About Ecocomics
When comic books and economics collide , Ecocomics is Ground Zero .
And we have charts .
It has come to our attention that the Star - Tribune will be giving out Bacon Balm -- a bacon - flavored lip balm -- at the State Fair .
We have received a preview tube , and it definitely has a hint of maple - esque bacon flavor to it .
Knowing how many regular commenters are well - schooled in the bacon arts , we thought it imperative to let you know .
Carry on .
The DesktopGaming web site has created hundreds of retro gaming wallpapers by ripping screenshots from emulated games — and then spicing them up with some photoshop goodness to fit today 's giant monitor sizes .
Advertisement
If you 've been reading Lifehacker over the last month , you 've probably seen these wallpapers show up in screenshots , and after many requests , we 're sharing our favorite retro wallpaper from the DesktopGaming site — starting with this one from Super Mario Bros 3 All - Stars edition .
Advertisement
Donkey Kong Country makes for a nice wallpaper .
Some of the wallpapers are designed to fit across multiple monitors , like this one from Super Mario 2 .
Advertisement
A little Earthworm Jim action for you ?
Advertisement
Chrono Trigger is one of my all - time favorite games .
How many endings did you beat ?
Advertisement
Yoshi's Island , not my personal favorite but a nice wallpaper .
Advertisement
Mike Tyson's Punch - Out ! was difficult — could you beat it without a cheat code ?
Advertisement
Final Fantasy 3 is another favorite .
Advertisement
Duck
Hunt is about as classic as it gets .
That dog was seriously annoying .
Advertisement
The DesktopGaming site has plenty of other freely downloadable wallpaper images to choose from , organized by game system and resolution — so you can look for your own nostalgic gaming wallpaper .
For more images , check out the list of best places to find multi-monitor wallpaper , submitted by Lifehacker readers .
Advertisement
DesktopGaming
( Newser ) – Argentina 's Perito Moreno glacier is one of only a few ice fields worldwide that have withstood rising global temperatures .
Nourished by Andean snowmelt , the glacier constantly grows even as it spawns icebergs the size of apartment buildings into a frigid lake , maintaining a nearly perfect equilibrium since measurements began more than a century ago .
" We 're not sure why this happens , " one glacialist said .
Viewed at a safe distance on cruise boats or a wooden observation deck , Perito Moreno 's jagged surface radiates a brilliant white and glows deep blue underwater .
Water on one side surges until it breaks an ice wall up to 200 feet above lake level , creating a thunderous crash and eliciting applause from tourists .
" The glacier has a lot of life , " said a guide who leads tours over the glacier 's snow fields .
( Read more climate change stories . )
Classic Tracks : Producer Jack Douglas ; Engineer Jay Messina Mixing / Production By Richard Buskin
In 1975 , Aerosmith stormed into the mainstream with their Toys In The Attic album , and in doing so set the tone for a decade of West Coast heavy metal .
The raunchiness of the Rolling Stones , the sleaze of the New York Dolls , the blues ‑boogie riffing of Led Zeppelin — this was Aerosmith in the mid‑ '70s .
The group 's loose and stripped ‑down brand of heavy metal , combined with pioneering power ballads that blended piano and strings with distorted guitars , was a potent cocktail .
Forget the pretensions of progressive rock or the morbid musical mysticism that was then in vogue among many of Aerosmith 's contemporaries : on their third album , Toys In The Attic , they hit the ground running with straightforward , yet expertly crafted rock & roll , sexually ‑charged lyrics and a streetwise swagger that , while placing them on a par with the Stones , confirmed that these guys had plenty of talent and allure in their own right .
Formed in 1970 , the Boston ‑based outfit 's genesis lay in the quintet of vocalist Steven Tyler , lead guitarist Joe Perry , rhythm guitarist Ray Tabano , bass player Tom Hamilton and drummer Joey Kramer .
However , it was only after Tabano had been replaced by Brad Whitford and a contract had been secured with Columbia Records that the band set about recording their eponymous debut album .
Released in the fall of 1973 , this spawned a minor hit in the form of ' Dream On ' .
Thanks to a non‑stop schedule of US concert appearances , as well as the behind ‑the ‑board additions of producer Jack Douglas and engineer Jay Messina for the multi‑platinum 1974 album Get Your Wings , Aerosmith built their reputation along with their fan base .
Nevertheless , it was Toys In The Attic , released in April 1975 , which projected the group into the mainstream and cemented their superstar status with fans and critics alike .
The album 's first single , ' Sweet Emotion ' , climbed to 36 on the Billboard Hot 100 in the summer of ' 75 , followed by the album itself reaching number 11 and a re‑release of ' Dream On ' making number six in early 1976 .
' Walk This Way ' — which failed to chart following its initial August ' 75 release — was also reissued in November 1976 and peaked at number 10 .
Encapsulating all that Aerosmith represented at this point , in terms of their music and their attitude , the song has a hard ‑hitting sound , a sleazily suggestive riff , and equally sordid trash ‑talk lyrics about high - schoolers losing their virginity .
Not only was Steven Tyler 's neo‑rap style of vocal delivery way ahead of its time , but between Joey Kramer 's two ‑measure drumbeat intro and Joe Perry 's instantly identifiable guitar hook , Aerosmith had their anthem .
And while the music was written before the words , that song 's title was derived from a weather ‑worn gag in the Mel Brooks movie Young Frankenstein .
Igor ( Marty Feldman ) directs his master to follow him by telling him to " walk this way ” , and the good doctor responds by reluctantly adopting his servant 's hunched posture and using his short cane .
" A lot of times , Jack Douglas and Steven Tyler would take a walk in the immediate area where the Record Plant was , and after picking up pieces of dialogue that were just floating in the air they 'd come back with a song , ” says Jay Messina , who recorded and mixed the Toys In The Attic album .
" However , on one particular Sunday it was pretty quiet out there , so we all went to see Young Frankenstein , and when we returned to the studio Jack started to joke around by saying , ' Walk this way , walk this way . '
Steven said , ' That 's it !'
We already had the track , but it did n't have any lyrics , and that line provided Steven with the incentive to achieve that song 's magic . ”
An engineer with a list of credits that includes Kiss , Yoko Ono , Lou Reed , Miles Davis , Supertramp , Slash , Patti Smith , Peter Frampton and five studio albums with Aerosmith , Messina is a native New Yorker who played vibes in high school bands before studying electronics at the RCA Institute .
His first job , in 1965 , was at the small yet state ‑of ‑the‑art midtown Manhattan studio of jazz musician Don Elliot .
This housed one of Les Paul 's original eight ‑track tape machines , and Messina 's initial session there as an assistant was for some Ravi Shankar movie soundtrack work that was being funded by a doctor : one Dr Timothy Leary , the soon ‑to ‑be LSD guru who would urge a generation to " turn on , tune in and drop out ” .
It was , to say the least , a colourful introduction to the recording business , and during the next year and a half Messina familiarised himself with — and took care of — all aspects of Don Elliot 's facility , ranging from mag transfers to setting up the equipment .
Then , an introduction to Phil Ramone resulted in Messina being hired at Ramone 's facility , A&R Recording , where he started out cutting lacqueurs on a Neumann lathe before graduating to radio editing work and , on the weekends , recording bands direct to two‑track .
This , in turn , led to jingle work and , eventually , his first fully ‑fledged engineering assignments .
It had been a long apprenticeship , but a comprehensive one , and he had more than enough opportunities to test his acquired skills after being hired by Chris Stone to work at the Record Plant in the early ' 70s .
" As soon as you walked in the place , it felt like you were in the coolest club in town , ” he now recalls about his first visit to the studio on West 44th Street .
" The Who were cutting some vocals in Studio A , the lights were down really low and I was immediately impressed with the sound — it was one of the best monitoring systems that I 've heard over the years . ”
Among the assistants with whom Messina initially worked at the Record Plant was one Jack Douglas .
The pair quickly hit it off .
" Lots of times , I did n't even have to say anything and Jack was there with the right mic or just the right kind of help that I needed without me even having to communicate this to him , ” Messina explains .
" He was a good assistant and we became instant friends , so I always requested him on the sessions that I did . ”
The result : they did plenty of sessions together before Douglas began engineering projects himself for artists such as John Lennon and the Who .
Then he took on some production assignments , and when his gritty recording of the New York Dolls ' self ‑titled debut prompted Aerosmith to have him produce Get Your Wings , Jay Messina got the call from his associate to take care of the engineering , among other duties ...
" When we were getting ready to mix ' Sweet Emotion ' , the bass line just did n't have what it needed , ” Messina recalls .
" Well , Jack knew that I used to play vibes , and so he asked me to double the line on marimba .
I told him a bass marimba would be more appropriate , and after we rented one I played that on the intro and following the first chorus .
The little attack on the bass comes from the bass marimba sound , and it was a big thrill for me to be able to do that , since I had stopped playing vibes many years before . ”
Still , did n't it feel strange for Jay Messina to have a guy who had only recently been his studio assistant now calling the shots as the producer ?
" Not really , ” comes the reply .
" We worked as a team , and I never felt like I was working for Jack ; I was working with Jack .
And because he trusted me and pretty much let me do what I did , it freed him up to spend lots of time in the studio with the band .
While he was working on the arrangements , he could feel confident that I was getting some cool sounds , and when he'd come into the control room and have a suggestion or two about what he heard or did n't hear , it was fine .
I was doing my thing , he was doing his thing , and it was very much a joint effort between friends .
As it still is , because we still work together . ”
As for Aerosmith , they , too , were involved in the production process , especially Steven Tyler and Joe Perry , who would increase their participation in this regard as the years progressed ( and , in 1986 , also turbo‑boost their group 's then ‑flagging fortunes by guest starring on Run‑DMC 's landmark rap‑metal cover version of ' Walk This Way ' ) .
" I can't think of too many projects where the artist was n't really co‑producing and the producer acted with an iron fist , saying , ' This is the way it 's going to be , ' ” Messina remarks .
" After all , a good producer will want to satisfy the composer of the material as well as the musicians .
They all have a vision of how it should sound when it 's finished , and a good producer will want to fulfil that dream .
It was very much that way with Aerosmith and the stuff that I 've worked on with Jack . ”
For the second album on which the aforementioned parties collaborated , 1975 's Toys In The Attic , the sessions mostly took place in the Record Plant 's Studio A , where the control room housed an old 30 ‑input Spectrasonics console , Westlake monitors , an Ampex quarter‑inch tape machine and a modified MCI 16 ‑ track , two‑inch machine .
" The Spectrasonics board was very clean , ” Messina says .
" It was great for recording tracks and extremely minimalistic in terms of effects sends .
It actually had one effects send pot , but four selector switches , so it was n't very flexible .
Still , I grew quite used to it . ”
While the Record Plant engineers had access to EMT 140 plates , Meyer and Fairchild compressors , Universal Audio Teletronix LA2As , Urei LA4s , Urei 1176s , an Eventide phaser and flanger , and Pultec EQ , the effects employed on Toys In The Attic included the kind of compression ‑and ‑distortion ‑embellished tape delay that today 's plug‑ins do n't provide , as well as backwards reverb and , on ' Sweet Emotion ' , backwards handclaps following the first chorus .
" A lot of the time we would print the effects direct to tape , ” Messina recalls .
" Several years ago , Jack and I did a 5.1 mix of Toys In The Attic , and when I transferred the 16 ‑ track tape to Pro Tools after going through a bunch of A‑D converters to find the right one , I found that , on almost every tune , there was an open track .
Back then , we 'd always leave an open track for that last idea that somebody might have , and on only a few of the album 's tunes was everything filled up .
While effects were printed directly on some of the vocals , the drums usually had a track for the kick , another for the snare , a stereo pair , and a Sennheiser 405 shotgun mic pointing directly down at the snare , compressed with a [ Urei ] 1176 and printed on a separate track .
Just putting a little of that in the mix would add a nice roomy quality to the drums .
" On the stereo pair that had the hi‑hat , the cymbals and the toms , there was a return of some guitar effects that we probably printed as we recorded the tracks .
In fact , since we wanted to print a stereo effects return to some of the guitars , on one song we may have even bounced some of the drum tracks so that the returns of those guitar effects were included on the tracks .
It was really all about making a decision at some point that these effects were going to be there , and , unlike a lot of today 's Pro Tools techniques , you could have three mics on a particular guitar and each mic going to a separate track .
" We used to make those decisions as we went along , and this was not only out of necessity , because there was a limited number of tracks , but also because it was an exciting thing to do .
You see , we learned that when you love the sound of something but do n't print it , the next time you try to capture it , it might not be the same , especially if you 're in another studio with a different console and other gear .
Once in a while , we'd get into some trouble where maybe there was a little too much reverb on something , but there was always a way to fix it , and I found that the pluses of working that way far outweighed the negative results of some of the chances we 'd take .
After all , it was often thanks to those spontaneous decisions that we 'd capture the magic of the moment , and it 's so great to pull up a fader — not only then , but years later — and hear some magical sound instead of a dry guitar that you have to add effects to . ”
Looking through the Studio A control room window from behind the desk , the live area during the Toys In The Attic sessions sometimes featured Joey Kramer 's kit on a section of wood flooring on the other side of the glass , adjacent to the guitarists .
At other times — such as during the recording of ' Sweet Emotion ' — the drums were in a booth on the right ‑hand side , in a more dead ‑sounding part of the room .
" We did n't isolate every single thing , ” Messina says .
" A lot of the time , when the kit was on the wood in front of the glass , there was leakage from the guitars going into the overhead mics on the drums , and those drum mics created a special sound for the guitars that we would n't otherwise have got .
In most cases we were recording the guitars on one track , meaning it was a mono source , but the leakage into other mics gave them some size and some stereo .
" When the drums were out of the booth , there was more height to deal with , so I was able to point the shotgun mic straight down at the snare .
However , when they were in the booth , to get a more dead sound , I did n't have the height to use the 405 and so I 'd use a room mic instead .
In both cases , I 'd often use [ Neumann ] 87s on the toms , and just one [ Shure ] 57 on top of the snare — unlike today , when lots of times I 'll use three mics on a snare .
Or there 'd be an Altec saltshaker if we wanted maybe a little more edge .
Then , for the kick , we 'd often use an Electrovoice 666 pretty much inside the drum , while there 'd be 87s for overheads .
" It got progressively deader as you moved towards the back of the room , and Tom Hamilton played bass back there , just beyond the drum booth , with a little gobo around his Ampeg B15 so that there was n't an unmanageable amount of leakage .
The B15 was generally miked with an [ EV ] RE20 and combined with a DI that came right off the head of that amp , and it was usually in the room because there was only one real vocal booth while another booth was used for the piano .
" Steven mostly sang along with the band for the basic tracks , and he was often miked with an 87 and set up with speakers ; maybe a couple of Yamaha NS10s , although I 'm not a hundred percent sure about that .
A trick I learned from doing jingles was to put the speakers out of phase while the mic was at the cancellation point of those two speakers , and this allowed to Steven to sing without using headphones and , therefore , with a little more energy and the vibe of being with the band .
In fact , in many cases we 'd use the Sennheiser 405 on him because , since it had a lot of edge and was very directional , it was very conducive to that technique of using speakers that were out of phase .
" The guys were all positioned in a circle so they could see each other , and when the guitarists were on the wooded floor with their backs to the control room glass they 'd stand next to their amps .
We would use a combination of a 57 , [ an AKG ] 421 and a Sony C37 for each of them , and between the meat of the Sony and the edge of the 57 and the 421 , we could get a pretty good variety of choices , whether we were miking just one speaker or , say , using the 57 on a second speaker .
We might add limiting or phasing or flanging to that , but lots of times we'd just get a mix that we liked and print it that way .
I mean , the true sound of any instrument is how it sounds in the room , and those guys had their own sounds , thanks to how they played , the guitars they were playing and how these were recorded at the amp .
" That 's where it starts , and both of those guys had a really great selection of amps to choose from .
I remember that Joe had his Gibson stereo amp that would n't tear your head off if you were in the room with it .
It just had some qualities that made for a great recording amp , and between the three mics we would come up with some special sound for it . ”
" You can paint over a great picture by going too far , ” remarks Messina .
" It 's all about knowing when to stop , and that 's evidenced on this album .
Not inhibiting the artist with the recording process is something that Jack and I have always tried to achieve in the studio , because it's hard enough for a band that 's used to playing in clubs or large venues to come in , put things on their ears and start to perform .
That 's why I let the musicians set up pretty much how they want to , and if there 's a problem then I 'll let them know .
Generally , it 's about the music , and recording is capturing those magical moments .
After all , if a singer is excited and ready to perform , and you take 20 minutes to satisfy your own ego by getting the best possible vocal sound until that person no longer feels like singing , you 've defeated your purpose . ”
In the case of Steven Tyler , after performing with the band , his Toys In The Attic vocals — overdubbed within a gobo'd section in Studio A's wooded live area — were usually comped , but not nearly as much as many of today 's digital recordings that play around with syllables , let alone words .
" It 's not that you could n't do it back then , but it was n't easily done , and it also was n't necessary with those who had the talent to sing , ” says Messina .
" Steven did — and does — have talent , and so there was no need to get in there with a microscope and pick it apart .
He would just come up with great vocals .
" Probably the greatest technical challenge on that album was working with the limited number of tracks .
Pretty regularly , we might want to add a tambourine , and if we were out of tracks or did n't want to use up a whole new track , lots of times we would just find an open track for wherever we wanted to put it .
Even if it was on a vocal track , I 'd put an edit just before the vocal came back in and put a leader there , so there was no chance of the tambourine going right up to where the vocal comps were .
Then we would do the tambourine overdub , punch in at the appropriate time and , when the leader came , there 'd obviously be enough time to stop the tape and not erase the vocal .
After that , we 'd remove the leader , and this was all part of the process with the 16 ‑ track format . ”
Usually stretching from the early afternoon to the wee small hours of the morning , the Toys In The Attic sessions took place six days a week — and sometimes seven days a week — during January and February of 1975 , with at least one day allocated to each of the mixes .
" We never shied away from extra hands , ” says Messina , who currently does a lot of mix and mastering work in his Pro Tools ‑based home setup , which combines digital technology with plenty of analogue gear .
" Lots of times we 'd use the assistant or even a band member when there was a switch to make or a fader to ride .
And even though we spent roughly a day on each mix , sometimes we would do a section of a song , make whatever changes were required — or , if we got a piece right , have that on our quarter‑inch — and then edit the mix together so that it flowed .
The only reason it did n't take longer was because we were working 16 ‑ track , and by making decisions as we went along during the recording process and ensuring it sounded good every step of the way , it made the mix that much easier .
" In fact , when we did the 5.1 remix , I really got to appreciate how great 16 ‑ track sounds .
When 24 ‑ track came in , 16 ‑ track kinda went out the window , but having more space for your information definitely had its benefits , as did the spontaneity of the recording process when you had to make decisions as you went along .
For me , that 's where the magic happens , and while Pro Tools has great advantages and I certainly do n't miss razor ‑blade editing , what I still really enjoy is doing live ‑to‑two‑track records — mostly jazz sessions — because there 's that kind of excitement in the music and in the sound that has gone away with today 's dissected form of recordings .
" Toys In The Attic was a group effort .
That 's where Steve and Joe come from , Jack was really good at keeping the band happy and giving them what they had in mind , and thanks to the sense of humour that was always in the studio , the whole thing was great fun and really easy . ”
You can visit Jay Messina 's web site at www.jaymessina.com
The cybersphere has been flooded in recent days with " news " about vodka - soaked tampons and anal beer bongs .
Much of this chatter apparently comes from an August 16 Channel 15 ( KNXV - TV ) interview with drug - treatment - facility spokeswoman Stephanie Siete , who listed " snorting vodka shots " and the tampon - and - beer - bong activities as things " teens are doing " these days .
Let 's take a deep , unadulterated breath here .
First of all , we imagine -- cynically -- that Siete 's primary job at Community Bridges , a non-profit company in Arizona , is to drum up more clients .
Getting the attention of parents is one way to do that -- hence , the emphasis on the sensational .
Secondly , there 's just no way more than a few dumbasses are doing those things .
If a teen has vodka , it 's safe to say that the teen is going to drink it , not soak a tampon in it or snort it .
Same with beer .
Related Stories Bill Montgomery Jumps on Blue Whale Tale , Warns Parents of Unproven Suicide Game
We admit we could be wrong -- maybe you know someone whose anus has a problem with alcohol .
But we called Siete to find out if she knows of any documented cases of her examples here in Arizona .
" You do hear anecdotal reports , " Siete says .
" If go to YouTube , you 'll see this . "
Well , sure , and if you go to YouTube you 'll see a video of a housecat chasing away a bear , too .
It 's called a fluke .
Siete claims she 's also heard young people say they know others who have committed such antics .
Not exactly the stuff of which science is made .
One urban - legend researcher found a 1999 reference to some girls in Finland who supposedly did the tampon - soaking trick , and says the concept became more mainstream following a CSI episode that mentioned it .
Siete confesses that abuse of prescription drugs , alcohol ( consumed in more traditional ways ) , tobacco and marijuana are far bigger problems .
You 're probably familiar with This is Why You 're Fat .
In honor of Taste Test , co-author Jessica Amason has generously shared some gems of meat - related architecture from the blog and from their upcoming book .
Good lord , this stuff is gross .
Taste
Test is our weeklong tribute to the leaps that occur when technology meets cuisine , spanning everything from the historic breakthroughs that made food tastier and safer to the Earl - Grey - friendly replicators we impatiently await in the future .
Advertisement
Meat Ship - Meat House and Meat Ship creator , Joel Richards , also contributed to TIWYF , the book , where he explained his inspiration for building meat - structures — to create his first meat structure , the meat ship , he actually used the help of his roommate , an engineering major !
Advertisement
Leaning Tower of NOM - A tall dome - like structure of donuts and crullers that is probably more structurally sound than its leaning Tuscan counterpart .
Meat House -
It 's like a gingerbread house , but many more animals were killed to build it .
Advertisement
Meat Tank -
The meat tank is a glorious mystery , it was submitted anonymously and we have yet to uncover its origins .
It combines two intensely manly things : an armoured combat vehicle and ... MEAT !
Advertisement
Rubix Cubewich -
The geniuses at insanewiches.com came up with this supremely nerdy gem and explain its contents here .
Advertisement
Bacon Wrapped Stone Henge -
There 's something weirdly appropriate about this culinary ode to a site of ritual sacrifice : a bacon offering to the gods !
The creator also takes it rather seriously .
Advertisement
BA -K47 - A past favorite of Giz , also part of the book 's spread on meat - creations .
Advertisement
The Bacone - Bacon Camp 's Bacone seems simple enough , but it actually involved a good amount of ingenuity on the part of its creators .
They also contributed to the book , explaining how they came up with the idea that took California 's " Bacon Camp " competition by storm .
They also talk about their creation here .
Advertisement
Bacon Man -
The Bacon Man : attempting to fill the uncanny valley with salty deliciousness !
Definitely one of the more creepy items , but also impressive in its construction ...
Advertisement
Snack Stadium -
The snack stadium has managed to harness all that is good and manly : 1 ) sporting events 2 ) building shit with tools 3 ) tailgating snack foods 4 ) competition .
After HolyTaco created the original , many have attempted to recreate , redesign and re-imagine their own versions ( like this image , which is a redesigned version that is exclusive to our book ) .
Not just a feat of food engineering , a phenomenon !
Marvel Ultimate Confusion
by David ' Hades ' Becker [ Monday , 6th of July 2009 - 06:01 PM ]
No , the confusion is n't on Activision or Raven 's side of things , but more on mine and anyone else that may have sat in on the media briefing for this game .
Let me explain .
While being shown the game , we were all informed of one of the new characters to be revealed as a playable character .
The Juggernaut .
We were also shown how he can use fusion powers with everyone of the announced characters as well .
Include a delightful romp while encasing him in a hamster ball of power covered in spikes and let him run around rolling over enemies and object .
So it would seem that he was on the general roster , right ?
Well now Activision has stated that you only get him when you pre-order the game via GameStop .
This also being for the PS3 and 360 versions of the game .
So that suggests that what we saw was kind of a ruse .
That and that any other platform of this game has absolutely no chance of getting this character of hamster ball doom .
Even though the code will be in all versions of the game , as we 've seen how he will work with fusions .
So I 'm kind of confused .
Is this a ploy to get more pre-orders at GameStop or are they really not going to include him in the final build of the game as they have already suggested ?
Will he be DLC for the GameStop haters who refuse to pay them any money ?
I 'm guessing so , but I would n't put it past any of them as of this time .
On a more positive note , you can register on their site now for further exclusive announcements .
Not only that , but play and online game entrenched in the Civil War story .
All with the chance to be a big winner in their online contest to win big fun Marvel prizes .
So they are looking out for us all in the end I guess .
Kostenschub Krankenkassen erhöhen Werbeausgaben drastisch
Ausgabenschub trotz Krise : Die gesetzlichen Krankenkassen haben laut einer Erhebung ihre Ausgaben für Werbung im ersten Halbjahr 2009 deutlich gesteigert .
Bei Barmer und AOK sind die Kosten gleich um mehrere Millionen Euro angeschwollen .
Is she really a HE ?
Women 's 800 m runner shrugs off gender storm to take gold
Doubt : South Africa 's Caster Semenya on Monday .
She is today facing claims that she is actually a man
A female runner accused of being a man tonight took gold in the 800 m World Athletics Championship .
South African Caster Semenya , 18 , had to take a gender test after doubts were raised about her sex .
But despite the furore , she easily took gold in the final in Berlin .
The teenage sensation has sparked controversy over her strikingly muscular physique .
Today officials at the world athletics body , the IAAF , revealed that it ordered her to take a gender test three weeks ago .
IAAF spokesman Nick Davies confirmed the tests were taking place , though he said the results would not be confirmed for several weeks .
Until the results are confirmed , there was nothing to prevent Semenya from competing in tonight 's final , he said .
He added : ' At this moment in time we do not have any evidence to stop her running . '
South African athletics chiefs furiously denied the claims and stated Semenya was definitely female .
Molatelo Malehopo , general manager of Athletics South Africa , said : ' She is a female .
We are completely sure about that and we would n't have entered her into the female competition if we had any doubts .
' We have not been absent - minded , we are very sure of her gender .
We are aware of the claims that have been made but our aim at the moment is to prepare Caster for the race this evening .'
Semenya was ordered to take the test after raising suspicion during an incredible performance at a junior championship .
The teenager , from Polokwane in South Africa 's Limpopo province , burst onto the running scene at last month 's African Junior Championship in Mauritius where she clocked 1:56.72 in the 800 metres .
The time was the best recorded in the world so far this year by more than a second .
Mr Davies revealed that Semenya 's astoundingly quick performance prompted suspicions over her gender .
Experts were concerned over the way she runs and urged the South African athletics body to test her .
A group of doctors , including an endocrinologist , a gynaecologist , an internal medicine expert , an expert on gender and a psychologist , have started the procedure but it is uncertain when the results will be known .
Semenya , right , is literally flying , both feet off the ground , as she crosses the finish line ahead of Jennifer Meadows ( L ) of Britain during the semi final on Monday night
The complex process could take several weeks to be complete .
' It would be wrong today to take a decision to withdraw an athlete , ' said Mr Davies .
He added that Semenya is not being accused of cheating , and emphasised the test is not compulsory .
' This is a medical condition , ' he said .
' It is nothing that she has done .
There is a need to make sure rules are followed .
' We are more concerned for the person and not to make this as something that is humiliating . '
Pending the results of the test , Semenya could be disqualified from the event .
Semenya was today warming up for the final , which will see her competing against British hopes Marilyn Okoro and Jennifer Meadows .
On Sunday , Semenya nearly met with disaster as she was forced to jump over fallen Janeth Jepkosgei Busienei of Kenya during the 800 m first heat
Caster recovers after the heat on Sunday night
Meanwhile , the teenager 's coach told South African media she was aware of the controversy surrounding her .
Michael Seme told South Africa 's News24 website : ' We understand that people will ask questions because she looks like a man .
It 's a natural reaction and it's only human to be curious .
' People probably have the right to ask such questions if they are in doubt .
' But I can give you the telephone numbers of her room - mates in Berlin .
They have already seen she has nothing to hide . '
Gender testing was introduced at the 1966 European Track and Field Championships and first used at the Olympics during the 1968 Mexico City games .
International Olympic Committee regulations require all athletes to compete under their gender at birth .
Not first : Dora Ratjen of Vienna , jumping 1 metre 70 in 1938 to break the women 's high jump world record .
Dora was later proven to be a man , Hermann Ratjen
Meanwhile Polish athlete Ewa Klobukowska was revealed to be a man in 1967
However , experts fear Semenya , who has competed internationally throughout her teens , should be tested to check whether she might suffer from from a rare condition in which individuals can exhibit both male and female chromosomes .
A source said : ' In a few rare individuals there is a grey area between male and female .
It 's possible that she falls into this bracket .
' The gender verification process takes weeks as it is extremely complex .
' If there were ever any suspicions regarding this girl , tests should have been done at the earliest opportunity to save her any embarrassment . '
If Semenya was proven to be a male she would be the latest in a string of gender fraud cases in international athletics .
One of the most famous cases saw female German athlete Dora Ratjen revealed as a man named Hermann following high jump success at the 1936 Berlin Olympics and the 1938 European Championships .
The athlete later claimed he had been forced to disguise himself as a female by the Nazi government .
The first athlete to be caught after the gender tests were introduced was Polish runner Ewa Klobukowska , who took gold in the women's 4 x 100 metres relay and bronze in the 100 metres at the 1964 Summer Games in Tokyo .
She was later unmasked as a he after failing a chromosome test in 1967 .
South African athletics fans today expressed their anger at the claims about Semenya 's gender .
Dozens posted comments on newspaper websites , with some claiming the speculation was racially motivated .
One commenter , who did not leave their name , wrote : ' It just disappoints me every time that a good South African athlete comes around , there always seem to be questions .
' She looks manly , of course , but is she the only athlete who looks manly ?
I do n't think so .
Just because she has facial hair means absolutely nothing .
Would they have tested her if she was n't African ? '
Another , ' Norman ' , added : ' What bull man !
Our Caster is a woman , these European people cannot handle the fact that an African can actually be a champion in something and will always try to bring us down . '
Crumbling Cornerstones of Middle Class Wealth
Last night , we went to an awards ceremony for the magazine publishing industry in Britain .
Our title , MoneyWeek , had been nominated as “ best weekly business magazine . ”
It was a sparkling affair … with hundreds of attendees dressed in black tie and gowns .
There were showgirls too – dressed in a pert ’ 20s style …somewhere between the Great Gatsby and the Ziegfeld Follies .
Short , tight dresses with shimmering fringes …hats with feathers … the girls served champagne and did dance numbers .
“ I see the publishers association has chosen a ’ 20s theme , ” began the emcee .
“ What is wrong with you people ?
Do n’t you know what came after the ’ 20s ?
The ’30s ! ”
It does n’t seem like the ’30 s … yet .
Ask the man on the street and he will tell you what he ’s heard on TV : the worst of the crisis is over .
According to Bloomberg : “ Wall Street ’s largest bond - trading firms say the worst may be over for investors in Treasuries after government securities posted their biggest first - half losses in at least three decades .
“ The 16 primary dealers , which trade directly with the Federal Reserve and are obligated to bid at Treasury auctions , forecast the benchmark 10 - year note yield will finish the year little changed at 3.58 percent , after rising from 2.21 percent at the end of 2008 , according to a survey by Bloomberg News . ”
Stocks will keep going up until 2010 , says money manager John Dorfman .
The “ crisis management ” phase is behind us , says Jeff Immelt .
But this only reminds us of …1930 .
Let us wake up the ghosts just so we can laugh at them :
“ The spring …marks the end of a period of grave concern … American business is steadily coming back to a normal level of prosperity , ” Julius Barnes , Head of Hoover ’s National Business Survey , March 16 , 1930 .
“ We are now near the end of the declining phase of the depression , ” the Harvard Economic Review , November 15 , 1930
In 1930 … as in 2009 … the average fellow thought the crisis had passed .
“ Well … depression was n’t so bad , ” he said to himself .
Is it possible that the credit expansion that began after WWII and lasted until 2007 … taking the debt - to - GDP ratio from about 150 % to 360 % …has contracted in the space of 24 months ?
Have the mistakes of the Bubble Epoque been corrected already ?
Are household balance sheets back in balance ?
The markets continue their daily hum …
The Dow fell 81 points yesterday .
Gold dropped $ 12 .
Oil traded at $ 69 .
And bonds fell a little – the 10 - year yield rose back above 3.5 % .
Meanwhile , the economy continues its work … correcting … paring … amputating … discarding …destroying the illusions of the bubble years … to bring things back in balance .
“ Gloomy US consumers clip housing recovery , ” begins a Reuters article .
Another report , at MarketWatch , blamed the gloom on a “ gloomier jobs view . ”
Housing and jobs are the two cornerstones of American middle class wealth .
If they ca n’t hold the weight of a building economy , there is little chance of a broad recovery in the United States …or Britain .
“ Last week , I hosted a meeting of mortgage lenders , ” continued last night ’s emcee .
“ They got together all the mortgage lenders in Britain who are still in business .
I felt sorry for the guy .
All alone …
“ Today , a guy goes into a bank and he says … ‘ I ’d like to talk to you about a loan … ’ and the banker says to him , ‘ Great … how much can you lend us ? ’
Net mortgage lending in Britain is the weakest it has been since they began keeping records in ’ 93 .
And today ’s news tells us that the UK economy is shrinking faster than people thought .
In the first quarter , the UK GDP fell by 2.49 % .
In Britain as in America , the real economy is falling off just as investors , analysts , and commentators think they see a recovery .
They think rising stock prices – US stocks are up 40 % since March 9th – predict and precede a growing economy .
Stocks , they say , “ look ahead . ”
People will believe anything .
If stocks had been watching where the economy was going they never would have traded at such high levels in ’07 .
They clearly had no idea what was ahead .
Nor do they now .
The images of the ’30s keep coming back .
TIME has put Franklin Roosevelt ’s picture on its cover , as if he were the man of the hour now .
Americans think they are confronted with a challenge , which …with proper leadership … they will overcome .
Madoff has been locked up ; now it ’s just a question of beefing up those regulators so it does n’t happen again .
The stimulus packages have been set up ; now we just have to wait for them to do their work .
The Fed has done its part too ; it ’s just a matter of time until all that money and credit it put into the banking system turns up in the consumer economy .
And Obama …is n’t he just like Roosevelt ?
Is n’t he taking advantage of this crisis to help build a stronger … fairer … US economy ?
If you read the papers you might think so .
In The New York Times , Felix Rohatyn , has written a remarkable essay – remarkable in the sense that he has managed to take up 2/3 of a page without saying anything .
To help him do so , he calls on the first Roosevelt , Theodore : “ He insisted on government ’s obligation to regulate the large new business aggregations not so much to address the inequalities of wealth as to police its potential distorting influence …to reinforce the new system , not weaken it . ”
Mr. Rohatyn goes on to advise Obama :
The work ahead , he says , “ will require difficult and painful actions , which can only come from a multi-year , bipartisan plan , led by the president and the Congress , with the support of business and labor . ”
Blah , blah … blah …
What he is urging on the nation is more central planning – with no idea how or why central planners will be better at controlling other peoples ’ money than people are at controlling their own .
And imagine the ‘ plan ’ that would have the support of politicians of both parties , business interests and labor ; it ’s bound to be a disaster – like all of Teddy Roosevelt ’s plans .
But it ’s the other disastrous Roosevelt that catches most looks .
The one on the cover of TIME magazine .
This was the Roosevelt who , with the help of Herbert Hoover , turned the correction of the early ’30s into the Great Depression .
Rather than let the markets quickly correct the mistakes of the ’ 20s , he tried to put them in a straitjacket .
And rather than let people sort out their own finances , he set up a huge bureaucracy to bring Mussolini - style central planning to America .
That bureaucracy is still with us – including Fannie Mae , which was instrumental in creating the housing bubble … and the SEC , which was instrumental in camouflaging the risks of in the investment markets .
But there ’s no point in going on about the two Roosevelts .
TIME and the nation believe they were great heroes who practically single - handed saved the country from destruction .
No use trying to tell them anything different .
So , instead …we will continue our lonely vigil – watching to see what mischief these clowns undertake next … and how we might protect ourselves …
What we see is this : the United States prospered in the 20th century not because of the Roosevelts , but in spite of them .
The American economy was expanding … it was still young , strong , competitive and prosperous .
The empire grew with economic power .
But the years ahead are not likely to resemble the post -Roosevelt years .
America ’s position relative to the rest of the world is weak and in decline .
She is not a creditor , she is a debtor .
She is not a low - cost competitor ; she is a high - cost competitor .
She no longer has a free and flexible economy ; she has one freighted with central planners , regulators and busybodies .
There is a heat wave here in London .
At least , that is what you would think if you listened to Londoners .
“ I ca n’t take this heat , ” said a friend yesterday .
It did n’t seem that hot .
Compared to Maryland in the summer , it seemed like a winter day .
We checked the headlines :
“ 80 Degrees again tomorrow , ” said one .
“ No relief in sight . ”
Until tomorrow ,
Bill Bonner
The Daily Reckoning
The mayors of Hoboken , Secaucus , Ridgefield were among 40 people arrested in early morning raids across New Jersey this morning as federal officials unveiled a long - ranging probe into public corruption and international money laundering , officials said
FBI and IRS rounded up various elected officials and several rabbis across the state in what is being described as one of the biggest investigations of its kind in Jersey 's scandal - plagued history .
The corruption investigation , which has been ongoing for over ten years according to officials , dovetails with a " high - volume international money - laundering conspiracy . "
It is said to involve rabbis in the Syrian Jewish enclave in Brooklyn and Deal , New Jersey .
It started when money transfers drew the interests of the feds who followed the trail back to small - town Jersey corruption .
“ The list of names and titles of those arrested today sounds like a roster for a community leaders meeting , " said Weysan Dun , Special Agent In Charge of the FBI in Newark . , at the news briefing .
“ Sadly , these prominent individuals were not in a meeting room but were in the FBI booking room this morning . "
Among those arrested this morning were Assemblyman Daniel Van Pelt ( R - Ocean ) , Jersey City Deputy Mayor Leona Beldini , Hoboken Mayor Peter Cammarano and Secaucus Mayor Dennis Elwell , all Democrats , authorities said .
Several area rabbis and other community leaders and politicians , including Jersey City Council President Mariano Vega , were arrested .
The scandal caused New Jersey 's Community Affairs Commissioner to resign .
Gov. Jon Corzine said he asked Joseph Doria to step down and Doria agreed .
When asked why , Corzine said " Simple : can he be effective in the office that he holds under the conditions that there is a serious investigation going on in the context of this deep vein of corruption that was unveiled today — and the answer is no . "
Officials say separate from the corruption probe , some of the suspects charged today were also connected to an illegal human organ - selling ring .
Investigators say some charged would take cash payments to help find organs for sick patients in need of transplants .
It 's unclear where the body parts might have come from or how many surgeries may have been done .
The body parts scheme involved kidney transplants , authorities said .
Patients in need would pay middle - men to find willing donors in Israel .
Investigators said the suspects would then have the donor and patient lie to hospitals that they were related .
Hospitals would then do the operation unaware that cash payments were part of the deal .
Officials say Robert Wood Johnson Hospital in New Brunswick and Johns Hopkins in Baltimore were allegedly contacted by the suspects for these procedures .
In past years , New Jersey has seen more than 100 corruption - related arrests of public officials .
At a noon press conference officials detailed the charges ( view as .pdf ) against the nearly four dozen individuals .
Secret recordings made of the defendants by the feds paint a classic portrait of Jersey - style corruption .
In April of this year , as a Hoboken councilman and mayoral candidate , the 32 - year - old Cammarano , after meeting with a developer who had promised him a bribe of several thousand dollars , said “ I wanna make sure that I , you know , you , you ’re my man , ” emphasizing that he was a proponent of redevelopment , according to court papers .
Later when asked by the “ cooperating witness ” who interacted with all 44 suspects if his development projects would be sped through the bureaucratic process , Cammarano said , “ I promise you … you ’re gonna be , you ’re gonna be treated like a friend , ” according to the court documents .
Defendant Michael Schaffer , a Commissioner with the North Hudson Utilities Authority , told the cooperating witness , Cammarano “ told me , ‘ Michael , the way I operate politics , anybody who helps me , I help them .
That ’s the way I operate .
And if you ’re not there the first round , I do n’t need ya’ the second round . ”
Later on May 19 , Cammarano allegedly told the witness , " hopefully , we , we , we , you know , we get to the point where I ’m sworn in on July 1st , and we ’re breaking down the world into three categories at that point .
There ’s the people who were with us , and that ’s you guys .
There ’s the people who climbed on board in the runoff .
They can get in line .
. .
And then there are the people who were against us the whole way .
They get ground . . .
They get ground into powder . ”
Law enforcment officials confirmed later today that the cooperating witness is Solomon Dwek , a real estate developer in Monmouth County , New Jersey , who was charged in 2006 , with scheming to defraud PNC Bank out of $ 50 million .
Sources said he will likely receive a greatly reduced sentence for his cooperation in this probe .
According to the court papers , it 's not quite clear how the international money - laundering scheme is related to corrupt local politics .
Two of the Rabbis involved , Mordchai Fish , who served at Congregation Sheves Achim , a synagogue in Brooklyn , and his brother Albert Schwartz , were caught on tape having conversations with the cooperating witness that seemed straight out of a movie script , according to court transcripts :
“ I had 25 million from [ the bank ] – 20 million – that schnookie deal .
I gave 20 million to [ another bank ] .
I , I took five million .
I sent it offshore .. ” said the witness , who was reputedly also involved in a counterfeit handbag racket , according to the court papers .
At least five rabbis have been arrested .
" These men of the cloth ... hid their criminal activity behind a ' cloak of rectitude , ' ” said New Jersey 's acting United States Attorney Ralph J. Marra Jr .
Defendant Issac Rosenbaum , meanwhile , was caught up in a shady organ procurement program , where an undercover FBI agent and the cooperating witness pretended to need a human liver for the undercover ’s sick uncle , the feds charge .
“ Let me explain this to you , ” said Rosenbaum on February 26 , 2008 according to the court documents .
“ It ’s illegal to buy [ a liver ] .
It ’s illegal to sell .
They are going to investigate him [ the donor ] not you , not your uncle .
He ’s going to speak to a social worker and a psychologist to find out why he is doing it … and it is our job to prepare him . ”
The cost would be $ 160,000 for the liver donation – 50 percent up front – but Rosenbaum repeatedly made it clear , according to court papers , “ It 's illegal to buy or sell organs .
.. .
So you can not buy it .
What you do is , you 're giving a compensation for the time . . . whatever – - he 's not working .
You can't even mention . ”
Hasani Gittens and Brian Thompson contributed to this report .
" Our research shows that 41 per cent of people are divulging personal and private information to complete strangers on Facebook , such as their date of birth , where they worked , where they lived and what they were doing , " he said .
" People are boasting about how they are having a fantastic time on a beach in Mexico on a webpage that has their home address .
A reader writes , " The second of two Canadian copyright townhalls was held last night in Toronto and it was clear from the beginning that the recording industry stacked the deck .
Four Warner Music executives spoke , two from Sony Music , one Universal Music , along with multiple music industry lawyers , spokespeople , and collectives .
Given that there were a limited number of seats , packing the room meant that many alternative views were excluded from participating .
Time to speak out now on copyright – two weeks left in the consultation and the industry is ready to overrun the process unless Canadians take the time to have their voice heard at sites like speakoutoncopyright.ca , digitalagenda.ca or ccer.ca . "
With just over two weeks left in the consultation , there should be no doubt that the lobby groups will be engaging in a major effort to push for their DMCA - style reforms .
The calls for three - strikes and you 're out , notice and takedown , DMCA anti-circumvention legislation , and no flexible fair dealing will only get louder .
Now is the time for Canadians – many of whom could not get a seat at the townhall since it was filled by industry reps just days after the consultation launch – to speak out .
Do n't wait – send in your comments today and encourage others to do the same .
The Toronto Music Industry Town Hall
Well , I suppose we should have known .
Apparently the big holdup with Max Baucus 's Finance Committee bill is ... abortion .
( Yeah , I wondered what the hell that has to do with finance , too . )
But wait , it gets better !
The Senate Republicans not only demand that abortions not be paid for with public funds ( something already forbidden by the Hyde Amendment ) , they want to prevent private insurance plans from paying for them , too .
Wow .
If the Dems knuckle under to this extortion , it 'll be war .
TAPPED has more :
Many supporters of health reform believe that systemic questions , such as whether or not reform will include a public insurance option , should inform the congressional and public debates .
But the truth is that Americans , unsurprisingly , seem to be most concerned about coverage specifics .
After reform , what procedures will and wo n’t be covered ?
Will my array of choices expand or contract ?
Those fears have been artfully exploited by the increasingly enthusiastic and radical conservative anti-health reform movement .
In response , today the White House launched “ Health Insurance Reform Reality Check “ , a website modeled after “ Fight the Smears , ” a campaign season effort to dispel rumors about Barack Obama ’s background and positions .
The new site is built around a simplified , eight - point explanation of how consumers will benefit from health reform .
Using this messaging , the administration plans a public relations push during the congressional recess , with a focus on drumming up grassroots support via the Obama ’s team ’s email list and outreach to the liberal blogosphere .
But given the intensity of anti-reform protests over the last week , there is little doubt that the president seems to be on the defensive .
The continued lack of one , concrete , completed health reform bill means that opponents of reform can grandstand on a number of hypothetical issues .
For example , both the House tri-committee bill and the Senate HELP committee bill create an independent council of medical experts to advise HHS on what services will be covered in the new health exchanges .
Conservatives have suggested that the council — which , of course , does not yet exist — will prevent terminally ill patients from receiving life support or continuing care , or will mandate abortion coverage .
Both of those outcomes are completely improbable .
Neither are on the White House ’s agenda .
But by kicking some tough choices on coverage down the line , to after reform passes , Democrats have opened the door to this kind of scare - mongering .
Uncertainty is uncomfortable , and opponents of reform — along with skeptical moderates — are exploiting that simple truth .
Nowhere is this more apparent than in the abortion debate .
None of the health reform proposals in Congress threaten the Hyde Amendment , which currently prevents the federal government from funding abortions .
But anti-choice legislators are not satisfied .
Many women will receive government subsidies to buy health insurance after reform , and Republicans — including some senators in the all - powerful “ Gang of Six ” — would like those women to be banned from accessing abortion with those funds , whether they are covered through private insurance plans or a potential public option .
This would be a significant curtailing of reproductive rights , since most private insurance plans currently do offer some abortion coverage .
In this case , the current reform proposals actually do maintain the oft - heralded “ status quo : ” Medicaid wo n’t cover abortion , but private insurance plans will .
It is reform opponents who are pushing to change the way health care is delivered , by curtailing women ’s ability to access abortion coverage in the private insurance market .
This morning , a senior administration official , speaking on background , told me that some moderate Republicans are choosing to understand health insurance subsidies as tax credits , and thus , from a libertarian point of view , might support a woman ’s right to access any health procedure she wishes with that “ tax credit , ” including abortion .
And yet , this official affirmed that abortion is among the issues holding up the Senate Finance Committee — right alongside long term cost containment and debates over whether the federal or state governments will pay to expand Medicaid .
In other words , almost everything about health reform remains up in the air .
Stay tuned .
Tweens Teens Moms Fashion Etc .
This is a blog about anything to do with Tweens , Teens and Moms .
Everything from Fashion , Music , Makeup , Movies , Trends , Parties , Decorations etc ...
A massive analysis of almost every bacterial genome sequenced to date suggests a new shape for the tree of life .
One of its core branches appears to be a union of two other branches .
Descendants of that line became the energy centers of plant and animal cells .
In other words , the results of this distant union between microorganisms " allowed us to walk on the Earth , " said James Lake , a University of California at Los Angeles cell biologist and author of the analysis .
" It 's responsible for the oxygen in the atmosphere , and brought in the organelles that made plants grow and let us breathe air . "
The details of early cellular evolution are murky , with few fossils having remained intact for the billions of years since self - replicating chemicals assumed cellular form .
But at a general level , scientists know that the earliest organisms were single - celled , nucleus - lacking creatures called prokaryotes .
These are broken down into five groups : bacteria , archaea , clostridia , actinobacteria and so - called gram - negative bacteria .
To most people , prokaryotes are just a bunch of microscopic bugs , but to microbiologists they 're as richly varied as the animal kingdom .
Scientists think the first eukaryotes — single - celled creatures with nuclei and complex internal structures , from which the entire plant and animal kingdom descended — evolved from prokaryotes , with some prokaryotes absorbed wholesale into these new and complicated organisms .
The best - known examples of this absorption are mitochondria and chloroplasts , the structures that generate energy in animal and plant cells .
Both belong to the gram - negative class , as do cyanobacteria , which several billion years ago probably transmuted Earth 's early atmosphere from a toxic soup to oxygen - rich air through photosynthesis .
According to Lake , the origin of this gram - negative group is not singular .
Instead it appears to have been produced through a fusion of actinobacteria and clostridium .
Were mammals derived from a union of insect and amphibian , the story - of - life rearrangement would be comparably profound .
" If these results can be confirmed and extended , they would undoubtedly have a major impact on our ideas about both prokaryotic and eukaryotic evolution , " said Michael Gray , a Dalhousie University cell biologist best - known for identifying the bacterial origins of mitochondria .
Gray was not involved in the research .
Lake 's hypothesis , published Wednesday in Nature , is based on pattern analyses run on the genome sequences of more than 3,000 types of bacteria .
For three years , he refined algorithms that teased out relationships between the different genes , then proposed different taxonomies to explain them .
Most importantly , he assumed that genes would n't necessarily flow in one direction , as they do in the animal kingdom .
In bacteria , genes are swapped back and forth so easily that some scientists think the concept of species does n't apply to them .
" People have always assumed that evolution works in a treelike manner .
What we said was , let 's analyze things in a way that does n't assume the tree , and see what happens , " said Lake .
Out of more than a million possible taxonomic arrangements , the one that best fit the data identified gram - negative prokaryotes as a descendant of some long - ago combination between members of the actinobacteria and clostridia groups .
It 's impossible to test this against a fossil record , but it would explain why gram - negative prokaryotes and clostridia are both able to photosynthesize , a phenomenon that Gray called " heretofore puzzling . "
" We 've known about the gram - negative bacteria for three scientific generations .
We 've been staring at them for a hundred years , and we never realized how they came about or what made them so different , " said Lake .
" Without them , we would n't have eukaryotes as we do today . "
According to Lake , the union likely took the form of endosymbiosis , in which one of the prokaryotes literally swallowed the other , and the two grew together .
Gray called this interpretation of the data " problematic " :
It would have required one genome to cross a cell membrane to join the other .
" I know of no such mechanism that would allow " this , said Gray .
But to Gray , the unlikelihood of an endosymbiotic union implies an as - yet - unknown process by which prokaryotes can fuse their entire genomes .
That possibility " has n't been widely considered within the evolutionary community , " he said .
A decade ago , investigating such questions would n't even have been possible , said Lake .
" We needed to have the mathematics and genomics to pull all this out of the sequences , " he said .
See Also :
Citation : " Evidence for an early prokaryotic endosymbiosis . "
By James A. Lake .
Nature , Vol. 460 , No. 7258 , August 20 , 2009 .
Images : 1 . CRP - Sante 2 . Nature
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes , Wired Science on Twitter .
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has been labelled a serial killer on United States television .
Erin Burnett , an anchor on American financial news channel CNBC , launched a verbal attack targeting Mr Rudd following the Federal Government 's decision to spend $ 19 million culling feral camels in the outback .
" There is a serial killer in Australia and we are going to put a picture up so we can see who it is , " a stern - faced Burnett said during a segment on CNBC on Tuesday .
A large photo of Mr Rudd was then shown .
" That would be the Prime Minister of Australia , Kevin Rudd , " Burnett said .
" OK , well , do you know what he is doing ?
" He has launched air strikes - air strikes - against camels in the outback . "
Burnett , with a stuffed toy camel sitting in front of her , broke away from her usual analysis of stock movements on Wall St to vent about the camel cull .
She raised the issue during a segment with CNBC 's colourful financial guru Jim Cramer .
Burnett said there were one million camels living wild in Australia and the animals would be shot .
" They are slaughtering them ? "
Cramer , looking shocked , asked Burnett .
" They are slaughtering them , " Burnett replied .
She also complained the meat and milk from the camels would be wasted .
" Apparently there is $ 1 billion of meat out there , " Burnett said .
" Are they going to do anything with it ? " Cramer asked .
" No .
They 're just slaughtering them , " she said .
" That 's genocide .
Camelcide , " Cramer commented .
Burnett then told Cramer she hoped Australians would see her segment .
" I hope they have this on in the morning in Australia , " she said .
As the discussion came to a close the photo of Rudd re-appeared on the screen .
" There he is , " Burnett said .
" That is the man who approved it . "
Burnett is a former anchor with Bloomberg TV and a vice - president at financial company Citigroup .
She has a loyal male following in the US and is a favourite of US men 's magazine Maxim .
In 2007 she posed for a risque photo shoot for Maxim that included a topless cover .
She also made Maxim 's top 10 Hottest News Anchor list .
- AAP
What is it that makes us good or evil ?
Scientists are daring to investigate this unsettling question , they 're trying to peel back the mask of the psychopathic killer .
These are people who seem to lack any form of conscience , but what is it that separates us regular folk from these terrifying people
Just over 100 years ago a deadly pandemic , known as the Spanish Flu swept across the face of planet Earth , similar enough to Coronavirus ( Covid - 19 ) except for the fact it killed anywhere between 20 and 100 million people .
Potentially far more than World War I immediately preceding it .
Yet until rec
Brandon Tenna was a transgender man from Lincoln , Nebraska in the United States , who was the victim of a violent hate crime in 1993 and was later murdered in Humboldt , Nebraska , alongside Phillip DeVine and Lisa Lambert in what became known as " The Humboldt Murders " .
Brandon 's life and death became the subject of the Academy Award - winning 1999 film called Boys Don ...
Popular This Month :
Poverty in the USA takes us straight to San Diego , California where we meet 54 - year old Maria who after spending the night in her car is about to begin her workday .
It is quickly realized that this car is in fact her home as she no longer has a house to call her own .
She has been sleeping in her va
At a time when British society faces ever - increasing challenges , there is a hidden community in the English countryside who seem to have found the answer to a harmonious life .
There is no crime , debt , or homelessness , none of the children have mobile phones , use social media , or watch television .
T
Just over 100 years ago a deadly pandemic , known as the Spanish Flu swept across the face of planet Earth , similar enough to Coronavirus ( Covid - 19 ) except for the fact it killed anywhere between 20 and 100 million people .
Potentially far more than World War I immediately preceding it .
Yet until rec
What is it that makes us good or evil ?
Scientists are daring to investigate this unsettling question , they 're trying to peel back the mask of the psychopathic killer .
These are people who seem to lack any form of conscience , but what is it that separates us regular folk from these terrifying people
What We 're All About :
Documentary Heaven has been around since 2009 , we are an educational website dedicated solely to bringing you the very best documentary films sourced from all over the internet .
We currently have thousands of free thought - provoking documentaries for you to choose from which fall into a wide range of categories .
It is important to remember that our collection of films have been cultivated in a non-bias fashion , so there may very well be films featured that express opinions you disagree with or perhaps do n’t necessarily condone .
This is okay , and the very reason we have a comments section available , so please know you can express your opinions here freely without the worry of censorship .
DH encourages civilized debate , after all just because there is a documentary on something does n’t necessarily make it a fact .
There can indeed be an ulterior motive or agenda lurking behind any polished documentary so stay vigilant and encourage growth within our community .
That being said we post on an every other day schedule and try to rotate subject matter as much as possible in order to keep things fresh and cater for all audiences .
If you are in any way passionate about documentaries than I have a feeling this is the place for you .
So why not browse the collection , check out our documentary list organized by category , or even see what the top 100 docs featured are .
Loren Goldner 's analysis and overview of the defeated strike and occupation of the Ssangyong Motors plant against job cuts .
The Ssangyong Motor Company strike and plant occupation in Pyeongtaek , South Korea , ended after 77 days on Aug .
5 . For the 976 workers who seized the small auto plant on May 22 and held it against repeated quasi-military assault , the settlement signed by Ssangyong court receivership manager Park Young - tae and local union president Han Sang - kyun represented a near - total defeat .
Worse still , the surrender was followed by detention and interrogation of dozens of strikers by police , possibly to be followed by felony charges , as well by a massive ( $ 45 million ) lawsuit against the Korean Metal Workers ’ Union and probable further lawsuits against individual strikers for damages incurred during the strike .
The hard - right Korean government of Lee Myong Bak is signaling with these measures — its latest and most dramatic “ take no prisoners ” victory over popular protest in the past year and a half -- its intention to steamroller any potential future resistance to its unabashed rule on behalf of big capital .
The Ssangyong strike echoed in many ways the dynamic seen in the recent Visteon struggle in the UK and in battles over auto industry restructuring around the world .
Involving , on the other hand , an outright factory seizure and occupation , and subsequent violent defense of the plant against the police , thugs and scabs , it was the first struggle of its kind in South Korea for years .
Its defeat — one in a long series of defeats extending over years — does not bode well for future resistance .
Ssangyong Motor Company was taken over three years ago by China ’s Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation , which holds 51 % ownership .
At the time , the Pyeongtaek plant ( located about 45 minutes from Seoul ) had 8700 employees ; by the time of the strike , it had only 7000 .
In February the company filed for bankruptcy , proposing a restructuring and offering the Pyeongtaek plant as collateral for further loans to re-emerge from bankruptcy .
The court approved the bankruptcy plan , pending adequate layoffs to make the company profitable again .
The management strategy seems to have been a long - term whittling down of personnel combined with acquisition of technology for operations in China .
Since the Shanghai Automotive takeover , there has been no new investment at Ssangyong Motors , and no new car model launched .
( Korean prosecutors have raised questions over the legality of the technology transfer to China , since the technology in question was developed with Korean government subsidies , but to date no legal action has been taken . )
In December 2008 there was also a brief job action protesting this technology transfer .
Following the decision of the bankruptcy court , workers at the plant responded in April with warning strikes against pending layoffs .
This evolved on May 22 into a full strike , plant takeover and occupation by 1700 workers when the list of workers to be laid off was announced .
The strike focused on three main demands : 1 ) no layoffs 2 ) no casualization and 3 ) no outsourcing .
The company wanted to force 1700 workers into early retirement and has fired 300 casuals .
The Ssangyong workers are organized in the Korean Metal Workers Union ( KMWU ) and have worked an average of 15 - 20 years in the factory .
A regular worker earns a base pay of approximately 30,000,000 won ( currently ca. $ 25,000 ) per year ; a casual earns about 15,000,000 for the same work .
( In Korea , the base pay is only part of the salary , which includes benefits –for regular workers — as well as significant overtime paid at a higher rate , often 10 hours a week and accepted , or even desired , by most workers as a necessary income supplement . )
As of mid-June , about 1000 workers were continuing the occupation , with wives and families providing food .
About 5000 workers not slated for layoff stayed at home , and about 1000 supervisory staff scabbed , mainly maintaining machines , though no cars were produced once the occupation began .
There was in the early weeks little mass police presence in Pyeongtaek .
This was due at least in part to the ongoing political crisis in South Korea following the recent suicide of ex-president Noh Mu Hyeon and subsequent large - scale demonstrations expressing growing outrage against the current right - wing government of Lee Myong Bak .
The Lee government , elected in December 2007 on a program of high economic growth and already somewhat discredited by repeated blatant measures in favor of the wealthy and by the world crisis , was initially taken aback by the depth of outrage revealed in demonstrations mobilizing up to one million people .
After the unleashing of riot police following Noh ’s funeral provoked further outrage and brought more people to the streets , the government was at first unwilling to risk further disenchantment by an early assault on the Pyeongtaek factory .
On June 16 , a large anti-strike rally of more than 1500 people was held outside the factory gates .
The rally was attended by the 1000 supervisory scabs , 200 hired thugs and 300 workers not on the layoff list and not supporting the strike .
400 riot police stood by , doing nothing , and finally declared the scab assembly illegal , apparently due to fear that the occupying workers and their supporters might attack it .
During the scab rally , about 700 - 800 workers from nearby factories , such as the Kia Motor company , had come to defend the Ssangyong plant , in part in response to a text message tree of the KMWU .
The occupying workers made plans for armed defense against any police attempt to recapture the plant , stocking iron pipes and Molotov cocktails .
As a further fallback plan , they prepared to concentrate in the paint department , where the flammable materials ( in their estimate ) would dissuade the police from firing tear gas cannisters and setting off a conflagration .
( This calculation did prove correct , as we shall see , but it ultimately proved of no avail . )
I spoke to one activist participating in the occupation and critical of the role of the union .
In his view , the KMWU remained in control of the strike .
However , in contrast to role of the unions in the Visteon struggle in the UK and in the dismantling of the US auto industry , the KMWU supported the illegal actions of seizing the plant and preparing for its armed defense .
On the other hand , in negotiations with the company , it concentrated on the demand for no layoffs and soft - pedaled the demands for job security for all and against out - sourcing .
The core occupation of the plant was powered by 50 or 60 rank - and - file groups of 10 workers each , who in turn elected a delegate ( chojang ) for coordinated action .
According to the same critical activist , these chojang are the most combative and class - conscious workers .
Once again , the Ssangyong strike initially benefited from a favorable political climate , which put the Korean government on the back foot , but it is up against the deep crisis of the world auto industry and the world economic crisis generally .
The nearby Kia Motor Company plant was itself in the middle of critical negotiations for crisis measures , and GM - Daewoo is being hit with the world reorganization of GM .
The company strategy , as in the case of Visteon , has been at best slow attrition ( already underway since 2006 ) or even an outright closing of the plant .
In late June , the government and company dropped their wait - and - see attitude and began to go on the offensive .
On June 22 , stiff lawsuits had already been filed against 190 strikers .
A few days later , one fired and heavily - indebted worker committed suicide .
The broader social and political climate continued to harden , with groups ranging from school teachers to monks attacking the government ’s accelerating drift to the right , and the forces of order , led by the ruling Hanaradang ( Grand National )
Party , branded such critics as sympathizers of North Korea .
Demonstrations of strike supporters took place periodically in Seoul and in Pyeongtaek , but rarely assembled more than a few thousand people .
On June 26th - 27th a serious government and employer attack on the plant resumed , as hired thugs , scabs recruited from the workers not slated for firing , and riot police tried to enter the factory .
They secured the main building after violent fighting in which many people were injured .
The occupying workers retreated to the paint sector , which was part of the ( above - mentioned ) strategy .
( In January , five people in Seoul died in another fire set off during a confrontation with police , sparking weeks of outrage . ) .
On the following day , the company issued a statement declaring that there had been enough violence , but in reality in recognition of the tenacious worker resistance , and police and thugs were withdrawn .
The company urged the government to involve itself directly in negations .
Ever since the attack of the 26th - 27th , aimed at isolating Ssangyong ’s struggle and breaking the strike , solidarity actions outside the plant were attempting to build broader support .
These included a street campaign , mainly from family organizations in the center of Seoul and in the Pyeongtaek area , and a 4 - hour general strike by the KMWU during which metal workers from nearby plants rallied in front of Ssangyong factory gate .
Then , on July 1 , all water was cut off , which in the hot and humid Korean summer ultimately forced workers to trap rain water as they could and make improvised toilets from barrels when all toilets backed up .
All access to the plant was blocked and negotiations collapsed .
On July 4th , and July 11 the KCTU ( Korean Confederation of Trade Unions ) held nationwide labor rallies in support of the Ssangyong ’s struggle .
These actions were , however , poorly attended and the leadership of the KMWU hesitated in declaring an all - out strike in response to the attacks on the plant .
Activists think the KMWU and KCTU leaderships were more preoccupied with upcoming union elections .
( 927 activists also held a one –day hunger strike in the center of Seoul on July 11 . )
( From my experience in Korea over the past four years , these are largely ritual actions which rarely influence the outcome of a struggle , except as barometers of weakness and isolation . )
Finally , on July 16 , 3,000 KMWU members gathered to support the Ssangyong strike in front of the Pyeongtaek City Hall .
When they tried to move to the factory after the rally , they were blocked by police and 82 workers were arrested on the spot .
During one subsequent ( and failed ) attempt to reach the plant gate with food and water , company thugs went out of their way to break every bottle of water .
The gloves really came off on Monday July 20 .
Here is the military situation as described by a worker from nearby Kia Motor Company who came , with hundreds of others , to help defend the plant against an attack by 3000 police , thug and scabs :
When we finished night shift work at 5:30 this morning , we went to Pyeongtaek to the front gate of the Ssangyong factory where the struggles were going on , just as they had on the previous day .
By 9:00 or 10:00 AM many buses loaded with riot police were arriving at the gate , as well as approximately 20 fire - fighting vehicles as well .
While 2,000 riot police were trying to get near the paint plant , the workers responded with slingshots and sometimes Molotov cocktails .
A catapult using bolts and nuts had a range of 200-300 meters and was effective .
Tires placed in an effort to defend the plant were burning , and the black smoke covered the sky over the factory .
The company had cut off water and gas supplies and enforced a blockade on all material for workers from outside , including medical supplies .
The company seems to have as a first strategy wearing people down to get them to leave the paint plant spontaneously .
Later that day , a police helicopter was spreading tear gas against workers who were fighting on the housetops .
On 21 July , the KCTU declared a general strike from July 22nd to the 24th , and scheduled a nationwide labor rally on Saturday July 25th .
The KMWU announced partial strikes on the 22nd and 24th in support of the Pyeongtaek strike and of ongoing negotiations .
These strikes , which the KCTU in particular is in the habit of calling with neither follow - through or serious support , remained scattered and ineffective .
The same Kia worker , fighting police at the plant gate , reported these events as follows on July 22 : .
Starting July 20th , with a court order , more than 3,000 riot police , including a ranger unit , had tried to seize the plant and ordered workers out of the factory .
After the workers rejected this order , the police launched an attack against occupying workers for 7 consecutive days , and this attack also involved hired thugs and scabs from workers not laid off .
The police are conducting round - the - clock ideological propaganda , and a police helicopter is flying low to prevent workers from sleeping and to unnerve them .
They have cut off the supplies of water and and gas and are refusing factory entry to humanitarian medical help .
( Electricity has been left on to prevent paint and other flammable materials in the paint plant from decomposing . )
From the 21st onward , the police have been dropping tear gas from helicopters onto workers struggling on the roof of the paint sector .
That gas includes a toxic material that can melt sponge rubber .
Intermittently , when the riot police try to get into the paint plant , they use a special gun firing 50,000 volts and nails , while the scabs are using slingshots from the building opposite .
Naturally , we are fighting the police with iron pipes and Molotov cocktails on the street in front of the factory to defend the strike .
By the end of July , the approximately 700 workers left in the plant were eating a rice ball with salt instead of regular meals , and drinking boiled rain .
Though many workers had been injured during the fight , they resolutely continued their struggle .
On Jul. 20th , one union official ’s wife committed suicide at her home .
Even though her husband was not laid off , he participated in the struggle despite several threats from management .
His wife was just 29 years old .
Thus far five people have died or committed suicide in as a result of this struggle .
On July 25 , the KCTU held a rally in front of the Pyeongteck railway station .
After that rally , the workers and other participants , armed with iron pipes and stones from the sidewalk , fought against riot police , while attempting to march to the Ssangyong factory gate .
A brutal attack by police forced us to retreat from the front of the factory .
Struggles continued late into the night on the streets of Pyeongtaek .
We of the KMWU are scheduled to launch a 6 - hour general strike on July 29th but as you know , it is so difficult to mobilize all union members to participate in such a strike .
Management has been seeking the moral high ground , claiming they may be forced into bankruptcy .
Amid growing pressure from some civic organizations , and some congressman , management and the Ssangyong union were scheduled to meet on July 25th .
But the management cancelled that meeting unilaterally , for the sole reason ( they claimed ) that the workers still throwing bolts and that they could not accept the union ’s demand of no layoffs but with all dismissed workers rotating on unpaid temporary retirement .
The management rejected union ’s concession , and said that they will only accept layoffs .
On July 27 , the Ssangyong workers held a press conference and another rally in front of the paint plant , escaping for a while the suffocating atmosphere inside .
The demands of that rally were : 1 ) Withdrawal of the police
2 ) Direct negotiation with management and government
3 ) Release of the results of the investigation into illegal effluence resulting from the use of hybrid diesel engine technology .
Finally I ’ll finish this , referring to the last part of the press conference ; “ …. We have been doing our best to solve this dispute with the principle of peaceful settlement with dialogue .
Nevertheless , if this kind of brutal , deadly repression continues , we openly declare our resolute will to fight to the death ..
Those of us in here will show our determination to die to the world not only as workers but also as human beings .
We will fight unflinchingly and regain our rights and return to our homes at last .
In the daily fighting from July 20 to July 27 , the police , thugs and scabs had recaptured the entire plant with the exception of the paint department .
Large contingents of police massed in the building next door , a few yards from the paint department entrance .
After renewed negotiations broke down again over the weekend of Aug. 1 - 2 , electricity to the paint department was finally cut off , forcing the occupying workers to use candlelight at night .
The final battle began on Aug. 3 and continued through the 5th .
100 strikers had left the occupation throughout the night ( many out of disgust at the ruthlessness of the state and company 's violence ) .
In the final negotiations , the local union president agreed to early retirement ( i.e. layoff with severance pay ) for 52 % of the occupiers , with 48 % furlough for one year without pay , after which they will be rehired , economic conditions permitting .
The company will also pay a 550,000 won monthly subsidy for one year to some workers transferred to sales positions .
In the ensuing days , insult was piled on injury with detention and pending indictments of scores of workers , and a 500,000,000 won ( $ 45,000,000 US ) lawsuit by the company against the KMWU .
As indicated , further individual lawsuits , possible under Korean labor law which have left striking workers destitute in the past , may follow .
The company claims 316 billion won ( $ 258.6 million ) damages and about 14,600 vehicles in lost production due to the strike .
This calculated vengeance by the government and the company shows a clear escalation of a general offensive against all possible opposition .
A year before , in summer 2008 , the 12 - month strike at the E - Land department stores went down to defeat .
Of the 10,000 employees who had struck in summer 2007 , many returned to their jobs , accepting the miserable offer they had initially rejected , Others had already moved on to other jobs .
The E - Land employees had repeatedly sat in and occupied stores , and on several occasions fought off police and thugs attempting to escort strikebreakers into stores .
Nevertheless , following the defeat , nothing like the reprisals coming down on the Ssangyong workers occurred .
The Lee Myong Bak government of the Hanaradang Party has important roots in the 1961 - 1979 dictatorship of Park Chung - hee , which were the glory years of Korea ’s emergence as the first Asian tiger .
Park ’s daughter was only narrowly edged out by Lee to become the party ’s presidential candidate in 2007 .
More broadly , a rose - tinted view of the Park dictatorship , focused on its economic dynamism and downplaying or ignoring its brutal repression , has become widespread in Korean society in recent years , fueled by the spotty growth since the early 1990 ’s and above all since the 1997 - 98 financial meltdown when Korea came under the control of the IMF .
( One of the IMF ’s main conditions for its $ 57 billion bailout was a major increase in the casualization of workers . )
The Lee government not only repealed a tax on luxury real estate transactions imposed by the previous Noh government , but it refunded the tax money collected in those years .
During the Ssangyong strike , it also pushed through a much - contested media law , which will allow a Rupert Murdoch - type consolidation of the media by a few large conglomerates , wiping out smaller and more critical outlets .
Korea ’s notorious National Security Law , passed in 1948 during the civil war preceding the Korean War during which hundreds of thousands of leftists were killed , remains in force and has been recently used to arrest socialist groups for the simple fact of being socialist , as well as book dealers selling ostensibly pro-North Korean books .
The Ssangyong defeat cannot be attributed merely to the lame role of the KMWU national organization , which from the beginning allowed the negotiations to be channeled in a narrow focus on “ no layoffs ” .
( By contrast , the local union president , who ultimately signed the surrender document , stayed in the occupied plant right to the end , even though he was not on the layoff list . )
Nor can the defeat be fully explained by the atmosphere of economic crisis .
Both of these factors undoubtedly played a major role .
But above and beyond their undeniable impact , it is the year - in , year - out rollback of the Korean working class , above all through casualization , which now affects more than 50 % of the work force .
Thousands of workers from nearby plant did repeatedly aid the Ssangyong strike , but it was not enough .
The defeat of the Ssangyong strikers , despite their heroism and tenacity , will only deepen the reigning demoralization until a strategy is developed that can mobilize sufficiently broad layers of support , not merely to fight these defensive battles but to go on the offensive .
And , we 're done !
The dust has settled on the 2009 Evo ( fighting game ) Championships in Vegas , and a winner has emerged .
That winner ?
None other than Street Fighting legend Daigo " The Beast " Umehara .
Advertisement
Evo 09 Finals are Today ; See Them Here All times are U.S. Pacific Daylight , which means the broadcast has begun right now .
Here 's your …
Read more
A few readers were at the event , and pinged us to let us know that he defeated long - time adversary Justin Wong at Street Fighter IV in the final .
The victory follows on from Daigo 's win over Wong , the US champ , at the recent World Street Fighter IV finals , so yeah , guy 's on a hot streak right now .
Advertisement
This image was lost some time after publication .
Terry's Blog " />
For the last 14 months we ’ve been developing an application to replace 90000 lines of PHP code .
Rewriting the application from scratch to support I18N and many of the enhancements it needed was deemed to be a better long term solution .
When that project was first started , I spent a month with Django and a month with Turbogears writing the same test application so that I could compare the development cycle .
Both have matured and I needed to do a rapid turnaround on another project .
I decided to give Django another look since it had hit version 1.0 and had added quite a few features that were missing in my preliminary evaluation .
What follows is a discussion of the major points from both of the frameworks .
Turbogears has excellent form handling .
Except for the Forms Wizard in Django , working with forms is much easier in Turbogears .
Validation of the form and the resulting database update methods are much cleaner in Turbogears .
Django , while slightly more complex in handling form input , does handle things with a single function which might enhance readability in a large project .
Database handling through SQL Alchemy in Turbogears is much better than the database methods in Django .
Yes , you can use SQL Alchemy in Django now , but , their default ORM has plenty of room for improvement .
Turbogears is true MVC .
Their terminology and methods are true to the paradigm set forth by Smalltalk .
Django is MVC , but they call it MTV , Model , Template , View .
The differences are slight and the developers of both have made good decisions .
Adapting to either project ’s methods is quick and not a hindrance .
Django ’s definitely wins with Authentication / Authorization .
Methods to handle registration , user creation , login and forgotten passwords are built in and wrapped with very nice templates that can be overridden .
For Turbogears , repoze . who and repoze .
what have been pulled from Plone and put into place .
While Turbogears works with repoze , the decisions made and the lack of full support behind it make it difficult to implement .
Django feels faster .
Comparing 14 months of development in Turbogears on an application to an application written in Django this week , the template engine , database access and pageload time seemed faster .
Django is a lighter weight framework and you are closer to the data .
Turbogears puts a little more insulation in which makes some coding easier at the expense of performance .
Maintainability of code would have to go to Turbogears .
IBM once stated that the maximum number of bugfree lines of code that could be written was 23 .
With Turbogears , much of the heavy lifting is handled by widgets and decorators and your model resulting in a smaller codebase .
Django requires more code to do the same task unless you utilize some of the snippets .
Turbogears makes certain assumptions and has wrapped many of the libraries that make development easy in the default installation .
Django ’s default installation lacks those decisions , but , you are not prevented from establishing your own middleware .
If you were developing a number of Django projects , you would pick and choose snippets that would replicate the decisions that Turbogears has already made .
URL Mapping is much easier to implement with Django .
While routes support in Turbogears is present , Django ’s regexp mapping is much easier to manipulate .
Community , hands down , Django wins .
With a much larger installed base , bugs are found and fixed much more quickly .
While Turbogears was founded on loftier principles , execution and follow through are lacking .
Development is done when it is needed by a client project in the core group of developers .
There is a definite air of condescension when the project developers handle questions from potential developers .
With Django , there are people of all experience levels willing to help on groups .
google , IRC , and thorough documentation that far exceeds most of the open source documentation out there .
Documentation , again , Django .
Well organized , well thought out and well documented examples on Django ’s part show dedication to having a framework that is well understood and well used .
Turbogears recently moved to Sphinx , but , documentation generated from poorly documented code still means poor documentation .
The tutorials and examples have been improving , but , they have a long way to go .
Genshi and Mako are supported fairly well with Turbogears and are both very good engines .
Jinja is also supported which is a bit faster than Genshi and is powerful and very easy to work with .
Django ’s template language is also very flexible , powerful and easy to work with .
Django had some definite advantages with a simpler language , but , neither Django or Turbogears stood out as a clear winner .
If you were looking to write an extremely heavy database or form involved site , I think Turbogears would be a good solution .
If you choose Turbogears , be prepared to delve into the code when you are faced with problems .
Bugs are not dealt with very promptly even though upgrades are pushed out .
Be prepared to patch upgraded packages or hold certain packages once you move into production .
On the other hand , if you are writing a less complicated application , Django would be a good choice .
All told , the application developed this week in Django took about 12 hours and had I been working with Django for the last 14 months , I would estimate the project to have taken roughly 8 hours .
Developed in Turbogears , I probably could have written it in 6 hours .
PHP , to mimic all of the functionality would have taken 14 - 16 hours even using one of the numerous frameworks .
There is a definite advantage to using a framework and Python frameworks do appear to offer Rapid Application Development even over most of the PHP frameworks .
For me , new development will probably be done in Django unless there is a strong case to use Turbogears .
* Turbogears 2.0
* Django
* Django Snippets
Tags : django , php , Python , RAD , rapid application development , turbogears
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement North Korean leader Kim Jong-il has life - threatening pancreatic cancer , South Korean TV news channel YTN says .
Quoting unidentified sources from both South Korea and China , the report said the disease gives Kim Jong - il a maximum life expectancy of five years .
YTN said Mr Kim was diagnosed with the illness last year , about the same time he was reported to have had a stroke .
Mr Kim , 67 , was seen last week looking gaunt and walking with a limp , fuelling more speculation about his health .
The rare public appearance was at a memorial on 8 July to mark the 15th anniversary of his father 's death .
It has been widely reported that Mr Kim 's third son , Kim Jong - un , is being groomed as heir , although Pyongyang has made no announcement .
Nuclear talks
The latest reports on the state of his health come as nuclear negotiators from China and South Korea opened talks in Seoul about how to handle the threat from the North .
PANCREATIC CANCER
The pancreas is a long gland below the stomach producing digestive enzymes and hormones Tumours tend to produce few symptoms and the disease is often not noticed until well advanced Equally common in men and women Majority of cases occur in people over 70
In depth : pancreatic cancer The United Nations stepped up sanctions against the North after its nuclear and missile tests of May .
" What is important is that the two sides have frank and in - depth consultations , " Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Wu Dawei was reported as saying by South Korea 's Yonhap news agency .
He was meeting Wi Sung - lac , the South Korean special representative for Korean Peninsula peace and security affairs .
Mr
Wu , who chairs the international talks on the North 's nuclear programme , arrived in Seoul on Sunday .
He had already visited Russia , the United States , and Japan which , with the two Koreas and China , make up the six - party negotiations .
These talks faltered last year when North Korea and the US could not agree on verification procedures to asses the full extent of the North 's programmes .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
You have probably heard the horror stories about President Barack Obama 's health - care proposals leading to rationed care and bankrupt businesses and governments .
Those claims are flat wrong .
The real horror story is not what health - care reform will bring .
It 's what 's already happening .
There has been a lot of talk about the 47 million Americans who do not have health insurance .
But health - care reform is just as important to the majority of Americans who have health insurance now .
Absent reform , the price of an average family 's ...
June 16 , 2009  --
The CIA has reportedly cut its ties to the two psychologists credited for being the architects of the CIA 's brutal interrogation program after 9/11 , a news report said yesterday .
Dr. James Mitchell and Dr. Bruce Jessen , who suggested and supervised waterboarding at secret prisons around the world have been told their services are no longer needed .
Mitchell and Jessen , according to their associates , boasted of being paid $ 1,000 a day by the CIA to oversee the use of the technique on top al Qaeda suspects .
Their firings came during a purge by CIA Director Leon Panetta of all contractors involved in the interrogation program .
In early April , Panetta told CIA employees that contractors involved in the interrogation program and secret prisons were being " promptly terminated . "
Mitchell and Jessen , who created a consulting company called Mitchell & Jessen Associates , are among the most public contractors who were let go .
According to the most recent issue of the New Yorker , the psychologists had their contract renewed by the agency just weeks earlier , after President Obama took office , but before Panetta was confirmed as the new director .
Click here to see Jessen refusing to talk to ABC News .
Click here to see Mitchell refusing to talk to ABC News .
The company had at least 120 employees as of 2007 , according to a recent Senate investigation .
One former military psychologist tells ABC News that Mitchell & Jessen charged the CIA roughly $ 500,000 a year for their services .
It was this source 's understanding that the money was largely tax - free and did not include expenses , which the agency also paid for .
In April , ABC News reported that neither Mitchell nor Jessen , both former military psychologists , who were part of a military training program that taught U.S. soldiers how to withstand harsh interrogation techniques , had any experience in conducting actual interrogations before they were hired by the CIA .
The two , and later with additional employees , however , recommended so - called " enhanced interrogation techniques . "
Obama and Cheny Disagree on ' Torture '
Air Force Colonel Steve Kleinman , a former colleague of both Mitchell and Jessen and an expert interrogator , told ABC News that the two knew virtually nothing about conducting interrogations .
" They went to two individuals who had no interrogation experience , " said Col. Kleinman .
" They are not interrogators . "
The Obama administration has repeatedly said the regimen the CIA applied to top terrorism suspects was " torture . "
In his second full day in office , President Obama signed an executive order to halt all the techniques and close all CIA secret prisons .
Since then , however , the uproar over the Bush Administration counter - terrorism policies and CIA tactics have flared up .
Former Vice President Richard B. Cheney has publically lashed out at the new administration .
In a series of television interviews and speeches , Cheney has accused Obama of making the country less safe and more likely to get attacked by terrorism because he closed down the CIA prison system and the Mitchell and Jessen interrogation program .
CIA director Leon Panetta told the New Yorker magazine recently that he believes Cheney was playing " gallows politics . "
Panetta said , " It 's almost as if he 's wishing that this country would be attacked again , in order to make his point .
I think that 's dangerous politics . "
Mitchell and Jessen were headquartered for several years in Spokane , Washington , near a U.S. military base that served as their respective offices while serving in the military .
Their unassuming downtown office has recently been vacated , according to ProPublica .
Calls to their listed office number are now disconnected .
Neither Mitchell nor Jessen would speak to ABC News citing non-disclosure agreements with the CIA .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
Murder suspects are either convicted or acquitted at trial based on the prosecution 's presentation of EVIDENCE which usually hinges on MOTIVE , OPPORTUNITY , and TIME - LINES combined with physical documents .
To gather such hard evidence , detectives and / or federal agents often spend months following leads and interviewing witnesses .
In the trial phase , re-creating the sequence of events is essential .
I submit this paper will provide more than enough hard evidence to at least result in a series of criminal indictments of charges of MASS MURDER , and CONSPIRACY TO COMMIT WORLD GENOCIDE against Novartis Pharmaceutical principals and agents and others .
PRIMARY MOTIVE
The Primary Motive behind this alleged criminal activity is also the primary cause of most murders in the world today , and that motivation is simply : BIG MONEY .
Billions of Dollars of windfall profits from government contracts worldwide , as a matter of fact .
I will provide evidence that will show that Novartis Pharmaceuticals of Basel , Switzerland has conspired with corrupt " scientists " at the U.S. Army Institute of Pathology ­ Ft. Detrick , Maryland , to create a " novel " strain of weaponized " influenza " virus by means of " reverse engineering " the deadly 1918 killer strain ­ which strain was maliciously and surreptitiously released upon the world in March and April of 2009 for the primary purpose of creating a panic - stricken world - wide demand for Novartis vaccine material .
The evidence will also clearly show that the Novartis vaccine material is in reality designed to facilitate the further mutation of the pandemic into more lethal waves of increasingly virulent and deadly disease , rather than to curtail and limit the existing outbreak .
The evidence will show that Novartis is willingly being used , ( and extremely well - paid ) to facilitate the edicts of the global elite 's Club of Rome ; which edicts clearly call for a massive and sudden depopulation of certain segments of the earth 's human population .
PRIMARY EVIDENCE
To realize such windfall profits on an engineered , global flu pandemic , detailed covert planning must take place of course .
Patents protecting the proprietary flu vaccine must be applied for and secured before the pandemic virus is released in order to minimize the competition and maximize the profit potentials .
In a biological attack of this nature , timing is extremely critical .
Indeed , the evidence is clear ­ Novartis applied for just such a patent on Nov. 4 , 2005 , and the U.S. Patent Office accepted this application and granted US 20090047353A1 for a " Split Influenza Vaccine with Adjuvants " on February 19 , 2009 .
( See bottom of page ) .
With this patent now secured , the conspirators were now free to create the demand for their " novel " split influenza vaccine by releasing a " novel " split - influenza ( combining multiple viruses ) pandemic virus from a weapons lab test - tube into unsuspecting human hosts .
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2009/06/17/AR2009061703271.html
The so - called " Swine Flu " grabbing headlines today is actually a recombinant , or " split - influenza " virus consisting of A - strain Bird - Flu ( H5N1 ) , Swine Flu ( H1N1 ) and multiple strains of human flu ( H3N2 ) .
Likewise , the 1918 Killer Flu that killed untold millions of people was a recombinant or " split - influenza " virus composed of Bird flu , Swine Flu , and multiple strains of human flu .
CRIMINAL TIMELINE
The criminal timeline begins in 1997 , when Dr. Jeffrey Taubenberger assembled a team of geneticists and microbiologists to analyze the genome structure , and then to REPRODUCE ( i.e. reverse engineer ) what is arguably one of the most deadly viral structures the world has ever been cursed with ­ the 1918 killer flu virus .
According to numerous published stories and reports , Taubenberger and his team utilized super - computers to map the complex RNA and DNA structures of the killer virus , then utilized human plasmids to successfully re-create the 1918 killer .
Taubenberger completed his work in early 2005 , then immediately left the employ of the U.S. Army at Ft. Detrick to take a much more lucrative position with the National Institutes of Health .
His new focus was to create a VACCINE against the very same 1918 killer flu that he and his team had , just months earlier , successfully " reverse engineered " and created .
This researcher is very confident that a focused criminal investigation would likely reveal prima facia evidence that Taubenberger was in reality working for Novartis while employed with the N.I.H. ­ and was quite likely the primary author of Novartis ' Nov. 6 , 2005 " provisional " patent application .
On page 2 , paragraph 32 of the patent publication we read , quote : " The influenza virus [ that the ' invention vaccine ' is designed to protect against ] may be a reassortant strain , and may have been obtained by reverse genetics techniques .
Reverse genetics techniques allow influenza viruses with desired genome segments to be prepared in vitro using plasmids . "
The remnant of the paragraph then goes into very specific detail as to the actual mechanics of how the pandemic virus was actually created by Taubenberger 's Ft. Detrick team .
At the very least , the author of the patent application had to have studied Taubenberger 's various published reports on his work at Detrick , for the wording and science is virtually verbatim .
Furthermore , this paragraph is even more damning by the words " may have been obtained " .
Who " obtained " this virus and for what reason was it " obtained " ?
Keep in mind the CDC and HHS would have Americans believe that the pandemic viral outbreak is totally a " natural " occurrence ­ if so then how could Novartis have such an incredible advance knowledge to the point of developing a vaccine with such absolutely PERFECT TIMING ???
WHO EXACTLY IS " NOVARTIS " ??
Novartis International AG is simply the world 's largest , multi-national pharmaceutical company with over $ 53 Billion USD revenue generated in 2008 .
It 's headquarters is located in Basel , Switzerland , home of the vaunted " Swiss Guards " who provide all security measures for the Vatican and the Club of Rome .
The company logo symbolizes the " eternal flame " of the Illuminati " enlightened ones " .
Dig into Novartis International AG 's long history , and one finds that it began as a component of the infamous I.G. Farben combine , which in turn was primarily responsible for the rise of Adolph Hitler and the German / Austrian Third Reich .
Dig a bit deeper and you find that Novartis also wholly owns a company called Sandoz ­ which was the inventor of LSD and other strong hallucinogenic " truth " drugs , and was the supplier of LSD to the CIA allowing them to scale new heights with their covert " MK ULTRA " mind control experiments .
Documents released to U.S. Congressional investigators in 1977 show that Sandoz Labs had arranged for certain Nazi scientists to gain new identities in Allen Dulles ' CIA at the conclusion of WWII .
This was accomplished under a secret extraction program called " Operation Paper Clip " .
The address listed on the Novartis Patent applications is a P.O. Box in Emeryville , California .
Up until the summer of 2005 , this Emeryville California address belonged to Chiron Inc . ­ the world 's second - largest INFLUENZA VACCINE MANUFACTURER .
Chiron was doing very well , with reported sales of $ 357 million in fiscal 2002 .
Chiron 's sales nearly doubled , peaking at a whopping $ 678 million in 2003 ­ and it was mostly due to the marketing and sale of FLU VACCINE CONTRACTS to the federal government .
Novartis , which owned much of Chiron 's stock , was very pleased , until disaster struck in 2004 --- the entire year 's stock of flu vaccine was found to be contaminated and was condemned .
Stock values plummeted on the news .
With the stock at a historic low , Novartis quickly purchased the remainder of Chiron 's stock and began immediately to work on the massive " novel pandemic flu " vaccine that they somehow knew would soon have worldwide demand ­ especially if they controlled the exclusive patent they could effectively " corner the pandemic flu vaccine market " !!
http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2005/09/02/BUGULEGTV61.DTL&type=business
OTHER CRIMINAL ACTIVITIES
I would submit that killing tens of thousands of innocent humans via the systemic creation of a " pandemic " in order to make billions of dollars is vile enough , but there is also evidence that there is an even more heinous hidden agenda at work here , and it is spelled GENOCIDE .
It is no mystery that Adolph Hitler advocated the elevation of a Nordic " Master Race " that would rule the world in a " New Order of the Ages " called the " Third Reich " .
Sadly , not all of the EUGENIC / GENOCIDAL National Socialists were executed at Nuremburg .
In reality , the elite financiers that actually dictated the agenda to Hitler , merely went underground , willing to bide their time until their godless agenda to liquidate BILLIONS of people could be successfully implemented .
The evidence that the Novartis - controlled " Pandemic Vaccine " may well be a tool of mass genocide , is actually quite overwhelming .
At this point , some readers may scoff and ask : " Why would any company want to kill off their customers ? "
The answer is that these " customers " control large blocks of assets and equity .
As Kissinger 's " NSSM - 200 " report outlines , the " spoils " of genocide include controlling large tracts of land and mineral assets .
This is secondary , of course , to their warped dream of creating a Utopian World Order with only 500 million " worthy " humans allowed to share in it .
WHAT'S THE EVIDENCE ?
While George H.W. Bush was busy saving the world from the evil dictator Saddam Hussein in 1991 , pursuant to his U.N. speech to create a " new world order " an agenda for an " Initiative for Eco - 92 Earth Charter " elitist meeting happened to fall into honest , Christian hands .
This agenda basically reiterated the genocide outlined in Henry Kissinger 's infamous NSSM - 200 report of 1974 , and called for " the immediate reduction of world population . "
The entire report can be downloaded at : http://www.theforbiddenknowledge.com/hardtruth/cobden_club.htm
My extensive research shows that by 1992 , the massive death rate of AIDS had simply not materialized to the Elite 's satisfaction , and a more efficient mass killer had to be engineered in order to fulfill the edicts cut into the " Georgia Guidestones " .
Evidence shows that like the 2009 " Novel " Flu Virus the HIV virus was also engineered and manufactured in the labs of Ft. Detrick .
In 1969 , during a House Appropriations Committee hearing , the Defense Department 's Biological Warfare ( BW ) division at Ft. Detrick requested funds to develop , through complex gene - splicing ( i.e. genetic engineering ) a " novel " new disease that would both be resistant to , and break down a victim 's immune system .
The Congressional Record reads : " Within the next 5 to 10 years it would probably be possible to make a new infective micro-organism which could differ in certain important respects from any known disease - causing organisms .
Most important of these is that it might be refractory to the immunological and therapeutic processes upon which we depend to maintain our relative freedom from infectious diseases . "
The funds for this " Dr. Strangelove " project were somehow approved .
AIDS " magically " appeared within the requested time frame , and of course , just happens to exhibit the exact characteristics specified by the Ft. Detrick scientists .
Three years later , in 1972 , the fledgling World Health Organization ( WHO ) published a very similar proposal to the one submitted to the U.S. House Appropriations Committee in 1969 .
The WHO proposed that : " An attempt should be made to ascertain whether viruses can in fact exert selective effects on immune function , e.g. , by ... affecting T cell function as opposed to B cell function .
The possibility should also be looked into that the immune response to the virus itself may be impaired if the infecting virus damages more or less selectively the immune cells responding to the viral antigens . "
( Bulletin of the W.H.O. , vol. 47 , p 257 - 274 . )
This is a " textbook " clinical description of the function of the HIV / AIDS virus .
The W.H.O. shortly thereafter begins a massive " smallpox vaccination " program in Africa in 1975 .
Within two years , millions of smallpox vaccines are provided by Novartis et. al , under U.N.I.C.E.F. funding .
A decade later , it is determined by independent journalists in the U.K. that the incidence of AIDS infections '
MAPPED AND GRAPHED EPICENTERS in Africa coincided exactly with the locations of the W.H.O. smallpox vaccination program centers in the mid-1970's ( Source , The London Times , May 11 , 1987 ) .
Some 14,000 Haitians then on UN ' humanitarian missions ' to Central Africa were also vaccinated in this campaign , and soon contracted HIV .
Personnel actually conducting the vaccinations of the Haitians maintain they had been completely unaware that the vaccine was anything other than a routine shot .
In 1987 , Dr. Hilleman , head of all vaccine production of Merck Pharmaceuticals stunned the world with his public admissions that the mass vaccination campaigns of the 1950s and '60s likely caused thousands of cancer deaths each year .
This was due to the presence of a cancer - causing virus that contaminated the first polio vaccine , according to Dr. Hilleman .
Known as SV40 , the virus originated from dead monkeys whose kidney cells were used to culture the first Salk vaccines .
Doctors estimate that the virus was injected into tens of millions during the vaccination campaigns , including several million in Canada , before being detected and screened out in 1963 .
Those born between 1941 and 1961 are thought to be most at risk of having been infected with SV40 , and are estimated to have a 300 % greater chance of developing cancer .
According to Hilleman MERCK KNEW THE VACCINES WERE INFECTED WITH SV40 , but distributed them anyway .
See http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=edikv0zbAlU
Furthermore , research doctors in New Orleans reported in 1963 that a percentage of the Salk polio vaccines were found to have attenuated , ( live ) viruses , which actually CAUSED tens of thousands of polio cases during the 1950's .
Following the successful liberation of Kuwait in Operation Desert Storm , hundreds of thousands of victorious American troops are suddenly stricken with a wide variety of auto - immune disorders that doctors named the Gulf War Syndrome , ( GWS ) .
After a decade of medical investigation , the culprit is finally determined to be an ingredient in the anthrax vaccinations mandatorily given to the troops .
This offending " adjuvant " is a synthetic material known as squalene ­ aka , oil - in - water adjuvant .
Writer and Gulf War correspondent Gary Matsumoto documents this entire , tragic saga in his seminal book , " Vaccine - A " .
See www.vaccine-a.com.
Understanding these historical facts is very important for this reason :
Those that ignore history are doomed to repeat it .
This is doubly true when it comes to blindly accepting a " novel " mass vaccination for a weaponized , " reverse engineered " virus .
The historical record is very clear ­ attenuated , live viruses in vaccines SPREAD the disease very effectively .
When combined with SQUALENE ADJUVANT ­ the virus becomes many times more potent and lethal .
When given to CHILDREN IN SCHOOLS , millions of " typhoid Matts and Marys " will be spreading the disease exponentially .
Chillingly , the Novartis patent for the " novel pandemic flu " declares that " African green monkey kidney cells " will be used for the " viral growth substrate " ­ i.e. the carrier medium .
( Page 3 , paragraph 0037 )
We also see that " oil - in - water " squalene - based adjuvants will also be included ( page 8 ­ 0098 ) but most incredible of all , because this is a " recombinant " and " novel " split vaccine , it is deemed necessary to include fragments of attenuated viruses ( i.e. live pathogens ) in the vaccine medium .
On July 13 , 2009 , the W.H.O. sanctioned this lunacy by declaring : " In view of the anticipated limited vaccine availability at global level and the potential need to protect against " drifted " strains of virus , it is recommended that promoting production and use of vaccines such as those that are formulated with oil - in - water adjuvants and live attenuated influenza vaccines is important . "
http://www.who.int/csr/disease/swineflu/notes/h1n1_vaccine_20090713/en/index.html
In conclusion and summation , it should be evident that the " 2009 Swine Flu " could just as easily be called the " Bird Flu " ­ because it is as much H5N1 ( bird flu ) as H1N1 ( pig flu . )
Novartis knew this in 2005 when it received hundreds of millions of dollars from Mike Leavitt 's HHS to develop and patent the " bird flu " vaccine .
I publicly charge that Novartis had advance knowledge of this " combination " because they had been in consultation with Jeffrey Taubenberger for years .
It is further evident that Novartis ' patent provides for " influenza vaccine kits " to be provided to other pharmaceutical manufacturers as well .
These " kits " are the basic raw ingredients needed for the other companies to build their own vaccines under their own label .
In 2005 , this " jobbing " of separate ingredients by multiple companies would never have been allowed because of the legal liability issues involved .
However , in 2009 , all liabilities for death and disability from faulty or contaminated vaccines have been stripped away .
Any wrongful death or disability lawsuits against Novartis or any other company will today be summarily dismissed .
Novartis today has carte blanche blanket immunity for their actions ­ and any large pharmaceutical company who so desires , can join them at the feeding troughs just by paying millions for their " kits " .
If this is n't the pinnacle of criminality , then I do n't know what is .
Novartis , if this " novel split vaccine " is so wonderful and safe , why do you require such blanket protection from litigation ?
Jeff -
As I have written , the smoking gun is found in the pages of this attached patent below .
Novartis admits that their " invented " vaccine will be effective because of ADVANCED KNOWLEDGE CONCERNING THE ORIGINS OF THE PANDEMIC FLU STRAIN THAT WAS " REVERSED ENGINEERED " WHICH WAS OBTAINED !
Clearly the pandemic virus was not an act of nature .
This is prima facia evidence of conspiracy to commit mass murder to get gain , is it not ?
WHAT A STORY .
- True Ott
[ digg- reddit - me ] John P. Judis summarized this theory of the crisis in The New Republic , “ Economists know the fatal flaw in our system – but they ca n’t agree how to fix it . ”
Judis described how America has relied for decades on a “ tortuous financial arrangement that knits together its economy with those of China and Japan ” :
This informal system has allowed Asian countries to run huge export surpluses with the United States , while allowing the United States to run huge budget deficits without having to raise interest rates or taxes , and to run huge trade deficits without abruptly depreciating its currency .
I could n’t find a single instance of Obama discussing this issue , but it has been an obsession of bankers , international economists , and high officials like Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke .
They think this informal system contributed to today ’s financial crisis .
Worse , they fear that its breakdown could turn the looming downturn into something resembling the global depression of the 1930s …
China depends on exports to the United States , and the United States depends on capital from China .
If that special economic relationship breaks down , as it seems to be doing , it could lead to a global recession that could morph into the first depression since the 1930s .
Judis ’s article seems to rely heavily on the analysis of Nouriel Roubini wrote most prolifically on this subject and predicted this system was approaching a crisis point in 2006 .
In a paper written with another prescient economist Brad Setser , Roubini pointed out the instability inherent in a system in which :
The US absorbs at least 80 % of the savings that the rest of the world does not invest at home ….
[ And ]
Social peace in China comes at the expense of political peace in the US .
Historian Niall Ferguson pointed the historical anomaly this represents as :
Usually it ’s the rich country lending to the poor .
This time , it ’s the poor country lending to the rich .
Mark Landler explained the dynamic at work – and how it led to the current crisis – in a New York Times piece that was part of that newspaper ’s “ The Reckoning ” series looking in depth at issues that led to the crisis :
In the past decade , China has invested upward of $ 1 trillion , mostly earnings from manufacturing exports , into American government bonds and government - backed mortgage debt .
That has lowered interest rates and helped fuel a historic consumption binge and housing bubble in the United States …
By itself , money from China is not a bad thing .
As American officials like to note , it speaks to the attractiveness of the United States as a destination for foreign investment .
In the 19th century , the United States built its railroads with capital borrowed from the British .
In the past decade , China arguably enabled an American boom .
Low - cost Chinese goods helped keep a lid on inflation , while the flood of Chinese investment helped the government finance mortgages and a public debt of close to $ 11 trillion .
But Americans did not use the lower - cost money afforded by Chinese investment to build a 21st - century equivalent of the railroads .
Instead , the government engaged in a costly war in Iraq , and consumers used loose credit to buy sport utility vehicles and larger homes .
Banks and investors , eagerly seeking higher interest rates in this easy - money environment , created risky new securities like collateralized debt obligations .
“ Nobody wanted to get off this drug , ” said Senator Lindsey Graham …
As Chinese money flooded into the American market , it created bubbles in which prices were inflated .
The primary beneficiaries of these bubbles were the economic elite whose jobs were not being outsourced or undercut by Chinese manufacturing and who owned stock , housing , or other assets which increased in value due to the added funds sloshing around in the financial system .
The American government similarly benefited from this Bretton Woods II as they were able to engage in wars , increase domestic spending , and lower taxes all at the same time – all without paying a higher interest rate on their deficit spending .
Financial firms made huge amounts of money as the inflow of the world ’s savings bid up the prices of the assets they were buying and selling – and of course , they took the first cut of any profits from the sales – and assessed numerous fees for whatever it was they were doing .
With an excess of capital , borrowing is cheap – which allows firms to make massive leveraged bets – also increasing their profits as well as their risk of being wiped out .
Lower wage workers benefited to a lesser extent as cheap Chinese goods – especially as sold by Wal - Mart – increased their buying power even as their wages stagnated over the past decade .
Coupled with the easy credit resulting from the excess of money in the financial markets , the majority of workers were able to approximate a rising standard of living even as their wages stagnated – undercut by competition from abroad .
Until now – as this whole house of cards is falling apart .
China is hoping the solution is to jump start it ’s own domestic consumption – which might be difficult due to a wariness on the part of many Chinese about their future prospects :
China kicked off its own campaign to encourage domestic consumption , which it hoped would provide a new source .
But Chinese save with the same zeal that , until recently , Americans spent .
Shorn of the social safety net of the old Communist state , they squirrel away money to pay for hospital visits , housing or retirement .
This accounts for the savings glut identified by Mr. Bernanke .
The way things are going now – it seems we ’re screwed unless the Chinese people stop being so responsible thrifty and start spending like drunken American sailors .
A paradox of thrift indeed .
— –
It should be noted that while I – and most of the authors I cite – specifically talk about the Chinese - American relationship , the points being made apply to East Asia in general – especially Japan which has contributed to the imbalance nearly as much as China .
Sorta Related Articles
Like Loading ...
What does Facebook have in common with wireless phone companies like AT&T ?
Both companies try to lock customers in , even if we 'd rather take our business elsewhere .
Facebook is suing Power.com , a company that gives users a tool to pull copies of their own friends lists , postings and other information out of Facebook so that they can aggregate it with their other social networking platforms .
Similarly , CTIA - The Wireless Association , the trade group for the mobile phone industry , is trying to prevent customers of companies like AT&T Wireless and Sprint from taking their own phones with them when they switch providers .
When businesses strive to maintain customer loyalty through improvement to the product or service offered , everyone benefits .
But keeping your audience captive by holding hostage something that is valuable to the customer is bad for users and for innovation .
Facebook users insist on the right to access and delete their own data , as the company learned last month when it modified its terms of use , which had permitted users to remove their content from the site at any time , to give Facebook the right to use the content indefinitely .
After a huge outcry , the company backpedaled , and reinstituted the old terms of service .
But that is n't stopping Facebook from trying to make it as difficult as possible for its customers to access and use their data with other social networking services .
Facebook has sued Power.com , a website that lets users aggregate their friend lists and other data from all their social networking sites in one place .
Facebook 's legal claims include copyright infringement and computer hacking , but the foundation of the suit is the company 's assertion that its terms of service prohibit customers from using automated tools to help them manage their data .
While Facebook should prevent data - miners from scraping personal data , there is no reason other than customer lock - in to stop users from efficiently accessing their own profiles .
If aggregation and migration of your social network information is a tedious manual process , maybe you 'll stay on Facebook even if you 'd rather go elsewhere .
Facebook 's lock - in arguments are especially troubling because of its size .
Facebook has 150 million users , and as its CEO likes to say , if it were a country it would be the eighth largest in the world .
Such an expansive network may feel like a public space to users , but this lawsuit shows that Facebook acts like a private company .
For example , Facebook recently decided to delete some medical marijuana groups it found controversial .
Facebook 's lock - in will make it more difficult for users who do n't want to be silenced to take their business elsewhere .
EFF has fought against the arguments Facebook is using to keep customers captive as amicus in the Perfect 10 case and in the Lori Drew matter , and we 'll be watching the Power.com case closely .
Wireless phone providers are another culprit in the corporate war against user control .
The CTIA and other wireless providers have argued that you should not be allowed to switch a compatible handset to a different network unless and until they tell you its OK .
The Copyright Office rejected this view when it granted an exemption in 2006 to the anti-circumvention provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act .
After all , phone owners traveling to Europe , people who want to buy and activate a used phone , or handset refurbishers should be able to do so without fear of copyright liability .
That exemption expires this year and EFF has asked for it to be renewed and expanded .
Like Facebook v. Power , the phone unlocking issue pits users seeking to exercise their choice in the marketplace against companies seeking to use technological design and copyright law to lock them in .
Just as Facebook users rebelled last time , now may be the time for consumers to raise our collective voice .
If you want to use a service that collects and aggregates all your social network data , you should be able to find and use such a tool .
If you want to use the mobile phone you paid good money for on a different network , you should be able to make that decision .
México enfrenta un juicio ante la CIDH
Pie de foto , Rosendo Radilla Pacheco fue visto por última vez el 25 de agosto de 1974 .
Rosendo Radilla Martínez tenía 11 años cuando vio cómo un grupo de soldados del Ejército mexicano detenía a su padre en un retén militar en la sierra de Guerrero , en el sur de México .
Era el 25 de agosto de 1974 , desde entonces no volvió a verlo .
Ahora , 35 años después , la desaparición de Rosendo Radilla Pacheco se ventila ante la Corte Interamericana de Derechos Humanos ( CIDH ) , con sede en Costa Rica .
Es la primera vez que México es juzgado ante un tribunal internacional por el delito de desaparición de personas .
Organizaciones de derechos humanos afirmaron que el juicio abre la puerta para indagar el paradero de unas 1.200 personas que habrían desaparecido en los ´ 70 , durante la llamada " Guerra Sucia " .
El gobierno mexicano ha dicho que la Fiscalía General de la República investiga el caso de Radilla , pero que el tiempo transcurrido y el silencio de la familia durante varios años impidieron el avance de la investigación .
Para Rosendo hijo , el juicio internacional es la última salida .
“ Esta impunidad de tanto tiempo no puede quedar así , México no puede avanzar si no se esclarece este pasado tan terrible ” , dijo en conversación con BBC Mundo .
Detenido por componer canciones
Rosendo hijo recuerda con claridad la captura de su padre .
“ Veníamos de Atoyac ( municipio en la sierra de Guerrero ) en un autobús cuando nos detuvo un retén militar .
Los soldados le dijeron a mi padre ‘ tú compones corridos ’ y él preguntó si era delito .
No – respondieron- pero mientras ya te chingaste ” .
Los corridos son canciones que narran historias de personajes o situaciones particulares .
Radilla había compuesto varios sobre Genaro Vázquez y Lucio Cabañas , líderes de un grupo guerrillero que operaba en la zona .
“ Mi padre los conocía porque fueron maestros en la escuela donde estudiaron mis hermanos y eran muy respetados , pero él no andaba con ellos ” , dijo Rosendo hijo .
Fue la última vez que vio a su padre con vida .
“ Estaba muy tranquilo cuando se lo llevaron , incluso me dio dinero para que me regresara a Atoyac .
Nunca pensó que lo iban a desaparecer ”
Semanas después la familia supo que estaba detenido en un cuartel militar , pero la noticia nunca fue confirmada .
En 1975 denunció la desaparición al entonces presidente Luis Echeverría y lo mismo hizo durante 20 años ante distintas áreas del gobierno mexicano .
En ese tiempo la respuesta de las autoridades fue que no tenía elementos para investigar el caso , afirmó la Comisión Mexicana de Defensa de Derechos Humanos ( CMDPDH ) que apoya a la familia en el juicio internacional .
Pocos resultados
Pie de foto , Rosendo Radilla Martínez tenía 11 años cuando vio cómo un grupo de soldados detenía a su padre .
En 2001 el gobierno mexicano creó una fiscalía especial para investigar las desapariciones de personas , entre ellas la de Rosendo Radilla .
La fiscalía solicitó el arresto del general Francisco Quiroz Hermosillo , involucrado en el caso , pero el militar –que era procesado por narcotráfico– murió antes de enfrentar el juicio .
En el sistema judicial mexicano el asunto quedó en suspenso hasta el año pasado , cuando la PGR buscó restos humanos en la zona donde existió el cuartel militar de Atoyac .
No hubo éxito .
“ Sólo buscaron en el 1 % del terreno que es muy grande ” , dijo Rosendo hijo .
Al juicio ante la CIDH , el gobierno envió una delegación de alto nivel , encabezada por el ministro de Gobernación , Fernando Gómez Mont , con la asistencia del procurador de Justicia Militar , Luis Chávez .
Este martes se realizó la primera audiencia .
El caso podría terminar en tres meses , apuntó el abogado de la CMDPDH , Carlos Gutiérrez .
La ropa que espera
El recuerdo más doloroso de Rosendo hijo es su madre , Victoria Martínez , quien murió esperando el regreso de su esposo .
“ Todas las semanas le planchaba su ropa , decía ‘ Rosendo va entrar por esa puerta ’ .
Lo que hice fue ponerme la ropa hasta que se gastó , para que ya no lo esperara ” .
Victoria murió en 1984 .
En el juicio ante la CIDH , Rosendo pidió que se sancione a los responsables de la desaparición de su padre .
“ Que me entreguen los restos de mi padre , que se haga justicia castigando a los culpables .
No puede quedar impune , todo acto que queda así puede volver a ocurrir ” .
While recording audiobooks for family use , I discovered that I could reduce the amount of room reverb and even some of the ambient noise in the track by building a foam box around the microphone .
My reasoning was that even though I did n’t have an isolation booth , at least the mic could have one .
I was surprised to see later that this idea is a legitimate voiceover product , targeted at people who do VO work on the road and need a portable studio setup .
( Search the web for “ Porta - Booth ” to find this — current retail price is $ 129 . )
It forced the question that comes up around here a lot — what does it sound like , really ?
Does it make any difference ?
It did n’t seem necessary to spring for the fancy collapsible box and precut foam just to test the concept .
I had a piece of 4 '' Auralex Studiofoam for the back , and 3 '' convoluted acoustic foam for the top , bottom , and sides .
The inside measured about 20 '' deep by 16 '' tall by 10 '' wide .
With a boom stand on the side , I lowered a large - diaphragm condenser microphone into the box , and covered the top with more foam .
The mic was about 8 '' back from the front of the box , and I sat about 10 '' from the front edge .
I did n’t use a pop filter .
I was in a big room with high ceilings , which I think affected the results .
Listen for yourself :
http://recordinghacks.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/07/large_room.mp3
The difference seems pretty subtle .
In fact if you ’re not listening through headphones you might not hear it at all .
Which either means my box just was n’t working , or that particular room was n’t causing a lot of bad reflections .
I think it ’s the latter .
In any case , both samples sound pretty good .
What is the effect of the room size , you ask ?
I have an answer for you .
I repeated the test in the smallest room in the house .
A true isolation chamber , in a manner of speaking .
http://recordinghacks.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/07/small_room.mp3
Both of these sound terrible , but the difference between the two is certainly more audible .
The size of the box might make a difference — a smaller box , or at least a box with a smaller front opening , would probably sound deader .
I would have had to start cutting up foam to try this , so I did n’t .
If all the edges of the box would be tight , that would probably reduce reflections somewhat too .
And it might have helped to push the mic farther back into the box .
Nonetheless , I think these tests yield two useful conclusions :
The bigger the room , the better the sound .
( Is anyone really surprised by this ? )
Note : big spaces with huge echoes , like gymnasiums , are obviously an exception .
The foam box really does help .
Be sure to experiment with mic placement though .
See also my Neophyte ’s Guide to Home Voiceover Recording .
Any real VO engineers out there with opinions to share ?
Tags : voiceover
Posted in Technique | 10 Comments »
• Burma court imposes three - year sentence , cut to 18 months • Military junta says she can serve term in Rangoon home • Ruling condemned as political move ahead of elections
Aung San Suu Kyi will spend the next year and a half under guard at her home in Rangoon after a court today found her guilty of breaking the terms of her house arrest .
The sentence means she will play no part in elections the military junta has promised to hold early next year .
The 64 - year - old learned her fate in a few minutes of courtroom drama , witnessed by journalists and diplomats from the same countries that have been calling for her immediate and unconditional release .
Although her sentence falls some way short of the maximum five years available to the court , news that the Nobel peace laureate had again been denied her freedom drew immediate condemnation from around the world .
UN Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon , who visited Burma last month but failed to meet with Suu Kyi , " strongly deplores " the court action and urged the country 's ruling generals " to immediately and unconditionally release " Suu Kyi , his office said in a statement .
Gordon Brown said he was " saddened and angry " at the conviction .
The prime minister said the sentence was " further proof that the military regime in Burma was determined to act with total disregard for accepted standards of the rule of law and in defiance of international opinion .
This is a purely political sentence designed to prevent her from taking part in the regime 's planned elections next year . "
He said as long as the opposition leader and other detained opponents were prevented from taking part in the political process , the elections " will have no credibility or legitimacy " .
" The facade of her prosecution is made more monstrous because its real objective is to sever her bond with the people for whom she is a beacon of hope and resistance , " Brown said .
Shortly after the court sentenced her to three years of hard labour , the home minister walked into the courtroom and announced that the junta leader , Senior General Than Shwe , had halved the sentence and would allow Aung San Suu Kyi to serve it in her Rangoon home .
Than Shwe said he had reduced the sentence to " maintain peace and tranquility " and because Aung San Suu Kyi was the daughter of Aung San , a revered hero who won Burma 's independence from Britain in 1948 .
A diplomatic source who witnessed the verdict said Aung San Suu Kyi looked " unfazed " after the first sentence was read out .
" It did n't seem to catch her by surprise at all , " he told the Guardian on condition of anonymity .
" She was unfazed by it .
She did not look like someone who had just been sentenced to three years ' hard labour . "
The announcement minutes later that her sentence had been commuted to 18 months ' house arrest was " a choreographed attempt to get us to witness the leniency , clemency and humanity of the general [ Than Shwe ] " , the source said .
" But if the aim was to keep her out of circulation for the elections , then that is what they achieved . "
Before being led from the courtroom , Aung San Suu Kyi walked over to the diplomats and thanked them for attending her trial .
" I look forward to working together for the future prosperity of my country , " she was quoted as saying .
Aung San Suu Kyi had been accused of harbouring John Yettaw , an American who swam uninvited to her lakeside compound in early May .
Yettaw , a 53 - year - old from Missouri described as an eccentric by his family , spent two nights at Aung San Suu Kyi's home in early May .
He had visited her , he said , to warn her of a dream in which he had foreseen her assassination .
The opposition leader , who has spent 14 of the last 20 years in detention , pleaded with Yettaw to leave but relented after he said he was too ill to swim back across the lake .
Yettaw was given a seven - year jail sentence , including four years of hard labour , after the court found him guilty of abetting the violation of the house arrest order and two other offences .
Local reports said Yettaw 's sentence consisted of three years in prison for breaching Aung San Suu Kyi's house arrest , three years with hard labour for violating immigration laws , and another year with hard labour for swimming in a restricted zone .
It was not immediately clear whether he would serve the terms concurrently .
The junta 's order reduced the sentences of two women who lived with Aung San Suu Kyi to 18 months ' house arrest each .
Observers had expected a guilty verdict at the end of a trial that drew condemnation not only from the US , Britain and the UN , but from some of Burma 's neighbours , which have traditionally been reluctant to interfere in the country 's politics .
Malaysia 's foreign minister , Anifah Aman , called for an " urgent meeting " of members of the Association of South - east Asian Nations ( Asean ) .
" I think there is a need for Asean foreign ministers to have an urgent meeting to discuss this issue , which is of grave concern , " he told Agence France - Presse in the Malaysian capital , Kuala Lumpur .
" With this sentence there is no possibility for Aung San Suu Kyi to participate in the general election next year , which should be free , fair and inclusive . "
Opponents of the Burmese junta , which has ruled with an iron fist since 1962 , say Yettaw 's stunt has been exploited to keep Aung San Suu Kyi out of the public eye during the elections .
As leader of the National League for Democracy ( NLD ) party , she represents the most serious threat to the generals ' hold on power .
The NLD won an overwhelming victory in the last elections in 1990 , but the junta refused to accept the result .
Almost two decades later , more than 2,000 opponents of the junta remain in Burmese prisons .
There were no immediate reports of unrest outside Insein prison , where the defendants have been held since the trial began , despite speculation that a guilty verdict might spark protests by NLD members .
After the court 's ruling was postponed at the end of last month , there were fears Aung San Suu Kyi would be forced to wait again when Yettaw was taken to hospital last week after suffering epileptic convulsions .
He is also thought to suffer from diabetes and a heart complaint .
The decision to allow several journalists and diplomats to witness the verdict came as a surprise .
It was only the third time outside observers had been permitted to attend the trial since it began on 18 May .
David Letterman
David Letterman 's comments about Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin and one of her daughters has prompted a hotel chain to pull its advertising on CBS ' website — and spawned a campaign to fire the Late Show host that includes a planned protest outside his studio .
Embassy Suites , part of the Hilton Hotels Corp. , pulled advertising on CBS ' site because of complaints , company spokeswoman Kendra Walker told TVGuide.com .
The company was not an advertiser on Letterman 's show .
" We received lots of e-mails from concerned guests and we assessed that the statement that he made was offensive enough to our guests and prospective guests that we elected to take the ads down , " Walker said .
She declined to release the cost of the ads .
CBS declined to comment Tuesday .
Letterman joked last week about Palin 's daughter being " knocked up " by Alex Rodriguez during a New York Yankees game .
He later clarified that he was referring to 18 - year - old Bristol Palin — who , he said " was knocked up . "
But the Palin family and Letterman critics said he was referring to the governor 's 14 - year - old daughter , Willow , who attended the Yankees game with her mother .
" It 's a disgraceful comment and it needs to be stopped , " said Michael Patrick Leahy , one of the organizers of the " Fire David Letterman " campaign .
" It is totally inappropriate and disgraceful for a 62 - year - old man to sexually insult a 14 - year - old girl , period .
These comments are more egregious than those of Don Imus , and CBS fired him for those comments . "
Leahy , who also helped organize the anti-tax " tea parties " in cities across the country earlier this year , estimated anywhere from 50 to 300 people would attend a protest planned outside Letterman 's studio in New York City on Tuesday .
The campaign has also urged advertisers , including Embassy Suites , to pull their ads .
What do you think ?
Should Letterman be fired ?
Move over YouTube — the folks behind The Pirate Bay are working on their own video streaming site with no restrictions .
The site will be called The Video Bay and it is now on the Web as a " Beta Extreme , " though currently there is no functionality as everything is still under development .
There is no indication of when it will be ready for public consumption , either , though when it goes live , it will supposedly host videos without any kind of censorship or copyright restrictions .
The Pirate Bay founder Peter Sunde spoke via videoconference to the Open Video Conference in New York this week , discussing the details behind The Video Bay .
He noted that the site would use a number of HTML 5 features , including tags using the ogg / theora video and audio formats .
There are demos for both of these tags on The Video Bay already ( one for video and one for audio ) .
There is a warning on the site , however , saying that it will be an " experimental playground and as such subjected to both live and drunk ( en)coding , so please do n't bug us too much if the site ain't working properly . "
Indeed , searching for any type of video yields zero results and a launch date is set for sometime in the general future .
" It will be done when it ’s done , in the future , in like a year or five , " Sunde told the Open Video Conference attendees .
Whether The Video Bay will actually compete against the likes of YouTube , however , depends entirely on whether it can build a big enough audience upon launch .
There are many ( many , many ) other streaming video sites on the Internet that are already competing for the same eyeballs — we can just imagine how much more saturated the space will be in one to five years .
Then again , The Pirate Bay does currently have strong following , so it has the potential to be more successful out of the gate than other YouTube clones .
At the same time , those behind The Pirate Bay are already in a heap of legal trouble in Sweden thanks to their apparently copyright - hatin ' ways .
They were recently handed a guilty verdict with jail time from a Swedish district court for assisting copyright infringement , even though The Pirate Bay hosted none of the files in question .
The defendants were denied a retrial less than a week ago , too , after having complained that the judge presiding over the case is a member of the Swedish Copyright Association and sits on the board of the Swedish Association for the Protection of Industrial Property , an advocacy group that pushes stricter copyright laws .
Sunde claims that The Pirate Bay will continue to fight the decisions , but a completely restriction - free video site is n't likely to help the situation .
Regardless , it seems as if Sunde and gang are marching forward with The Video Bay ( slowly and drunkenly , that is ) , so we look forward to seeing the finished result — if it ever gets there .
Submit targeted keywords
Submitting an extended list of keywords may not be useful .
In fact , you wo n't get as many potential customers to your website with an extended list of keywords as you would with focused and targeted keywords .
Besides , you would also end up paying more without any benefits .
Targeted keywords would ensure that only those visitors who are actually interested in your product or service click on the search listing and visit your website .
Thus , there are more chances of a visitor becoming a loyal customer .
Develop a catchy title and description
When the search engine user gets the result of a search , they 'll see the highlighted titles for each listing followed by a short description .
You should think of this just like a classified ad with a headline and short copy .
Here are some tips for formulating effective titles and descriptions :
• Use an attention - getting headline to get as many people as possible to read the description .
Here 's where you want to be sure to use the important proven successful terms like “ free ” and “ you ” .
• Write a description that succinctly tells the reader why he or she would be a fool not to click on your link .
For most keywords , this is the best plan because you 're only paying a penny or two for the click - through .
But , you 'll want to be more selective about the copy for the more expensive bids .
If you 're going to pay a quarter for each click through , then you may want to have higher quality traffic .
You do n't want just anyone to click through .
You want people more likely to buy .
• You should have the ability to track each keyword so you can determine the success ratios of clickthroughs to sales .
All programs discussed above will allow you to use their system to track clickthroughs .
ROI Tracking Tools
There are several tracking tools that measure the traffic coming to your website and that can identify what search engines and what keywords have brought that traffic .
Moreover tracking tools can also tell you what the visitor has done online , including page visits , time spent , actions taken ( relevant for e-commerce sites or query / contact forms ) and so on .
You will have to find your survey methodologies to relate the traffic history to the revenue results .
Some of these are mentioned below :
Doubleclick 's DART paid placement and advertising ROI tracking tool generates web - based reports on cost per click , number of clicks , overall media cost , conversion rates , gross sales , return on investment ( ROI ) , and net profit .
Such tools are suited to online merchant sites .
WebTrends from NetlQ : Offers server - based software to determine how many visitors are coming to the Web site , where they 're coming from , what they 're doing on the Web site , and which search engines are sending the most traffic , along with which phrases drive the most traffic from each search engine .
HitBox from WebSideStory :
It uses a different data collection method , by enabling site owners to add code to their site .
It tracks the same type of information that the WebTrends product does .
Urchin :
This is another useful measuring and tracking tool .
Kitchen and Bath Remodeling
Suncoast General Contracting and Remediation , Inc. is very experienced in home remodeling and has been remodeling kitchens and baths since 1990 .
There are many builders and contractor that claim to be remodeling contractors , however , as one of Tampa Bay 's premier kitchen and bathroom remodeling contractors , we have the experience , knowledge and skill to change your vision into a reality .
Remodeling a kitchen or bath is more than just installing cabinets , counter tops , sinks , tub and the like .
Kitchens and baths are very personal spaces that need to reflect the personality of the Owner .
We take great pride in working with our customers to first determine what their particular needs are , then to design with their budget in mind and combining these two into a beautiful finished product .
Customer after customer will tell you how courteous , friendly and respectful our employees are .
We treat our customers like we would want to be treated .
Our experienced staff will work with you to create your dream kitchen or bath .
Here are a few of our most recent projects :
St. Petersburg Home Bathroom Remodel :
In this 1926 St. Petersburg home the master bathroom was quite small .
The tub was bracketed by two large closets , which opened into the hall on the other side of the tub enclosure .
Suncoast 's suggestion was that we reduce the two closets and bring that space into the bathroom .
This left two very usable closet and added enough room next to the toilet for a large corner shower and on the opposite side of the bathroom , this allowed the very small vanity to be transformed into a large " L " shaped vanity with his and her sinks .
St. Petersburg Home Kitchen Remodel :
In this St Petersburg home the kitchen was fully gutted .
The wall separating the kitchen and the dining room was removed and the kitchen was expanded about half way into the old dining room .
The sink , dishwasher , range and refrigerator were all relocated .
A propane gas line was added for the duel - fuel range .
New maple cabinets , granite counter top , undermount sink and tumbled stone backsplash were installed .
Tierra Verde Home Kitchen Remodel :
In this Terra Verde home , the Owner did not want to replace the entire kitchen , however , it was very dated and the Corian counter tops had faded badly .
We removed the counter tops and faux tile backsplash and prepared the backsplash walls to accept paint .
Installed a new granite counter top with an undermount sink and changed the hardware on the cabinets .
January 30 , 2019
We continue our review of MK - Ultra and the entertainment industry
" The bimbos that Hollywood has foisted on us as " stars " are largely mind - controlled playthings of the elite . "
Michael Jackson may have been passed up the paedophile food chain in order to receive the backing , marketing and exposure that made him a household name ....
The fallout revealed itself in all the strange and inexplicable behavior .
He changed his face trying to put distance between him and his past .
But he never could escape The Man in the Mirror .
Victims victimize others .
Prey it forward .
Jackson is in the news again because of a new four - hour long documentary Leaving Neverland documents his depraved exploitation of young boys .
' Leaving Neverland is a horror film - an intimate , obviously believable , sometimes sexually explicit story of two boys who became Michael Jackson 's special ' friends ' - i.e. , lovers - while their oblivious parents went along .
Jackson was a fiend - a smooth predator , a monster , ' said Jeff Wells of Hollywood Elsewhere .
' Feel sick to my stomach after watching Part 1 of # Leaving Neverland doc .
Michael Jackson witnesses / sex abuse victims coming off very credible .
It 's so sexually explicit that counsellors are in the lobby , ' wrote Mara Reinstein of US Weekly .
' Shaking .
Wow .
We were all wrong when we cheered for Michael Jackson .
He was a pedophile . '
from July 5 2009
by " Charles "
( henrymakow.com )
Approximately forty years ago , the Jackson family appeared on the Ed Sullivan show and released the first of many albums for Motown records .
What made the Jackson 5 special was their lead singer , pint - sized Michael Jackson .
Even at the tender age of ten , Michael Jackson had an ebullient joy and charisma that was palpable and contagious on both TV and radio .
Later , at the age of 21 , he broke from his family and began a successful solo career .
F. Scott Fitzgerald said American lives have no second acts .
And for child entertainers trying to extend their success into adulthood , that is doubly so .
Michael Jackson proved Fitzgerald wrong .
But at what price ?
A series of articles on the blog Aangirfan [ aangirfan.blogspot.com ] explores the possibility that Michael Jackson was yet another Illuminati sex slave .
In one article , " Michael Jackson 5.0 , " the blogger writes : " There has been speculation that the CIA has used its MK - ULTRA brainwashing on many celebrities , including Madonna , Curt Cobain , Britney Spears , Elvis and Michael Jackson .
Sibling Jermaine Jackson suggested that his father may have arranged for Michael to be used by older men .
He tells how his father had Michael join late - night hotel room meetings with " important business people . "
Jermaine wondered whether " something happened " to Michael at those sessions .
He said he sensed something was wrong because Michael would be sick for days after .
" What was Joseph doing ? " Jermaine wrote .
Michael Jackson said himself that his father beat him .
MK - ULTRA SLAVE
Former Illuminati slave Kathleen Sullivan adds from the Rigorous Intuition blog [ rigourousintuition.blogspot.com ] : " I 've been tracking Michael Jackson via the news for about 10 years now .
For reasons I will not get into in a public forum , I can state that I have absolutely no doubt that he's an MK - ULTRA variety slave , possibly introduced by his father into their bizarre " system " of spooks , commercialized paedophilia and more .
" My father introduced me to organized criminal paedophilia from early childhood on .
Like Michael , I developed many altered states of consciousness to cope with the horrors I experienced .
I also have no doubt that he would have been terribly abused as a child , even if he had n't " allegedly " been given to others as a child to sexually service them .
There 's no other explanation for his obsession with being with children , in public and privately - especially in bed !
" During my past internship at a state hospital , I talked with a forensics expert who is very familiar with paedophilia .
He said that one class of paedophiles are psychologically " stuck " at a certain age on the inside , regardless of their physical age .
Therefore , they choose children to sexually " mate " with who are the same internal age and see themselves as EQUALS with those children in every way .
And if this kind of paedophile is a male who was sexually abused by adult males in childhood , he will most likely unconsciously reenact what was done to him , with the next generation of males who are the age he was then .
" I did n't see the tiniest bit of love or concern in his father 's face for him when he seemingly came to the rescue when Michael was put on trial ( again ) .
I think daddy dearest simply took over to ensure that Michael did n't say the wrong things in public or in court . "
Another article on the Aangirfan blog , " Michael Jackson and the CIA , " recounts a brief mention of the Jackson family from Brice Taylor 's memoirs
Thanks for the Memories :
" Brice Taylor relates that she and Michael Jackson and members of the Jackson family accompanied Bob Hope to a location where they were filming up - and - coming talent for TV .
Reportedly Bob Hope sponsored the young Jackson boys .
Brice Taylor writes : " Their father brought the boys in and I remembered seeing them taken into a side room where bright lights were on .
" They all had to drop their pants and before their performance , a big man raped each one of them in a lineup . "
Reportedly , Brice Taylor and the Jacksons were victims of CIA mind control .
The blog frequently cross references an article from the Timboucher website [ timboucher.com ] , Michael Jackson , Mind Control Victim ?
The article notes that MJ had his own ' personal magician ' by the name of Majestic Magnificent .
" I know it 's a pretty far - out leap for most " normal " people , but could Majestic Magnificent be more than just a " magician " - could he also be some sort of CIA Monarch mind - control handler for Jackson ? "
[ Tim Boucher has several interesting articles worth reading on MJ and the occult such as Michael Jackson 's Bloodbath . ]
Michael had his children wear masks in public to ' protect ' them .
They were not even allowed to see their own faces in a mirror at home !
Could this be a clue about Illuminati mirror programming which Michael himself experienced and now was trying to prevent from ever happening to his children ?
Michael Jackson 's march to superstardom may have been stage - managed by the occult politics of the MK - ULTRA program .
His talent alone was not enough .
The road to the top may have necessitated sexual abuse at the hands of connected powerful adults while still a child .
He may have been passed up the paedophile food chain in order to receive the backing , marketing and exposure that made him a household name .
He may have been made more pliable by MK - ULTRA training which involved tremendous psychological and physical trauma .
The fallout from this revealed itself in all the strange and inexplicable behavior .
He changed his face trying to put distance between him and his past .
But he never could escape The Man in the Mirror .
In Michael Jackson , the Illuminati demonstrated their power to make and break our entertainment idols , to choose our idols for us and to influence and control the popular culture through their change agents .
Our idols tell us how to act .
We emulate them so that we , too , can be cool , sophisticated , androgynous slaves .
This is how the common man finds his place in the New World Order .
Related - David writes - Even MJ 's doctor said he was chemically castrated
Robert writes :
There is a video on Youtube -- one hour and 18 minutes long , published January 9 2019 ---- that relates to a lot of people of fame .
Starting at around 14 minutes and 40 seconds
begins with the chip implant tech and cloning used in the past , such as with Saddam Hussein , at 16 minutes is where they start to talk about Michael Jackson until about 31 minutes and 20 seconds .
This may be disturbing , by bringing some contradictory thoughts and beliefs .
Robert .
First Comment from Dan : Jackson " chemically castrated "
Joe Biden told ABC ’s George Stephanopoulos that the US would n’t stand in the way of Israel if they decided Iran was an existential threat .
“ Israel can determine for itself , it ’s a sovereign nation , what ’s in their interest , and what they do with Iran or anything else , ” said Biden .
This video is from ABC’s This Week , broadcast July 5 , 2009 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Download video via RawReplay.com
<<< NEWS FROM THE LAB - Friday , August 28 , 2009 >>>
ARCHIVES | SEARCH Apache.org Hack Posted by Mikko @ 12:44 GMT
Earlier today the official website for the Apache Software Foundation ( of the Apache web server fame ) was offline for several hours .
When it came back online , it briefly showed this message :
The site looks normal now .
Why is this important ?
Because the Apache web server software is distributed from apache.org , and roughly one half of all the web servers on the planet run on Apache !
We have no information on whether any code on the site was modified or not .
Edited to add : More info now at blogs.apache.org .
The United States Supreme Court today ruled that jurors may hear evidence discovered in a search based on faulty information in a police computer database .
The court ruled that the US constitution 's protections against unreasonable search and seizure do not exclude evidence gained through " isolated negligence " where there is no evidence of police wrongdoing .
In a 5 - 4 decision , the high court found that if police wrongly believe they have an arrest warrant because a computer database contains an incorrect entry indicated the existence of a warrant , evidence they discover upon making the arrest may be used to prosecute the defendant .
The decision could have far - reaching consequences , as law enforcement use of electronic databases grows .
In the case in question , a Alabama man , Bennie Dean Herring , was arrested when a police computer showed he was wanted on an arrest warrant in a neighbouring county .
An investigator then searched his truck and found methamphetamine and an illegal pistol .
When officers sought to retrieve the initial arrest warrant just minutes later , they discovered it had been cancelled five months earlier , though the entry had not been removed from the police computer .
In a federal court hearing soon after the arrest , Herring asked the judge to suppress the gun and the methamphetamine , arguing the search was illegal because the arrest warrant had been rescinded and police had no other justification for a search .
A judge denied Herring 's motion , saying that exclusion of the evidence would do little to deter similar police errors in the future , and an appeals court later agreed .
Writing for the majority , Chief Justice John Roberts , a Bush appointee and conservative voice on the court , found that the mere fact of an illegal search does not necessitate throwing out the evidence obtained .
He wrote that if evidence is to be excluded , the exclusion must effectively deter future illegal searches .
" To trigger the exclusionary rule , police conduct must be sufficiently deliberate that exclusion can meaningfully deter it , and sufficiently culpable that such deterrence is worth the price paid by the justice system , " he wrote .
But in Herring 's case , the police error was isolated , so the gun and drugs may be used in court .
Roberts was joined in the opinion by the court 's conservative bloc - Antonin Scalia , Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito - and by Anthony Kennedy , considered a swing vote .
Dissenting were the court 's liberal bloc , Ruth Bader Ginsburg , John Paul Stevens , David Souter and Steven Breyer .
In the dissenting opinion , Ginsburg wrote that exclusion of evidence is a defendant 's " redress " for an illegal search .
" The court 's opinion underestimates the need for a forceful exclusionary rule and the gravity of record - keeping errors in law enforcement , " she wrote .
Ginsburg also disagreed with the majority 's assertion that the exclusion of evidence in this type of case would be unlikely to deter future police negligence .
She wrote that the Dale County , Alabama , sheriff 's department , which made the mistake , could have a established a routine practice of checking the computer database for accuracy , and noted that the scope and influence of law enforcement databases has expanded dramatically in recent years .
" By restricting suppression to bookkeeping errors that are deliberate or reckless , the majority leaves Herring , and others like him , with no remedy for violations of their constitutional rights , " she wrote .
The case is a timely reminder of one of the key tasks facing Barack Obama in his coming White House term .
In recent years , the supreme court has decided some of the most ideologically charged cases by a 5 - 4 decision , with the nine justices split into reliable voting blocs .
As many as three US supreme court justices are likely to retire in the next four years , giving Obama an opportunity to nominate justices that share his views on abortion , constitutional rights of terrorism suspects and criminal defendants , separation of church and state , and other contentious social and legal issues .
The nine high court justices hold lifetime appointments and must be confirmed by the Senate .
CAMDEN , N.J. —
Police say a 22 - year - old man died after falling into a vat of boiling chocolate in New Jersey .
The accident happened at a facility owned by Lyons and Sons in Camden .
Police tell WPVI - TV in Philadelphia the chocolate was being mixed .
The name of the worker has not been released .
By Leo Babauta
I ’ve worked for more than 5 years now to simplify my life , and while I ’ve discovered the sublime joys of living a simple life , I ’ve realized most people do n’t get it .
“ Why would I want LESS ? ” they ask themselves .
“ Less is less fun , harder , monk - like , boring . ”
The simple answer : because life can be so much better with less .
That ’s hard to believe if you have n’t tried it , but today I am happier than ever .
I ’m better off financially than ever , now that I ’m out of debt and living blissfully debt - free .
I am unencumbered by a crapload of stuff , and I have room in my life for what ’s truly important : my family , my writing , and my twin loves of reading and running .
The beautiful thing is that you do n’t need to earn more money or buy a bigger house or car or have a bigger company in order to have this better life — you need less of all of that .
It ’s attainable simply by cutting back .
Here ’s how to do it — briefly .
This will be familiar to long - time readers , but it ’s a necessary primer for newer converts .
Do less .
Cut back on your workload , on your commitments , on your schedule , on your todo list .
Focus on the things that make the highest impact , and drop everything else .
You can do this slowly , over time , but do it consciously .
The result is you ’ll have more room in your life for other things , you ’ll be more effective with your time , and you ’ll be less stressed out .
Read more .
Have less .
If you learn that enjoyment of life is n’t having stuff , you ’ll be able to let go of it … and declutter .
Having a life with a minimal amount of clutter is so enjoyable , so peaceful , it ’s hard to describe .
It leaves you feeling free , without the stress that comes with an overwhelming amount of stuff , and leaves room in your life for relaxation .
Less of a focus on buying stuff means you also have more money , or less debt , or you need to work less in order to live the life you want .
Any of those options are good .
Produce less .
This is nonsensical to a lot of people — after all , are n’t we all trying to Get Things Done ?
To Get More Done ?
Well , that ’s the norm , I ’ll grant you that — people seem to think that producing grand amounts is great — to write a prodigious amount , to code a prodigious amount , to create a ton of products , to churn out services at an astronomical rate , to have more billable hours than anyone else .
Well , that ’s fine if you want your life to be all about churning out stuff , but not if you ’re concerned about quality , about beauty , about meaning , and about having a life outside of producing .
Instead , try producing less — spend more time making better things .
Spend more time editing your work down to less , leaving only the most essential parts .
Embrace a philosophy that work which is edited down to a minimum is better than volume .
Consume less .
This is about how many resources we consume , how much we eat , how much waste we produce from our consumption .
Instead of consuming , focus on enjoying what you have , preserving the beauty in what you ’ve attained , being content with what ’s already around you .
Connect online less .
I love connecting with others online .
Unfortunately , it consumes our lives if we let it .
So if you do a lot of connecting online , through email and web surfing and blog reading and Twittering and Facebooking and what have you … cut back a little .
Disconnect from time to time .
Connect with others , and your passions , more .
Ah , here ’s the good part .
This is how your life becomes better , not worse , in living a life with less .
It ’s better because you disconnect from the online world in order to connect with what ’s truly important : your loved ones , real people in the real world , and the things you really love doing .
You ’ve cut things out of your life not just for the sake of cutting , but for the sake of making room for what you ’re really passionate about .
Edit , edit .
Simplifying is n’t a one - step process of cutting things out .
It ’s an ongoing process , not only of simplifying but of putting a focus on what ’s essential … and then continuing to edit .
Think of your life as a work of art , and you as the artist .
Come back to it and make it more beautiful by whittling away the unnecessary .
Then come back and do it again , and again , until all you ’re left with is what ’s most beautiful , what ’s most essential .
Life can really be better with less , if what ’s left is what you love .
I have , and always will , reflexively defend videogames against annoying " murder simulator " rhetoric , but the guys at Waterloo Labs , who have figured out how to use actual firearms to play first person shooters , are n't making my life any easier .
Advertisement
The setup is dead simple , all puns intended : Four accelerometers are stuck to a hard wall , where your FPS is projected in real time .
Players shoot said wall , with guns .
The intensity of the vibrations in each accelerometer is measured to determine where exactly on the board the bullet impacted , which is fed into the host PC , where the coordinate data is translated into an aimed , ingame shot .
It works a lot better than you might expect , not just with bullets , but with shovels , too .
If you belong to the very select demographic of people who own a gun , a projector , some lab equipment , and have access to firing range , as well as some some expertise in DIY building and programming languages , Waterloo Labs ( predictable tagline : DIY Projects from the Heart of Texas ! ) provides instructions so you can build this setup yourself .
Note :
They have n't totally worked out the bugs in the respawn code yet , so aim carefully .
[ Waterloo Labs via Slashdot ]
Advertisement
UPDATE : Jack Thompson is not impressed !
Also , incapable of processing anything that is not completely literal :
John , you 're terribly confused .
Something that further glamorizes killing humans in virtual reality would not be my wet dream .
That would be Strauss Zelnick 's wet dream .
I'm the guy who opposes this stuff , who has lobbied against it for ten years , and who has been doing everything I can to stop massacres , not foster them .
So just how would what I oppose give me a wet dream ?
And why would you use such a gross image ?
Well , the answer to both questions is in this answer :
You have no earthly idea what you are talking about and you have a Jack Thompson obession .
Please report my response to your idiotic headline .
[ Ed note : Gladly ! ]
This is the best .
MERLism A religion for our modern times , improvised daily in October ' 05 .
CAMBRIDGE , Mass . 
After Amy Farber learned she had the rare and fatal disease called LAM in 2005 , she became determined to increase and speed up research into her illness with the hope of finding a cure in her lifetime .
Dr. Farber , now 39 , was a law student with a doctorate in anthropology who was about to start a family .
She quit law school and founded the LAM Treatment Alliance to raise money and connect a network of scientists around the world to research this mysterious disease , which destroys young women ’s lungs .
To her dismay , she says , she encountered a cumbersome research system fraught with obstacles to collaboration and progress  one that failed to focus on patient needs .
“ We can do better , ” she remembers thinking .
She took her frustrations to Dr. George Demetri , a member of her organization ’s advisory board .
A professor and cancer researcher at Harvard Medical School , Dr. Demetri had long wanted to use the Internet to connect patients around the globe and mine their collective wisdom for new insights into the rare cancers he studies .
Four more rounds of formal negotiations are scheduled before the Dec 7 - 18 talks in Copenhagen .
These are June 1 - 12 in Bonn , Germany ; Aug 10 - 14 in Bonn ; Sept 28 to Oct 9 in Bangkok ; and Nov 2 - 6 , at a venue yet to be decided .
G8 in Italy in July
26 - 27 May in Paris
June
In addition , heads of state and government will gather in September at a U.N. climate change summit in New York and President Obama will host a major economies forum on the sidelines of the .
Two other meetings convened by the United States will take place , one probablyand another in
Pyrus : Improvements from the PEAR Installer
Overview Pyrus is a re-factored version of the PEAR installer , re-designed for new features available in PHP 5.3 and newer .
As a result , Pyrus is more robust than PEAR as well as faster .
Several of the subtle design flaws in the PEAR Installer have been fixed , and so Pyrus is more stable than the PEAR Installer for handling an existing PEAR repository .
Here is a brief summary of the differences from PEAR : Simpler to use than PEAR Pyrus is distributed as a single file , pyrus. phar .
Because of PHP's new phar extension , Pyrus does not need to be installed , and can run directly from the file pyrus.
phar .
Pyrus also simplifies the command - line options available , and provides a far greater range of developer tools for creating , managing and distributing packages through tools such as the simple channel server and package.xml creation command make .
More secure than PEAR Several security vulnerabilities in the design of PEAR were discovered due to the particular Command Pattern implementation used to detect file roles , commands , and other plugins .
Pyrus fixes this by requiring that all plugins be installed into a centralized location separate from the actual PEAR installation .
In addition , installation of plugins cannot happen at the same time as installation of packages , thus the enforced separation ensures a level of security that is much higher than PEAR supports , while preserving the flexibility that extending the installer provides .
Pyrus also feaures true package signing and signature verification using OpenSSL PKCS # 12 and X.509 certificates .
This allows users to directly verify the validity of a package , protecting from man - in - the - middle attacks and other potential disruptions of a package release .
This feature requires the openssl extension , which is not enabled by default .
PEAR supports signing packages using PGP keys , but has no mechanism in place to verify the signed packages .
Pyrus will refuse to install a signed package without verifying the signature even if the openssl extension is not enabled .
In addition , the new paranoia setting can be used to control how upgrades are performed to releases that change the API , helping to guarantee safe upgrades to future releases .
Smaller than PEAR Because Pyrus takes advantage of PHP 5.3's built in support for XML processing , archive handling , and advanced structures through the simplexml , libxml2 , phar , sqlite3 , and spl extensions , Pyrus is significantly smaller than PEAR , and as a result consumes far less memory to accomplish its tasks .
Faster than PEAR Pyrus is also faster than PEAR because of its reliance on built - in features of PHP 5.3 and a more structured object - oriented design .
More robust than PEAR Pyrus has redundant registries in XML and Sqlite3 database formats , as well as support for the existing PEAR registry .
Reconstruction of a corrupted registry is simple and fully supported .
In addition , all installation tasks occur within an atomic transaction , including file installation and removal , so that if an installation or uninstall command fails mid-stream , or something as drastic as a power failure occurs , the PEAR installation will be not be left in a half - installed state .
More flexible than PEAR Pyrus supports cascading installations , so that a system - wide installation of core packages can be recognized .
By default , include_path is used to detect PEAR installations , but a different location for a PEAR installation can be passed directly to Pyrus as its first argument .
Convention over configuration allows packages constructed with the new PEAR2 coding standards to be installed simply by extracting the archive , and then later upgraded using Pyrus without the intermediate step of using Pyrus to install the packages .
For the first time , this allows a try - before - you - buy approach to be possible .
The same principle also makes bundling a PEAR2 package in another package 's source repository possible , and Pyrus can be used to easily upgrade the package or revert to a previous version .
More tested than PEAR Pyrus has been developed with extensive unit testing and xdebug coverage data has been used to verify that the code is being executed .
As a result , the first alpha release of Pyrus has 10 % higher code coverage than the most recent stable version of the PEAR Installer .
Configuration files
One of the most important conceptual changes in Pyrus is how configuration is handled .
PEAR was designed to handle at most 2 installations by default , a system and a user PEAR installation , and it excels at this .
As soon as PEAR is used on multiple installations , a separate configuration file must be specified ( as in pear - c / path / to / another / pear.conf install blah ) .
This leads to what is colloquially referred to as " config hell " , where it is easy to accidentally install things into the wrong place without realizing it .
Pyrus 's configuration handling is specifically engineered to eliminate config hell , and to make handling multiple PEAR installations simple .
PEAR stores all configuration values in a single configuration file , and allows specifying a different configuration file for different setups .
In addition , PEAR supports automatic cascade of a system configuration file and a user configuration file .
The configuration values are used when installing applications , and for customizing things like the path to php in the PEAR Installer 's pear command .
Configuration files are stored separate from the PEAR installations that they represent .
Pyrus instead splits up configuration files into two separate components : one file contains user customizations such as the preferred stability of packages to install , the username and password for logging into a channel , the verbose setting and so on .
Configuration variables that affect where to install files are stored in a separate configuration that is tightly bound to the PEAR installation .
Thus , a PEAR configuration setup might look like : System configuration in /etc / pear.conf , defines php_dir as /usr / local / lib / php
User configuration in / home / username /.pearrc , defines php_dir as / home / username / pear .
include_path is set to /home / username / pear:/usr/local/lib/php .
The equivalent configuration setup with Pyrus would look like : Pyrus - based installation in /usr / local / lib / pear , system configuration stored in /usr / local / pear /.config and php files in / usr / local / lib / pear / php .
Another Pyrus - based installation in / home / username / pear , system configuration stored in / home / username / pear /.config and php files in / home / username / pear / php .
User configuration in /home/username/.pear/pearconfig.xml .
include_path is set to /home / username / pear:/usr/local/lib/pear/php .
By default , Pyrus uses the include_path to locate PEAR installations , but this is configurable with the new user configuration variable my_pear_path , which is a PATH_SEPARATOR separated list of paths to PEAR installations .
In addition , an explicit path can be directly passed to Pyrus : php pyrus.phar /home / username / pear:/usr/local /lib/pear list - packages
The above command will list the installed packages in both registries in / home / username / pear and in / usr / local / lib / pear / php .
A detailed reference of Pyrus 's handling of configuration files is here
Registries Pyrus fully supports PEAR 's registry format , but introduces 2 new registry formats , an sqlite3 database - based registry , and an XML file - based registry .
These registries are fully redundant , and can be used to repair or reconstruct a corrupt registry .
In addition , unlike PEAR , which stores the registry in the same directory as the PHP source files , Pyrus stores the registry in its parent directory .
Thus , PHP files stored in / usr / local / lib / php have their registry in /usr / local / lib .
For backwards compatibility , an older PEAR registry is always stored in the location the PEAR Installer expects it to be stored .
Pyrus is intelligent enough to detect which registries are present , and to use them .
If only an older PEAR registry exists , Pyrus will not automatically upgrade to the newer format .
However , the upgrade - registries command is available to convert from an older registry to the newer format .
Some of the benefits of the newer registry format include much speedier processing of a large registry at installation time due to Sqlite3 's speedy processing .
Additionally , truly safe uninstall - time resolution of dependencies is possible , something that PEAR can only do for relatively simple package dependency trees .
In addition , the XML registry consists of storing the package.xml and channel.xml files for package releases in the same location that they are packaged .
This is what makes it possible to extract a package created with Pyrus and then later use Pyrus to upgrade it .
For instance , the hypothetical PEAR2 _Foo package from channel pear2.
php.net version 1.2.3 will store its package.xml in path .xmlregistry /packages/pear2.php.net/PEAR2_Foo/1.2.3-package.xml inside the archive , so that when it is extracted , it lines up exactly with how the package would look on disk when installed with the XML registry .
package.xml changes
Pyrus no longer supports package.xml version 1.0 , although it will include a package.xml version 1.0 in an archive designed to support both earlier PEAR versions and the more recent versions .
It does not validate the package.xml , however , and so it is important to validate any older package.xml format using PEAR and not Pyrus .
In addition , Pyrus has introduced support for PEAR2 packages that can be extracted to disk and then later upgraded using Pyrus .
To implement this feature , Pyrus transforms paths in a different way from PEAR .
For example , this entry from a package.xml : < dir name = " php " baseinstalldir= " PEAR2 " > < dir name = " Pyrus " > < dir name = " Developer " > < dir name = " CoverageAnalyzer " > < dir name = " Source File " > < file role = " php " name = " PerTest.php " /> </dir > </dir > </dir > </ dir > </ dir > would cause PEAR to install PerTest.php into the relative path PEAR2 / php / Pyrus / Developer / CoverageAnalyzer / SourceFile/PerTest.php .
Pyrus , however , recognizes that php is actually the default value of the php_dir system configuration variable , and strips it from the path , resulting in PerTest .
php being installed into the path : PEAR2 / Pyrus / Developer / CoverageAnalyzer / SourceFile/PerTest.php .
To enable this handling , one need only set the < pearinstaller > dependency to version 2.0.0 a1 or newer .
Pyrus will automatically recognize any package.xml with a < pearinstaller > dependency on any version of the PEAR Installer as an older package.xml , and will not perform the magic removal of configuration values from directories .
No other changes have been made to package.xml handling , except that the default version of package.xml used when generating a package.xml is version 2.1 , which has been supported by the PEAR Installer since version 1.5.0 .
Extending Pyrus : plugins
The PEAR Installer allowed packages to install custom commands as well as custom file roles and custom file tasks that are used in package.xml .
Pyrus also allows this , but the format of plugins is very different .
If you are simply a user of PEAR , you probably wo n't notice the difference , except that some packages that use custom file roles or tasks will not be installable by Pyrus until the maintainer releases an update that will work with both PEAR and Pyrus .
PEAR extensions are installed directly into the location where the PEAR installer is located .
Thus , if PEAR is located in / usr / local / lib / php / PEAR , a custom command must install its XML information file and PHP script into / usr / local / lib / php / PEAR / Command , a custom file role must install its XML information file and PHP script into /usr / local / lib / php / PEAR / Installer / Role and a custom file task must install its PHP script into /usr / local / lib / php / PEAR / Task .
Pyrus is distributed as a phar archive , so this model is no longer physically possible , one cannot just magically insert files into the phar archive without considerable pain and annoyance ( the phar. readonly INI setting must be disabled by hand ) .
Instead , Pyrus installs all plugins into a location specified by the new plugins_dir user configuration variable .
By default , this installs plugins into $ HOME /. pear / plugins on unix systems , and My Documents \pear\plugins on Windows .
All plugins to Pyrus now must provide an xml file with one of the three new file roles customcommand , customrole or customtask in package.xml .
Pyrus uses the information in the XML file to locate the PHP script that will execute the plugin .
In addition , only one plugin is allowed per package , and the first one Pyrus encounters is the one that will be used .
More information on custom plugins is provided in the Pyrus plugins section of the manual .
For developers of existing PEAR custom roles / tasks and post - install scripts , a special kind of file role that allows configuration of your package after installation , making your work compatible with Pyrus can be accomplished .
See the documentation on Custom Roles , Custom Tasks , and Post - install scripts .
[ PD - dev ] Pure Data / gridflow / running flow_objects .
c
Hey , I know its too much to ask but can someone write a .pd file for giving a result as shown in the png ( http://gridflow.ca/gallery/multiblob.png<http://gridflow.ca/gallery/multiblob.png%28the>).
I 'm juggling 2 internships and college at a time , and after what IOhannes said i saw the prog in the png but had some doubts in places - like in some places its not clear what is connected where ( for instance the block with > =25 is connected to sqrt or #labeling or both ? ) and in the unused stuff : section theres a block with the symbols ( *...*) , i''m not sure what that is either .
I would greatly appreciate the help ... Sisil .
On Wed , Aug 5 , 2009 at 12:41 PM , IOhannes m zmoelnig < zmoelnig at iem.at > wrote : > sisil mehta wrote : > >>
Hey , >> ya , gridflow does work , i tried some examples . >> so to get the result as shown in : >>
http://gridflow.ca/gallery/multiblob.png(the<http://gridflow.ca/gallery/multiblob.png%28the>multiblob patch ) do i >> have to write the program for it ?
so is it >> available somewhere ? >> > > > well , this might seem dumb : but the png you refer to probably shows the > entire program you have to write ( apart from the erosion subpatch , for which > you can probably find an example in the gf help ) > > > gamsdr > IOhannes > >
_______________________________________________ >
Pd - dev mailing list >
Pd - dev at iem.at >
http://lists.puredata.info/listinfo/pd-dev > >
-------------- next part
--------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed ...
URL : < http://lists.puredata.info/pipermail/pd-dev/attachments/20090805/e9972cfa/attachment.htm>
Has the Stock Rally Peaked ?
This time last week , we began with a typical bar stool question :
Where ’s the market headed ?
Since stocks have been intent on going nowhere ( the S&P has piddled forward to a 0.5 % gain so far this week ) , we ’ll turn that query on its head today :
Where ’s the market been ?
The answer is that the market ’s caught up in one of the biggest bear market rallies in American history .
See for yourself :
The current bear market rally is longer in duration than any Depression - era rebound , and is second only in magnitude to the initial crash snapback in 1929 .
Bill Bonner suggested yesterday that we are “ at the beginning of a long period of adjustment — a depression . ”
Hmmm …
And the current stock rebound looks a lot like the rally of 1929 , during the very early stages of the Great Depression .
So if history is to repeat , that would put us :
In finance , be cautious of anyone who uses historical correlation to back up their argument .
In shipping , just flat out run from them .
Shipping 's notorious Baltic Dry Index , which is an index of spot rates for shipping dry bulk commodities such as coal and iron ore around the world , achieved deathdefying heights and then , well , death - causing lows , in the course of 2008 , falling 90 % from its peak , and attracted a lot of attention in the process both on the way up and down .
The BDI meme is still alive , especially given a recent rally , and we have quite a few people claiming it as a quality indicator , or even the best indicator ( sheesh ) for the direction of stock markets or the world economy .
Unfortunately , a lot of smart people misunderstand what the BDI represents .
Not a Reliable Leading Indicator - The BDI
Recently , the French economist and commodities guru Philippe Chalmin touted the index at a conference in Cannes for example .
Closer home to the web , Bespoke Investment Group raised the question of whether or not there is a relationship between the stock market and the BDI here .
And there are others all over the web .
If anyone can send me a major house 's piece on BDI / market correlation I 'd be elated .
The Baltic Dry Index is currently riding an eleven day winning streak during which the index has gained 43 % .
Year to date , the index is now up 228 % .
Given that it is a measure of shipping rates , the increase in the Baltic Dry Index is regarded by many as an important indicator of an improving global economy .
How this translates to the stock market , however , is unclear .
Over the long term ( since 1985 ) , the Baltic Dry Index and the S&P 500 have had a positive correlation of 0.5 ( 1 = perfect correlation , - 1 = perfect inverse correlation ) .
Like everything else recently , though , that relationship has been turned completely upside down .
As shown in the chart below , the S&P 500 and the Baltic Dry Index have been moving in opposite directions for most of 2009 .
As one has risen , the other has declined , and when one falls , the other seems to rise .
Looking at the correlation between the two shows that year to date , they have had a negative correlation of - 0.4 , which implies a significant inverse relationship between the two .
Bespoke sort of leaves things hanging , but seems to imply that we should n't care about the BDI when wondering where the stock market will go .
I hope so at least .
Because there is no way the BDI is a reliable leading indicator of much , if anything , let alone the stock market .
If one wants to track commodities demand as a signal of the economy , just look at the actual nominal commodities demand .
But before we go here , let 's confront correlation studies such as the above and as frequently exist elsewhere .
I have actually done a rather in - depth BDI correlation study in the past during my tenure as shipping analyst at Citi .
One important thing to note about correlation is that you need to look at correlations for many different time periods because if you just calculate a single correlation then it will be highly dependent on your start and end dates .
For example , in the Bespoke correlation above , they use a period where the US markets went up over 20 + years and when at the same time the BDI also went up .
Surprise , surprise , the correlation is positive over this long period .
But if you dig into the details , then one can find many examples where correlation was very negative , and to be fair they show this with their 2009 data .
In addition to this , as I have found by doing correlation studies in the past on the BDI vs. shipping stocks in particular , the outcome for any sort of trading strategy based on correlation can differ greatly from your long term correlation .
Correlations can reverse for long enough that you are wiped out if you follow some sort of period correlation trading strategy .
Now to make things more clear , I think its even best to step back from numbers or historical correlations and think about some very important differences between the nature of the BDI and the nature of a stock price for a company or market .
The BDI measures the rate to ship something around the world , ie .
the COST to ship something around the world .
On the other hand , the stock of a company represents ownership of a productive asset , a company .
( well , at least usually they are productive ! )
A company is seeking ways to be more efficient , grow the size of its business and generally increase its value .
What this means is that while shipping rates should track the cost to ship something around the world , which actually in the long term should be declining on a real basis due to human progress ( and has been ) , a company ( when managed properly ) , or collection of stocks , ie .
a stock market , should actually be increasing in value over time on a real basis due to human progress .
If we want to think about the value of all the companies in the world versus the cost to ship a ton of ore around the world , in the long term the value of global business will be increasing while the costs to float ore will be falling .
For shipping costs to rise in the long term , humans would have to somehow become less and less efficient at transportation over time .
Unlikely .
Why do shipping rates seem to jump all over the place ?
Due to near term supply of ships versus demand for commodities .
Its just a matter of bottleneck problems .
If rates go up it can come from either of two things , not enough ships at the time or too much commodities demand at the time .
In a situation where ship owners match demand , which over the long run they will , then rates wo n't sky rocket and will just track their costs plus some margin for their effort .
Now in regards to the BDI as an economic indicator , and there are tons of similar views out there , I have just pasted an example below , where economist Susan Lee says the following .
I suggest you watch an index that will tell you when the world economies are starting to perk up and when trade conditions are really starting to ease .
It ’s called the Baltic Dry Index .
Essentially the Baltic
Dry tracks the average daily price for shipping dry bulk like coal , iron ore , wheat and soybeans .
There are three things that make it such a good leading indicator .
One , the index looks at raw materials , so it captures activity at the very beginning of the production process .
Two , it looks at ocean shipping , so it reveals what ’s happening to international trade — the critical driver of global growth .
And , three , the shipping business depends heavily on credit , so the Baltic Dry indicates whether credit is tight or loose .
Back in 2005 , when the world ’s economies were just fine and credit was abundant , the Baltic Dry looked like a powerhouse .
But it peaked in May of 2008 .
And it ’s been heading almost straight down ever since — losing about 90 percent of its value .
I do n't mean to pick on the quote above alone , a lot of people are making the same argument , the quote above was just the most convenient at hand .
But essentially one problem with using the BDI for economic forecasting is that the BDI could feasibly go up in an environment where commodities demand was shrinking , if the supply of ships was shrinking even faster .
These would be negative economic factors .
This is because the BDI 's value is not solely driven from the demand side .
To me , it makes far more sense to just look at nominal demand for commodities rather than the BDI since the BDI has the complicating factor of vessel supply growth one needs to consider .
The other thing is that the BDI is a measure of spot rates for dry bulk commodities consumers who , generally , are in the near term forced to pay whatever it takes to get their raw materials shipped ( A steel plant needs to keep operating despite some higher ore transportation cost ) .
On the flipside , vessel owners are in a similar boat ( no pun intended ) , and in the near term are generally forced to take whatever rate they can get to fill their ships .
( A ship sitting around is just a cost , ie .
fixed costs are high , thus using a ship at a loss is usually better than not using it at all )
Because of these inelastic characteristics of supply and demand , and since the BDI is a measure of spot rates , the BDI is thus absurdly volatile .
I can explain why via the following simplified example , which I used to use frequently at Citi .
Imagine you have 10 loads of iron ore and 9 ships , and that every load of iron ore must be sent no matter what while every ship must be filled no matter what .
Imagine the bidding war between those 10 iron ore consumers fighting over just 9 ships .
Shipping cost would skyrocket since they all need to ship regardless of cost .
Now imagine if a week later two more ships enter the market .
Now imagine the bidding process .
Suddenly the tables have completely changed .
You have 11 ships , that all need to be filled no matter what , and only 10 loads of ore .
Shipping rates would plunge , despite a period of just a week passing by .
This is , in a simplified nutshell why the BDI is so volatile .
Now , add to this the fact that predicting ship supply and commodities demand has a pretty high margin of error , at the same time remembering how sensitive the BDI is to small mismatches due to the inelastic nature of its underlying supply and demand , and you quickly realize that predicting the BDI is a fool 's game and also that it is not a reliable forward indicator given that it is a spot rate index in a market where both sides are basically forced to close a deal due to high fixed costs .
The BDI is measure of supply / demand mismatch at the moment , and can change drastically on a dime .
Its little else beyond this .
It hit its peak not when the global economy was in its healthiest state , but in early 2008 when things were already starting to come apart , but Chinese commodities demand growth still had some steam and just kept outstripping stagnant vessel supply growth .
For a moment .
And then it all collapsed .
And BDI correlators got annihilated in popular stocks such as DryShips ( DRYS ) .
Thus , let 's hope that we put to rest any talk of the BDI as a reliable leading indicator , even if in six months someone datamines some new , latest correlation .
This post originally appeared at Reserach Reloaded .
Speaking to play.tm at GamesCom , EA Sports President Peter Moore said that he , like the rest of the industry , is pleased that the price of the PlayStation 3 console has been cut to $ 299 , saying that the move was “ great for the industry ” .
Moore stated :
“ I think history has told us that when you get a substantial price drop you bring in new segment of the audience that is ready to buy .
I think it ’s even more important in today ’s tough economic times … , ”
Moore also offered his expertise on the price cut :
“ Certainly having been that side of the aisle before and doing a lot of work , doing what ’s known as elasticity studies where you very quietly talk to potential customers to ask ‘ if the price is this would you buy ? ’
And then you actually do data analysis and figure out where the price should be …
And then you actually do data analysis and figure out where the price should be .
It ’s not something that three people sit around in a room and guess .
They do a lot of what ’s known as blind studies , so they typically would n’t identify themselves as Sony or PlayStation .
That ’s exactly how we did it at Microsoft and you do the analytics because you ’ve got to get it right . ”
A price cut , as well as a new , aggressive marketing campaign for the PS3 certainly means good news for multiplatform publishers as more consoles will ultimately mean more game sales , however there is currently no word on whether Moore will be getting a tattoo to commemorate the moment .
[ Source ]
particular helping to run the Writers ' Group .
The improvisatory techniques and exercises evolved there to foster spontaneity and narrative skills were developed further in the actors ' studio then in demonstrations to schools and colleges and ultimately in the founding of a company of performers , called The Theatre Machine .
Divided into four sections , ' Status ' , ' Spontaneity ' , ' Narrative Skills ' , and ' Masks and Trance ' , arranged more or less in the order a group might approach them , the book sets out the specific techniques and exercises which Johnstone has himself found most useful and most stimulating .
The result is both an ideas book and a fascinating exploration of the nature of spontaneous creativity .
… ( more Keith Johnstone 's involvement with the theatre began when George Devine and Tony Richardson , artistic directors of the Royal Court Theatre , commissioned a play from him .
This was in 1956 .
A few years later he was himself Associate Artistic Director , working as a play - reader and director , in
Torrent sharing site The Pirate Bay has been taken offline by its primary ISP – Black Internet .
According to a decision by the Stockholm District Court to the ISP Black Internet to stop supplying capacity to the Pirate Bay , or risk a penalty of 500,000 Swedish kronor ( £ 43,000 / $ 71,000 ) .
“ We received the decision on penalty just after lunch and turned the capacity just before three approximately .
There are laws and rules in society and should be followed .
What we like it here and how we act in the future , we have not decided yet , “ says Black Internet ’s CEO Victor Moller to DN.se .
Former spokesperson for the site Peter Sunde has been tweeting : “ A Swedish court apparantly decided it is illegal to be an ISP ” , following that up with “ it ’s a scandal as usual of course ” .
black Internet is not the only company that sells capacity to Pirate Bay , but Victor Moller says that it is all that now threatened with the penalty .
He assumes that Black Internet is the largest supplier to the Pirate Bay .
“ They will be able to redirect and get the capacity from elsewhere , but of course it takes some time , ” says Victor Moller .
via
Read next : Hulu UK launch getting closer
Julie & Julia ( Julia Child ) & Pasta .
This is a short story about Julia Child , “ La Gigantessa ” , and her “ Kentucky Wonder Pasta ” moment with my mother Lucrezia .
As the crow flies the farm I grew up on is less than 6 miles up Massachusetts Avenue to Harvard Square , smack dab in the center of the People ’s Republic of Cambridge , Massachusetts .
My father , Giuseppe ( “ Pippo ” ) specialized in farming uncommon varieties of vegetables .
Many of the seeds originated in the sea side village we came from in Sicily .
Most of his crops went to ethnic markets and restaurants in the Boston area .
We also had a farm stand which my mother Lucrezia ( “ Cicitta ” ) ran with my Aunt Rosina .
It was chalk full of things you could n’t find anywhere else .
On most Sunday ’s , in season , the stand ’s parking lot overflowed onto the street .
Many customers were European and Asian immigrants , as well as African - Americans from Boston ’s inner city who truly appreciated the host of vegetables he prided himself in making available .
These were the foodies of that era , except they did n’t know they were foodies ; just people yearning for a taste of home .
It took Julia Child and the subsequent onslaught of television cooking programs to make many of these uncommon vegetables part of the average American diet .
By the mid-eighties the food and cooking phenomena in the U.S. had hit its stride .
Television cooking shows and food writing of every dimension ( howdy from The Pasta Channel !!!!! ) have now become an integral part of our lives .
Ms. Child was a Cambridge resident for many years .
She was also an occasional customer at our farm stand .
We had no idea who she was until her name became a household commodity in the late 60’s .
Up until then she was known as “ La Gigantessa ” ( The Giantess ) as my mother called her .
Imagine a six foot two inch , Waspish woman , and a four foot eleven and one half inch , plumpish Sicilian woman , who spoke halting English , chattering away about the best uses for Kentucky Wonder String Beans .
That would have been my mother , Lucrezia , and Julia Child sometime around 1968 .
My mother waved me over one day to interpret for them .
We still did n’t know she was a cooking maven on our local public television station WGBH .
She wanted to be certain Julia , like all of our other customers she offered recipes to , was clear on the process for making Pasta with Kentucky Wonder String Beans topped with pan toasted , garlicky bread crumbs .
At the time I had little idea of the wealth of knowledge that was in front of me .
Not just Julia Child , but my mother , who cooked for a farm crew almost every day and would not repeat dishes for weeks at a time .
Here ’s Lucrezia ’s extraordinarily simple and simply delicious Pasta with Kentucky Wonder String Beans .
Pasta With String Beans – Serves 4
1lb. Kentucky Wonder or any other String Beans – with ends removed
Garlic – 3 medium cloves chopped very fine
Olive Oil
Sea Salt
Black Pepper
Dry Unseasoned Bread Crumbs – 2 cups
Pecorino Romano Cheese – grated
1lb. Spaghetti
In a large pan sauté a glove of garlic in two tablespoons olive oil .
Add the 2 cups of unseasoned bread crumbs , several pinches of salt and coarse black pepper , and shake or stir constantly over a medium heat until dark brown .
Set aside to cool .
Boil the green beans in three quarts salted water for about four minutes .
Remove with a slotted spoon .
Do not rinse !!
In the same water , break the 1lb. of spaghetti in half , and cook until extra firm .
Brown two cloves of garlic in two tablespoons olive oil , add the string beans , stir , then add the pasta and toss well .
Top with Pecorino Romano and heaping amounts of the garlicky browned bread crumbs .
You will never forget this dish .
Written by Dino Romano , former Pasta Channel Italian Food Blogger , Italian Cook Extraordinaire ,
Entrepreneur and Raconteur .
Has taken Kyle Phillips ( former Principle / Blogger for the About.com
Guide to Italian Food ) to task on several supposedly “ authentic ” Italian recipes .
We 've been lobbying the Department of Justice all these months without realizing that the key to justice lay in the Department of the Interior , and specifically in the National Park Service , which has told activist Steve Lane he will be prosecuted if he attempts to demonstrate waterboarding at Thursday 's anti-torture rally in Washington , D.C.
The permit for the rally reads " Waterboarding exhibit will not be allowed for safety reasons . "
Of course it 's not news that the government views waterboarding as a crime .
Attorney General Eric
Holder called it torture at his confirmation hearings .
But it is news that someone has been threatened with prosecution if he engages in torture .
We learn about ongoing torture by the government all the time , and we 're told all the time that torture is no longer official policy , and yet in neither type of story is there ever any suggestion that the laws against torture might be enforced , now or in the future .
In the government 's view , torture must be less safe when performed without the benefit of government resources , doctors , lawyers , psychologists , videographers , and vice presidents .
However , street demonstrations of waterboarding have yet to produce a single corpse to add to the pile produced by official U.S. government torture .
Other crimes in Washington are also crimes if you or I commit them , but not if someone else does .
When a group of us ordinary citizens spoke against the wars in Iraq , Afghanistan , and Palestine in the lobby of a senate office building on January 6th of this year ( video ) we were hauled off to jail .
Bill Moyers ' Journal covered the story ( video ) .
But when tourist groups are spoken to by senators in the same lobby , no crime occurs ( video ) .
I 'm not talking about the people who hung banners from the balconies , or the passersby who cheered .
I 'm talking about those of us who stood and read the names of the dead .
Seventeen of us ( including some who hung banners ) were arrested .
Some of us paid a fine .
On Monday , four face prosecution for unlawful assembly even though freedom of assembly is guaranteed in the Constitution , while warrantless wiretapping -- just to pick one example of ongoing government crimes -- is banned by the Constitution .
The greatest hypocrisy is not that tour groups can make noise whereas citizens with a political message cannot .
The greatest hypocrisy is not that our president is speaking up for protesters as long as they are in Iran , while the Pentagon considers protesting to constitute " low level terrorism " when practiced within the United States .
The greatest hypocrisy is that laws are being enforced while the most important laws and the most egregious violations are being ignored as a matter of loudly announced principle .
When Laurie Arbeiter , Robbie Diesu , Michelle Grise , and Pete Perry appear in court on Monday they will not be able to ask the judge to stop looking backward , even though their " crimes " occurred in January .
They will not be able to accuse the judge of petty vengeance for his or her refusal to " look forward . "
They will be compelled to face the question of whether they violated a law .
( Never mind that the Capitol Police arrested us and then figured out hours later something they could most plausibly charge us with . )
Meanwhile , Dick Cheney confesses to felonies every time he opens his mouth , a civil suit against John Yoo has produced a 42 - page order that could easily serve as an indictment , and the families our drones keep bombing in Afghanistan could never be persuaded that reading the names of the dead is the most serious crime that has occurred .
The House has impeached a judge for groping despite his already having been convicted in court .
But another judge responsible for torture is permitted to continue ruling on cases .
Here are two ideas to try to straighten our priorities out :
First , call Assistant Attorney General Elizabeth A. Meyers and ask that the charges against those who read the names of the dead be dropped : 202-727-3500 or 202-727-4783 .
Second , take part in Torture Accountability Action Day on Thursday , June 25th , by joining our rally and march in Washington , D.C. , ( 11 a.m. at John Marshall Park ) or any of the rallies happening around the country on the same day : http://tortureaccountability.webs.com/eventsacrossus.htm
_______
In a lengthy interview in the latest issue of The Believer magazine , Thom Yorke has revealed that we 'll probably be waiting quite a long time for the next proper Radiohead album .
We 're more likely to get some EPs or singles or one - off musical releases ( perhaps like [ " Harry Patch [ In Memory Of ] " ] ( http://pitchfork.com/reviews/tracks/11430-harry-patch-in-memory-of/
" " Harry Patch [ In Memory Of ] " " ) ? ) in the near future .
" None of us want to go into that creative hoo - ha of a long - play record again .
Not straight off , " Yorke said .
" I mean , it 's just become a real drag .
It worked with In Rainbows because we had a real fixed idea about where we were going .
But we 've all said that we can't possibly dive into that again .
It 'll kill us . "
He clarified that Radiohead does n't inherently hate the concept of the full - length .
He said , " I mean , obviously , there 's still something great about the album .
It 's just , for us , right now , we need to get away from it a bit . "
Later , he added , " In Rainbows was a particular aesthetic and I can't bear the idea of doing that again .
Not that it 's not good , I just can 't ... bear ... that . "
One kind of Radiohead - related music that might materialize ?
Orchestral works .
As Yorke told The Believer , " Jonny [ Greenwood ] and I have talked about sitting down and writing songs for orchestra and orchestrating it fully and just doing it like that and then doing a live take of it and that 's it - finished .
We 've always wanted to do it , but we 've never done it because , I think the reason is , we 're always taking songs that have n't been written for that , and then trying to adapt them .
That 's one possible EP because , with things like that , you think , Do you want to do a whole record like that ?
Or do you just want to get stuck into it for a bit and see how it feels ? "
The entire interview is well worth reading , with Yorke celebrating the death of the CD and the downfall of the music industry as we know it , reflecting on the difficulty of environmentally - friendly touring and music releasing , and musing on the state of Radiohead in general .
There 's also this wonderful exchange : *
The Believer : Do you feel like there 's any definitive sound that you 've been solidifying over your career ?
Thom Yorke : I fucking hope not .*
Amongst the varied practical applications of tissue engineering presently under development , growing replacement teeth has consistantly been near the front of the pack .
Given the lower levels of risk involved in working on less vital structures such as teeth and hair , it would n't be surprising to see these medical applications of stem cells and tissue engineering brought to widespread clinical use in advance of heart and nerve regeneration .
In any case , here is another step forward towards those shiny new teeth you 've been waiting for , grown from your own stem cells :
Fully functioning teeth have been grown from stem cells planted in the mouths of mice , scientists said today .
If you head over to PNAS , you 'll find that the paper is open access and the full PDF is available :
The ultimate goal of regenerative therapy is to develop fully functioning bioengineered organs which work in cooperation with surrounding tissues to replace organs that were lost or damaged as a result of disease , injury , or aging .
Here , we report a successful fully functioning tooth replacement in an adult mouse achieved through the transplantation of bioengineered tooth germ into the alveolar bone in the lost tooth region .
We propose this technology as a model for future organ replacement therapies .
The bioengineered tooth , which was erupted and occluded , had the correct tooth structure , hardness of mineralized tissues for mastication , and response to noxious stimulations such as mechanical stress and pain in cooperation with other oral and maxillofacial tissues .
Much of this paper is concerned with establishing that , yes , this tooth is functionally sound and fully integrated with surrounding bone , tissue , and nerves - which is a big deal .
It 's all too easy to envisage techniques of tissue engineering that fail for one reason or another to generate the correct form of large - scale tissue growth .
Japanese research groups have been turning out a number of interesting and important advances in past years , and here they 've managed it again .
Quick Vote
When do you think the economy will improve ?
In the next few months
In six months to a year
In a year or more
It 's already on the mend or View results
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) --
The U.S. transportation secretary sought an investigation on Tuesday into a seven - hour airport runway delay that outraged proponents of legislation aimed at forcing airlines to improve customer service .
" While we do n't yet have all the facts , this incident as reported is very troubling , " Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said in a statement .
He asked the department 's inspector general to look into the Aug. 8 incident involving ExpressJet Holdings Inc. , ( XJT ) a feeder for Continental Airlines Inc. ( CAL , Fortune 500 ) in which passengers were stranded aboard the ExpressJet Airlines regional jet for nearly seven hours overnight .
Flight 2816 from Houston to Minneapolis with 47 passengers was diverted to Rochester , Minn. , because of bad weather .
LaHood said he wanted to know if either company " has violated any laws " in the delay .
" We are investigating the incident and will do whatever we can to make sure passengers are not subjected to such situations in the future , " LaHood said .
Julie King , a spokeswoman for Continental , said the carrier is working with Transportation Department officials " to respond quickly to their inquiry . "
Officials of ExpressJet could not immediately be reached .
Both companies are based in Houston .
Regulators are considering a rule to address delays in which passengers are required to stay aboard planes holding on the ground for long periods of time .
Legislation moving through Congress , prompted by similar incidents at other airlines in 2007 , would require carriers to let people off grounded planes after three hours .
ExpressJet shares finished up a penny to $ 1.50 on Tuesday on the New York exchange , while Continental shares fell 1.4 % to $ 11.92 .
Senator Amy Klobuchar , a member of the Commerce Committee from Minnesota , had pressed for an investigation and vowed to pursue completion of " passenger rights " legislation when Congress returns in September .
" More needs to be done to establish clear processes for the proper treatment of passengers during extended flight delays , " Klobuchar said in a letter to executives of Continental and ExpressJet .
The tiddler who caught a monster : Schoolgirl angler nets record catch that 's twice her size and weighs 14stone
There should only have been one winner .
On the riverbank was Jessica Wanstall , 4ft 10in tall weighing less than six stone ( 84lb ) and something of a tiddler among anglers .
In the river was a monster , a near 9ft catfish that hit the scales at a record 13st 8lb ( 193lb ) .
But despite its size and whiskery age , the fish was no match for the skills of 11 - year - old Jessica who waged a 20 - minute battle to land her prize .
What a catch : Jessica Wanstall with the 9ft - long , 14 stone catfish she caught during a trip to Spain 's River Ebro
Jessica , from Sittingbourne , Kent , hooked the fish during a trip with her father to the Ebro River in North - East Spain .
She said : ‘ I did n’t realise just how big it was until I saw the photos afterwards .
I look tiny next to it .
‘ My dad thought it was going to be a small one and I told him it did n’t feel small when I picked up the rod .
It was really hard work pulling it in and my arms turned to jelly .
‘ My dad helped lift it on to the bank and I just laughed when I saw it .
It was massive . ’
Her father Mark , a 49 - year - old engineer , helped return the catfish to the river after his daughter ’s triumph was photographed .
He said : ‘ Jessica normally catches tiddlers but just loves a day ’s fishing .
Reeling it in :
The 11 - year - old schoolgirl needed help from her father Mark to heave the fish out of the water
‘ As the fish got near we could see how big it was .
Then its tail came out of the water and it looked like the Loch Ness Monster .
Everybody on the bank was gasping .
I ’m so proud of her . ’
And so he should be .
According to the International Game Fish Association , Jessica has set a world record for a freshwater fish caught by an angler aged 16 and under .
Skip to comments .
All Dogs Go to Heaven - Religious Sign Debate - Funny
Notoriously Conservative ^ | 06 13 09 | Notoriously Conservative
Posted on by Notoriously Conservative
I got this in an e-mail the other day .
This is literally a ' church signs ' debate , being played out in a Southern US town , between Our Lady of Martyrs Catholic Church , and Cumberland Presbyterian , a fundamentalist church .
From top to bottom shows you the response and counter - response over time .
TOPICS :
Humor
Religion
KEYWORDS :
funny
humor
religion
http://www.notoriouslyconservative.com/2009/06/all-dogs-go-to-heaven-religious-sign.html
To : Notoriously Conservative
That last one is Hilarious !!!
To : Notoriously Conservative
Not real signs ; made with a “ church sign ” generator .
This has popped up before ...
To : Safrguns
I read this quote the other day ... something like , “ I do n’t know if dogs go to heaven or not , but I want to go where they go . ”
To : Notoriously Conservative
Amazing how the same camera angle and lighting appears in all shots ...
by 5 posted onby kingu ( Party for rent - conservative opinions not required . )
To : raccoonradio
killjoy
To : Mercat
What wonderful nonsense .
There are no winner or losers , just plain good fun .
To : Notoriously Conservative
This bitch is going to hell .
by 8 posted onby DogBarkTree ( Support The American Tea Party )
To : Notoriously Conservative
It ’s fiction !
Nothing is true about this .
Get over it .
To : Jeffrey_D .
Americans dream about going to dog heaven when they die , and muslims dream about 72 virgins .
I just do n’t know what to think about that .
What about the animals we slaughter and eat ?
are we going to see them in heaven too ?
Does a muslim dog get 72 virgins when it dies ?
What about pigs ?
jews and muslims both think they are unclean .
by 10 posted onby mamelukesabre ( Si Vis Pacem Para Bellum ( If you want peace prepare for war ) )
To : Notoriously Conservative
“ All rocks go to heaven ... and even some rock - heads ” .
by 11 posted onby ApplegateRanch ( The mob got President Barabbas ; America got shafted )
To : Mercat
sorry to spoil the fun :)
To : Notoriously Conservative
Whoever went hog wild with the online church sign generator not only could n’t spell , but was also unfamiliar with descriptions of Heaven , and also with John Calvin ’s writings on the Restoration .
It ’s a Protestant view , based upon Romans 8:19 - 24 foremost among several Biblical passages , that animals are rewarded for their suffering .
It ’s the Catholic church that flatly denies anything outside of this existence to anyone but men and women who have accepted salvation .
As I ’ve pointed out myself , there are animals ... and rocks for that matter , in Heaven .
What are gemstones ?
Rocks .
It ’s there , plain as day , in the Bible .
Why people continue to debate the matter is peculiar .
To : Notoriously Conservative
That was hilarious .
To : Notoriously Conservative ; ntnychik ; devolve ; PhilDragoo ; MeekOneGOP
Old thread , hilarious signs .
Gave me the first laugh in days .
Enjoy .
To : mamelukesabre
" Americans dream about going to dog heaven when they die , and muslims dream about 72 virgins .
I just dont know what to think about that .
What about the animals we slaughter and eat ?
are we going to see them in heaven too ?
Does a muslim dog get 72 virgins when it dies ?
What about pigs ?
jews and muslims both think they are unclean . "
How about we worrying about getting to Heaven and figuring out the rest when we get there .
It 's not like Fifi whose been dead for 20 years , is going to pitch a fit because you did n't bring her a rawhide when you show up !
To : potlatch
.
Tex will expect an eternal supply of Purina Hunter - Mix when I show up .
Butt - Weight - there ’s more !
Tex will be expecting a bevy of lady dawgs too
by 17 posted onby devolve (- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Maybe a little blow ?
- - - - - -)
To : potlatch
True or not , I loved it !
Thanks !
To : Notoriously Conservative
btt
by 19 posted onby Cacique ( quos Deus vult perdere , prius dementat ( Islamia Delenda Est ) )
To : Jeffrey_D .
I still like the thing they came up with for the episode of “ Little House on the Prairie ” where the character played by Johnny Cash was pretending to be a pastor but stealing the town blind .
He was called to talk to the little girl whose pup had died , and he told her that God had everything good and wonderful in heaven so dogs must be there too .
Or something like that .
Anyway , it ’s one of those kleenex scenes .
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
Since its very beginning , Photoshop is the best tool for photo editing and this time I 'll take you through a few of short tutorials with some very basic yet practical techniques about using Photoshop with your pictures .
Wo n't take you more than 10 minutes each !
Want to try ?
Create a quick Panoramic Picture with Photoshop
Take a look at the image we 'll be creating .
Step 1 - Before Getting Started
Creating a panoramic picture is about taking several pictures and merging them in Photoshop .
You can use the automatic Photoshop merging tool , or do it by hand using the Clone Stamp Tool .
As any automate process is n't 100 % accurate , we 'll combine both techniques here .
Obviously , the first step is take the shots , but when you 're taking a panoramic photo , it is n't as simple as just pressing the shooter .
For this picture I 've got the help of my friend Alvaro Gumucio aka Gumo who took the shots with his Nikon d700 especially for Psdtuts +.
He said : " I traveled around 3 hours to find a suitable place , with both tripod and camera in hand .
I climbed a small hill and set the tripod in the right place to start shooting . "
For this kind of pictures you need a clean view , without obstacles like trees , wires , or any other natural object .
Step 2 - Set Up and Align the Camera
You 'll need a stand alone tripod to put the camera in .
If you do n't have a tripod , use any static object like a box , table , etc. with a horizontal surface to rotate your camera .
Try to level your tripod as best as you can , aligning it with the horizon , otherwise the outcome may result with a little angle distortion ( as we 'll see shortly ) .
Once you 've got everything set up , start taking the pictures .
Step 3 - Take the Shots
There 're several things to care about taking panoramic pictures , you can see further information over the web , click here to read a very complete article about the subject .
Anyway you can start taking the shots .
Rotate the camera a few degrees between shots .
In this tutorial the photographer took 7 pictures rotating the camera around 20 degrees between each shot from right to left ; that means a 140 degrees panorama .
Trust your photographic instincts to measure the angles or use some math and trigonometry to obtain an accurate final width .
You can take as many shots as you want , even rotate 360 degrees .
It 's always a good practice to name the pictures with some descriptive name like : " panoramic - 1 " or something .
Step 4 - The Files
Now you must have a bunch of pictures , if you scramble the photos you hardly can re-order them again , that 's why you give each picture a sequential name .
You can download the pictures here or a larger version in the Plus section .
Those pictures are licensed using a Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution - No Commercial License ( View ) .
Step 5 - Automate Photomerge
Now the automate part of the process .
Open Photoshop , and go to File > Automate >
Photomerge .
A new window will appear with two columns .
The first one about the merging Layout , you can chose several optical modes to adjust the layout of the final result , often the best election is Auto but you can try with the others options as well .
The second column is where you 'll put the files in , you can select a group of files or a folder with your source pictures .
Just Click on Browse and add all the pictures you want to merge , in this case , add all the pictures of the previous step , from 1 to 7 .
Once you 've added the files ensure the Blend Images Together option is selected and then Click OK .
Step 6 - Check the Merging Result
After clicking OK in the Photomerge window , Photoshop will automatically adjust the pictures to fit a panoramic view .
When the process ends you 'll have something like the image below .
Aside from the Layers palette , there will be a folder with the modified pictures inside .
You 'll see the resultant panorama is n't a straight horizontal image , that 's because we 've failed to perfectly align the camera with the horizon ( see Step 2 ) , but it 's not the end of the world , we 'll fix this issue in the next step .
Step 7 - Fix the Angle
There are several ways to fix the angle variation , the easiest is using the Crop Tool , my favorite way is using the Lens Correction filter , but we 'll talk more about it in the next short tutorial .
Meanwhile : select the Crop Tool and mark a wider portion of the picture , then Rotate the Crop just a little bit taking care to cover all the image .
Finally , hit Return to commit the Crop and save your file anywhere on your computer .
Step 8 - Clone Over the Imperfections
One of the most important steps of this process is about fixing the little areas without any image on it .
You can easily find them because Photomerge uses a transparent background by default , so just zoom to the borders and look for those ugly transparent areas .
Create a new layer above all the pictures and name it " Fixes " and select it .
Then select the Clone Stamp Tool ( S ) and ensure the Sample All Layers option is selected .
Once you 've found a transparent area , grab the Clone Tool , Alt - click anywhere near it and start painting over .
Remember , paint only on the " Fixes " layer .
Repeat this process as many times as needed .
If you 're working with large images , you must be very careful with this step because there are many small transparent areas near the border .
Final Touches
Finally merge the folder into a new layer named " Panorama . "
By now you 've got a nice panoramic picture ready to print .
If you ever printed gigantography , a really big print format like Panaflex ™ or on high definition Plotter , this picture is really practical for creating huge letters , posters , banners , and more .
As a final touch I 've added some text on the right side of the panorama and set its blending mode to Soft Light .
Conclusion
And that 's it , simple right ?
try your own !.
Part Two - Fix the Perspective with the Lens Correction Filter
Take a look at the image we 'll be creating .
You can view the final result below or view a larger version here .
Step 1 - Open your picture
For this tutorial you 'll need to download this picture or any other , try to work on a picture with some kind of perspective distortion .
Once you 've opened the file , double - click on the " Background " layer to make it editable and name the layer with a creative name like " Building . "
Step 2 - Open the Lens Correction Filter Window
Now , go to Filter > Distort > Lens Correction .
In the Lens Correction window you 'll see a grid over the picture and several options at the right side .
We 'll work with the right side values to modify the picture perspective and more .
Step 3 - Adjust the Perspective , Without Repeating Edge Pixels
Now , on this filter you can easily adjust the perspective by changing its horizontal or vertical values , the filter will automatically adjust the picture .
Probably you 'll need to fill the distortion edge using one of the options shown at the bottom .
This time , we 'll Transform the Vertical Perspective form 0 to - 50 .
This is variable and depends on the picture you 're editing .
Set the Edge value to Transparency this time , that means no pixels will be added to the edge of the picture .
I 'm adjusting the correct distortion by eye , using the columns on the picture as a visual reference .
Step 4 - Crop
Now use the Crop Tool to select only the main picture area .
You must use the Clone Stamp Tool to fix the transparent areas .
Step 5 - Adjust the Perspective of Repeating Edge Pixels
A quick way to avoid cloning is setting the Edge value to Edge Extension .
Since it 's a little bit linear , the edge extension can often optimize the perspective adjustment process .
Step 6 - Crop
Crop the picture , you 'll notice there are less areas to clone or even none .
Step 7 - Adjusting the Lens Angle
You can draw some guides to see if everything is going well .
I 've made two guides for the columns , and one for the baseline .
As you can see , the baseline is n't straight , there 's a little angle variation that we 'll fix by using the Lens Correction filter once more .
Go to Filter > Distort >
Lens Correction and modify the Angle Transform on the Perspective area to around 0,4 degrees .
Step 8 - Dark Vignette
As a final visual touch add a dark vignette by setting the Amount to - 70 and Midpoint to +60 .
Conclusion
Fixing the perspective with the Lens Correction Filter is an easy , accurate and quick process that you can use anytime with any kind of picture , try it !
Part three - Use Photoshop 's CS4 Color Range Selection and Adjustments Layers to Create a Gothic Portrait
Take a look at the image we 'll be creating .
You can view the final image preview below or view a larger version here .
Step 1 - Open the Picture
We 'll be using for this tutorial this beautiful picture of binababy1 from stock.xchng .
Double - click on the background layer to make it editable , name it with some creative name like " Picture " and duplicate it .
Put the copy below the original layer .
Step 2 - Select a Color Range
We 'll increase the red intensity of the model 's lips , go to Select > Color Range ...
Select the option Sampled Colors , and click somewhere over the lips to sample the red Color Range , now slide the Fuzziness where it fits better , for this picture at its original size is 144 .
You can change the selection preview to see how the selections looks .
Finally when you click OK you 'll obtain a selection around the red lips .
Select the " Picture " layer and move forward .
Step 3 - Mask the Selection
Without deselecting anything , select the " Picture " layer and go to Layer > Layer Mask >
Hide
All , then fill the selection with White ( # FFFFFF ) to make the lips visible and hide the rest of the face .
Step 4 - Show the Adjustments Panel
Go to Window >
Adjustments to show the CS4 Adjustments Panel or select the Essentials Workspace at the top- right of the Photoshop window , this will show the Adjustment panel by default .
We 'll use this panel to add some Adjustments Layers to the " Picture copy " layer .
Select it in Layers Panel ( Notice the Palettes are called Panels now in the CS4 layout ) and go to the next step .
Step 5 - Advanced Black and White
Once a Photographer told me : " never adjust only the Saturation to create a grayscale picture , " to create a really stunning black and white picture you need to work with alpha channels , before the Adjustment Layers even exists the way to do it was only by hand .
Now we 've got the Adjustments Layers .
Select Black &
White from the Adjustments panel , and then you 'll see the Default values .
With the Default settings the skin tone is a little bit gray , so we 'll try another Black & White Filter to obtain a whiter skin tone .
I 'm choosing the Green Filter , then I increased the Yellows , Greens , Cyans , Blues and decrease Magentas , to obtain something like the bottom image below .
Ensure the Clipping Mask Button on the Adjustments Panel is clicked ( that 's because the adjustment only needs to be applied to the " Picture copy " layer ) and then move forward .
Step 5 - Change Lips Blending Mode
In order to give a more Gothic look to our image , change the masked " Picture " layer Blending Mode to Overlay .
Step 6 - Adjust the Curves
Now we 'll adjust the Curves a little bit to make the girl 's nose a little bit more visible .
For this , in the Adjustments Panel click on the tiny Arrow on the left to see the adjustment filters again , then select Curves and draw a curve as show below .
Step 7 - Final Touches
As some few final touches we 'll add two more Adjustment layers : Vibrance and a Photo Filter .
This time , place them above the " lips " layer , but ensure the Clipping mask button is deselected in the Adjustments Panel in order to apply the filter to all the layers .
For the Vibrance filter , decrease the Vibrance value just a little bit and increase the Saturation .
And as an optional final step , you can add a tint to your photo by using a Photo Filter of Color : # C2A200 and Density of 50 % .
Conclusion
Of course you can use this very same technique to select different areas on any picture , and create outstanding results .
Micro-USB becomes standard Euro phone charger
In a move that ’s been a long time coming , the major participants in the European cellphone market have backed a proposal to standardize microUSB as the generic charger port .
The scheme was led by the European Commission , and has now received support from Nokia , Sony Ericsson , Apple , Motorola , NEC , LG , RIM , Qualcomm , Samsung and Texas Instruments .
Together , those companies account for 90 - percent of the European cellphone market .
The EC have positioned the scheme as environmentally sound , suggesting that cellphone users will not have to throw away their old charger whenever they buy a new device .
The first devices using the standardized connector will arrive on the market in 2010 , though of course many phones already use microUSB for charging and data connectivity .
What will be interesting is how Apple respond to the move ; the dock connector is not only a common feature among docks and accessories , but a source of licensing revenue from third - party manufacturers .
Dinosaur Adventure Land , Kent Hovind 's creationist theme park in Pensacola , Florida , is to be seized by the federal government , the Pensacola News Journal ( July 31 , 2009 ) reported .
In November 2006 , a federal jury found Hovind guilty of fifty - eight charges , including failing to pay payroll taxes for his employees , structuring financial transactions to avoid reporting requirements , and " corruptly endeavor[ing ] to obstruct and impede the due administration of the internal revenue laws . "
Hovind was subsequently sentenced to ten years in prison and to pay over $ 600,000 in restitution .
After the judge presiding over the case ordered that two bank accounts and ten real properties located in Pensacola be forfeited to satisfy the financial judgment against Hovind , two claimants filed separate objections .
Eric Hovind — who is running Creation Science Evangelism while his father is incarcerated — claimed ownership of a single property , in which he lives , while Glen Stoll — who was hired by Hovind to restructure his ministry so its assets would be managed through supposedly tax - exempt trusts — claimed ownership of the remaining nine as well as one of the bank accounts .
Eric Hovind 's claim was upheld by the court in its July 29 , 2009 , order , which noted that the conveyance of the title to his home was not part of Stoll 's scheme for restructuring the ministry .
But Stoll 's claim was not : the court held ( PDF , p. 12 ) that " Stoll has not shown he played anything more than a titular role in the trusts he created , and the court finds he was a nominee title holder for Kent and Jo Hovind .
...
As such , Stoll has no legal interest in any forfeited substitute property and lacks standing to challenge the court ’s June 28 , 2007 , and October 8 , 2008 , forfeiture orders . "
Late yesterday Microsoft revealed that it had made available Release Candidate software allowing Windows 7 users to operate a virtual edition of its still very popular Windows XP .
The news is good for those of us still hesitant to make the upgrade to Windows 7 .
Although most of us wo n't know for sure how well ' XP Mode ' will work until Windows 7 is released on October 22 , many faithful XP users will be happy to hear that they can switch back in time if the Win7 interface is n't to their liking .
CPU Virtualization Required
Windows XP
Mode Release Candidate is currently available for download from Microsoft 's Windows web site , but the software does require a CPU ( Central Processing Unit ) be equipped with virtualization capabilities .
Both AMD and Intel offer their own brand of virtualization technology and not all CPUs have this capability .
A brief list of CPUs with virtualization support are listed via wikipedia and include both AMD and Intel .
Microsoft 's decision to release XP Mode was spurred on by popular demand .
Because Windows Vista had so much trouble with compatibility issues when it was released in 2007 , frightened but prospective Win7 users asked that an alternative OS be built into the highly - anticipated operating system .
Business Users Bark Loudest
Amongst the loudest advocates of XP Mode were business users , who became immediately concerned when Microsoft revealed that Windows 7 would be built on the same kernel as its predecessor , Windows Vista .
To many , that sounded like a warning that compatibility issues could follow .
( Source : pcworld.com )
In a statement yesterday , Microsoft 's in - house Windows blogger Brandon LeBlanc appeared to confirm that XP Mode was intended to ease the fears of business users concerned about compatibility issues .
" Windows XP
Mode is specially designed for small and medium - sized businesses to help ease the migration process to Windows 7 by providing additional compatibility for their older productivity applications , " LeBlanc said .
( Source : informationweek.com )
According to LeBlanc , XP Mode will work with both Release Candidate and Release to Manufacturing versions of Windows 7 .
The letter came at just after 11 am , which was the time the mail came round in the offices of the Telegraph Magazine , then just off Fleet Street .
When you write for a newspaper or a magazine letters come in various categories : crowing letters ( " The capital city of the Treens was Mekonta , I am surprised you did n't know that " ) , pained letters ( " I could see you were scribbling in a notebook , but I did not expect to find myself quoted in a national newspaper " ) , cross letters ( " I take great exception to your references to Carmarthenshire County Council .
I assume that at some time you failed to achieve employment by that body " ) , even the odd fan letter .
The last I tended to keep , though in time I usually lost them .
But one letter I have not lost .
Immaculately typed on four sheets of A4 paper , and addressed to me at the magazine , it has , however , no home address , just a date : 3 May 1981 .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
" Sorry about the lack of tears .
I do regret their absence as much as the lack of some emotions which may make me less of a woman .
However , I had just undergone the most profoundly moving experience in my recollection .
I had been looking forward to 12 hours ( was it ? ) of you , and was utterly relaxed into the safety of this eternity of bliss .
You are so thoroughly addictive , and you and your hands and your eyes and your mouth and your tongue and your body had transported me to such realms of ecstasy that I had hitherto neither known nor even believed possible ... "
Eh ?
Until then it had been just another office morning .
That is to say , at my desk I had been smoking my pipe , reading with some enjoyment the profile of a Welsh tramp I had spent six weeks writing for the magazine ( and hoped to spin out for another two ) , and , with even more enjoyment , watching the strong bare legs of the secretaries as they swore in their precise English upper middle class voices , chewed their long hair , and lied to their boyfriends on the telephone ( " What a bore , I ca n't make tonight , I have to go for drinks at my godmother 's " ) .
As far as I was concerned I hoped things might go on like this for ever .
This was a colour magazine in the time of its last hurrah , spendthrift , mad and confident , before the advertising revenues faltered , and the accountants came like the barbarians .
It was a time of fantasy .
And then at 11 o'clock on a May morning the letter came .
I read on , as I am reading it now .
The letter is yellowing and creased , but then I have been reading it over and over for 28 years .
" On Thursday came the pain , and no hangover to cover it with .
I got up and dressed and people came to sit with me like you give your company to the bereaved to alleviate their grief or perhaps to hear something awful that may brighten by comparison your own life .
I do n't know because I could not talk and I could not cry , and I was left locked in my own personal Hell .
" When I found myself alone I climbed the stairs to our bed .
I had not washed and I would not change the sheets I had lain on with you .
Besides , rising at all had taken all the resolve of which I was capable .
I sank on to the bed , taking care to land where your body had been , and froze into a paralysed state , lamely thinking , if this is death , what has broken since it could not have been my heart ?
I was so cold and could not move to switch on the electric blanket .
Then I was suddenly hot as in a fever , and the centre of my body ached as if the emptiness were growing to fill me to the outer limits of my skin , and , ever growing , was about to tear me apart .
Every muscle ached for you , and all of me was burning for your touch .
Then those rich juices of love that were longing to mingle with yours came pouring out of my ... "
I held the letter up to the window , but , no , I had n't made a mistake .
At that point I put it down , for despite its wordiness the prose had an intensity you tended not to get on colour magazines .
Was the writer a lunatic ?
After 10 years on the Telegraph I thought I knew all that was to be known about lunatics .
The Magazine appeared inside the main paper , but was in it , not of it , rather like Montenegro , the independent little mountain kingdom that somehow survived inside the ramshackle Ottoman Empire , a place where the central authorities never came .
It – the magazine , that is – had its own offices away from the main building , rooms here and there , the centre of its power seven floors up from the department where I lurked .
If you were in favour , you could go anywhere you wanted : in my case Greenland , where a slipstream of farts from dog teams , fed on fish , hung in the thin Arctic air , 10 straining rumps pointed at the sleigh ; or the world 's one nudist city , where the dress shops were a scrum of naked women , the bank a queue of creased buttocks waiting to change its Deutschmarks , and from which , emerging into the outside world after three days , I felt my heart pound at the sight of a woman in a dress .
Anyone you wanted to meet you could , which for me meant Helen Mirren , a retired hangman and the men who had written the comics and the radio serials of my childhood .
It also meant the historian A.L. Rowse , who scuttled by to kneel behind me on the floor when I entered his rooms in All Souls and asked , still on his knees , " You a hetero ? "
I said I supposed I was , but that I had never really thought about it .
" Knew it , knew it , " he said triumphantly .
" Knew you were heterosexual as soon as you scuffed my mat , and did n't straighten it . "
And it meant Margaret , Duchess of Argyll , who , after reading what I wrote about her , got an injunction on the whole magazine which would have cost the Telegraph hundreds of thousands of pounds , had it not been lifted at the very last minute .
After 10 years on the magazine I had n't thought anything could surprise me again .
But by God it did .
Like a tank , the relentless eroticism was trundling on .
" Nothing that I had hitherto decreed I would or would n't do was under consideration .
I stripped my clothes off , still laying ( sic ) on my belly .
When I got to my panties I could nearly hear you and feel your hands that are as soft and gentle as mine .
My fingers had to find the hard and throbbing point .
The touch that could have been yours released new floods and a torrent of ecstasy and pain .
When I turned to lay ( sic ) on my back I was empty and so alone .
I began to hope that everything would go away : the emptiness , the need for you , the longing and the memory .
If I were to go crazy , how would any alternative matter ?
If you had telephoned me then , I would have asked what I could do just to hear the sound of your voice , and I would have done anything .
" As you said I would , I MISSED YOU .
At that moment my body had nothing to cling to but the memory of you : the electrifying feel of your skin against mine , the ardent desire to touch as much that is you with as much of me as possible to set all the nerve ends tingling , to hear your voice in my ear , breathing words that no one has ever said to me before , to feel and to smell your hair and your skin and to have the glorious freedom to kiss and to lick every part of you .
" I am yours even if I never see you again ...
Just now I remembered something else you said .
You do have that effect on people .
My anxieties seem to have shrunk away as to be barely visible .
I have grown and from you or God or somewhere I have got the strength to handle an entirely new order of priorities .
Also I love you . "
It was signed " Gina " .
At first I thought it a hoax , but it was too elaborate for that .
Hoaxes , like ransom notes , are to the point .
So , whoever Gina was , some experience had hurt her into stately wordiness .
Reading it again now , I wonder if English may not have been her first language , for there was the odd spelling mistake and the confusion over " lay " and " lie " .
Someone had clearly rung all the bells for a very intense woman , religious , lonely , not too cursed with humour , and probably not young .
Only I had n't rung them .
A fortnight later the second letter came , addressed to " Byron Rogers , Telegraph Magazine " .
It was clear that the writer , like Gina , had no home address for the recipient , and did not give one for herself .
It too was neatly typed , though this time just a note .
But in other respects it was very different .
No mention of feelings this time , or at least none on the surface : whoever she was , the writer was remembering a romp , with three people involved , also a dog in some obscure supporting role .
" You never told me you wrote for The Guardian as well , you cheeky devil ... "
I had written a short feature the paper had headlined " Here 's to You , Mrs Robinson " .
This had been prompted by a court case involving a rather good - looking woman in her thirties , living somewhere in the Home Counties , who for some years had housed French teenage boys on school visits , then seduced them .
Most had welcomed the experience ( according to one of their teachers the essays they wrote about their holidays were effusive , though vague ) , but it all ended abruptly when the latest two rejected her advances , running into the street and bawling in their best English for , of all things , an ambulance .
The judge gave her 18 months .
He also called her " an evil woman " , which I thought dreadful , considering that I , possibly he , and just about every other man had spent our teenage years waiting for something like that to happen to us .
My feature brought down the wrath of the paper 's feminist readers upon me , and I had a whole indignant section of the letters page to myself .
But this letter - writer had n't seen it like that .
" You have got a lot of strings to your bow – as we all know !
Sandra said the article should have been titled ROGERS ON FUCKS AND HOW TO GET THEM .
And what about Helen Mirren last week ?
I bet you charmed the pants off her too – coming off all bashful and on the edge of your seat . "
That had been a feature interview , after which Miss Mirren had seen me off into the night , wobbling on my bicycle , with the remains of a bottle of whisky , most of which I and her then boyfriend Liam Neeson had consumed between us .
I fell off the bike in Grosvenor Square and , unhurt , finished off the whisky at the kerbside .
There followed two lost hours , during which my girlfriend , later my wife , went to the police , who thought it no end of a joke , and suggested I might have gone to some nightclub with Miss Mirren .
Which set her mind at rest no end .
" I 'm sorry I have got in touch with you again after ' that night ' .
I know I promised not to but I just keep thinking about it all the time and deep down Angie feels the same .
She has n't mentioned a thing but I look at her across the pool and she 's got a funny smirk on her face .
She was very upset about Steve coming back , she promised that he never comes back from the Scottish trips earlier than three days .
Honest !
Anyway he 's such an idle sod he did n't think there was anything funny about me and her starkers and playing with her daft dog !
Not so daft if you ask me .
I think he was pissed anyway – Steve , that is .
You got back alright I hope , round the back .
I know you were upset but we promise it wo n't happen again , so if you want to see teeny - weeny me and Angie again you 'll know where to find us on Thursdays .
Please , please ...
Gilly . X X X. "
So : a typist this time ( Gina had not mentioned jobs , and no locations apart from bed ) , and a good - time girl who every Thursday went on the town with a married friend from her office .
But again she was writing to a sexual athlete who had appeared in her life like Spring - heeled Jack , then disappeared – though , again , Gilly had been told this would happen .
Everyone I talked to about it ( which was just about everyone I met ) thought it hilarious , but I began to get worried .
What would Jack do next ?
The next thing was a postcard addressed " To the town 's Handsomest , Sexiest , most sought after Lover Boy . "
On it this was written in a large , wild hand , " S.O. B . 's presence is requested at a private dinner to be held at a venue yet to be arranged in aid of the ' Misfits of the World ' .
Dress optional .
RSVP . E.B. "
So : another disappearance , more bells having been rung , which clearly now hung idle .
I decided to see the police at this stage , who also thought it a joke .
" Try to see our point of view , say we got him , what could we charge him with ? " asked a detective sergeant at West End Central .
" I mean , all he 's ever done is go to bed with women .
And their only regret is that he 's stopped doing it .
The only complainant is you . "
As I was leaving he said idly : " Just one question , sir .
Have you any idea why he should want to pretend he was you ? "
I said I had n't , but as I went through the door I realised I had n't quite liked the way he had asked that .
Still , his question was partly answered when the first phone call came .
It was from a woman who wanted to know why I had n't turned up at the weekend .
She was n't cross , she said she quite understood if I 'd been sent abroad at short notice or something ; she just wished I could have let her know .
I explained things to her , and there was this long silence .
I asked where she 'd met him , and she said at an afternoon dance at the Leicester Square ballroom , when he'd told her he was an international correspondent who was abroad most of the time , living out of a suitcase when he was in this country .
She then started to cry , and there was a click as the phone went dead .
So that was it .
It was quite smart then to say you worked for a colour magazine , and of course it was the perfect cover , particularly if whoever you told knew little about journalism .
And I do n't suppose anyone who turned up at an afternoon dance was going to ask too many questions .
No address , no phone number , just Captain America coming and going , and out of reach of these vulnerable women , as I had now come to assume they were .
Suddenly it had become sad .
There were other phone calls which I managed to avoid .
( " It 's a Mrs Rowlands , says it 's urgent . " )
But then one got through , and this time there were no tears .
I went round to see a divorcée in her late fifties , living alone in a council flat 12 storeys up in a tower block above Hampstead , who was more annoyed than upset .
( " Ooh , the bugger . " )
She too had met him at a tea dance , for there was one thing about such places , she said , they did allow one to meet people , and she coloured slightly at this , implying the word covered a great deal .
Her children having left home , she had begun to find life lonely .
Of course , I thought , tea dances , afternoon ballrooms : the perfect hunting ground for a sexual predator , the women would be of a certain age , and lonely .
" And they 're that surprised , " a sergeant in the Scotch Guards who had stalked them in such places told a friend of mine , " they put their hearts and their airses into it . "
My hostess made tea .
She was a rather nice , well made - up woman with little ladylike ways ( after the " bugger " she had said , " I do n't know what made me say that " ) , but there was a toughness there .
She said that if he got in touch again she would ask him round , and , if she could get him off - guard , would take a photograph of him , which she would send me .
She showed me a poem he had written , addressed to her .
It was , and is ( for I still have this too ) , in sloping capitals :
" Lately my life has lacked the light / Until you came , a star so bright /
Your very nearness warms my heart /
Once more my life begins to start /
Your happy bubbling ever effervesence ( sic ) /
Warms – draws me to your prescence ( sic ) . "
She gave this to me , saying she did n't want to see it again .
Seduction is one thing ; poetry , however bad , hurts .
A fortnight later she phoned to say she had the photograph .
Caught in flashlight , a man , leaning on a door frame , is grinning at the camera .
He is thin , pale , not bad looking , but with the sort of eye - teeth for which Christopher Lee needed a make - up artist : they are the very long , white teeth of a vampire .
But what had made her cross , she said , was how perfectly at ease " the creature " had been .
" I know who asked you to do this . "
" Yes , and he 's getting a print . "
" Poor old Byron , I knew he was after me , but there 's nothing at all he can do about it . "
Still , it must have worried him , for the letters and the phone calls stopped .
But the strangest development of all has just taken place .
When I started on what you have been reading I got in touch with a friend of mine to check some of the details ; now living in retirement in Cornwall , she was on the magazine with me .
A fortnight later she rang me .
" I can hardly believe this , it 's the most extraordinary thing .
I was telling a lady who 's just moved down here from London about that chap who used to pretend he was you , and we were both roaring with laughter when I must have mentioned the name Byron Rogers , for suddenly she stopped laughing .
She said , ' Omigod , not him . '
" If it 's the same man , in the 1980s her mother had an affair with him .
I gather they were all a bit worried at the time .
But her mother 's coming down at the weekend , I 'll ask her . "
A few days later she rang again .
" It was him .
I told the mother your story , and she was startled , for everything checked out .
Everything .
Her daughter even teased her about whether he'd been a bit of a mover and shaker in the bedroom department , but all the old lady said was , ' Yes . '
Perhaps you 'd better not bring that up .
Oh yes , I forgot , she 's agreed to talk to you . "
This is her story .
" In the 1980s I was in my fifties , separated from my husband and working as a housekeeper / caretaker in this block of flats in Mayfair .
And every Monday night I and some friends used to go dancing at the Café de Paris .
Monday night was Ladies ' Night .
And that 's where I met him .
He was tall and dark , had prominent teeth , I remember that , and was very likeable .
He told me he worked for newspapers .
In fact he had a whole briefcase full of his articles – sorry , your articles – for whatever you say about him , he was your number one fan .
He must have cut out everything you wrote .
" And even at the beginning that struck me as a bit odd .
I did n't know any writers , but I did n't think they carried old articles around with them .
Not to dances anyway .
God , this makes me sound such a twit .
Of course , later you wrote columns , and your photograph began to appear , which would have put a stop to everything .
All this is very sad , do n't you think ?
He had this wonderful knowledge of London .
We used to go for long walks together .
And suddenly there was all this sex .
I 'm not sure how it started , I mean I 'm a bit of a prude and I 'd sworn when my marriage broke up that would be it as far as I was concerned , so I was more startled than anything .
" It was n't as though he was physically attractive , and I always used to put him in the bath beforehand .
But the sex was ... amazing .
Not that he did anything out of the ordinary , it was just that it was ... that 's the only word for it ... amazing .
" The only thing was that at no time did he mention anything to do with writing , and that 's when I started to get suspicious .
Then he asked me to his flat , which was in Harrow and very small .
And there were no books in it , just paintings of animals on black velvet , and the only furniture a crumbling old sofa .
" That 's when I confronted him , and he admitted it .
Said he was a misfit , that he'd been sexually abused by an aunt when he was a boy .
Or so he said .
And then he told me that what he really did was manage a bookshop in the Charing Cross Road .
The only thing was , there were no books in his flat .
That 's when I told him to piss off .
I mean , even booksellers must read books sometime .
It was so sad .
And silly .
" I do n't think there was any harm in him , but there are people like that , they can't bear to be ordinary .
I thought it was all over , and then years later I saw this drawing of a man 's face in the Evening Standard .
A man 's body had been fished out of the Thames , and the police were trying to identify him .
And it was him , I 'm sure it was him , it was an uncanny likeness .
I know I should have gone to a police station , but I could n't face it somehow .
It sounds daft , but I could n't face getting involved again , even with him dead . "
Suddenly it was n't a matter of women wailing for their demon lover .
To have invited her home would have been a major departure for him , so he must have fallen for her in a way he had n't for any of the others , not one of whom even had his address .
It must have been the one time he had stepped out of character , and he , who had stepped in and out of so many lives and disappeared , was himself made to disappear .
Her description of the flat was so vivid , the emptiness of the room , those awful paintings on black velvet , the tigers and elephants you saw for sale in street markets at the time , to which , his briefcase bulging with cuttings ( I was churning the stuff out in those days ) , he came home each night .
Well , most nights .
And the effect on me was complex .
Shock had long ago given way to irritation , largely at not finding myself centre stage in my own life , but then this too had given way to awe .
I suppose I had come to revel in the adventures of my secret sharer , this Mr Hyde of the Tea - dances .
For I had never received such letters .
I had never had that effect on anyone .
And with me partings had always been messy affairs , mostly on station platforms and , once , in the Romano - British section of a research library .
And these were partings which were usually reversed a fortnight or so later , which meant there were other station platforms , other libraries .
We had shared so much , he and I , except he got the ecstasy , I got the recriminations .
As to the rest , I knew nothing about him , what he did , where he came from ( though one of the ladies had mentioned South Africa ) .
To me he was this long peep - show of Gina , of Gilly and Angie ( and why had the husband not been surprised to come on the two of them naked with the dog ? ) and the others , only they disappeared as I approached the glass , and there was just me peering in .
When someone steals your credit card , and you need to check your statements , you are confronted by the patterns of your spending .
But when someone steals your identity you are confronted by that identity as you find yourself staring at it – and in this case not alone but in company .
" Just one thing , sir , have you any idea why he should want to pretend hewas you ? " ...
And something I have forgotten to mention .
The evening I went round to collect the photograph from the lady in the Hampstead tower block , I asked her , " What 's he like ?
Is he anything like me at all ? "
She hesitated for a moment .
" No , he 's nothing like you at all , dear .
I 'm not sure how to put this .
Well ... he 's sophisticated . "
But whoever he was , or whatever became of him , because of him I found myself in a film in the production of which I had played no part .
And the biggest shock of appearing on screen for the first time , the director Bryan Forbes once told me , is seeing yourself walk away .
It is enough to make a man write his autobiography , if only to reclaim something ...
Adapted from Byron Rogers 's autobiography , " Me : the Authorised Biography " , published by Aurum at £ 16.99 .
To order a copy for the special price of £ 15.29 ( free P&P ) call Independent Books Direct on 08700 798 897 , or visit www.independentbooksdirect.co.uk
I really have n't heard too much about this show and I did n't quite care either .
The name screamed boring to me , but I guess it 's kind of like The Office ; the name is n't impressive , but the show is .
To be honest , I knew nothing about the show except that Joel McHale and Chevy Chase were in it .
The instant I started watching it and realized the setting was at a community college , I thought of a the great , funny things that can happen on a campus .
The pilot begins immediately by stereotyping people at a community college , the dean actually listing the different kinds of archetypes while we are seen little clips of the main characters who fit the descriptions to a T .
It seems like the dean is going to discredit this notion , but loses a flashcard so he ends his little speech there .
Jeff Winger ( McHale ) is a former lawyer has to go back to college since he was disbarred .
Why ?
He did n't think it was pertinent enough to distinguish Columbia University from Colombia University .
From his own admission , he has also never done any work in his life and thus he goes to one of the professors for help .
Duncan ( John Oliver ) is one of his former clients who he saved from a drunk driving charge .
There are some funny scenes between them with some interesting dialogue that proves that Jeff is a total ass without morals .
I 'm sure we 'll see a different side to him later , but for now he really has no qualms about dishonorable behavior .
We got a nice introduction to all the characters at a Spanish study session .
They all think Jeff is a Spanish tutor , but he only said that so he could meet Britta ( Gillian Jacobs ) .
When she learns he 's lying , she is disgusted and kicks him out .
Abed ( Danny Pudi ) plays an American - born Palestinian who talks a little too much .
I was kind of disappointed he did n't have an accent which I think would make his ramblings much funnier .
There are a couple more characters , but I do n't want to go into more detail , just wait until September 17 until premiere .
I see endless opportunity for his show and will definitely stay watching .
Score:9.0/10
It looks like Lauren Conrad and Kim Kardashian ’s schedules just got a little fuller – they ’ve been invited to appear as guest judges on the new season of “ America ’s Next Top Model . ”
Being that both ladies have an extensive background in fashion , as well as reality television , they are no doubt the perfect choice .
Also on the books for LC – she ’ll be debuting her new clothing line for Kohl ’s this fall .
She ’s scheduled to appear on the September 16th episode of “ Top Model . ”
As for Kim , who has her own designer boutique , she ’ll join up with Tyra Banks & Co. for the October 21st installment of the show .
L’Elysée , puis le ministère de l ’Intérieur , ont tenté ( en vain ) de caviarder l’encyclopédie collaborative Wikipedia , pour voler au secours d’Alain Marleix , secrétaire d’Etat à l ’Intérieur et proche de l’Elysée en charge du controversé rédécoupage électoral .
En l’état , impossible de savoir si la manipulation était orchestrée , ou pas .
Mais les traces demeurent …
Le Canard Enchaîné de ce mercredi 12 août y consacrait un petit article drôlatique .
Retour , en détail , sur la manip ’ , qui a foiré .
En mai dernier , Benjamin Ferran , journaliste internet passé de L’Expansion.com au Figaro.fr , révélait que le ministère de l ’Intérieur avait tenté de caviarder Wikipedia .
En fait , c’est l’Elysée qui était à la barre …
Le 10 février dernier , Rue89.com publiait un article , « La fille de Marleix recrutée à la Sorbonne : soupçon de copinage « , évoquant les troublantes conditions d’attribution d’un poste de professeur à Laurence Saint - Gilles , à la demande du ministère , et au grand dam de certains membres de l’équipe pédagogique de l’UFR où elle était parachutée .
Rue89 relève ainsi que , fille de son père , Alain ( secrétaire d’Etat au ministère de l’Intérieur ) , et soeur de son frère , Olivier ( conseiller technique à l’Elysée , après un passage auprès de Michèle Alliot - Marie et Brice Hortefeux ) , Laurence Saint - Gilles est également soupçonnée d’avoir déjà précédemment été pistonnée , pour obtenir son précédent poste , à l’université d’Amiens .
Amiens , c’est bien , mais la Sorbonne , c’est mieux
Las : début mars , le conseil d’administration de Paris IV bloque définitivement son recrutement , ce dont Rue89 se fait de nouveau l’écho .
Mais l’histoire ne s’arrête pas là , et se prolonge sur Wikipedia , qui se faisait lui aussi l’écho , sur l’article consacrée à Alain Marleix , de ce que l’encyclopédie collaborative sur l’internet qualifie de « controverse « .
Et ce qui n’était jusque - là qu’une « petite » affaire de soupçon de copinage relayée par Rue89 et le site web du Nouvel Obs ’ est carrément repris en main par l’Elysée , et l ’Intérieur .
Pas moins .
Il faut en effet savoir que tout ce qui est modifié sur Wikipedia est enregistré .
Et lorsqu ’on y intervient de manière anonyme , sans s’être préalablement identifié , c’est l’adresse IP de son ordinateur qui est archivée .
Et si une adresse IP ne dit pas « qui » est celui qui est derrière le clavier , par contre , elle révèle la provenance , et la localisation , de l’internaute en question .
C’est ainsi que l’on découvre que , le 9 mars , quelqu’un , à l’Elysée , effaçait le passage en question , caviardage rectifié 3h15 plus tard par un wikipédien vigilant .
Le 10 mars à 11h15 , c’est le ministère de l ’Intérieur , cette fois , qui efface le passage controversé .
A 19h15 , ce « vandalisme » était identifié , , par un autre utilisateur de Wikipedia , qui remettait en ligne , dans la foulée , le passage censuré .
A 20h08 , l ’internaute anonyme du ministère de l ’Intérieur remet ça , mais Salebot , le « bot » ( robot ) conçu pour nettoyer le vandalisme sur Wikipedia le corrige dans la minute qui suit .
A 20h16 , rebelote , et Salebot remet ça , tout comme , le lendemain , à 12h43 et 18h44 .
Le ministère de l ’Intérieur signe son « caviardage »
Changeant de tactique , le redresseur de tort du ministère de l ’Intérieur décide alors de se créer un compte sur Wikipedia , sous le pseudonyme Lando75 , plutôt que de continuer à intervenir de manière anonyme - et donc de révéler ses adresses IP .
Lando75 tente de nouveau d’effacer les paragraphes incriminés , tout en expliquant son geste , cette fois :
Paragraphe jetant l’opprobre sur un homme politique .
Source de réputation douteuse dont on connait l’engagement .
Neutralité de point de vue engagée .
Faits non pertinents .
Problème : le caviardage est de nouveau qualifié de « vandalisme » par Salebot , qui ne goûte guère - ni ne maîtrise - les subtilités de la vie politique française , non plus que la pertinence de ce qui peut , ou pas , être rapporté sur Wikipedia .
Lando75 décide alors de défendre son point de vue , à cinq reprises ( en trois jours ) , sur la page Discussion associée à l’article consacré à Alain Marleix , destinée à résoudre les problèmes rencontrés par les wikipédiens .
Résultat : il n’y est plus question que de ce problème d' » Effacement par IP du ministère de l’intérieur « …
Lui qui voulait , initialement , caviarder discrètement le passage incriminé , c’est gagné .
Et question discrétion , c’est tout bon …
Et au nom de quoi faudrait - il censurer ce passage de Wikipedia ?
Parce que ce faits divers ne serait pas suffisamment significatif , dans sa carrière , mais aussi parce que les journalites , c’est bien connu ( foi d’employé de l’Elysée , & du ministère de l’Intérieur ) , sont « douteux « , quand ils ne racontent pas n’importe quoi , notamment ceux qui bossent pour un site internet , Rue89 , fondés par des anciens de Libé :
Les faits rapportés sont invérifiables , les sources étant soit d’un engagement et d’une réputation douteux , soit plus prudents en évoquant des « soupçons »… Qui peut ici apporter des preuves d’une éventuelle intervention de l’homme politique ?
Dans une oeuvre à vocation encyclopédique , on doit quand même être prudent sur les faits rapportés et ne pas prendre pour argent comptant tout ce qui peut être rapporté par les journalistes .
Pourtant , nul droit de réponse ni démenti n’avait été opposé à Rue89 , dont l’article se basait sur un courrier émanant de membres de l’équipe pédagogique de l’UFR où la fille Marleix devait être parachutée …
Le fiasco du maître des ciseaux
Résultat de cette mission confiée par on ne sait qui aux cybersbires de l’Elysée et de l ’Intérieur ?
Le passage n’a pas été caviardé et figure toujours aujourd ’hui sur l’article wikipedia d’Alain Marleix ,
mis en cause à propos de l’attribution d’un poste de maître de conférences à sa fille Laurence Saint - Gilles au sein de la Sorbonne ( et ) soupçonné par l’équipe pédagogique de l’UFR d’histoire de Paris IV d’être intervenu auprès de la présidence de l’université en sa faveur .
Pire : la mention « Effacement par IP du ministère de l’intérieur » figure en toutes lettres , et en ( très ) bonne place , sur la page Discussion de l’article en question .
Top discrétion … surtout pour quelqu ’un qui passe pour le champion du charcutage « redécoupage » électoral .
NB , 17h10 : suite à plusieurs commentaires plutôt pertinents , j’ai substitué les références au terme « piratage » par celui , plus approprié , de « caviardage » .
Voir aussi :
Les corbeaux de Wikipedia , la net.enquête que j’avais effectuée pour l’hebdomadaire Vendredi au sujet des nombreux caviardages et piratages de Wikipedia par des politiques , et entreprises privées , ainsi que : WikiVala , que j’avais créé pour recenser le « best of » des piratages dans l’édition francophone de Wikipedia .
Voir aussi , pour ce qui est du redécoupage électoral , Découpage électoral : les ciseaux de la discorde , et Coups de ciseaux et noms d’oiseaux
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement People in Asia have seen the longest total solar eclipse this century , with large areas of India and China plunged into darkness .
Amateur stargazers and scientists travelled far to see the eclipse , which lasted six minutes and 39 seconds at its maximum point .
The eclipse could first be seen early on Wednesday in eastern India .
It then moved east across India , Nepal , Burma , Bangladesh , Bhutan , China , Japan and the Pacific .
The eclipse first became total over India at 0053GMT , and was last visible from land at Nikumaroro Island in the South Pacific nation of Kiribati .
It ended at 0418GMT .
Elsewhere , a partial eclipse was visible across much of Asia .
Mixed blessing
In India , millions gathered in open spaces from the west coast to the northern plains , with clouds parting in some cities at dawn - just before the total eclipse .
AT THE SCENE Sanjoy Majumder , BBC News
As we flew up high above the monsoon clouds over eastern India , the pilot counted down the minutes and dimmed the cabin lights .
Then as the passengers sucked in their breath and exclaimed , the outline of the moon travelled ever so slowly across the face of the sun until it was completely obscure - a darkened orb with the sun 's white crown visible in a perfect circle .
Around us the sky was pitch dark and the galaxy glittered in all its glory .
It was , as one passenger put it later , an emotional and breathtaking moment .
' A night to remember '
But thick clouds and an overcast sky obscured the view at the Indian village of Taregna , " epicentre " of the eclipse , says our correspondent in the area .
Many of the thousands of people who gathered there to watch the eclipse left the village disappointed .
" We were apprehensive of this cloudy weather but it was still a unique experience with morning turning into night for more than three minutes , " scientist Amitabh Pande told the Associated Press news agency .
Some enthusiasts in India were on board a special chartered flight for a close - up view of the eclipse .
The BBC's Sanjoy Majumder , who was on the flight , said that from a vantage point of 41,000 ft ( 12,500 m ) , it was a celestial spectacle like few others .
Among the passengers were a man who was witnessing it for the eighth time , scientists , amateur astronomers and children .
In India and Nepal , where it is considered auspicious to watch the eclipse while immersed in holy water , crowds gathered at rivers or ponds , including tens of thousands of people at Varanasi on the Ganges .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
" We have come here because our elders told us this is the best time to improve our afterlife , " said Bhailal Sharma , a villager who had travelled to Varanasi from central India .
The event in Varanasi was marred , however , when a woman was killed and several others injured in a stampede on the river banks , police said .
For others , the eclipse was seen to be a bad omen .
In Nepal , authorities shut all schools for the day to avoid exposing students to any ill - effects , says the BBC's Joanna Jolly in Kathmandu .
Some parents in Delhi kept their children from attending school at breakfast because of a Hindu belief that it is inauspicious to prepare food during an eclipse , while pregnant women were advised to stay inside due to a belief that the eclipse could harm a foetus .
In pictures : Solar eclipse India 's ' best place ' disappoints " My mother and aunts have called and told me stay in a darkened room with the curtains closed , lie in bed and chant prayers , " said Krati Jain , a software worker in Delhi who is expecting her first child .
Authorities in China , where an eclipse was a bad omen in ancient culture , reassured the public that services would run normally .
In the east of the country , heavy cloud or rain obscured it .
Pollution was also a barrier , with thick smog in Beijing blotting out the sky .
' Special opportunity '
The last total eclipse , in August 2008 , lasted two minutes and 27 seconds .
Alphonse Sterling , a Nasa astrophysicist who followed the latest eclipse from China , said scientists were hoping data from it would help explain solar flares and other structures of the sun and why they erupt .
People bought masks to view the eclipse " We 'll have to wait a few hundred years for another opportunity to observe a solar eclipse that lasts this long , so it 's a very special opportunity , " Shao Zhenyi , an astronomer at the Shanghai Astronomical Observatory in China told the Associated Press .
Solar eclipses allow scientists to see the gases surrounding the sun , or its corona .
Solar scientist Lucie Green , from University College London , was aboard an American cruise ship heading for the point near the Japanese island of Iwo Jima , where the axis of the Moon 's shadow passed closest to Earth .
" The [ Sun 's ] corona has a temperature of 2 million degrees but we do n't know why it is so hot , " she said .
" What we are going to look for are waves in the corona .
" The waves might be producing the energy that heats the corona .
That would mean we understand another piece of the science of the Sun . "
The next total solar eclipse will occur on 11 July , 2010 .
It will be visible in a narrow corridor over the southern hemisphere , from the southern Pacific Ocean to Argentina .
TOTAL SOLAR ECLIPSE
In the area covered by the umbra ( the darkest part of the shadow ) , a total eclipse is seen
In the region covered by the penumbra ( where only some of the light source is obscured ) a partial eclipse is seen
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Onko Enterprises asks you
It has been of a hundred years since the last documented zombie attack in the continental United States .
This uneasy peace with the dead , however , cannot last forever .
Are you prepared for the inevitable ???
Consider these sobering facts
Ninety - five percent of Americans live within two miles of a cemetery or mortuary .
Most Americans use and value their brains -- the natural food of zombies .
Ninety percent of zombie related fatalities occur in the home .
The only proven defense against zombie attack is an effective early warning system .
The sad fact is that in this modern world no home is safe .
However , when survival is a matter of a few minutes warning no family can afford to be without
Zombie Alert , by Onko , is the world leader in zombie warning systems .
The patented cyclo-kinetic energy radiation server senses zombie presence up to seventeen hundred yards away and emits a shrill warning capable of waking the most sound sleeper .
The links below contain the details about Zombie Alert and other products by Onko Enterprises .
You owe it to your loved ones to take a few minutes and review this important information .
This page web page brought to you by Onko , home of the
$ 1,000,000 guarantee
Should Zombie Alert fail to operate in a documented Zombie attack Onko Enterprises will pay the above sum to the owner of the failed product .
[ This bit of humor brought to you by Loris Productions .
All claims about Zombie Alert are false , provided for your entertainment , and nothing is actually offered for sale . ]
Comments ?
Mail us at
Activision Expands Catalog with Space Quest , King 's Quest and More
SUMMARY : Shirt Pocket announces the immediate availability of SuperDuper !
2.6 - improved and now compatible with Snow Leopard
Shirt Pocket is happy to announce that SuperDuper 2.6 is now available as a free update for all users .
The new version includes full Snow Leopard support as well as many other new features , such as " Backup on connect " , which , when configured , automatically backups up to a drive when it's connected to the Macintosh .
Of course , we did n't stop there .
Version 2.6 improves over a hundred aspects of our 2005 and 2006 Macworld Eddy - award winning application , improving nearly every part of the program , from performance improvements and additional AppleScript capabilities to additional features like " Eject on successful completion " and support for the Sparse Bundle image type .
" SuperDuper ! 2.6 is n't just a compatibility release for Snow Leopard " said David Nanian , owner of Shirt Pocket , talking to himself and feeling a bit Bob Doleish as he wrote the press release .
" We 've added many high - value features that our users are going to love , and it's an even better complement to Time Machine — all without any increase in complexity .
With SuperDuper ! , recovery from a disk crash is just a matter of rebooting from the backup ! "
SuperDuper continues to support both Intel and Power PC Macs running Mac OS X 10.4 or later , including the latest 10.6 release , and is a free update for existing users .
The unregistered version will perform full backups for free , and never expires .
Registration costs $ 27.95 and includes many additional timesaving features , including Smart Update for faster backups , Scheduling , and others .
More information , as well as a download link , can be found at http://www.shirt-pocket.com/SuperDuper.
About Shirt Pocket
Shirt Pocket , based in Weston , Massachusetts , was formed in late 2000 as a Macintosh - only shareware creator and publisher .
Shirt Pocket 's first product , the 2004 Eddy Award winning netTunes , lets customers control iTunes on one Mac from any other Mac on the network with iTunes own intuitive user interface .
launchTunes , Shirt Pocket 's second product , made iTunes ' playlist sharing practical by automatically launching iTunes on remote servers when needed .
SuperDuper ! , the 2005 and 2006 Eddy Award winning disk copying program that allows mere mortals to back up and restore their systems accurately and confidently , was released in January 2004 .
Shirt Pocket was started by David Nanian , co-founder of UnderWare , Inc , and one of the original authors of the BRIEF programmer 's editor and Track Record bug tracking system .
When GPS devices first started to become popular as options on vehicles , they were mainly limited to high - end luxury cars .
As the price of GPS technology has come down , more and more vehicles and motorcycles are adding GPS options and many are opting for portable navigation devices .
Garmin and BMW have announced the introduction of a new GPS device that is customized for BMW motorcycle owners called the BMW Motrrad Navigator IV .
The device has custom BMW features including a custom mount , preloaded BMW dealer database , and audio and Bluetooth capabilities .
The portable device has a 4.3 - inch screen that is touch capable and glove friendly .
The map database has millions of POIs installed and it gives turn - by - turn directions .
The Bluetooth capability allows for sync with a helmet headset for making calls and getting driving directions .
Pricing is unknown at this time .
Here , as promised , are some larger pictures of Maisie Williams and Sophie Turner , who will be portraying Arya and Sansa Stark , respectively , in the HBO pilot .
MAISIE WILLIAMSMaisie , I am informed , has some previous acting credits .
Stage work , I gather , nothing in television or film .
Until now .
Sorry , I have no further details .
SOPHIE TURNERSophie is brand new , David and Dan tell me .
Well , maybe some school plays .
She read for us at her school .
Do n't confuse her with the DR .
WHO Sophie Turner , please , or any of the other Sophie Turners that Google will turn up .
( She should probably tweak her name to make it more distinctive .
Maybe Sophie R.R. Turner .
Worked for me )
Watching out for a divine sign calling me to the priesthood was a stressful part of childhood , recalls Laurie Taylor in his weekly column .
" Have you prayed again for a vocation ? "
Facing the priest for confession was nerve - wracking " Yes , father . "
" And again nothing happened ? " " No , father . "
" Nothing at all ? " " Nothing at all , father . "
I always left the confessional box at my Catholic boarding school with a deep sense of failure .
It was bad enough knowing that I 'd have to miss playtime in order to spend at least half an hour on my knees reciting the long list of Our Fathers and Hail Marys which the priest had handed out as a penance for my modest collection of sins but what made matters worse was that I 'd once again had to confess that I was a failure on the vocation front .
For even though I 'd lain in bed every night in the dormitory praying for Jesus to enter my soul and announce that I had a vocation for the priesthood , he just never seemed to come knocking .
FIND OUT MORE Hear Laurie Taylor 's Thinking Allowed on Radio 4 at 1600 on Wednesdays or 0015 on Mondays
Or listen to it here on the iPlayer My friend , Wright , who 'd already had his vocation , told me that I should n't worry too much .
After all I was only 12 years old and Wright had heard of people as old as 18 who 'd had vocations .
But deep down I suspected that the reason why Jesus kept his distance was that he could sense a certain lack of concentration in my praying .
For no sooner did I steeple my fingers and go down on my knees than my mind raced away to matters which had little to do with goodness , reverence or piety .
Much of my praying , for example , took place in the back row of the church where there was a large mosaic of Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden .
But instead of inspiring thoughts of divine creation this merely prompted what the catechism called " indecent thoughts " .
Boswell rescue
What , I wondered , as I stared at Eve , lay behind that large green mosaic fig leaf .
Suppose I were to unpick the mosaic piece by piece I might then discover that secret flat white woman 's place which Riley had once pointed out to me in one of those airbrushed pictures in Health and Efficiency ?
" Dear Jesus .
Please call me to the priesthood as soon as possible . "
Adam and Eve conceal their nakedness
My failure to solicit a vocation - " You 'll know when you have one " , Father Isley once told me , " there 's this sudden blinding flash " - meant that there was no good reason to remain at a school which chiefly prided itself on producing priests .
But praying never became any easier .
As soon as I assumed a prayerful attitude in church my mind immediately raced away to matters of the flesh .
It was only when I reached the sixth form and read some of Boswell 's diary for the first time that I realised I was not in the grip of a purely personal pathology .
There on the page were my words of liberation .
" What a curious inconsistent thing is the mind of man " , wrote Dr Johnson 's wonderfully self - revealing biographer .
" In the midst of divine service I was laying plans for having women and yet I had the most sincere feelings of religion . "
It made me feel a great deal easier , so did the trip back to my old boarding school which I made at about the same time .
My first port of call , of course , was the pew near the Garden of Eden mosaic where I 'd prayed so often and unsuccessfully for my vocation .
I knelt down and let my eyes wander to Eve 's fig leaf .
It was no longer there .
Over the years since I 'd left naughty wandering fingers had slowly unpicked it piece by piece so that what was now revealed as Eve 's secret was no more than a flat irregular area of white studded mortar .
Health and Efficiency readers would have recognised it immediately .
Below is a selection of your comments .
Forced to pray for a vocation ...
Laurie Taylor got off lightly .
At my convent school , we were made to pray that we might have the privilege of being martyred for the faith .
Teresa , Hook , Hants I was six years old and at morning assembly at my infant school in Lincolnshire .
The teacher said the words " hands together , eyes closed " as she always did ( this was 1966 after all ) .
For some reason I chose not to close my eyes but instead looked at everyone else closing theirs .
That was my moment of revelation if you need to call it anything .
At that moment I knew that there was no god , that there never had been one and that there was no need for one .
Everything was fine , life was exciting and there were all these people around me .
I still remember the moment .
David Blake , London I always find it quite sad when people report praying without answer , and unsure whether to answer from my own experience .
But mine is that God does not answer rigged questions , but is much more liable to do so the more open possible answers are .
There are justifications for this from atheist and believer alike , that the vaguer question fits more coincidence as answer , or because God has his own thing to say that is not what we expect .
My experience is closer to the later , with repeating answers to the same effect from different sources , providing some confirmation to the unexpected nature of God 's plan .
If this is true , then Eve had nothing to do with it , although your interest in that area suggests that celibacy was never going to be for you .
Josh W , Swansea , Wales
A perfect example of the damaging effect of religion on children .
This boy had done not a thing wrong , but spent years living with feelings of guilt and inadequacy because he did n't receive a magic message from an imaginary being .
Stephanie , Plymouth
What a wonderful honest reflection on ones youth by Laurie Taylor and his struggle in coping with the the call of Christ and the wanting of flesh , which I admit made me laugh also , God does have a sense of humour after all .
As for Eve 's secret , hopefully her White Studded Mortar will at last be the foundation stone in which to build the long awaited sacred marriage , who needs a leaf when you have a forest ?
Who needs the calling of Christ when it is within ?
Thank you Laurie , you made me smile .
Jane , London
I feel sad about the view that sex and a vocation are mutually exclusive .
It is a Catholic custom , but not supported by the Holy Scriptures , the Bible .
Right from the start God created mankind male and female ; and he gave them a powerful urge to reproduce coupled with the command to fill the earth .
I wish the young Laurie Taylor had been taught that celibacy is a calling too ; and that if a man does n't feel inclined that way , he is free to marry .
I hope that one day Catholic priests are free to marry and carry out their service as priests .
Scriptures teaches us in Ephesians and other Pauline letters that marriage itself is a reflection of the intense love Christ has for his church .
Johanna Pillinger , Thame , England
You just did n't recognise that you were more vocationally qualified than the pure and chaste .
As St Augustine said " Oh Lord , give me chastity , but do not give it yet . "
As to the fig leaf - DH Lawrence pointed out in his poem Figs :
" But now they stitch to adorn the bursten fig , not to cover it .
They have their nakedness more than ever on their mind , And they wo n't let us forget it . "
Cue seeing Women in Love in a flea - pit cinema because our friends , the convent schoolgirls , wanted to see Oliver Reed naked .
ChrisJk , UK I did n't even know that I was waiting for the call to a vocation .
But he came knocking anyway and here I am a priest after 20 years in local government .
Revd David Messer , Stanton Bury St Edmunds
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
No pictures have been released of Ms Dugard as she looks today Police in the US have apologised for missing an opportunity in 2006 to find kidnap victim Jaycee Lee Dugard who was freed after 18 years in captivity .
Phillip and Nancy Garrido have denied abducting Ms Dugard when she was 11 and keeping her in a shed as a sex slave .
Police are now searching the Garrido home in Antioch for clues to several prostitute murders in the 1990s .
Several bodies in the unsolved murders were dumped near an industrial park where Mr Garrido worked .
Ms Dugard and two children she bore in captivity in Antioch , 200 miles ( 320 km ) away from where she was abducted , were freed this week .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Phillip and Nancy Garrido denied 29 charges including kidnap , rape and false imprisonment when they appeared briefly in court in El Dorado County on Friday .
Mr Garrido , 58 , a convicted rapist and kidnapper , is suspected of fathering Ms Dugard 's children while he kept her in his backyard .
He and his wife Nancy , 54 , are accused of abducting her in the town of South Lake Tahoe , in the Sierra Nevada Mountains .
Ms Dugard was bundled into a car in the county in 1991 as she waited at a bus stop on her way to school .
Bus stop abduction Police visited the Garrido California home in November 2006 , when a neighbour alerted them to suspicious behaviour there .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" The caller said Garrido was psychotic and had a sexual addiction , " Sheriff Warren Rupf told reporters .
But the investigating police officer only spoke to Mr Garrido and did not enter his property to carry out a search .
" I 'm first in line to offer organisational criticism and to offer my apologies to the victims and accept responsibility for having missed an earlier opportunity , " said Sheriff Rupf .
The suspects are being held without bail and a further court hearing has been scheduled for 14 September .
' Like a marriage '
Ms Dugard and her children are staying at a motel near San Francisco after being reunited with Ms Dugard 's mother , Terri Probyn .
Her step - father , Carl Probyn , saw his step - daughter being snatched from a bus stop in 1991 .
His now estranged wife told him that Ms Dugard appeared young but healthy .
She added that her daughter felt " really guilty for bonding with this guy " , Mr Probyn told CBS news .
Mr Probyn said : " Jaycee has strong feelings with this guy .
She really feels it 's almost like a marriage . "
' A disgusting thing ' Fred Kollar , undersheriff in El Dorado County , described finding a makeshift compound in the backyard consisting of sheds , tents and outbuildings .
The true identity of the backyard 's inhabitants only emerged after Mr Garrido was called in along with his " family " for a parole office hearing on Wednesday .
CHARGES AGAINST THE GARRIDOS
Kidnapping a child under 14 Kidnapping for sexual purposes
False imprisonment by violence Six counts each of forcible rape Seven counts each of " forcible lewd act on a child "
In pictures : The Garrido home Suspicions had been aroused when Mr Garrido , who has a printing business , was seen acting suspiciously towards the children as he tried to enter the University of California , Berkeley , campus to hand out religious literature .
Diane Doty , a neighbour , said she often heard children playing in the backyard , and wondered why they were living in tents
The alleged abductor has himself told a US TV channel that his story was " heart - warming " .
" It 's a disgusting thing that took place with me at the beginning , but I turned my life completely around , " Mr Garrido told KCRA television from El Dorado County jail .
Court records show that Mr Garrido was convicted of kidnapping and raping a 25 - year - old woman in South Lake Tahoe in 1976 .
Layout of the back garden where Jaycee Lee Dugard is said to have lived
More details
US BLOGGERS REACT TO THE KIDNAPPING Unless Dugard was kept under lock and key for the entire 18 years of her captivity , over the next few days , certainly there will be an abundance of pieces about Stockholm syndrome and wondering why she did n't ask for help before ...
If Dugard 's captors gave her any freedom , locals will start piping up about how she went to the grocery store or to the park , suggesting that she could have fled at any time .
Torie Bosch , blogging at DoubleX , speculates about the reasons why Jaycee Dugard did not escape .
Over the last 18 years I have often thought about what happened to Jaycee .
Every time there was a news report about the discovery of bones in California , I would follow up to see if it was the remains of Jaycee .
It never was .
Over 18 years my mind wandered back to me sitting in Jaycee 's bedroom with Terry , how neat and tidy it was , ready for her return .
I had n't thought about Jaycee in a while , until today .
Anthony Batson , formerly a producer for America 's Most Wanted , remembers the day he interviewed Jaycee Dugard 's parents .
Though the investigation is now ongoing , perhaps more details will emerge [ about Nancy Garrido's ] role in this 18 - year saga .
Was it fear that kept Nancy silent ?
Or does this just go to show how some women can overlook the monster in their husbands ?
YourTango's Julie Leung turns the spotlight on Phillips Garrido 's wife .
The fact that various acquaintances thought Garrido was crazy and actually saw Dugard and her daughters reveals how willing we sometimes are to ignore the strange behavior of others , and how this willingness can sometimes allow criminals to operate with impunity for years .
Jezebel 's Anna N wonders whether Mr Garrido 's neighbours could have been more vigilant .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Aug. 29 , 2009  --
The World Health Organization warned Friday that doctors around the world are now reporting a severe form of swine flu that goes straight to the lungs of otherwise healthy young people -- but some infectious disease experts said the alarm could be unwarranted .
The WHO update comes in the wake of reports from some countries that as many as 15 percent of patients infected with the new H1N1 pandemic virus require extensive -- and expensive -- hospital care .
" During the winter season in the southern hemisphere , several countries have viewed the need for intensive care as the greatest burden on health services , " the report said .
" Preparedness measures need to anticipate this increased demand on intensive care units , which could be overwhelmed by a sudden surge in the number of severe cases . "
But infectious disease experts from both inside and outside the government say that the phrasing used by WHO raises some questions -- particularly because the existence of such a form of the disease is not a new development .
" WHO is certainly putting the fear of [ God ] in people with this type of release , " said William Muraskin , a professor of urban studies at Queens College in New York , who is a specialist in international health .
" The description by the WHO is similar to lung infections that claimed so many young people during the 1918 pandemic . "
Dr. Julie Gerberding , former director of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , noted , " Severe pneumonia occurred in 1918 too , but we cannot confirm the pathophysiology is the exactly the same . "
And Dr. Anthony Fauci of the National Institutes of Health , one of the government 's preeminent figures on swine flu , told ABC News ' Brian Hartman , " The severity should not be anything near what we saw in 1918 -- again , underscoring that things can change .
" But if what we 're seeing now is predictive of what we 'll be seeing in the fall and the winter this looks like a mild to moderate , not a very severe , pandemic . "
Swine Flu May Not Be as Deadly as Past Pandemics
Indeed , many believe that the ultimate impact of the swine flu will not be as disastrous as that of pandemics of times past .
" The total mortality remains extremely low , " said John Barry , author of " The Great Influenza . "
" And as far as the cases go , it 's important to remember that while such [ severe ] cases have been seen , they are extremely rare . "
But rare or not , the severe form of the illness is a deadly emergency .
Dr. Jeffrey Boscamp , chair in pediatrics at the Children 's Hospital at Hackensack University Medical Center in New Jersey , said that the lung infection triggers a syndrome called acute respiratory distress syndrome .
" The lung becomes a battleground : the virus versus all of the immunologic components that are recruited to the lung to fight the infection , " Boscamp said .
" The inflammation is so severe that it becomes impossible for the lung to put oxygen back into the blood .
" When oxygenation becomes impossible , other organs -- kidneys , heart , et cetera -- fail , and death can be the outcome . "
And Dr. Greg Poland , director of the Vaccine Research Group at the Mayo Clinic , noted that the intensive care doctors he works with are in contact with other intensivists around the world who describe a bleeding , or hemorrhagic , lung infection .
Poland said these doctors " are indeed seeing high viral , overwhelming viral , pneumonia , which then leads to hemorrhagic pneumonitis and severe respiratory distress syndrome ; this has been requiring extraordinarily intensive therapy . "
A spike in such severe cases could have big implications for hospitals , some fear .
" I have seen a number of these cases , with a number of deaths , " said Dr. Christian Sandrock , medical director of the Intensive Care Unit at the University of California Davis Medical Center .
He added that while doctors can treat patients with much more specialized medical care now , if these very sick patients increase in numbers at hospitals , " These are the patients that are going to crush us . "
Wire reports contributed to this story .
" If he had n't managed to fix the problem we could have been delayed for six to eight hours and there were a lot of young families on board so he was the hero .
Note : Sanrio legal counsel has contacted me because they realize that their fans are not bright enough to know what is an official Sanrio product and what is not .
They did n’t feel that this would be a problem until the fans started contacting them directly , and they soon realized how painful it was to actually have to converse with a fanatic , and not even they had the patience to actually do this .
As a result , they sent out a notice to me begging for me to take down my posts about guns that had the evil feline on them just so they did n’t have to ever correspond with the fanatics again .
When I explained that they brought it on themselves , they pleaded that I spare them the torture that they inflict on me on a daily basis and asked me to post the following , Since I actually have a conscience , here is what they have to say :
Sanrio® has informed us that Sanrio is not involved in the manufacture or sale of Hello Kitty guns or weapons , and does not allow Hello Kitty ® to be used to market guns or weapons .
The items shown in this post are either digitally fabricated images or were custom - decorated without Sanrio ’s permission .
Sanrio alleges that creating false digitized images of Hello Kitty guns or weapons , or custom - decorating a real gun or weapon with Hello Kitty art , infringes Sanrio ’s copyrights and trademarks , and may violate criminal laws .
And onto the original post …
Because nothing shows the true cuteness and sweet side of Hello Kitty — and the love and happiness she brings to all — as 50,000 volts of electricity streaming through your body :
Of course , the existence of a Hello Kitty taser gun should n’t come as a surprise at all considering all the Hello Kitty guns already out there .
And if the Hello Kitty taser were used properly ( as in Hello Kitty fanatics self - tasering themselves every time the thought of purchasing something Hello Kitty entered their mind ) , it really could be a benefit for society .
Alas , I fear that if my wife ever gets one of these , the only use for it will come right before I get sent to the couch in the Hello Kitty sleeping bag .
The fact that Hello Kitty
Hell can always get worse is once again shown to be true …
Sent in by Chrissey who should use this device on herself multiple times as punishment for thinking that sending it to me could ever be a good idea .
Israeli Soldiers Break The Silence On Gaza War
Several months have passed since the end of operation Cast Lead in Gaza .
Yet , a lot of Israelis are still wondering what really happened there .
Despite many doubts on their claims of accuracy , Israeli officials still maintain that the IDF ’s conduct was faultless , and that public accountability is uncalled for .
However , the clear evidence of serious violations of international laws committed by IDF ’s soldiers following the explicit instructions of their officers are piling up .
A report from the organization “ Breaking The Silence ” not only confirms , but also expands on the allegations of war crimes in Gaza already brought to public knowledge by previous reports from the UN and Amnesty International .
Breaking The Silence ’s report gives a valuable inside look at the operation “ Cast Lead ” conducted by Israel in Gaza from December 2008 to January 2009 .
The report is based on the testimonies of around thirty Israeli soldiers who took part in the military operation .
The Israeli soldiers interviewed for the report speak out on Israel ’s policy of house demolition , and the use of white phosphorous artillery shells .
They also recall some disturbing instructions given to them during briefings before the attack , such as “ Better hit an innocent than hesitate to target an enemy . ”
Or , “ if you are not sure just kill , in guerrilla urban warfare , anyone is your enemy , there are no innocents . ”
Find out more about the organization “ Breaking The Silence ” here .
Saltar a la fecha de hoy .
section = politica nombre = impresa.politica
La ley de salarios máximos es letra muerta para ministros y magistrados Manifestación de protesta realizada ayer frente a la SCJN Foto María Meléndrez Parada
Lo que resta de 2009 seguirán percibiendo más de $ 340 mil mensuales , incluidas prestaciones
Su ingreso es casi igual al de Barack Obama La reforma constitucional entró en vigor el martes
Se ordena que ningún funcionario deberá ganar más que el Presidente de la República
Exige Iker Larrauri a la SEP retirar del libro de sexto su obra
El paso de Bering Deben corregirse los errores y luego reditar dicho texto , demanda el artista plástico Autoridades , las primeras que violan las leyes ; millones de niños están aprendiendo burradas
Nadie puede deshacerse de la historia : Narro La historia es la historia y uno no puede deshacerse de ella , sostuvo el rector de la Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México ( UNAM ) , José Narro Robles .
Continuar
Lujambio debe explicar al Congreso fallas en los libros Monreal pide que se cite a comparecer al secretario de Educación
Corregirá la SEP todos los errores en los libros de historia : Zoraida Vázquez La especialista compromete su prestigio como profesora emérita del Colmex Garantiza que pedirá a sus colegas que tengan más cuidado con las ilustraciones
Reportan retrasos en la entrega de textos gratuitos en Edomex y Sinaloa Profesores de Michoacán advierten que no los aceptarán
Más presupuesto a educación superior , exige Narro Robles
El rector de la UNAM insta a considerarla área prioritaria Repercute recorte en planes de universidades de Morelos y el Edomex
Hacienda debe dar a conocer monto y número de becas para hijos de militares Revoca el IFAI clasificación de información reservada por 5 años
El libro de texto no debe sustituir el ejercicio : Ssa
El libro de educación física para el nivel primaria no puede sustituir la actividad física que los niños deben realizar diariamente , por lo menos durante 30 minutos , afirmó el titular de la Secretaría de Salud ( Ssa ) , José Angel Córdova Villalobos .
Continuar
México , sólido ante crisis e inseguridad , afirma Calderón
El país pasa la prueba ante las adversidades , sostiene Entrega premio Edison a CFE por destaponar el cauce del río Grijalva
Liberar recursos para el campo , exige Paredes La CNC irá al enfrentamiento legislativo
Grandes consorcios no pagaron al fisco $ 43.8 mil millones en 2007 : ASF Reporta más desvíos a fideicomisos y contratos análogos
El PRD impulsará en el Congreso seguro de desempleo y plan de emergencia económica La propuesta que presentará en la 61 Legislatura incluye un programa alimentario urgente
Contraloría del IFE detecta malos manejos en el gasto de este año Hay facturas alteradas y cheques a nombre de servidores públicos
Buscará el PT eliminar el IETU La fracción del Partido del Trabajo ( PT ) para la 61 Legislatura en la Cámara de Diputados presentó su agenda legislativa , cuyo propósito se enfoca en eliminar los paraísos fiscales que amparan la impunidad de cientos de empresas y holdings ; derogar el impuesto empresarial a tasa única ( IETU ) , y utilizar los fondos y fideicomisos integrados con recursos públicos para apoyar a los sectores productivos del país .
Continuar
Encinas y Zambrano renuncian a seguro de gastos médicos en la 61 Legislatura Además buscarán que se acaben malos manejos de legisladores con los boletos de avión
Trabajadores al servicio del PRD en San Lázaro toman instalaciones de la bancada Rechazan la propuesta de liquidación hecha por Sonia Ibarra
El cártel de Carlos Salinas es el que más ha dañado al país , asegura López Obrador
Uno de sus ataques será tratar de imponer el IVA en alimentos y medicinas , advierte
Gómez Mont entregará en San Lázaro el tercer Informe de Calderón Impulsan un mecanismo más moderno de rendición de cuentas
El actual gobierno es una desgracia nacional : Jesús Ortega Martínez También criticó los nulos resultados del combate al crimen
La PGR ha resuelto menos de 3 % de las desapariciones ocurridas en la guerra sucia Informe de la CNDH pone en evidencia las omisiones cometidas por las autoridades
Legisladores reprueban a Medina Mora en materia de protección a periodistas Nunca ha mostrado interés en proteger a comunicadores : Priego
Presentan libro sobre los crímenes de Pinochet El rector de la Universidad Autónoma de la Ciudad de México , Manuel Pérez Rocha ; Gonzalo Martínez Corbalá , embajador de México en Chile cuando ocurrió el golpe militar contra Salvador Allende , y la periodista Blanche Petrich , presentaron la edición en francés del libro Rompiendo el silencio , yo te acuso Pinochet , de Martha Elena Montoya Vélez .
Continuar
Intento de rescate a dos levantados termina trágicamente en Pueblo Nuevo , Durango Mueren tres policías , un maleante y uno de los retenidos ; el otro resulta gravemente herido Hubo también otras 26 bajas en diversas acciones relacionadas con el crimen organizado
Baleado fallece tras ser rechazado en hospital del ISSSTE en Chihuahua Chihuahua , Chih. , 26 de agosto .
Un hombre que recibió varios balazos en un intento de ejecución falleció luego de que personal de la clínica del Instituto de Seguridad y Servicios Sociales de los Trabajadores del Estado ( ISSSTE ) , que era el hospital más cercano al sitio donde fue atacado , le negó atención médica por temor a que los agresores irrumpieran en el nosocomio para rematarlo .
Continuar
La tasa de muertes violentas en Juárez , 9 veces la media nacional : García Luna
En 10 años se ha duplicado el consumo de droga , dice ; pide enfrentar al narco con visión de Estado
Oficializan llamado a IP para edificar penales
El gobierno mantendría control de la seguridad y la administración
Evangélicos no cooperantes amenazan a ejidatario tzotzil Edras Alonso y el gobierno los apoyan , denuncian en Mitzitón El problema es el paso de la autopista a Palenque por la zona , dicen
Maximiano Barbosa y su hijo , heridos de gravedad en un ataque Fueron baleados en el balneario El Retano ; se desconoce el móvil Según Seguridad Pública , la agresión vino de tres hombres armados
Marcha indígena contra la liberación de asesinos de Acteal San Cristóbal de las Casas , Chis. , 26 de agosto .
Más de mil indígenas que hace un año se separaron de la organización de la sociedad civil Las Abejas –y ahora se hacen llamar Las Abejas , Chiapas , México– realizaron una marcha en esta ciudad para protestar por la liberación de 20 tzotziles acusados de haber participado en la matanza de Acteal , pues ello posibilitará la reagrupación de los paramilitares y pondrá en riesgo la paz social en la región .
Exigieron que se ponga un alto a la liberación de los paramilitares y afirmaron que en las comunidades de Chenalhó aún están las armas con las que se cometió la masacre el 22 de diciembre de 1997 y que provocó nuestro desplazamiento forzado .
Continuar
The US Attorney for Nevada is going after a Las Vegas newspaper in order to get information on certain commenters on its website .
The Las Vegas Review - Journal says that the attorney 's office is asking for the identities of two specific commenters who made statements that could be construed as threatening to jurors or prosecutors in a case .
This request is significantly scaled back from the original demand , however , which the attorney 's office now acknowledges was overly broad .
The LVRJ originally received a federal grand jury subpoena on June 2 asking for the identities of every single commenter on a particular article posted to the newspaper 's website .
The article was about a federal tax fraud case against a local business owner , Robert Kahre , and a number of the comments on the story alluded to ( or directly described ) physical violence against those who might convict Kahre .
" The sad thing is there are 12 dummies on the jury who will convict him .
They should be hung along with the feds , " reads one comment on the story .
Another commenter wagered a bet that one of the prosecutors would not live to see his next birthday .
Newer comments , such as one posted today , read " Death to the taxman .
Death to the jury . "
Thomas Mitchell , the editor of the LVRJ , said that he planned to fight the request under the First Amendment , describing the anonymous speech as " a fundamental and historic part of this country . "
He and the newspaper never got far enough to seek to quash the subpoena , however , because federal prosecutors decided that their original action asked for too much information .
According to a new report on the newspaper 's website , they told US District Judge David Ezra this week that they had issued the subpoena out of concern for juror safety , but that they decided to back off and only go after two commenters — the one about 12 dummies , and the one betting on the prosecutor 's death .
Mitchell said that he finds this request to be much more reasonable , and the newspaper plans to hand over whatever info they have on those individuals .
" We want to be good citizens and do the proper thing , " Mitchell said .
" We will give them what we have , which frankly is n't much , since most postings are anonymous . "
The situation is not entirely resolved , however .
The American Civil Liberties Union of Nevada still believes that the request is unreasonable and that it could result in a chilling effect .
" We do n't think any of the comments we 've seen are the appropriate target of government inquiry , " ACLU staff attorney Margaret McLetchie told the LVRJ , adding that the ACLU had not seen the comment betting on a prosecutor 's death ( the newspaper says it was deleted because it violated the site 's TOS ) .
Regardless , the organization has moved forward with its own motion to quash the subpoena in hopes of having it declared unconstitutional .
This is a very contentious issue .
The courts have generally protected anonymous speech online , though they are not fully aligned on where the line should be drawn .
A California appeals court ruled in 2008 that anonymous trolls on the Internet are allowed to remain anonymous , no matter how scathing their comments may be , and a Maryland Appeals Court overturned a ruling earlier this year that would have unveiled the identity of three anonymous Internet commenters .
However , a judge in Texas saw it fit to order an online news site to unveil identifying details about hundreds of anonymous commenters .
Of course , what could be considered death threats against prosecutors and jurors are on a whole different level than just referring to someone as the " Herpies Queen , " so the outcome of the ACLU 's motion may not be as predictable as it looks .
From : rarahursty
2009-08-05 03:37 pm ( UTC )
That is pretty awesome :)
From : j_n_white
2009-08-05 04:23 pm ( UTC )
hehe
/ me < 3 his companion cube
From : davidn
2009-08-05 05:26 pm ( UTC )
That is , indeed , a triumph .
Definitely among the top examples of bringing Portal stuff into real life I 've seen !
Even the cake looks eerily authentic .
From : j_n_white
2009-08-05 05:51 pm ( UTC )
:)
Thanks .
I have n't actually eaten any of the cake to see if it really is ' so delicious and moist '
From : purplejellygem
2009-08-05 06:51 pm ( UTC )
brilliant !
ps. you have too much time on your hands :P
From : j_n_white
2009-08-05 07:06 pm ( UTC )
I do n't have too much time just not the usual priorities in life :)
From : shikasta
2009-08-05 07:03 pm ( UTC )
You have to be the 13377357 person I know .
How much get a copy of the blueprints ?
From : j_n_white
2009-08-05 07:08 pm ( UTC )
There are n't so much blue prints as various scrawled notes in pencil on various sheets of paper I can give you the dimensions and rough guide of how to make it if you like .
( Deleted comment )
From : j_n_white
2009-08-07 06:58 am ( UTC )
Hey dude
Thanks :D
From : puskunk
2009-08-06 04:16 am ( UTC )
http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/97u65/this_was_a_triumph_guy_builds_weighted_companion/
This is awesome !
You made front page on reddit :
This is awesome !
From : j_n_white
2009-08-07 06:59 am ( UTC )
Sweet !
So that would explain how I exceeded my photobucket bandwidth XD
From : tangywolf
2009-08-06 04:53 am ( UTC )
Holy wow , this is impressive .
From : toffeescorpion
2009 -08-06 05:48 am ( UTC )
You have excelled yourself this time .
* wants *
From : ( Anonymous )
2009-08-06 12:09 pm ( UTC )
? I do n't get it ...
From : briansiano
2009-08-06 07:45 pm ( UTC )
This punches my buttons as a Portal fan and as a woodworker .
Lovely work !
From : ( Anonymous )
2009-08-06 08:12 pm ( UTC )
pics Jeez can we get a few more pics ?
From : j_n_white
2009-08-07 07:02 am ( UTC )
Re : pics
If I get chance this afternoon I can take a few more pictures .
From : ( Anonymous )
2009-08-06 11:28 pm ( UTC )
wow .
could you please use a service that will actually ALLOW the image to stay up ?
try tinypic.com
From : j_n_white
2009-08-07 07:02 am ( UTC )
Sorry about that I did n't realise how popular this would be .
Thanks for the recommendation of tinypic .
From : loopychew
2009-08-07 08:31 am ( UTC )
Also , you made it to Digg , as well :
Edited at 2009 -08-07 08:32 am ( UTC )
You must be the pride of $ SUBJECT_HOMETOWN_HERE .
That is unbridled awesome .
Also , you made it to Digg , as well : http://digg.com/d3znIG
From : ( Anonymous )
2009-08-07 09:23 am ( UTC )
It 's hard to overstate my satisfaction .
You really need to upgrade Internet Explorer to be here ...
Download it now ...
The embattled Kyle and Jackie O Show is scheduled to return to the airwaves on August 17 .
The date has been flagged to the station 's advertisers by Austereo executives .
The program , in '' recess ' ' after a disastrous lie - detector stunt in which a 14 - year - old was questioned about her sexual history , will have been off air for just two weeks .
While some media outlets have reported the show was suspended , it was only taken off air because Sandilands told the station he was unwilling to work .
According to a Written Answer by the Home Office Minister Admiral Lord West of Spithead , the controversial " If you suspect it , report " terrorism propaganda campaign , involving posters and some local newspaper and local radio advertising , launched in March 2009 , has cost at least £ 1.7 million , and the " anti- terrorist hotline " costs about £ 120,000 a year to run .
Spy Blog : Metropolitan Police terrorism fear Propaganda Poster lies about bombs , reconnaissance and CCTV cameras - updated 25th March 2009
This campaign includes this false and misleading poster , which claims a non existent link between public CCTV and protection against terrorist bombs : " A bomb wo n't go off here because weeks before a shopper reported someone studying the CCTV cameras "
In answer to a Question by Baroness Neville - Jones ( Shadow Security Minister , Home Affairs ; Conservative ) :
9 July 2009 : Column WA176 Lord West of Spithead ( Parliamentary Under - Secretary ( Security and Counter - terrorism ) , Home Office ; Labour )
The confidential anti-terrorist hotline is administered by the Metropolitan Police Service .
The hotline receives , on average , 243 calls per month .
In March 2009 , the Association of Chief Police Officers ( ACPO ) launched a national media campaign to raise counterterrorism awareness .
The anti-terrorist hotline received more than 1,800 calls in March 2009 and more than 1,100 in April 2009 .
The anti-terrorist hotline is a 24 - hour facility for members of the public to volunteer information to specially - trained police officers , in confidence , regarding any activity which they suspect to be terrorism - related .
The police service considers the anti-terrorist hotline to be a valuable means for the public to volunteer information in confidence .
It is assessed that more than 80 per cent of calls received by the hotline contain information relevant to terrorist activity .
It is estimated that the anti-terrorist hotline costs approximately £ 120,000 to run each year . [... ]
Incredibly , this Written Answer about the " Anti-Terrorism Hotline " , does not bother to mention the actual telephone number !
i.e. 0800 789 321
" on average , 243 calls per month " equates to about 2900 calls a year or about £ 40 per call .
The " more than 1,800 calls in March 2009 and more than 1,100 in April 2009 " following the ACPO poster , local press and local radio advertising campaign , has , presumably , now tailed off to below the " on average , 243 calls per month " figure , which must include the effect of the advertising campaign stimulated peaks .
If you bother to hunt around on the Metropolitan Police Service website , there is a " If you suspect it , report it " web page which gives further details about the " Anti- Terrorist Hotline " , but none of the Climate of Fear propaganda posters or adverts bother to give details of how to find this web page .
This creepy and disproportionate web page tries to throw suspicion of involvement in terrorism on anyone who uses a " Van , Passport , Mobile Phone , Camera , Chemicals , Masks and Goggles , Credit Card , Computer , Suitcase or Padlock " i.e. the vast majority of millions of innocent people !
There is now , after many years without one , a confidential online form , which does make use of the standard SSL / TLS session strong encryption , built in to your web browser software to protect the confidentiality of your e-commerce credit card etc.online transactions .
N.B. Reminder to the MPS : your Digital Certificate expires later this month on the 24th July 2009 , do remember to get a new one ordered and installed before then .
However , " text messages from mobiles are not accepted " , which is an utterly stupid policy .
What are they worried about ?
SMS text messages are no more difficult to trace than mobile phone calls .
There is also no no Web Form or Mobile Phone Multi Media Message Service facility for uploading digital images or video clips taken by members of the public on their digital cameras or mobile phone cameras of " suspicious " people , locations or objects .
It is inconceivable that in the aftermath of the next major terrorist attack in the UK , there will not be an appeal to the public to send in such digital images and video clips of " anything suspicious " .
Why waste crucial time in the minutes and hours immediately after such an attack , by hurriedly setting up an untested web upload form or an SMS / MMS capable mobile phone number , and then trying to publicise it . ?
This facility should already be in place , after having been properly specified and stress tested to cope with the huge surge in demand which will follow a major incident .
Adding such a secure web form and SMS / MMS digital image / video clip upload facility would cost only a few hundred pounds , and even allowing for several thousand pounds for extra secure , resilient infrastructure , testing and training , this will still only cost a fraction of the the £ 1.7 million pounds wasted on the counter productive , insulting and widely ridiculed advertising campaign .
See BoingBoing : Remixes of the paranoid London police " anti-terror " / suspect your neighbours posters .
WASHINGTON 
The chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff has written a searing critique of government efforts at “ strategic communication ” with the Muslim world , saying that no amount of public relations will establish credibility if American behavior overseas is perceived as arrogant , uncaring or insulting .
The critique by the chairman , Adm .
Mike Mullen , comes as the United States is widely believed to be losing ground in the war of ideas against extremist Islamist ideology .
The issue is particularly relevant as the Obama administration orders fresh efforts to counter militant propaganda , part of its broader strategy to defeat the Taliban and Al Qaeda in Afghanistan and Pakistan .
“ To put it simply , we need to worry a lot less about how to communicate our actions and much more about what our actions communicate , ” Admiral Mullen wrote in the critique , an essay to be published Friday by Joint Force Quarterly , an official military journal .
“ I would argue that most strategic communication problems are not communication problems at all , ” he wrote .
“ They are policy and execution problems .
Each time we fail to live up to our values or do n’t follow up on a promise , we look more and more like the arrogant Americans the enemy claims we are . ”
Stereo Boot Camp ... or HOW DO I SEE THESE THINGS ?
Click HERE to find out .
One of the neatest aspects of erlang is the OTP release system , which allows you to do real - time upgrades of your application code .
But before you can take advantage of it , you need to create a embedded first target system .
Unfortunately , the documentation can be quite hard to follow , so this is my attempt at clearly explaining how to create your own first target system .
At 12 steps , it ’s definitely not simple , but you only have to get it right once 🙂
Assumptions
You ’re running linux / unix , probably Ubuntu .
You already have the desired version of erlang installed .
I ’ll refer to the install dir as $ ERLDIR , which should be the same as code: root_dir ( ) .
The latest release , as of 6/1/2009 , is R13B01 , with erts - 5.7.2 .
, which should be the same as The latest release , as of 6/1/2009 , is R13B01 , with erts - 5.7.2 .
You have your own application code that you want to include in the target system .
These apps are located in $ REPODIR / lib/ , follow the OTP directory structure , and have app files in ebin / .
Steps
Create the initial release resource file , which I ’ll refer to as FIRST.rel .
I ’ll also assume the release version is 1.0 .
The rel file should include your own applications as well as any OTP applications your code depends on .
Put FIRST .rel in the directory you want to use for creating your target system , such as / tmp / build / .
Warning : do not put this file in $ REPODIR / releases / .
Otherwise step 5 will not work because systools will have issues creating the package .
Optional : Create sys.config in the same directory as FIRST.rel .
sys.config can be used to override the default application configuration for any application include in the release .
Open an erlang console in the same directory as FIRST.rel .
This directory is where the target system will be created .
Call systools : make_script ( " FIRST " , [ no_module_tests , {path , [ " $ REPODIR/lib/*/ebin " ] } ] ) .
This will create a boot script for the target system .
The script file must be created for the next step to work .
Call systools : make_tar ( " FIRST " , [ no_module_tests , {path , [ " $ REPODIR / lib /*/ebin " ]} , {dirs , [ include , src]} , {erts , " $ ERLDIR " } ] ) .
This will create a release package containing your code and include files , plus all the . beam files for the included OTP applications .
Note : no_module_tests will ignore errors that do n’t matter , such as missing src code , which is common for OTP apps .
Exit the console .
You should find FIRST - 1.0.tar.gz in your current directory .
Ideally , this would be the last step , but more likely , you ’ll need to do the customizations covered below .
Unpack the tarball into your target directory and cd into it .
For a different take on these first steps , check out An Introduction to Releases with Erlybank .
Copy erts - 5.7.2 / bin / start into bin/ ( if bin / does n’t exist , create it ) .
Edit bin /start and set the ROOTDIR to your target directory ( which should also be your current directory ) .
This is the same $ ROOTDIR referred to below .
Also copy erts -5.7.2/bin/ run_erl and erts - 5.7.2/ bin/ start_erl into bin/ , then do mkdir log ( or change the paths at the bottom of bin / start ) .
At this point , you may also want to add your own emulator flags , such as - sname NODE - smp auto - setcookie MYCOOKIE + A 128 .
Copy erts - 5.7.2 / bin / erl into bin/ and set the same ROOTDIR as you did in bin / start .
Copy $ ERLDIR/bin/start_clean.boot or $ ERLDIR/bin/start_sasl.boot to bin/start.boot .
I like using start_sasl .boot since it provides more logging .
But if you do n’t want extra logging , use start_clean.boot .
Run echo " 5.7.2 1.0 " > releases / start_erl.data .
This tells erlang which version of erts to run , and which release version to use at startup .
Run bin/erl and call release_handler:create_RELEASES( " $ ROOTDIR " , " $ ROOTDIR / releases / " , " $ ROOTDIR / releases / FIRST.rel " , [ ] ) .
Exit the console , and there should be a file releases / RELEASES containg a spec .
That ’s it , you ’re done !
At this point you should be able to run bin / start , then use bin / to_erl to get the console ( Ctrl - D to exit ) .
If you want to deploy to other nodes , you can repack the target system , distribute it to each node , then unpack it and run bin / start .
If you do distribute to other nodes , make sure to unpack in the same location on each node , otherwise you ’ll have to go back to step 7 and modify ROOTDIR .
Fin
At this point you should have customized , self - contained erlang target system that you can distribute and run on all your nodes .
Now you can finally take advantage of release handling with hot code swapping .
In an upcoming article , I ’ll cover how to deploy release upgrades using reltools and fab .
Matt Bishop of MMA for Real had Kevin Iole on his Lights Out Radio show and broke the news that Affliction will be returning to the UFC as a sponsor .
Iole has updated his earlier post that reported an Affliction - Strikeforce merger to remove any reference to that and update with this instead :
Later on Friday , Affliction opted to get out of the promoting business and , in a joint statement with the Ultimate Fighting Championship , announced it would become a sponsor of the UFC .
The fate of the fighters under contract with Affliction is not known yet .
Here 's what Iole originally posted only hours ago :
Affliction itself is fighting simply for survival .
Several sources have said that Affliction and Strikeforce will have some type of merger with Strikeforce retaining its name .
Affliction ’s Tom Atencio denied any merger is imminent , and Strikeforce CEO Scott Coker is in Italy on vacation and could n’t be reached for comment .
However , two independent sources told Yahoo !
Sports a deal is either completed or on the verge of completion .
White said an Affliction attorney flew to Las Vegas only days after UFC 100 and offered to fold and turn its contracts over to the UFC if the UFC would remove its ban on its fighters wearing Affliction T - shirts .
" I told him , ‘ I hope you idiots stay in business , ’ " White said .
" We had a record year in 2007 .
We had a record year in 2008 .
And we ’re going to have an even bigger record year in 2009 .
I said , ‘ I hope you … stay around in 2010 and burn every dollar you have . ’
What they do is of no concern to me . "
This is a major major news shakeup .
Only hours ago it appeared that Scott Coker and Strikeforce were on the verge of dramtically solidifying their position as the undisputed # 2 MMA promotion in the U.S. and now it appears that the UFC is further ahead than ever .
Strikeforce CEO Scott Coker picked the wrong week to go to Italy on vacation .
Iole is also teasing hard that Dana White will make a major announcement on ESPN radio 1100 Las Vegas tonight at 9 pm EDT .
Speculation is heavy that that announcement might relate to yesterday 's Bloody Elbow exclusive news of ESPN officials attending UFC 100 .
UPDATE Commentary by Michael Rome :
Fans have already started speculating as to what this will mean for the fighters under contract to Affliction .
Make no mistake , this is a bad day for fighters that had an alternative promotion willing to overpay them for their services .
One hopes the UFC will back off its draconian ban of any fighter that signed with EA Sports , though it 's understandable that they do n't want to promote anyone appearing in a rival company 's game .
This quote may explain why the earlier Dana White quote was removed .
In classic fashion , it looks like the UFC 's stance changed in a number of hours .
Is there a new deal that came about in the last few hours ?
The collapse of Affliction represents a huge shakeup in the MMA industry , and could bring about a number of dream fights .
However , any notion that a deal with Fedor Emelianenko is imminent has to be tempered by the reality that the UFC negotiated with his team while he was a free agent for over a year , and never got a deal done .
1 .
With copious evidence ranging from Plato ’s haughtiness to Beethoven ’s tirades , we may conclude that the most brilliant people of history tend to be a prickly lot .
But Charles Darwin must have been the most genial of geniuses .
He was kind to a fault , even to the undeserving , and he never uttered a harsh word — or hardly ever , as his countryman Captain Corcoran once said .
Darwin ’s disciple , George Romanes , expressed surprise at the only sharply critical Darwinian statement he had ever encountered : “ In the whole range of Darwin ’s writings there cannot be found a passage so strongly worded as this : it presents the only note of bitterness in all the thousands of pages which he has published . ”
Darwin directed this passage that Romanes found so striking against people who would simplify and caricature his theory as claiming that natural selection , and only natural selection , caused all evolutionary changes .
He wrote in the last ( 1872 ) edition of The Origin of Species :
As my conclusions have lately been much misrepresented , and it has been stated that I attribute the modification of species exclusively to natural selection , I may be permitted to remark that in the first edition of this work , and subsequently , I placed in a most conspicuous position — namely at the close of the Introduction — the following words : “ I am convinced that natural selection has been the main but not the exclusive means of modification . ”
This has been of no avail .
Great is the power of steady misrepresentation .
Darwin clearly loved his distinctive theory of natural selection — the powerful idea that he often identified in letters as his dear “ child . ”
But , like any good parent , he understood limits and imposed discipline .
He knew that the complex and comprehensive phenomena of evolution could not be fully rendered by any single cause , even one so ubiquitous and powerful as his own brainchild .
In this light , especially given history ’s tendency to recycle great issues , I am amused by an irony that has recently ensnared evolutionary theory .
A movement of strict constructionism , a self - styled form of Darwinian fundamentalism , has risen to some prominence in a variety of fields , from the English biological heartland of John Maynard Smith to the uncompromising ideology ( albeit in graceful prose ) of his compatriot Richard Dawkins , to the equally narrow and more ponderous writing of the American philosopher Daniel Dennett ( who entitled his latest book Darwin ’s Dangerous Idea ) .
1
Moreover , a larger group of strict constructionists are now engaged in an almost mordantly self - conscious effort to “ revolutionize ” the study of human behavior along a Darwinian straight and narrow under the name of “ evolutionary psychology . ”
Some of these ideas have filtered into the general press , but the uniting theme of Darwinian fundamentalism has not been adequately stressed or identified .
Professionals , on the other hand , are well aware of the connections .
My colleague Niles Eldredge , for example , speaks of this coordinated movement as Ultra - Darwinism in his recent book , Reinventing Darwin .2
Amid the variety of their subject matter , the ultra-Darwinists share a conviction that natural …
By Paul Rincon
Science reporter , BBC News , Plymouth
The composite image shows the Whirlpool Galaxy , known as M51
Enlarge Image
The European Space Agency ( Esa ) has released a stunning image of the spiral galaxy M51 , otherwise known as the Whirlpool Galaxy .
It is a composite of images taken by Europe 's Herschel space observatory and the Hubble Space Telescope .
The picture combines views of the galaxy captured at visible and far - infrared wavelengths .
It highlights the cool , dusty and gaseous regions of M51 , where the process of star formation is underway .
Professor David Southwood , director of science and robotic exploration at Esa , commented : " It 's a wonderful image .
It gives you some sense of the resolution we 're going to get ( with the Herschel telescope ) .
" The red areas are those we have detected where we know star formation is going on .
We 're seeing the birth of stars already . "
Launched into space on 14 May , Herschel is still in its commissioning phase .
Herschel 's full wavelength range spans 55 to 672 microns .
Observations at longer wavelengths do not produce images with resolutions as high as those obtained at shorter wavelengths , such as the visible light detected by Hubble .
However , Herschel 's mirror is the largest infrared astronomy mirror ever launched into space , so it can take the sharpest pictures to date at the wavelengths it observes .
And astronomers need to view objects at a range of wavelengths to get a full understanding of the processes taking place in those phenomena .
Herschel and Hubble make a powerful combination .
The Whirlpool Galaxy lies relatively nearby , about 35 million light - years away in the constellation Canes Venatici .
Paul.Rincon-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
War , what is it good for ?
A lot , it could turn out .
Lethal warfare drove the evolution of altruistic behaviour among ancient humans , claims a new study based on archaeological records and mathematical simulations .
If correct , the new model solves a long - standing puzzle in human evolution : how did our species transition from creatures interested in little more than passing down their own genes to societies of ( generally ) law - abiding ( mostly ) monogamists ?
No one knows for sure when these changes happened , but climactic swings that occurred between approximately 10,000 to 150,000 years ago in the late Pleistocene period may have pushed once - isolated bands of hunter - gatherers into more frequent contact with one another , says Samuel Bowles , an evolutionary biologist at the Santa Fe Institute in New Mexico and the University of Siena , Italy , who led the study .
“ I think that ’s just a recipe for high - level conflict . ”
Advertisement
Tribes at war
By warfare , Bowles is n’t talking about highly organised contests between nation - states and their armies .
Rather , this period of warfare was probably characterised by ongoing skirmishes between neighbouring populations .
“ We ’re talking about groups of men who got out in twos or threes or fives , ” he says .
“ They did n’t have a chain of command and it ’s hard to see how they could force people to fight . ”
For this reason , altruistic intent on the part of each warrior is key .
Each person would do better to stay home than to put their life on the line for their neighbours – yet they still went out and risked their lives , Bowles says .
To assess whether or not people with a random genetic predisposition to altruism could flourish via armed conflicts , Bowles culled archaeological and ethnographic data on the lethality of ancient warfare and plugged them into an evolutionary model of population change .
Cost of clashes
In ancient graves excavated previously , Bowles found that up to 46 per cent of the skeletons from 15 different locations around the world showed signs of a violent death .
More recently , war inflicted 30 per cent of deaths among the Ache , a hunter - gatherer population from Eastern Paraguay , 17 per cent among the Hiwi , who live in Venezuela and Colombia , while just 4 per cent among the Anbara in northern Australia .
On average , warfare caused 14 per cent of the total deaths in ancient and more recent hunter - gatherers populations .
The cost of losing an armed conflict as a group is high enough to balance out the individual risks of warfare , especially if a population is relatively inbred , Bowles ’ model concludes .
Since evolution acts on genes , it makes more sense to make more sacrifices for a related neighbour than an unrelated one .
Since Bowles had no way of knowing how inbred Pleistocene populations were , he compared contemporary hunter - gatherers such as African pygmies and native Siberians .
Individuals in these populations were closely related enough to justify going to war , he found .
Inbreeding
“ There ’s no doubt that his is a controversial view , ” says Ruth Mace , an evolutionary anthropologist at University College London .
Inbreeding between the victors and any surviving losers would dilute , not concentrate , altruistic genes , she says .
Bowles modelled this possibility in a previous paper and found that even with a measure of inbreeding , altruists still win out .
However , he agrees that it would slow the evolution of altruism through warfare .
“ A much better way to spread the genes is to kill everybody , ” he says .
Mark van Vugt , a psychologist at the University of Kent at Canterbury , UK , notes that warriors could act in their own self - interest , not for the good of the group .
“ Studies on the Amazonian Ya̧nomamö people show that these warriors do get a greater share of resources , they get more women , they sire more offspring , ” he says .
“ How do you explain that there are individual benefits for these warriors ?
There should n’t be . ”
Still , van Vugt thinks
Bowle ’s model is on the right track .
Studies show that people divided into arbitrarily chosen groups – say heads and tails – behave altruistically to members of their group , but are more hostile toward non-members .
“ Together we provide different pieces of the puzzle .
If they fit together , they are starting to make sense , ” van Vugt says .
Journal reference : Science ( DOI : 10.1126/science.1168112 )
Calls are rising for Congress to pass yet another extension this fall , possibly adding 13 more weeks of coverage in states with especially high unemployment .
As of June , the national unemployment rate was 9.5 percent , reaching 15.2 percent in Michigan .
Even if the recession begins to ease , economists say , jobs will remain scarce for some time to come .
“ If more help is not on the way , by September a huge wave of workers will start running out of their critical extended benefits , and many will have nothing left to get by on even as work keeps getting harder to find , ” said Maurice Emsellem , a policy director of the employment law project .
For many desperate job seekers , any extension will seem a blessing .
Pamela C. Lampley of Dillon , S.C. , said she sat outside the post office last month and cried because “ it was the first Wednesday in quite some time that I ’ve gone to the mailbox and left without an unemployment check . ”
The jobless rate in her state is 12.1 percent .
Ms. Lampley , 40 , who is married with three children , lost her job as a human resources officer in January 2008 and had been receiving $ 351 a week , which covered the groceries and gas .
Even so , she and her husband , who still has work as a machinist , were sinking into debt .
Now , still poorer , she feels devastated because they cannot buy their son a laptop to take to college and she cannot give her 9 - year - old son money for the movies .
In Ohio , where unemployment is 11.1 percent , Cathy Nixon , 39 , a mother of four teenagers from Lorain , has been out of work for much of the time since June 2007 , and her benefits  $ 313 a week  run out in September .
Ms. Nixon is already fighting foreclosure and said she feared that when the benefits end , “ we ’ll be homeless . ”
She was unable to afford summer camp and baseball activities for her children , despite scrimping on basics .
By Amber Hensley
For the most part , college dorms are n't much to look at .
But that does n't mean you can't work with what you 're given .
Check out these hacks to find ingenious ideas both amazing and practical that you can do in your very own dorm .
Style
Spruce things up a bit by following these hacks for style .
Comfort
Make things just a little more comfortable with the help of these hacks .
Function
These hacks offer the ultimate in dorm room functionality .
Cleaning
Follow these cleaning hacks to keep your space livable .
Organization
With these hacks , you 'll be able to get your stuff in order .
Savings
Use these hacks to save a little money in your dorm .
Cardboard furniture : Make your desk out of FedEx boxes for savings and functionality .
Homeslyce :
With the help of Homeslyce , you 'll be able to split the list of things you need for your dorm with your new roommate .
How to hack a dorm washing machine :
Use this hack to get more washing for your money .
Security
Lock things down in your dorm with these hacks .
Food
With these hacks , dorm room cooking can be a little more interesting .
Fun
Use these hacks for dorm room parties and fun in general .
NEW YORK , July 6 ( Reuters ) - A former Goldman Sachs GS.N computer programmer accused of stealing secret trading codes from the investment bank was being held in federal custody on Monday , pending the posting of $ 750,000 bail .
Sergey Aleynikov , 39 , was ordered by U.S. Magistrate Kevin Nathaniel
Fox in Manhattan on Saturday to post a $ 750,000 personal recognizance bond to be secured by three financially responsible people .
The bond also was to include $ 75,000 in cash , and Aleynikov was ordered to surrender his passport .
Aleynikov , a Russian immigrant living in New Jersey , was arrested on Friday night by FBI agents at Newark Liberty International Airport after returning from Chicago , according to court documents .
[ ID :nN05180222 ]
He is accused of “ theft of trade secrets ” related to computer codes used for automated stock and commodities trading at an unspecified financial institution .
Sources familiar with the situation have told Reuters columnist Matthew Goldstein that the financial institution is Goldman Sachs .
A Goldman representative declined to comment on Monday .
A lawyer for Aleynikov , Sabrina Shroff , also declined to comment .
Authorities contend that Aleynikov improperly copied a financial institution ’s proprietary computer code and then uploaded it to a computer server in Germany .
In court papers , an FBI agent said Aleynikov worked at an unspecified financial institution as a programmer from May 2007 until June 5 , when he left to work for a new company focused on high - volume automated trading .
The case could shed light on the intricate trading systems developed by Goldman , and also raises questions about the security of Wall Street ’s proprietary trading operations .
Aleynikov ’s wife , Elina , told Reuters on Sunday that her husband is innocent .
Speaking in a phone interview from the couple ’s New Jersey home , she said her husband worked hard for Goldman and has been a good citizen who has lived in the United States for 19 years .
Aleynikov was being held at the Metropolitan Detention Center in Brooklyn as of Monday morning , according to the federal Bureau of Prisons website and an officer at the jail .
( Reporting by Martha Graybow ; Editing by Tim Dobbyn )
Because of the methods we use to identify extrasolar planets that orbit distant stars , our collection of known planets is biased towards what have been termed hot Jupiters , heavy planets orbiting close to their host stars .
Yesterday , scientists announced the newest member of this class of planets , WASP - 18 b , and it 's a monster : 10 times the mass of Jupiter , with an orbital period of less than a day .
It 's actually so close , that it will likely run into its host star within a fairly short period of time ( at least in astronomical terms ) .
There 's a small problem here , however .
The star it 's orbiting is roughly a billion years old , and the orbital decay should take WASP - 18 b into its surface in a fraction of a percent of that time .
This means that we either got very lucky and caught the planet right in its death spiral , or the models we use to calculate its orbital decay are badly off .
First , some details about the system .
It was discovered by the Wide Angle Search for Planets program , based in the Canary Islands .
The host star , WASP - 18 , is only a fraction heavier than our Sun , but it appears to be substantially younger , somewhere between 500 million and 1.5 billion years old .
That alone makes it a bit exceptional , as it's one of the youngest planet - hosting stars we 've discovered .
The planet , WASP - 18 b , is big , heavy , and orbiting closely enough that it should be subjected to some significant tidal forces thanks to the gravity of the nearby star .
The frictional resistance to these tidal forces should dissipate energy , slowing the planet and causing it to fall closer to the surface of the star .
Based on estimates of the system 's tidal dissipation factor , Q , we can estimate how long the planet has before it merges with its host .
Based on the solar system and binary stars , we 've estimated that Q should be somewhere between 105 and 106 .
But , if you plug the higher value into the equations that give an estimate of how long the planet should survive , you get 650,000 years , a small fraction of the total life of the star .
So , we 've either gotten very lucky to catch things at this point in time , or we are way off when it comes to the value of Q .
There are a few reasons to opt for the lucky choice .
These large planets do n't actually form where we spot them — the host star ensures there 's not enough material there to produce something of this size — but rather are pushed there from further out by interactions with other planets .
So , given that we 've found over 300 planetary systems , and our discoveries are biased towards hot Jupiters , maybe we were due to find one about to crash into the star .
Of course , that assumes that the 300 - plus systems we 've seen all have multiple large planets arranged such that one or more of them is launched into the inner reaches of the systems , which is hardly a safe bet .
But the best alternative option , a value of Q that brings the orbital decay in line with the lifespan of its host star , would mean our measurements are off by three orders of magnitude .
In any case , the authors figure that the planet is now close enough that , were our values for Q reasonably accurate , we 'll be able to see an orbital decay within a decade .
If it does eventually crash into the star , they paint a compelling picture of its death .
Parts of its atmosphere would be evaporated off , and another portion of its mass would be stripped off and drawn into the host star via the Lagrange point .
The remains of the planet would spin up so that it rotated in under a day .
Because the planet probably carries some heavier elements , it 's possible that they 'll wind up smeared over the surface of the host star during this process .
The authors point out that an earlier paper had identified a star , HD82943 , that is host to a planet and seems to have an excess of a heavy isotope of lithium in its atmosphere , suggesting it obtained it by swallowing a planet .
Nature , 2009 .
DOI : 10.1038/nature08245
Listing image by The WASP cameras .
So , it looks like Pidgin developers have a little trouble believing that I’ve
contributed substantially to the msn prpl , so I decided to prove it once and
for all .
I took the latest code from the pidgin - clone repo and ran git bisect git blame , which
returns the latest commit that touched each and every line of code .
Then I read
every commit message to identify the real author ( Pidgin ’s mtn has inacurate
information ) until I completed 90 % of the code ( the missing 10 % would take too
much effort ) .
Unfortunately a good portion of the code ( 8 % ) is mere cleanups so
I decided to remove it from the calculation .
The end result is this :
Even after several years of not touching the code , and major updates like
msnp9->msnp14 , 42 % of the current code came directly from me .
But also interesting is
the fact that 20 % came from people that are not current Pidgin
developers : typ0 , chipx86 and mayuan .
So , less than 38 % of the code was
developed by current Pidgin developers .
Now I wish Pidgin developers would acknowledge that I ’m the one that knows the code - base better , for obvious reasons ( I wrote most of it ) .
The Linux platform is beginning to gain mainstream acceptance on low - cost netbook devices .
The growing popularity of netbooks presents a major opportunity for the open source operating system , but it also comes with some challenges .
One of the most significant problems is that much of the open source software that is available today for the desktop is not designed to deliver an optimal user experience on small screens .
Linux distributors and application developers are exploring alternate user interface concepts that will work well at low resolutions without compromising productivity .
There is also a clear need to boost usability as netbook devices are broadly intended for the regular consumer market .
The KDE desktop environment has recently gained a new specialized netbook interface that leverages the strengths of KDE 's unique Plasma technology .
Ars tested it on Kubuntu to see how it compares to the conventional KDE desktop experience .
About Plasma
Plasma is a versatile framework that provides the underlying infrastructure of the KDE desktop shell .
It hosts several core parts of the user interface , including the panels , desktop icons , and launchers .
Plasma 's rich architecture encourages a clean separation between functionality and presentation .
The presentation layer is resolution independent , which gives it an advantage on devices with unusual screen sizes .
The individual desktop widgets that make up a Plasma - based environment are called plasmoids .
They communicate with Plasma 's data engine backend to retrieve information which is then displayed to the user .
Plasmoids are placed in " containment " objects which control how plasmoids are organized on the screen .
Users can have multiple Plasma " activities , " which each have their own sets of containments and plasmoids .
Plasma 's modular approach is advantageous because it makes it much easier for developers to build a custom desktop experience without having to completely reinvent the wheel .
The KDE netbook interface consists of custom Plasma containments and a special theme for KDE 's KWin window manager .
A slim panel at the very top of the screen provides access to the Plasma activity switcher and displays notification area icons .
The environment has two activities : the Newspaper activity , which shows informational plasmoids , and the Applications activity , which serves as a launcher .
Newspaper containment
Unlike the desktop version of KDE , the netbook interface does n't allow plasmoids to be arbitrarily rotated and placed in the desktop space .
The Newspaper activity has a special containment that organizes plasmoids into columns and has scrollbars to permit overflow .
As the name implies , it is modeled after a newspaper layout .
When the newspaper containment is in editable mode , which can be toggled by clicking the Plasma icon in the bottom - left corner of the desktop , users can click an drag plasmoids to rearrange their order in the layout .
The newspaper containment is designed to work with the growing assortment of plasmoids that are used today on regular KDE desktops .
For example , there is a calendar , a weather widget , a Twitter interface , a todo list that synchronizes with Remember the Milk , an RSS tool , and a messaging notification display that will show you incoming e-mail and instant messages .
I tested many of these in netbook interface 's column layout .
The newspaper containment feels a lot like Internet dashboards , such as iGoogle or Netvibes .
It makes a wide range of information immediately accessible in a manner that is well - organized and easy to navigate .
The current implementation still has some bugs , however , and needs additional refinement before it will be ready for widespread use .
Widgets that do n't fit neatly into columns can be somewhat problematic .
Some widgets are stretched too wide or do n't use enough vertical space .
Application launcher
The KDE netbook developers believe that conventional application launcher interfaces , like the one in the Ubuntu Netbook Remix , misuse the desktop and do n't provide enough functionality .
To improve on the concept and do more than just display a static list of icons , the KDE netbook developers are repurposing krunner , KDE 's interactive query - based launcher .
The Applications activity has a " search and launch " containment that behaves a lot like krunner , but is spread out across the whole desktop .
When the user types a query into the search box , the contents of the containment will be populated with launchers that match the query .
There are many features that the developers plan to add as they flesh out the search containment , such as a strip that will save the user 's favorite launchers .
We really like the idea of using a search - based application launcher directly in the user interface .
We ''ve explored the benefits of that approach in previous articles , particularly in our latest review of GNOME - Do .
The manner in which this functionality is integrated into the KDE netbook interface is intriguing and has some noteworthy advantages .
It boosts the discoverability of the query system by making it more accessible to regular users rather than hiding it behind a keyboard shortcut .
Window management concepts
The netbook environment uses some of the sophisticated window management features that are facilitated by KWin 's compositing capabilities .
Instead of displaying a task list , for example , the top panel has a button that users can click to invoke KWin 's " Show Windows " feature , a clone of Apple 's Expos ?.
The environment also uses a custom KWin theme that saves screen space by eliminating window titlebars and automatically maximizing all windows .
A button with an " X " icon in the top panel can be used to close the active window .
Artur Souza and Marco Martin , the developers behind the project , introduced it to the KDE community in a presentation at the recent Gran Canaria Desktop Summit .
In a blog entry , Souza says that the custom interface was well - received by the KDE community and has already attracted some attention from hardware vendors and Linux distributors .
" We want to create a new user experience on these devices .
KDE is not about a specific project anymore , it 's all about the user experience : starting on the desktop shell and going far away on social interaction , media , etc , " wrote Souza .
" I really hope that the community and also vendors can see the potential that we have in our hands and start helping us on this journey and to believe that it 's possible . "
Marco , who also wrote a blog entry about the desktop summit presentation , has published a video that demonstrates the netbook user interface in action .
You can see the special containments and other features that are part of the environment .
Conclusion
The KDE netbook project is still in the early prototype stage and will not be ready for the upcoming KDE 4.3 release .
Lead Plasma developer Aaron Seigo has listed it in the roadmap for KDE 4.4 , which means it could be ready for users in January .
The prototype is an intriguing real - world demonstration of Plasma 's versatility and the strength of KDE 's architecture .
It 's also a good example of how creativity and innovation can move Linux beyond traditional desktop paradigms and make it shine in small spaces .
For more details , check out Souza 's paper about the project and presentation slides .
The Mardan Palace Hotel one of the most luxurious hotels in the Mediterranean region , was opened in the popular Turkish resort town of Antalya costing nearly 1.5 billion USD .
The most expensive hotels in Europe Mardan Palace includes a total 560 rooms , cost from $ 475 up to $ 19,000 per night .
The most expensive rooms have a pool , a concert grand piano , huge TV and a toilet with a remote control .
The hotel sports a five acre pool that guests can take a gondola ride across , which takes a full 30 minutes .
The bathrooms have gold - plated mirrors on the floor and the spa boasts a room full of real snow that guests can roll around in immediately after exiting the sauna .
The absurd undertaking is the brainchild of Russian billionaire Telman Ismailov , who ploughed at least one of his billions into this monument to ostentation .
Champagne costs 25 pounds a glass , toilets are remote - controlled , guests select linen and pillow firmness from a ‘ pillow menu ’ alongside each bed and the private beach has been created from 9,000 tons of the silkiest white sand imported from Egypt .
According the government , the Ford Escape was the seventh most popular vehicle bought under Cash for Clunkers .
But that was just the two - wheel - drive gasoline - powered Escape .
There are five other versions that were counted separately .
Edmunds.com : Top Clunker Buys
The most purchased vehicles under Cash for Clunkers if 2WD and 4WD versions are included .
Rank Vehicle Includes Includes 4WD Includes Hybrid 1 Ford Escape Yes Yes 2 Ford Focus No No 3 Jeep Patriot Yes No 4 Dodge Caliber Yes No 5 Ford F - 150 Yes No 6 Honda Civic No Yes 7 Chevrolet Silverado Yes Yes 8 Chevrolet Cobalt No No 9 Toyota Corolla No No 10 Ford Fusion Yes Yes Find your next Car New
Used Select a Make Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Bugatti Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari Ford GMC Honda HUMMER Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes - Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Morgan Nissan Pontiac Porsche Rolls - Royce Saab Saturn Scion smart Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Select a Make Acura Aston Martin Audi BMW Bentley Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Eagle Ferrari Ford GMC Geo Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus MG Maserati Mazda Mercedes - Benz Mercury Mini Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Rolls - Royce Saab Saturn Scion Smart Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
What are people trading their clunkers in for ?
It depends on who you ask .
The government 's results showed small cars as the top choice for shoppers looking for Cash for Clunker deals .
But an independent analysis by Edmunds.com disputed those results , and showed that two full - size trucks and a small crossover SUV were actually among the top - ten buys .
The discrepancy is a result of the methods used .
Edmunds.com uses traditional sales measurements , tallying sales by make and model .
The government uses a more arcane measurement method that subdivides models according to engine and transmission types , counting them as separate models .
For example , the Ford Escape is available in six different versions including two - and four - wheel drive and hybrid versions .
The government counts each version as a different vehicle using guidelines from the Environmental Protection Agency .
Only the front wheel drive , non -hybrid version made the government 's top ten list .
The Ford Escape crossover SUV , instead of being the seventh - most popular vehicle under the program , as the government ranked it , was actually the best seller , according to Edmunds.com .
The government pegged the Ford Focus as the top seller .
Trucks tend to be available in more variations than cars .
That 's because truck buyers have a wider variety of needs than car buyers , General Motors spokesman Brian Goebel said .
" There 's just so many different uses for the truck , both retail and commercial , than with car purchasers , " he said .
Sales of truck models would tend to be heavily diluted using the government 's method because practically each version counts as a different vehicle .
The difference in tallying methods would not affect the overall totals of trucks , as opposed to cars purchased under the program , only the sales rankings of individual models .
Sales of GM's Silverado truck , under the government 's counting method , were divided among five different versions .
So were the Ford F - 150s .
If the different versions of these trucks were considered the same vehicle , as auto sales are normally reported , sales of these trucks would look much heftier .
In the Cash for Clunkers program , trucks are actually subject to lower fuel economy requirements than cars , so it surprised many analysts that trucks were n't more popular .
Edmunds.com 's " Top Ten Clunker Buys " list is based on transaction data collected directly from dealers .
NHTSA , the agency responsible for running Cash for Clunkers , was not immediately able to respond to a request for official Clunker sales tallies of several vehicles , including all their variations .
When presented with Edmund 's analysis , the agency did n't dispute that the way in which it counted the vehicles would tend to reduce the totals of vehicles with many variations .
Muni plans to raise fares 50 cents in July TRANSPORTATION 50 - cent boost is largest in nearly a century
Commuters leave and board a MUNI train at the Van Ness Street station in San Francisco , Calif. , on Friday , February 20 , 2009 .
Attempts to get more people out of their cars have fallen short , despite strong arguments from advocates who say alternatives to driving are good for the environment .
less Commuters leave and board a MUNI train at the Van Ness Street station in San Francisco , Calif. , on Friday , February 20 , 2009 .
Attempts to get more people out of their cars have fallen short , despite strong ... more Photo : Hardy Wilson , The Chronicle Photo : Hardy Wilson , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Muni plans to raise fares 50 cents in July 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
The San Francisco Municipal Railway on Thursday became the latest Bay Area transit agency to use fare increases and service cuts to plug a ballooning budget deficit .
However , these measures could counteract successful efforts over the past year to lure more people out of their cars .
Barring unprecedented intervention by the Board of Supervisors , the basic adult bus and streetcar fare will jump to $ 2 July 1 , a 50 - cent increase and the largest one - time raise in nearly a century .
Discounted cash fares for seniors , the disabled and youths also will go up , as will the cost of monthly transit passes .
The board also approved sweeping service cuts that will affect about half the system 's 80 lines by reducing service hours and truncating some lines .
Eight bus routes were discontinued : The 4 - Sutter , 7 - Haight , 16 - Noriega morning express , 20 - Columbus , 26 - Valencia , 53 - Southern Heights , 74X - Culture bus and the 89 - Laguna Honda .
Dozens of other lines will have their routes modified or hours cut back .
Some of the service changes that generated the most public opposition in the end were rejected .
One of those ideas , auctioning taxi permits or medallions , was put off until a more specific plan could be crafted and debated in public .
The changes allowed the agency 's governing board to close a $ 129 million shortfall and adopt a $ 784 million operating budget for the new fiscal year , which starts July 1 .
Muni chief Nathaniel Ford called the fiscal situation the most " dire in more than a generation , and it is forcing policymakers ... to grapple with extremely difficult decisions that will , most assured , affect many , many people . "
It 's a scenario being played out nationwide as transit agencies have been hit hard by the gasping economy .
Dozens of operators have enacted or are considering service reductions , higher fares , job cuts or a combination of those measures to balance their budgets .
Raises by other agencies
In the Bay Area , Caltrain raised fares Jan. 1 . AC Transit and Golden Gate ferry fares increase July 1 . BART and the Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority are still debating higher fares , but the question is n't so much if the fares should go up but rather by how much .
Dave Schneider , a 63 - year - old cabbie who rides Muni to get around town when he is n't working , is angry .
" If we can bail out AIG , why ca n't we bail out all the public transit agencies in America , considering that many lower - income and middle - class people have no other transportation choice , " said Schneider .
Last month , he could n't afford to buy a monthly Fast Pass .
When the price goes up , " it 's going to be even harder , " he said .
Less than a year ago , transit operators were boasting of carrying the highest number of riders in more than 50 years , spurred in large part by rising gasoline prices that drove more people out of their cars and onto mass transportation .
While passengers experienced more - crowded buses , streetcars and ferries , or were passed up at stops altogether if there was no room to board , the surge swelled fare - box revenue and prompted transit officials to start looking at expanding service .
It also gave hope to environmentalists that with the right incentive - in this case saving money at the gas pump - polluting emissions from cars could be reduced .
But the economic collapse quickly changed that optimistic outlook .
In California , the governor and lawmakers eliminated all funding for local transit operations to help solve the state 's budget crisis .
" The conundrum with transit is the more service you have , the more ridership you attract .
The double bind that transit agencies are facing now - having to cut service and raise fares - is the worst thing you can do to generate demand for your product , " said David Goldberg , communications director for Transportation for America , a national transit advocacy group .
Long recovery time
A recent infusion of federal stimulus funding is expected to keep transit operations afloat - for now - but the fear is that if the cuts are too deep , it will take time for transit systems to rebound from reduced staffing and deferred maintenance .
San Francisco's
Muni still is digging out of the financial morass from the mid-1990s in which service suffered and voters revolted by demanding more funding and imposing performance standards .
Muni has yet to achieve the mandated 85 percent on - time performance mark .
Over at AC Transit headquarters in Oakland on Wednesday , the directors held a retreat to ruminate on the future of their bus system , which is bracing not just for the fare increase but for service cuts in December .
If those efforts do n't resolve the system 's deficit , the prospect of reducing or eliminating weekend service has been broached .
" It 's possible that our ridership will abandon us and we 'll get into a downward spiral .
I think we 're at a critical point , " said AC Transit Director Greg Harper .
" I believe it 's possible we could cut to such a point we could kill ourselves , kill AC Transit , " Harper added .
A computer company in Copenhagen has been giving people with autism more support to use their talents in the workplace - and it wants to do the same here in the UK .
Jane Dreaper reports .
With lawmakers home for their August recess , a fierce battle has broken out over what precisely is in the mammoth healthcare bills being pushed by congressional Democrats .
There has been no shortage of misinformation , much of it advanced by critics of President Obama ’s overhaul effort who have made sometimes outlandish claims .
Here is a look at a few of the most contentious points .
--
Does the legislation include provisions to encourage senior citizens to commit suicide ?
No .
This has become one of the most misleading , inflammatory claims made in the healthcare debate , advanced repeatedly by conservative commentators such as Rush Limbaugh and Sean Hannity and Republican lawmakers working to stoke fears among seniors .
Advertisement
Rep. Virginia Foxx ( R - N.C. ) recently suggested that the Democratic healthcare bill would “ put seniors in a position of being put to death by their government . ”
There is no such provision .
The House bill would give seniors on Medicare the choice to sit down with a doctor for an “ advance care planning consultation ” every five years to discuss options should they become seriously ill or unable to make medical decisions .
Topics could include the development of a living will and directives for care .
“ These are important discussions everyone should have so they are fully informed and can make their wishes known , ” Dr. J. James Rohack , president of the American Medical Assn. , said in a statement .
“ That ’s not controversial .
It ’s plain old - fashioned patient - centered care . ”
The provision is endorsed by the AARP .
Advertisement
--
Would the government start paying for abortions ?
That ’s unclear .
Neither House nor Senate versions of the healthcare legislation contains any requirement that federal funding be made available for abortions .
Claims that tax dollars will be used for abortions , as a television ad from the Family Research Council contends , are premature and somewhat misleading .
But the legislation is short on many details .
Depending on how regulations are written , some women who got federally subsidized insurance might be able to buy plans that cover abortions .
Advertisement
Under the most popular Democratic proposals , millions of Americans would buy their insurance in a new , highly regulated marketplace in which private insurers and the government would offer a choice of health plans .
Many of those people would qualify for federal aid to defray the cost of at least part of their premiums .
It appears unlikely that the government would require the plans in this marketplace to cover abortions .
In fact , one version of the legislation explicitly prohibits such a requirement .
But some private insurers in the exchange might cover abortion services .
If a woman who received public subsidies for her coverage selected one of those plans , it could be argued that the government was helping to fund abortions .
--
Would illegal immigrants get free healthcare benefits ?
Advertisement
Provisions in the House and Senate bills explicitly prohibit people who are “ not lawfully present in the United States ” from getting federal aid to help them buy health insurance in the new exchanges .
Congressional Democrats have resisted Republican efforts to put tougher documentation requirements on those applying for aid , arguing that that could discourage many poor people from signing up for health insurance .
No matter what happens with the legislation , illegal immigrants would almost certainly still be able to get care in emergency rooms , a major burden in some parts of the country .
--
Advertisement
Would the government ration care ?
This is almost impossible to say , although if the legislation passes there may be less “ rationing ” than there is now .
Under the nation ’s current system , private insurers and the federal government put a variety of limits on what kinds of medical procedures , imaging and drugs they will pay for .
Millions of people with preexisting conditions face even more limits , because private insurers refuse to sell them policies .
A cornerstone of the Democratic healthcare overhaul is a larger role for the government in introducing more standards to regulate coverage and expand information about the most effective treatments .
Both House and Senate bills would prohibit insurers from denying coverage to anyone with a preexisting condition , thus eliminating one form of rationing in the current system .
Advertisement
The legislation also would give the federal government the authority to set minimum benefits levels that insurers would have to offer in order to sell policies in new exchanges .
That could mean more coverage for millions of individuals and many small businesses that currently are shut out of the healthcare system .
Most controversial , the bills would fund more research into the comparative effectiveness of various drugs and medical procedures .
The legislation does not dictate that the research be used to limit coverage of any procedures .
And many doctors and other healthcare experts see this kind of research as crucial to improving the quality of care .
Nonetheless , some critics say the provisions someday could allow the government to use this research to limit what Medicare or other government insurance programs would cover .
--
Advertisement
noam.levey@latimes.com
Reuters
TO THE survivors , the spoils .
That is the cry going up at Goldman Sachs after it chalked up recession - defying — nay , record - breaking — quarterly profits on Tuesday July 14th .
Minting more than $ 3 billion in as many months , so soon after its own near - death experience in the wake of Lehman Brothers ' demise , will enhance Goldman 's reputation as Wall Street 's overachiever .
But it will also strike some as faintly obscene given the scale of public support needed to keep the firm and its peers from buckling last year .
The first half of 2009 was fertile for investment bankers as markets rebounded and companies ( not least banks themselves ) rushed to raise debt and equity .
But none of the banks still due to report , not even a resurgent JP Morgan Chase , is expected to come close to Goldman 's blow - out performance .
Having incurred smaller losses than rivals , it is still prepared to deploy risk capital where others fear to tread .
Goldman claims that most of its profit came not from “ proprietary ” trading , or punting its own money , but by acting as a middleman , making markets for clients in everything from bonds and shares to currencies and commodities .
Such “ agency ” business , barely profitable in the boom years , has become a potential goldmine as competition has dwindled and bid-ask spreads ( the slice dealers pocket on trades ) have ballooned .
A bank with the capital and daring to deal mortgage - backed securities issued by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac can earn 10 - 15 times more than before the crisis .
Goldman , a dyed - in - the - wool trading firm , is grabbing such opportunities with glee , taking business from once ubiquitous but now reeling rivals , such as Citigroup and UBS .
It also helps that its arch-rival , Morgan Stanley , has pulled in its horns .
By contrast , Goldman 's value - at - risk — the amount it could lose on a bad day and thus a widely used ( if imperfect ) measure of risk appetite — hit a new high last quarter , jumping most in equities , even as stockmarket volatility fell .
With spreads so high , the firm no longer needs to use as much borrowed money to get results .
Its leverage ratio has fallen to 14 , half its pre-crisis level — though still much higher than that of a typical commercial bank .
This windfall will eventually dwindle .
Goldman and other survivors will benefit from the coming wave of debt issuance by federal , state and local governments .
But dealer spreads are sure to shrink as markets normalise and those that have retreated return to the fray .
This is likely to be offset only partially by a pick - up in businesses tied more closely to economic growth , such as advising on mergers and acquisitions .
Wall Street will also face tighter shackles .
Regulators are on the warpath against commodities speculators .
A clampdown is also coming in credit derivatives ; this week America 's Justice Department joined those probing that market .
America 's largest financial firms face higher capital requirements .
These changes may not bring Goldman back to earth but they will clip its wings .
In the shorter term , the bank needs to worry about a possible backlash against its incongruously generous pay policies .
For the year to date it set aside $ 11.4 billion for compensation and benefits , more even than in the halcyon first half of 2007 .
Its ratio of pay to revenues continues to hover near the dizzying 50 % level that was the norm on Wall Street before the meltdown .
For a firm that probably would have collapsed without government capital , debt guarantees and fast - track approval to turn itself into a commercial bank ( not to mention a multi- billion - dollar payout as a counterparty of American International Group ) , such largesse is cheeky at best , distasteful at worst .
It has already drawn rebukes on Capitol Hill , even though Goldman has repaid the government 's $ 10 billion preferred - equity investment .
The firm 's continued generosity towards its employees may , in any case , be premature .
Markets remain fragile , and even Goldman would struggle without the array of government loan facilities and other backstops in place .
These are insufficient to keep some firms afloat .
Officials are now working on a rescue package for CIT , a liquidity - crunched lender to small and middling companies .
That they are shoring up a firm too small to pose a systemic risk betrays a continuing lack of confidence in the financial system 's ability to absorb even modest shocks .
They appear to have concluded that it is better to court moral hazard than to risk setting off another round of instability .
Indeed , while a few on Wall Street are reaching for the champagne , most Main Street lenders are inclined to drown their sorrows .
Credit - card losses are at a record high .
Mortgage delinquencies are yet to stabilise , with supposedly high - quality “ prime ” loans now also souring fast and loan - modification schemes having little impact .
Losses are also accelerating in commercial property , on which banks of all sizes loaded up in the fat years .
This was the biggest stain on Goldman 's ledger , accounting for more than $ 700 m of mark - to - market losses .
Unnervingly for other banks , many of which carry their commercial - property loans at close to par value , Goldman marks its portfolio at half that .
A Federal Reserve financing programme was recently extended to commercial mortgages but many are or will become ineligible under its present rules because of ratings downgrades .
Meanwhile , a public - private scheme to take troubled loans off banks has stalled , partly because of accounting - rule changes that give the banks more leeway in valuing them , reducing pressure to sell — though a $ 40 billion sister programme for toxic securities finally got going last week .
Small wonder , then , that David Viniar , Goldman 's chief financial officer , admitted to analysts that “ we are way far away from being out of the woods ” .
The firm may be scooping up market share at quite a clip .
But the bigger picture is still far from pretty .
On one hand we have MP3 devices by the score , boasting of infinite giga amount of memory and on the other hand we have The Single .
A brave little soul that plays only ONE ( uno ) song !
This feature may send you gadget - crazy generation into a tizzy , but I quite respect the designer ’s decision to stick to one song format .
Even the functioning is pretty simple , one giant play button that starts and pauses the song .
Load the music via the USB and hang it up on the wall .
The Single features built - in speakers and a magnet plate at the back so that you can stick it to the refrigerator or cupboard .
It ’s kinda water - resistant , so you can even take it with you to the bath .
Just be sure not to get the USB side wet .
Designer : mintselect @ mintpass
This was the kind of political pressure applied to lawyers who were supposed to be interpreting the law , regardless of policy positions by their superiors , free of political pressure or duress .
And this was long , long after the initial period of terror after 9/11 and in Bush 's second term .
Moreover , the lawyers ' belief that combining all these torture techniques was extremely dangerous was completely ignored .
Here 's Comey desperately trying to get them to realize the Rubicon they were crossing :
Notice how Rice was demonstrating the moral courage she recently showed in front of some amateur ( i.e. not supine MSM ) questioners on the question .
She wanted to give the president anything he wanted while remaining in total denial - and deniability - on the torture question .
In some ways , her position is more contemptible than Cheney's .
At least he knew what he wanted to do , and is now proud of his record of torture and abuse of prisoners .
Rice simply facilitated everything , while closing her eyes to reality , and abandoning any moral responsibilty .
Glenn homes in on the critical revelation :
Comey described exactly what was happening with this process : that the White House was demanding and pressuring the issuance of these memos , but that once the torture regime became public -- as Comey warned that it would -- White House officials would defend themselves by heaping the blame on Gonzales and other DOJ lawyers , deceitfully pretending that they were merely following in good faith DOJ advice about what was and was not legal .
This is their shell - game now .
And it 's working !
The lawyers were at the heart of the golden legal shield , and were willing to go through any legal hoops and shenanigans to call what is illegal " legal " because their political masters demanded it .
( Notice that Comey even uses quotation marks around " legal " in a memo to Gonzales ) .
He knows what 's going on , and while too cowed to actually call unlawful acts unlawful , he nonetheless tries to stop them - because he knew that if people actually knew what Cheney authorized , behind the euphemisms and legal shenanigans , then the Bush administration would go down in history as torturers and pariahs .
As they should .
So they destroyed the evidence - the CIA tapes , the last interrogation tape of Padilla , the records at Camp Nama ( overseen by McChrystal ) , and suppressed as many photographs from Abu Ghraib and elsewhere that they could .
Without the Abu Ghraib photographs , they would have gotten away with all of it .
Actually , of course , they have gotten away with all of it , subjecting the reservists at the very bottom of the heap to take the fall , as they continue to spin and lie and dissemble and reinvent the past .
All with the help , of course , of the New York Times .
But Comey was right .
This will all come out .
And we must not flinch or falter in exposing every single aspect of it .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
I ’ve come to the conclusion that our world governments are not very good at managing our planet .
Puppets masquerading as leaders are making decisions that negatively affect the entire global population .
Our so - called leaders have led us in the wrong direction and we allowed them do it .
This is not how things should be .
Symptoms that point to serious concerns about our world .
Why does 43 % of our world ’s population live without basic sanitation ?
Why is $ 1.12 trillion spent every year on figuring out how to kill each other better , and only $ 100 billion spent on picking up the pieces ?
Why is it that half the world ’s population struggles to live on less than $ 2 a day ?
Why are diseases such as autism , mental illness , asthma , obesity and heart disease rapidly increasing , yet we still promote the ‘ Western Way ’ ?
Why are 40 % of the Western population on prescription medication ?
Why is free energy available but because of ‘ red tape ’ bureaucracy we are still forced to use brown coal and oil that is choking our planet ?
Why does 2 % of the world ’s population own more than half of the world ’s wealth ?
Why do 4000 people die every hour because they cannot afford to eat ?
When do we say enough ?
We are witnessing a brand of progress that is borne of self - serving greed and it is slowly destroying everything .
Apathy will seal our future .
It is not normal to live in a world where pain and suffering is rife .
It is not right that the people in power generally do not care about our future as a race .
I would expect cold blooded , unempathetic regressives to manage our planet like this – as an end for their own means – not warm blooded empathetic human beings who certainly had the power to change our circumstance before now .
The time has come to MAKE change , not wait for change .
The aim of this blog is to find one million people to unite together to make change .
One million people demanding change is the precursor to actual change .
If you want to be a part of our million strong army , firstly become a member – it ’s free .
If you would like donate , please do .
All donations received will be public funds and the running totals will be clearly displayed on this website .
What exactly will this money be used for ?
To state our dissatisfaction on giant billboards across the developed world .
To demand that our voice be heard because we can fix this world .
One million voices can change legislation , they can vote people in and they can elect people out .
One million people do n’t get ignored when they ask questions and they do n’t get overlooked when they propose viable solutions .
One million signatures on a petition may be ignored but politicians ca n’t go to work if one million people are blocking the entrance to their office .
Click here for some examples of what we can change if we direct our energies towards it .
Human beings hold immense power that even we are not yet fully aware of .
We have not reached even a fraction of our full potential .
If we unite and speak up we can transform this world into anything we want it to be .
How do I join ?
Leave your name in any comment section – your email address will only be visible to me .
I ’ll be updating our member numbers on this website as they increase and the same for any donations received for our billboards .
When the time is right , we will collectively call for changes based on wisdom – not greed – and we go wherever we need to go in our respective countries to get them implemented .
Where ’s the power you might ask ?
It ’s contained in the one million voices demanding change .
This is our planet .
It is time for the people to make changes based on what ’s good for ALL OF US – not based on what is good for ‘ them ’ under the pretence that it is benefiting us .
This is trickery used on us every single day – the proof is in their results .
Look around .
Are you happy with the world that we live in ?
One million people with a strong , united and focussed goal can sufficiently generate the power required for great change .
Whatever you do today , do n’t choose to do nothing at all .
Click here for our home page .
Meer dan het laatste nieuws voor professionals in Food & Agri
. html
This trailer for Insanely Twisted Shadow Planet is the best thing you 'll see all day , a gorgeous introduction to what may become one of your most anticipated releases , whenever and on whatever platform to this game is coming .
If you 're unfamiliar with the game , currently listed only for a PC release at this point , this post at the official Insanely Twisted Shadow Planet blog will get you up to speed quickly .
Creators Michel Gagne and Joe Olson envision the game as " a side - scroller that would combine old school arcade style game play with feature film quality design and animation , " seemingly with a little black metal influence .
Advertisement
Gagne writes that the clip is comprised of nothing but in - game footage .
The team is also apparently on the hunt for " potential financial partners , " meaning some brilliant publisher or benevolent soul should make with the checkbook , posthaste !
Insanely Twisted Shadow Planet HD [ GameTrailers via Offworld ]
Since I 'm the only one who laughs at my jokes , I naturally thought I was the only one who read my blog too .
So imagine my surprise when I received the following email message this morning :
" Hi Brad , I just wanted to send you a quick note to let you know that I 'm a huge fan of you , and your articles and commentary about Cisco Systems . :-)
You say it like how it is ---- offering the unimpeded , unobstructed , straight - forward brutal truth in the most candid fashion .
Do n't let the naysayers get to you .
I would guess that most them who disparage and impugn on you are most likely people from CSCO 's PR machine .
CSCO's HR guys are widely known to pepper sites like www.glassdoor.com with ' positive reviews ' of a fabricated nature , dismissing opinions critical of CSCO as missives coming from disgruntled employees .
Do n't be swayed otherwise .
You do your thing , my friend . "
Out of curiosity , I checked out www.glassdoor.com to see what it was about and according to its website :
" Glassdoor.com is a career and workplace community where anyone can find and anonymously share salary details about specific jobs for specific employers or company and interview reviews describing life on the inside of an employer — all for free . "
But frankly I 've got to say , I 'm truly shocked by the following employee reviews of Cisco that appear on Glassdoor.com :
Is it me , or are you just as shocked as I am to read these Cisco employee reviews on Glassdoor.com ?
BradReese .Com Cisco Refurbished - Services that protect , maintain and optimize Cisco hardware Contact : Brad Reese | Twitter : http://twitter.com/BradReese
Did you ever wonder , when you were a kid , whether your inane " summer camp " actually had some kind of elaborate hidden purpose — say , it was all a science experiment and the " camp counselors " were really researchers observing your behavior ?
Me neither .
But we'd have been more paranoid if we 'd read Intergroup Conflict and Cooperation : The Robbers Cave Experiment by Sherif , Harvey , White , Hood , and Sherif ( 1954/1961 ) .
In this study , the experimental subjects — excuse me , " campers " — were 22 boys between 5th and 6th grade , selected from 22 different schools in Oklahoma City , of stable middle - class Protestant families , doing well in school , median IQ 112 .
They were as well - adjusted and as similar to each other as the researchers could manage .
The experiment , conducted in the bewildered aftermath of World War II , was meant to investigate the causes — and possible remedies — of intergroup conflict .
How would they spark an intergroup conflict to investigate ?
Well , the 22 boys were divided into two groups of 11 campers , and —
— and that turned out to be quite sufficient .
The researchers ' original plans called for the experiment to be conducted in three stages .
In Stage 1 , each group of campers would settle in , unaware of the other group 's existence .
Toward the end of Stage 1 , the groups would gradually be made aware of each other .
In Stage 2 , a set of contests and prize competitions would set the two groups at odds .
They need n't have bothered with Stage 2 .
There was hostility almost from the moment each group became aware of the other group 's existence :
They were using our campground , our baseball diamond .
On their first meeting , the two groups began hurling insults .
They named themselves the Rattlers and the Eagles ( they had n't needed names when they were the only group on the campground ) .
When the contests and prizes were announced , in accordance with pre-established experimental procedure , the intergroup rivalry rose to a fever pitch .
Good sportsmanship in the contests was evident for the first two days but rapidly disintegrated .
The Eagles stole the Rattlers ' flag and burned it .
Rattlers raided the Eagles ' cabin and stole the blue jeans of the group leader , which they painted orange and carried as a flag the next day , inscribed with the legend " The Last of the Eagles " .
The Eagles launched a retaliatory raid on the Rattlers , turning over beds , scattering dirt .
Then they returned to their cabin where they entrenched and prepared weapons ( socks filled with rocks ) in case of a return raid .
After the Eagles won the last contest planned for Stage 2 , the Rattlers raided their cabin and stole the prizes .
This developed into a fistfight that the staff had to shut down for fear of injury .
The Eagles , retelling the tale among themselves , turned the whole affair into a magnificent victory — they 'd chased the Rattlers " over halfway back to their cabin " ( they had n't ) .
Each group developed a negative stereotype of Them and a contrasting positive stereotype of Us .
The Rattlers swore heavily .
The Eagles , after winning one game , concluded that the Eagles had won because of their prayers and the Rattlers had lost because they used cuss - words all the time .
The Eagles decided to stop using cuss - words themselves .
They also concluded that since the Rattlers swore all the time , it would be wiser not to talk to them .
The Eagles developed an image of themselves as proper - and - moral ; the Rattlers developed an image of themselves as rough - and - tough .
Group members held their noses when members of the other group passed .
In Stage 3 , the researchers tried to reduce friction between the two groups .
Mere contact ( being present without contesting ) did not reduce friction between the two groups .
Attending pleasant events together — for example , shooting off Fourth of July fireworks — did not reduce friction ; instead it developed into a food fight .
Would you care to guess what did work ?
( Spoiler space ... )
The boys were informed that there might be a water shortage in the whole camp , due to mysterious trouble with the water system — possibly due to vandals .
( The Outside Enemy , one of the oldest tricks in the book . )
The area between the camp and the reservoir would have to be inspected by four search details .
( Initially , these search details were composed uniformly of members from each group . )
All details would meet up at the water tank if nothing was found .
As nothing was found , the groups met at the water tank and observed for themselves that no water was coming from the faucet .
The two groups of boys discussed where the problem might lie , pounded the sides of the water tank , discovered a ladder to the top , verified that the water tank was full , and finally found the sack stuffed in the water faucet .
All the boys gathered around the faucet to clear it .
Suggestions from members of both groups were thrown at the problem and boys from both sides tried to implement them .
When the faucet was finally cleared , the Rattlers , who had canteens , did not object to the Eagles taking a first turn at the faucets ( the Eagles did n't have canteens with them ) .
No insults were hurled , not even the customary " Ladies first " .
It was n't the end of the rivalry .
There was another food fight , with insults , the next morning .
But a few more common tasks , requiring cooperation from both groups — e.g. restarting a stalled truck — did the job .
At the end of the trip , the Rattlers used $ 5 won in a bean - toss contest to buy malts for all the boys in both groups .
The Robbers Cave Experiment illustrates the psychology of hunter - gatherer bands , echoed through time , as perfectly as any experiment ever devised by social science .
Any resemblance to modern politics is just your imagination .
( Sometimes I think humanity 's second - greatest need is a supervillain .
Maybe I 'll go into that line of work after I finish my current job . )
Sherif , M. , Harvey , O. J. , White , B. J. , Hood , W. R. , & Sherif , C. W. 1954/1961 .
Study of positive and negative intergroup attitudes between experimentally produced groups : Robbers Cave study .
University of Oklahoma .
After all the arguments for subordinating women have been shown to be self - serving lies , what are misogynists left with ?
They have only one feeble argument that is still deferred to and shown undeserving respect across the world , even by people who should know better : “ God told me to .
I have to treat women as lesser beings , because it is inscribed in my Holy Book . ”
Ophelia Benson and Jeremy Stangroom are the editors of Butterflies and Wheels , the best atheist site on the web .
In Does God Hate Women ?
they forensically dismantle the last respectable misogyny .
They argue : “ What would otherwise look like stark bullying is very often made respectable and holy by a putative religious law or aphorism or scriptural quotation . . .
They worship a God who is a male who gangs up with other males against women .
They worship a thug . ”
Every major religion ’s texts were written at a time when women were regarded as little better than talking cattle .
Their words and commands reflect this , plainly and bluntly .
This book starts with a panoramic sweep across the world , showing – with archetypal cases – how every religion has groups today thumping women down with its Holy Book .
In Zamfara State in northern Nigeria , a pregnant 13 - year - old girl called Bariya Ibrahim received 180 lashes of the cane in 2001 after being pimped by her father .
The state ’s attorney general said : “ It is the law of Allah , so we do n’t have anything to worry about . ”
In Jerusalem , ultra-Orthodox Jews have set up “ modesty police ” who terrorise young women who talk to men or show ordinary parts of their bodies .
They break into their homes if they are seen with men ; they force them to sit at the back of the bus , away from the men ; and they even , in one recent instance , sprayed acid in the face of a 14 - year - old girl .
In the areas of India still dominated by orthodox Hinduism , a widow is still expected to commit suicide when her husband dies , or go into isolation in an ashram .
One – a septuagenarian woman named Radha Rani Biswas – fled and now begs on the streets of Vrindavan .
She said : “ My son tells me : ‘ You have grown old .
Now who is going to feed you ?
Go away . ’
What do I do ?
My pain has no limit . ”
And on the directory of divine misogyny goes , running through Catholicism , Mormonism and more .
Benson and Stangroom note : “ Religion does n’t necessarily originate ideas about female subordination , but it lends them a penumbra of righteousness , and it makes them ‘ sacred ’ and thus a matter for outrage if anyone disputes them . ”
Methodically , they go through the excuses offered for these raw abuses of human rights by the religious , and their apologists .
The first – especially beloved of the Vatican and Islamists – is that women are not being treated worse , just “ differently ” .
They claim that it accords a woman special “ dignity ” to trap her in the home .
But this is an abuse of language .
As the authors note : “ Permanent consignment to a limited and lesser role in the world is not what ‘ dignity ’ is generally understood to mean . . .
The smallness and intimacy and relatedness of home are fine things , but not if one is confined to them permanently . ”
The religio - misogynists then claim that it is “ racist ” or “ imperialist ” to oppose such abuses .
This merrily ignores how women within these cultures protest against their treatment – very loudly .
They are n’t objecting to being imprisoned in their homes , or having their genitalia cut , or being stoned for having sex , because a white person told them to .
Benson and Stangroom put it well : “ Multiculturalism by definition makes a fetish of cultures , and it is almost impossible to do that without treating them as monolithic .
As soon as you admit that all cultures have internal dissent and nonconformity , the whole idea of protecting or deferring to particular cultures breaks down into incoherence . ”
Then the gentler , nicer apologists for religion arrive .
They say that misogynists are simply misinterpreting the holy texts , which are in fact about love and compassion and kindness .
But the authors point out this is certainly not the God of the texts who orders his followers to commit mass murder , including of women and children , and explicitly says women are inferior beings .
So , in order to defend their God , the apologists often have to lie about what He and His Prophets “ say ” in the texts .
Cherie Blair , for example , claimed in a lecture : “ It is not laid down in the Quran that women can be beaten by their husbands . ”
But it quite plainly is .
The Quran says : “ If you fear high - handedness from your wives , remind them [ of the teachings of God ] , then ignore them when you go to bed , then hit them . ”
Karen Armstrong – one of the most egregious defenders of superstition – repeatedly claims that Muhammad was an emancipator of women .
Yet it is explained in the Hadith ( the sayings and traditions of the Prophet ) that he married a prepubescent child , and that when he was given two slave girls he gave the ugly one away to a friend and kept the beautiful one , Maryam , to use sexually .
It is a strange model of female emancipation , to sleep with children and slaves .
There are people in all religions who have – through theological contortions – managed to leave behind literal readings of the text and invent a less foul God to believe in .
It is not for atheists to say that one group of believers is right and the other is wrong , as we think they ’re all wrong .
We can note that the less literalist a believer is , the easier he is to live beside , but we will only discredit literalism and force reform if we are honest about the words of the texts , rather than trying to soft - soap believers .
By the end of this book - length blast , Benson and Stangroom have left religious hatred of women in rubble .
Anybody not addled by superstition will have to conclude that such bigotry deserves neither respect nor deference .
It does not deserve the taboos that today surround it .
It deserves the opposite : contempt – and relentless , unyielding opposition .
Does God Hate Women ?
Ophelia Benson and Jeremy Stangroom
Continuum , 208 pp , £ 14.99
Related Content : Ophelia Benson Q&A
( addendum : I ’ve also written Language Deathmatch : Small Basic vs. UCBLogo , for those who are interested in my take on such an implementation vs. implementation comparison . )
Google has announced the development of a BASIC variant called Simple , aimed at being an LFM , and intended for use in Android development .
My initial reaction was “ Why BASIC ? ”
This feels surprisingly like a case of those who are ignorant of history , or at least in denial about it , being doomed to repeat it .
Why use a crappy LFM reputed for its encouragement of bad habits , instead of one that is also clearly an LFSP ?
( For more about the difference between LFMs and LFSPs , you could take a break from this to read Michael Vanier : LFM and LFSP .
If you already need a break from this , though , there ’s something wrong . )
A few people in reddit discussion disagreed with me , but that ’s not exactly a very good venue for developing a clear comparison of BASIC and Logo for the purpose of demonstrating the unsuitability of yet another BASIC variant for educational purposes when better options are available .
BASIC
BASIC , influenced by ALGOL and FORTRAN , was created by John George Kemeny and Thomas Eugene Kurtz to serve the purpose of an educational programming language for people who were n’t science students .
In the 1980s , it shipped with quite a few home computers , and was as a result the first programming language many people — including me — encountered and used .
Initially , there was not much of a natural learning path from BASIC to other languages .
In the ’80s and ’90s , however , some more powerful descendants of BASIC have been developed , most notably including Microsoft ’s Visual Basic .
Logo
The LISP family of languages — including Scheme and Common Lisp — also includes Logo .
Where Common Lisp never pretended ( as far as I ’m aware ) to be anything other than a language for experts , Scheme was created specifically as both a simplified notation for demonstrating principles of computer science and a practical programming language that can be used to get Real Work™ done .
Beneath the level of Scheme , however , lies Logo , which was specifically created as an educational language for children .
The inventor of Logo , Seymour Papert , said in Redefining Childhood : The Computer Presence as an Experiment in Developmental Psychology , that :
[ M ] ore important than having an early start on intellectual building is being saved from a long period of dependency during which one learns to think of learning as something that has to be dished out by a more powerful other .
Children who grew up without going through this phase may have much more positive images of themselves as independent intellectual agents .
Such children would not define themselves or allow society to define them as intellectually helpless .
Logo was designed from the very beginning as a means of not just handing data to children and expecting them to memorize it , but giving children the tools of autodidactism and helping enable them to explore new concepts and learn new things for themselves .
That ’s a pretty good beginning , I think .
In addition to that , however , there is also a natural path of progression from Logo to Scheme or Common Lisp , and the wealth of excellent computer science texts and classes that use Common Lisp and especially Scheme as tools of learning ensures that there ’s always more to be learned with a minimum of additional preparation by moving to a drastically different , more capable language .
Even better , there are dialects of Logo itself that are suitable for much the same uses as Scheme and Common Lisp ( though they tend to lack library support ) .
UCBLogo in particular is a stand - out example of excellence , going so far as to provide even metaprogramming macros , and is far from the only Logo dialect to do so .
Logo has also been adapted to other uses , such as LEGO Mindstorms programming — and what ’s more educationally encouraging in a programming language than the ability to program your LEGO blocks ?
Logo ’s initial design was optimized for use controlling robots , including a device called a “ turtle ” that could be made to wander around on the floor drawing lines like a particularly high - tech Etch A Sketch .
Since then , a turtle graphics feature has been added to most Logo implementations , allowing the educational value of the turtle to be included with Logo even where a physical turtle is impractical , adding an even more immediate educational feedback capability to the language implementation .
In some respects , unfortunately , Logo has been a victim of its own success as an educational language aimed at children .
It is , in fact , a better designed general purpose language than many languages that have been used professionally by adults for many years , but it is still regarded largely as a “ toy ” that ’s only suitable for children .
Turtle graphics in particular has been both a great boon to people who wish to introduce children to programming concepts and a limiting factor for the recognition of the Logo language itself , as most people who have heard of Logo seem unable to even distinguish between turtle graphics and the Logo language itself .
Comparison
Truth be told , I ca n’t even think of anything bad to say about Logo .
It even manages to overcome the common complaint about LISP languages by being less cryptic in the names of its language primitives , and in eschewing parentheses for simple operations .
Meanwhile , famous computer scientist Edsger W. Dijkstra has had some well - known harsh words to offer about BASIC , in EWD898 :
The threats to computing science :
I think of the company advertising “ Thought Processors ” or the college pretending that learning BASIC suffices or at least helps , whereas the teaching of BASIC should be rated as a criminal offence : it mutilates the mind beyond recovery .
He has said so on more than one occasion .
In EWD498 : How do we tell truths that might hurt ? , he said :
It is practically impossible to teach good programming to students that have had a prior exposure to BASIC : as potential programmers they are mentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration .
This may be a bit of hyperbole ( at least I hope so , for my own sake ) , and he has had similarly scathing things to say about APL , COBOL , and FORTRAN .
One might wonder if he just hates languages whose names are acronyms or initialisms .
Still . . . if his intent was to point out that BASIC suffers some deeply troubling issues — particularly as an educational language — he ’s right .
He ’s especially right when BASIC is compared to other possibilities , such as Logo .
Some comparative benefits and detriments of each language follow :
Turtle graphics capabilities give Logo a significant advantage over BASIC for a low bar to entry .
Old - school BASIC is a line - oriented programming language that does n’t just fail to provide any more advanced capabilities for students who have moved beyond the most simplistic early stages of learning to program , thus limiting the amount of continuous progress one can make before having to change tools , but even specifically encourages bad programming practice .
The addition of arbitrary labels to make goto statements easier to use is far from an ideal way to teach people to program well .
A good Logo implementation , as an effectively feature - complete LISP , scales upward indefinitely .
Aside from specific descendants of BASIC that are not even recognizably BASIC any longer , BASIC does n’t scale up at all , really .
The complete inability to avoid doing anything in a global scope in early BASIC dialects is substantially limiting , to put it kindly .
Visual Basic , despite being an unrecognizably modified variant of BASIC , still suffers serious shortcomings ( yes , some of those have changed in recent versions , but other problems have arisen ) .
Worse yet , in order to solve the problems of more primitive , older dialects of BASIC , it has utterly ceased to be an appropriate tool for education of young children .
To “ solve ” the problem of modern BASIC descendants that are unsuitable to use as educational languages for children , Microsoft has come up with Small Basic .
It is indeed a greatly simplified language , easy for young people to pick up quickly , but it has unfortunately reached that point only by having most of the benefits of other modern BASIC descendants cut out of it .
Logo to Scheme and / or Common Lisp provides a more natural growth path than BASIC to any modern BASIC descendant that is actually good for anything in the Real World™ .
Conclusion
I think that pretty well sums it up .
I ’ll add additional notes if I get any comments that warrant inclusion .
As things stand , though , I ca n’t think of a single reason to favor BASIC over Logo as an educational language .
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
When a web application gets popular enough , features matter less and the underlying ecosystem matters more .
There ’s a tipping point at which network effects outstrip software features .
When that happens , users get the benefits of additional functionality — and the risk of new kinds of lock - in. Salesforce.com ( S CRM ) , for example , started as a replacement for in - house software .
Now it ’s a software ecosystem complete with a programming language , developer conferences , and a marketplace for third - party developers .
That makes Salesforce a lot harder to leave than if it were just a bundle of software features .
Freshbooks , whose SaaS - based billing tool tracks time and expenses and sends invoices to customers via email or post , is at that tipping point .
It ’s grown to 900,000 subscribers using a mix of free and paid offerings .
Now that there are so many users , subscribers often wind up sending bills to one another .
So the company made it possible to send those invoices within the system directly , bypassing external email .
Today , Freshbooks revealed that 20 percent of its subscribers had adopted this new capability — taking Freshbooks from software tool to SaaS ecosystem .
Is this how freemium pays off ?
In “ Free , ” Chris Anderson speculates that information - based businesses wo n’t make money from what they do , but rather because of what they do .
Here , Freshbooks may not make money from every subscriber — but it can offer compelling new features because of them .
Once a SaaS provider hits a certain size , secondary business models based on network and ecosystem effects can eclipse the initial business .
This makes the economics of running a SaaS provider a bit strange :
Too much focus on short - term revenues may undermine long - term success , because free helps reach critical mass , where new models can emerge .
At the same time , network effects may make it hard to launch a new SaaS offering , since early players can erect significant barriers to entry .
For SaaS customers , this portends a new kind of lock - in .
SaaS promised us freedom from the proprietary formats and costly , custom deployment efforts of enterprise software , but network effects can constrain subscriber choice and make it hard to leave .
If you want access to Salesforce ’s ecosystem , you have to use Salesforce .
Freshbooks CEO
Mike McDerment , understandably , maintains that network effects are more about added benefits to end users than about lock - in : “ If you can add a feature that ’s not possible without a network , and there ’s sufficient value offered by that network , then it ’s worth it to stay on the network . ”
Following the Swedish verdict , Italy is now considering starting its own trial against the people involved with The Pirate Bay .
This would be the first criminal prosecution against the Pirate Bay ' founders ' outside their home country .
During August last year , The Pirate Bay was “ censored ” in Italy when ISPs were ordered to block access to the worlds largest BitTorrent tracker .
The Pirate Bay appealed the block and eventually won the court case .
In October the Court of Bergamo ruled that no foreign website can be censored for alleged copyright infringement .
However , with the Swedish verdict against The Pirate Bay in hand , the Italian justice authority is now looking into the possibility of starting their very own trial against the Pirate Bay ‘ operators ’ .
Interesting to say the least , because The Pirate Bay and those involved with the site have no direct link to Italy .
Nevertheless , anti-piracy lobbyists are already claiming a victory .
“ The charge is the same as the one in Sweden , so one can be optimistic about obtaining a similar verdict in Italy , ” Enzo Mazza , president of the Italian Music Industry Federation ( FIMI ) told IDG .
The defense lawyers seem to be a little more down to earth .
Francesco Paolo Micozzi and Giovanni Battista Gallus , the lawyers for Pirate Bay spokesman Peter Sunde told TorrentFreak that the music industry boss might be a little too optimistic .
“ I absolutely disagree with the fact that the Swedish decision would in any way clear the way for the Italian prosecution , ” they told Torrent Freak .
“ First of all , it ’s a first instance decision , which means that it is not relevant at the moment . ”
“ Secondly , the Italian case has many different peculiarities , starting with jurisdiction issues , which make the Swedish decision much less relevant than it could seem at first glance .
Thirdly , every decision is based on its own evidence , and in the Italian case the trial is yet to start , ” they explained .
Thus far , the only binding jurisdiction with regard to The Pirate Bay is that the Italian blocking order was absolutely unlawful under criminal law .
Nevertheless , the entertainment industry is one step ahead and already thinking about how they will divide the booty .
Simona Lavagnini , one of the lawyers representing the Italian music industry said that it is not very realistic to expect the defendants to be extradited to Italy , but she believes that fines and a seizure of assets belong to the possibilities .
The Italian prosecutor will decide in a few months whether there will be an Italian Pirate Bay trial or not .
The order for ISPs to block access to TPB is currently under appeal and the decision in that case will come some time in September .
Trivia
The scene where the wedding crashers don Purple Heart medals , which is an award presented to military members who have been wounded or killed in armed combat , caused the movie to be criticized heavily by several outraged veteran groups who felt the scene was enormously disrespectful .
The film was also released at the same time that the Stolen Valor Act became federal law , making the false display of military awards a federal crime .
See more
Me : “ Hello , Mrs. [ Customer ] , I have the bid for your cabinets done . ”
Customer : “ Great , thanks !
Can you fax me a copy ? ”
Me : “ No problem ; what ’s the number ? ”
Customer : * gives me the number *
Me : “ Okay , I will send it over right now . ”
Customer : “ One more thing .
This fax is at my work .
Could you please fold the paper in half before you fax it ?
I do n’t want any of my coworkers to know that I am remodeling my house ! ”
This story is part of our Old People & Technology roundup .
Click here to go to the next story !
Click here to go to the roundup !
Hi . I 'm no longer involved in GosuGamers .
Follow me on @phellstrand on Instagram and Twitter , or drop me an email on [ email protected ]
The motorcycle world is full of oddities , but this is one of the strangest we ’ve ever seen .
It ’s a Honda GL 1800 Gold Wing that ’s been turned into a tow vehicle by the Swedish company Coming Through .
The Retriever is fitted with a towing assembly that weighs only 165 kg , but it can haul up to 2.5 tonnes at a maximum speed of 30 kph ( 19 mph ) .
Why a motorcycle rather than a truck ?
Because a motorcycle can weave through the traffic on jammed highways .
Ingenious .
Clean Up Ecuador campaign website archive
You are viewing the archive of the Clean Up Ecuador campaign website .
This version of the site was used between 2000 and 2018 to report on and organize the campaign to hold Chevron accountable for the contamination that it caused in Ecuador .
You can view the current website at ChevronToxico.com .
Search the Archive
Archives by Year
Hundreds of furious Chinese parents rampaged through a lead factory yesterday after the authorities blamed pollution from the plant for poisoning more than 600 children .
The protest follows a week of denials and revelations that have grabbed headlines in a country increasingly fearful for its environmental health .
According to the Xinhua news agency , villagers tore down a 300 - metre fence around the Dongling Lead and Zinc Smelting Company in Fengxiang county , Shaanxi province , and smashed up coal trucks after the government ruled that emissions from the facility had harmed the health of local people .
At least 615 of the 731 children in two nearby villages have been diagnosed with dangerously high amounts of lead in their blood .
A gradual build up of lead in the bloodstream can lead to anaemia , muscle weakness and brain damage .
More than 140 children have been treated in hospital .
The authorities are being blamed in part for the incident .
The risks were known when the factory started operations in 2003 but the local government was desperate for investment .
It promised to rehouse nearby villagers , but after 100 were moved out in 2004 the relocation plan stalled , apparently because of insufficient funds .
Locals appear to have been only vaguely aware of the dangers .
After a recent study showed how prevalent the poisoning had become , hundreds of families took their children to hospitals for tests .
Xue Yani told domestic reporters she was worried about her eight - year - old son because he was so short and thin he looked liked a four - year - old .
" I just want him to have a check - up so that we can find out what 's wrong . "
The doctors revealed that the boy 's blood contained 239 micrograms of lead per litre , almost five times the safe level .
Workers are more severely affected .
Ma Yungang , a 23 - year - old employee of the smelting plant , required a transfusion after a litre of his blood was found to contain 1,100 micrograms of lead .
The factory was ordered to suspend operations at the start of this month , but the local government has been reluctant to close a business that accounts for more than a sixth of the local economy .
The firm has never been accused of breaking emissions regulations and last week , the local environmental bureau said waste discharges met national standards along with the amount of pollution in the nearby water and soil .
Ma Tianjie , toxics campaigner for Greenpeace in China , said local environment bureaus often lacked the funds to make expensive tests of heavy metals , which are not obligatory under national regulations .
" This case is not unique in China .
There is heavy metal pollution in a lot of places . "
Yesterday , however , the authorities reversed their position and confirmed Dongling as the cause of the lead poisoning cases .
The government has promised to pay for the treatment costs of the victims , but parents are unlikely to be easily mollified .
Relocation plans have been accelerated but this has also run into complications because the site of the new homes has also been found to be polluted .
Local authorities declined to comment .
Meet RIBA , a robot nurse that resembles a friendly bear .
RIBA -- short for " Robot for Interactive Body Assistance " -- was developed by researchers at Japan 's Institute of Physical and Chemical Research ( RIKEN ) and Tokai Rubber Industries , Ltd. ( TRI ) .
Designed primarily to assist nurses by lifting patients in and out of their beds and wheelchairs ( as well as on and off the toilet ) , the 180 - kilogram ( 400 - lb ) robot can safely pick up and carry people weighing as much as 61 kilograms ( 135 lbs ) .
+ Video
The cheery - looking machine has long , multi- jointed arms embedded with an array of tactile sensors that help it optimize the lifting and carrying of humans .
For safety purposes , RIBA 's entire body is covered in a soft skin molded from an advanced lightweight urethane foam developed by TRI .
The soft skin is designed to ensure the comfort of patients while they are being carried .
In addition , the arm joints yield slightly under pressure -- much like human arms do -- further increasing the level of comfort and safety .
The robotic bear can also recognize faces and voices , as well as respond to spoken commands .
Using visual and audio data from its surroundings , RIBA can identify co-workers , determine the position of those nearby , and respond flexibly to changes in the immediate environment .
The motors operate silently , and a set of omni-directional wheels allow the robot to navigate tight spaces inside hospitals and nursing facilities .
Japan , which faces an impending shortage of nurses as the population grows older , is looking at ways to offset the inevitable challenges that medical institutions will encounter in the coming years .
Technology is regarded by some as the solution to this problem , and a considerable amount of government and private research is being devoted to developing robots capable of working in the healthcare field .
RIBA is an upgraded version of RIKEN 's RI - MAN , a robot nurse assistant developed in 2006 that was only able to lift dolls weighing 18.5 kilograms ( 40 lbs ) .
In addition to better strength and perception , RIBA 's improved information processing technology allows it to crunch data at least 15 times faster than RI - MAN .
This allows RIBA to move faster and with more confidence than its predecessor .
RIBA 's creators say they chose the friendly teddy bear appearance to put patients at ease .
Attempting to make the robot look human would only frighten people , they claimed in their press release .
RIKEN and TRI plan to put RIBA to work in hospitals within the next five years .
[ Source : RIKEN ( JP ) // Added Sep 1 : English press release ]
Some people really do want to have an overarching need to preserve the status quo and guarantee the power of elites trumps pesky concepts like democracy .
Otherwise why would there be a Republican Party or Blue Dogs ?
Billionaires For Wealthcare has the best explanation ever .
Do you think it 's related to this ?
( I know you do ; otherwise you would n't be atright now ) :
Labels : campaign finance reform , Michael Moore , status quo
Call it a sign of desperate times : Legislators are considering selling the House and Senate buildings where they 've conducted state business for more than 50 years .
Dozens of other state properties also may be sold as the state government faces its worst financial crisis in a generation , if not ever .
The plan is n't to liquidate state assets , though .
Instead , officials hope to sell the properties and then lease them back over several years before assuming ownership again .
The complex financial transaction would allow government services to continue without interruption while giving the state a fast infusion of as much as $ 735 million , according to Capitol projections .
For investors , the arrangement means long - term lease payments from a stable source .
Once any deals are approved , money could begin flowing into state coffers in as little as 90 days .
The plan has bipartisan backing , but that does n't make the prospect of paying rent for buildings once owned free and clear by taxpayers any easier to swallow .
" We 've mortgaged the legislative halls , " said an exasperated state Rep. Steve Yarbrough , a Chandler Republican .
" That just tells you how extraordinary the times are .
" To me , it 's something we 're going to have to do no matter how much we find it undesirable . "
Last good option ?
Earlier this month , Republican Gov. Jan Brewer vetoed such sale / leaseback provisions along with most of the rest of a fiscal 2010 state budget plan sent to her by the Legislature .
But the provisions are expected to return as part of a GOP - led legislative budget proposal surfacing this week .
Although Brewer spokesman Paul Senseman called sale / leaseback deals " one of the governor 's least favorite options , " he conceded the likelihood that they 'll play a key role in any plan to close a state shortfall estimated at $ 3.4 billion .
The state may have little choice .
Reserves already have been drained , easier fiscal gimmicks are virtually tapped out , and there 's no political will for spending cuts of the size and scope needed to close the deficit .
" This is the predicament we find ourselves in , " said Tom Manos , a Brewer budget adviser .
" We 've exhausted the better options . "
State properties now being considered for sale and leaseback include the House and Senate buildings , the Phoenix and Tucson headquarters of the Arizona Department of Public Safety , the State Hospital and the state fairgrounds , according to a document obtained by The Arizona Republic .
Some prison facilities also are under consideration .
In total , the list comprises 32 properties that , if built from the ground up , come with a combined replacement value in excess of $ 1 billion .
The properties were chosen based on attractiveness to investors , buildings the state would be unlikely to walk away from , such as prisons or other facilities that provide essential government services .
Only one state property thus far is targeted for outright sale : the state Agricultural Laboratory in Phoenix .
' We need the money '
The state has conducted sale / leaseback deals in the past , though rarely .
This is different .
Manos believes it would be the first time the state has sold and leased back state buildings with the intent of using the revenue to fund general operations rather than particular projects .
" We need the money , " said Senate Minority Whip Linda Lopez , a Tucson Democrat .
" You 've got to find it somewhere . "
Under the most recent legislative proposal , the state would seek a series of lease arrangements spanning as much as 20 years .
Deals that would generate the targeted $ 735 million in revenue would mean state lease payments totaling $ 60 million to $ 70 million a year , according to budget analysts .
Over two decades , that would equate to at least $ 1.2 billion in lease payments .
Once the leases had expired , the state would again take ownership of the properties .
House Majority Leader John McComish called the payments preferable to a tax increase , as proposed by Brewer , or alternative fiscal schemes such as selling future income from state Lottery sales in exchange for a lump - sum payment .
" What are our choices ? " asked McComish , a Phoenix Republican .
" We could cut more , or we could raise taxes more .
Borrowing over the long term , we think , is better for the people , better for the economy . "
Private prisons
While the state is looking to sell and lease back selected properties , it also may try to contract out the operations of some prisons .
The concessions provision is expected to be included within the new budget proposal , and legislative analysts believe it could generate as much as $ 100 million ( on top of the sale / leaseback revenue ) for state coffers .
Private , for - profit prison operators would bid for the right to manage selected facilities , but the state would maintain ownership .
The concept concerns prison officials , who worry whether a private operator would be equipped and trained to handle the state 's most hardened criminals .
In a letter to Brewer last month , Corrections Director Charles Ryan wrote that a private operator would pay lower wages and provide less training .
Newly elected judge Kevin Fine is n't your typical jurist -- he 's been frank and outspoken about his missteps in life , which include a cocaine addiction .
Now he finds himself dealing with another alleged misstep -- accusations that he told a rape victim in his court that he did n't believe she was raped because she was " on top " during the act .
There are no transcripts yet to the July 31 hearing , which came after the defendant was convicted and before he was sentenced .
Transcripts are being prepared for appeals .
But observers in the courtroom have spread word of the alleged comment , and it will likely come up in the appellate process .
A woman can't be raped if she 's on top ?
That will be difficult to explain away .
Fine tells Hair Balls he can't comment on the case because it 's still pending , but he did offer a general take on events .
He said the method he used in questioning some of the evidence was " incorrect , " and it seems from his answer that his doubts were based on more than just the " on top " issue .
We 'll print his response here in full .
The manner in which I went about garnering answers to my questions that I had , and that I needed answered prior to assessing appropriate punishment for the defendant , was incorrect .
I should not have gone about it in the manner in which I went about it .
In other words , I should not -- probably the better method would have been to call counsel into chambers and express my concerns directly to them , demonstrating all of the physical evidence that I was looking at that did not match what the complainant had to say during [ the ] guilt / innocence and during [ the ] punishment [ phases of the trial ] .
And then let them flesh it out with the witness , rather than me question the witness , because of the appearance that I did n't believe the witness , or was picking on the witness , which I do n't think a judge should do .
Although in certain circumstances maybe it 's appropriate .
I think in light of the nature of the offense the better means would have been to call counsel for both sides into chambers , express my concerns , explain my concerns based on the evidence I had in front of me -- and by that I mean the physical evidence -- and then let them flesh it out .
As to whether the concerns included the woman being on top , as others in the courtroom have alleged , Fine said he could n't comment .
That will be answered whenever the transcripts are released ; still , it 's clear that something unusual went on that day .
The defendant was reportedly sentenced to 25 years , which seems to indicate Fine considered his doubts addressed .
( The defendant 's newly appointed appellate attorney tells Hair Balls the 25 years " sounds right , " in terms of being what Fine assessed , but he has n't had time to look at the case . )
CIA interrogators threatened to rape family members of terror suspects , execute their kids , even torture them with an electric drill , official documents released today show , as the US Attorney General announced a probe .
The revelations came in a declassified 2004 report by the then - CIA inspector general , which catalogued the threats and harsh interrogation tactics used against suspects at secret overseas prisons .
In this image from the CIA , the cover of a special review of a newly declassified CIA document describes how interrogators threatened to kill the children of one September 11 suspect and may have threatened to sexually assault the mother of another detainee .
Credit : AP
Its release coincided with US Attorney General Eric Holder naming a prosecutor , Assistant US Attorney John Durham , to review the CIA interrogations and report back to him on whether the evidence warranted a full investigation .
The more than 100 - page CIA report released today provided a litany of evidence that Durham will have to pore over , much of which was not available to the public as massive sections had been blacked out .
For the first time since the decade began , Americans are having fewer babies , and some experts are blaming the economy .
“ It ’s the recession , ” said Andrew Hacker , a sociologist at Queens College of the City University of New York .
“ Children are the most expensive item in every family ’s budget , especially given all the gear kids expect today .
So it ’s a good place to cut back when you ’re uncertain about the future . ”
In 2007 , the number of births in the United States broke a 50 - year - old record high , set during the baby boom .
But last year , births began to decline nationwide , by nearly 2 percent , according to provisional figures released last week .
Those figures from the National Center for Health Statistics , indicate that births declined in all but 10 states in 2008 ( most of them in a Northern belt where the recession was generally less severe ) compared with the year before .
Over all , 4,247,000 births were recorded in 2008 , 68,000 fewer than the year before .
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
President Obama is pushing Congress to pass health care legislation that could nationalize as much as 10 percent of the economy .
Most members of Congress will vote on this bill with no idea what ’s in it .
Rep. John Conyers Jr. , Michigan Democrat , disparaged lawmakers for even pretending to read the laws they pass .
“ I love these members , they get up and say , ‘ Read the bill , ’ ” he said last week at the National Press Club .
“ What good is reading the bill if it ’s a thousand pages and you do n’t have two days and two lawyers to find out what it means after you ’ve read the bill ? ”
Mr. Conyers might think it ’s an antiquated notion that congressmen actually read legislation , but it is the most fundamental responsibility of elected representatives to know and understand laws and how they will affect the lives of their constituents .
That is especially the case with such a gargantuan bill .
The House version creates 53 new federal bureaucracies with everything from a Health Choices Administration to a Health Insurance Exchange Trust Fund to a Health Benefits Advisory Committee .
Thirty - three entitlement programs are created or expanded .
The notion is put to rest that government might cooperate with doctors and patients to work out what is best for providing care .
The health care bill uses the assertive word “ shall ” 1,683 times .
These passages are government mandates that force doctors , consumers and others in the health care profession to do what Congress orders .
The word “ penalty ” is used 156 times for those who do n’t follow orders .
“ Tax ” is referred to 172 times .
Mr. Conyers is right about one thing : A legal education would come in handy when reading through this legislation .
The bill is 1,018 pages long , very complicated and surely will cause legal disputes about its meaning for years to come .
To get a grip on the complexity of the government health care proposal , imagine the byzantine tax code applied to every family , patient , doctor , nurse , hospital , clinic , ambulance , pharmacy and insurance company in the country .
Democrats should n’t be allowed to ram through such a consequential piece of legislation until Americans and their elected representatives know what ’s in it .
Sign up for Daily Opinion Newsletter Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2009 July 23
Jupiter 's New Impact Scar
Credit & Copyright : Anthony Wesley
Explanation :
In July of 1994 pieces of Comet Shoemaker - Levy 9 collided with planet Jupiter .
The explosive impacts sent plumes of debris high into the Jovian atmosphere creating dark markings or scars , visible for a time against the cloud bands .
Remarkably , 15 years later , another impact scar was discovered in the Jovian atmosphere by amateur astronomer Anthony Wesley as he examined images of the gas giant taken from his home observatory just outside Murrumbateman NSW Australia .
Jupiter 's south pole is at the top in this July 19 discovery image , with Jupiter rotating from right to left .
The dark marking , also likely caused by a comet or asteroid impact , is near the top of the view , left of a pre-existing , whitish , oval - shaped storm .
NASA 's Infrared Telescope Facility images from Mauna Kea , Hawaii later confirmed the likely impact site 's dark scar and plume of particles in Jupiter 's upper atmosphere .
Since 2006 , major discovery observations by amateur astronomers have also included two red spots on Jupiter .
When a member of the Fed admits a problem , especially chairman Bernanke , you can rest assured the problem is far worse than what they admit .
Such is case today as Bernanke Says Commercial Property May Pose Risk for Economy .
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S. Bernanke said a potential wave of defaults in commercial real estate may present a “ difficult ” challenge for the economy , without committing to additional steps to aid the market .
Bernanke , testifying before the Senate Banking Committee today , urged lenders to modify “ problem ” mortgages to avert defaults .
Christopher Dodd , the Connecticut Democrat who chairs the panel , told Bernanke that “ some have suggested ” the commercial market “ may even dwarf the residential mortgage problems ” in the U.S .
It “ may be appropriate ” for the government and Congress to consider “ fiscal ” steps to support the industry , Bernanke said today .
Ideas for fresh support for the market could include government guarantees for commercial mortgages , Bernanke also said today , while noting no proposal on the subject has emerged .
U.S. commercial property prices fell 7.6 percent in May from a month earlier , bringing the total decline to 35 percent since the market ’s peak , Moody ’s Investors Service said in a report this week .
Commercial properties in the U.S. valued at more than $ 108 billion are now in default , foreclosure or bankruptcy , almost double than at the start of the year , Real Capital Analytics Inc. said earlier this month .
“ As the recession ’s gotten worse in the last six months or so , we ’re seeing increased vacancy , declining rents , falling prices -- and so , more pressure on commercial real estate , ” Bernanke said yesterday .
“ We are somewhat concerned about that sector and are paying very close attention to it .
We ’re taking the steps that we can through the banking system and through the securitization markets to try to address it . ”
One of the main issues for the industry is that the market for debt backed by commercial mortgages “ has completely shut down , ” the Fed chief said yesterday .
Bernanke Terrified Over Commercial Real Estate
Bernanke Seeks More Power
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S. Bernanke said consumer protection should be added to the Federal Reserve Act as a formal policy goal along with low inflation and full employment .
“ We were not quick enough , we were not aggressive enough to address consumer issues earlier in this decade , ” Bernanke , 55 , said in response to a question from Christopher Dodd , the Connecticut Democrat who chairs the Senate Banking Committee .
“ My recommendation to you to consider , Mr. Chairman , would be to ask whether there are steps that could be taken to strengthen the commitment of the Federal Reserve , ” Bernanke said on the second day of his semiannual testimony to Congress .
“ One would be to put consumer protection in the Federal Reserve Act along with full employment and price stability as a major goal of the Fed . ”
Consumer Protection Is Admirable Goal
Bernanke Canonized
Sixty - one percent of investors surveyed in the first Quarterly Bloomberg Global Poll say the world economy is stable or improving and almost 75 percent take a favorable view of the 55 - year - old chairman .
By almost a three - to - one margin , they say Bernanke has earned another four - year term when his current one expires in January .
“ He ’s the best , maybe around the world , ” said Wallace Lin , an investment manager with Euro Asset Management in Hong Kong , who participated in the poll .
Investors ranked Bernanke higher than his counterparts at other major central banks , including European Central Bank President Jean - Claude Trichet .
The vote of confidence strengthens Bernanke ’s hand as he faces congressional criticism that the Fed overstepped its authority by helping to rescue failing financial institutions in the midst of the crisis .
It also gives his bid for another term a boost .
President Barack Obama has praised Bernanke ’s performance atop the central bank without saying whether he wants him to stay .
Fed 100 % Guaranteed To Produce Boom - Bust Cycles
In 2005 Bernanke said there was no housing bubble to bust .
" [ Housing ] increases , he said , " largely reflect strong economic fundamentals , " such as strong growth in jobs , incomes and the number of new households .
Less than two years ago he said things were contained .
In January 2008 , he said housing would improve by the end of the year .
Just what the world needs , another jQuery slider .
YAWN .
I know , check this one out though , it ’s got lots of cool features .
Here on CSS - Tricks , I ’ve created a number of different sliders .
Three , in fact .
A “ featured content ” slider , a “ start / stop slider “ , and “ moving boxes “ .
Each of them had some cool interesting feature that I needed to build at the time .
All were well - received , but as is the case with these things , people want them to do X , Y , and Z in addition to what they already did .
This new AnythingSlider is an attempt at bringing together the functionality of all of those previous sliders and adding new features .
In other words , to create a really “ full featured ” slider that could be widely useful .
This is the first time ( on CSS - Tricks ) that one of these sliders is an actual plugin as well , which should make implementing it and customizing it much easier .
View Demo Download Files
The demo page has the current version , complete usage , and up - to - date changelog .
Features
Slides are HTML Content ( can be anything )
Next Slide / Previous Slide Arrows
Navigation tabs are built and added dynamically ( any number of slides )
Optional custom function for formatting navigation text
Auto - playing ( optional feature , can start playing or stopped )
Each slide has a hashtag ( can link directly to specific slides )
Infinite / Continuous sliding ( always slides in the direction you are going , even at “ last ” slide )
Multiple sliders allowable per-page ( hashtags only work on first )
Pauses autoPlay on hover ( option )
Link to specific slides from static text links
….and …. … wait for it …. more !
Customization
Adding / Removing Slides
Just add or remove more < li > items from the list inside < div class= ” wrapper ” > , everything else happens automatically .
Adjusting Size
For example , if you wanted to make the slides 580 px wide instead of 680 px wide , you just need to change some CSS .
Change the width of . anythingSlider ul li to 580 px , change the width of .
anythingSlider . wrapper to 580px , and reduce the width of . anythingSlider 100 px to 660 px .
Linking Directly To Slides from Static Links
Target the link using and ID or Class ( or whatever ) , and apply a click handler .
Then call the plugin function and pass it a number of the slide you are trying to link to :
$ ( " #slide- jump " ) .click ( function(e ) {
$ ('.anythingSlider').anythingSlider (6 ) ; e.preventDefault ( ) ; } ) ;
Credits
It was written by me , with code piecemealed together from some of Remy Sharp ’s sliders and my own previous sliders .
Doug Neiner stepped in and helped make it more efficient , smart , and fix some bugs .
Sport is an important part of Hyde Park .
Cycling , rollerblading and skateboarding are allowed on all the roads in the Park , and there are also designed cycle tracks throughout it .
Walking and running is common as well in the Park .
Field sports are played in the south area of the Park , between Rotton Row and South Carriage Drive .
Games of football , rugby , cricket and rounders are all commonly played here , and access is entirely free .
The Serpentine Lido has a paddling pool next to it , and it ’s open to both adults and children .
There is also a café there for when you ’ve finished swimming .
There is a specific Sports Centre , the Hyde Park Tennis and Sports Centre at the western edge of the sports field , where South Carriage Drive and West Carriage Drive meet each other .
There are six tennis courts here , and changing rooms .
There are also six bowling greens available , and these can be booked and hired .
There is a putting course for those who want to practice their golf .
Horse riding is allowed and encouraged in Hyde Park in the Manege area , near the children ’s playground , and is also allowed on the North Ryde and South Ryde .
There are two stables nearby , and the police and Household Cavalry also exercise their horses here .
The Hyde Park Tennis and Sports Centre can be contacted by phone on 0207 262 3474 and they give information on bookings and also on opening hours .
Brigg Stables are available on 0207 723 2813 , and Nye Stables on 0207 262 3791 .
The Serpentine has boats which anyone can hire , either peddle boats or canoes and rowing boats .
For disabled people , there are free electric buggies which can take wheelchairs .
They tour around the Park , on the roads , allowing people to see it .
Passengers can get off one electric buggy to enjoy a particular part of the Park and be collected later .
This little two - toed sloth was born to an elderly sloth couple just a month ago at the Philadelphia Zoo .
Keepers had assumed the parents were well beyond breeding age when the little furry friend appeared .
Despite her age , mama sloth is proving to be an attentive and capable parent .
Eating dinner upside down
Nick Gould is CEO of usability and user experience design firm , Catalyst Group .
He is @nickgould on Twitter .
The popularity of the “ # fail ” meme on Twitter is proof positive that the tool is great for pointing out when things are wrong .
“ Usability ” practitioners and those in the related fields of “ user experience ” or “ user interface design ” tend to be obsessed with fixing designs that are n't intuitive to use and helping their clients avoid those mistakes .
You might be surprised by the range of things that are open to usability critiques : web site designs , ATM interfaces , beta software releases , confusing elevator buttons ( all real examples from the Twitter feeds of usability pros ) .
Experts in the field often tweet about their latest projects , conferences they are attending , or just point out their most recent usability outrage .
This is a list of must - follows for anyone interested in usability .
It includes some of the usual suspects , as well as a few folks who just have a knack for finding and commenting about useful stuff .
Their updates are often amusing , frequently instructive , and usually relevant to a broad range of technical , design , and business disciplines .
Who : Jared Spool deserves a seat in the usability pantheon right alongside Jakob Nielsen .
As founder of User Interface Engineering , Spool is best known for coining the term : “ scent of information ” to communicate the various factors that contribute to a user ’s ( often unconscious ) decision to click on a link .
Why : Jared Spool is unequivocally the most prolific and visible usability “ guru ” in the Twitter universe .
Like many mega - tweeters , his updates often concern non-professional topics – especially relating to his air travel experiences .
But Spool is such a sought - after speaker at conferences that following his feed amounts to a weekly alert on where the usability / UX community is gathering .
Who : Joshua Porter ’s Bokardo blog has long been a favorite of serious design and user experience practitioners .
Porter was part of Jared Spool ’s User Interface Engineering before striking out on his own in 2007 .
Why : Joshua Porter ’s updates , refreshingly free of “ snark , ” are always reasoned and thought - provoking and his standing in the design community puts him in a variety of interesting conversations with other well - regarded experts .
In particular , Porter is a genuine authority on creating effective user experiences for the social web .
Who : Jane Pyle is a Senior User Experience Designer at Genentech in San Francisco who can speak authoritatively on usability as it relates to iPhone application design , branding , and emotional design .
Why :
In addition to just consistently posting interesting and relevant updates ( including her own opinions )
Jane makes this usability tweeters list because her feed is also a great expression of her personality — it ’s clear that Jane is passionate about user experience and her unique perspective shines through .
Who : Robert Fabricant is a Vice President at Frog Design , focusing most recently on health issues and other areas where design and user experience can make a real social impact .
Why :
It ’s easy to forget that , in many situations , an improved user experience is a high - stakes issue that can impact the health or quality of life of millions of people .
Robert ’s Twitter updates ( and his practice , and his speaking engagements ) remind us that usability can save lives – not just reduce shopping cart abandonment .
Who : Nick Finck created one of the first design and usability oriented online magazines – Digital Web Magazine – back in 1996 .
Although the site has ceased publication , all of the excellent content is still available .
Currently , Nick runs Blue Flavor , a Seattle - based design consultancy and blogs at nickfinck.com .
Why : Nick is a seasoned veteran of the technology and design business .
His updates are practical , thoughtful and informative .
Those usability geeks who are also code /
Web standards geeks , might especially appreciate Nick ’s feed .
Who : Kristina Halvorson is President of content strategy firm Brain Traffic and is a recognized authority about , and overall evangelist for , Web content that is straightforward and professionally crafted .
Why : Content is a too - often underestimated , or misunderstood , aspect of Web usability .
Halvorson ’s updates are often personal and amusing observations regarding the crucial role that content plays in successful user experiences .
Who : The Interaction Design Association is a relatively new organization that is dedicated to “ advancing the discipline of Interaction Design . ”
Through local chapters , the IxDA organizes events and arranges presentations by leading user experience practitioners .
The IxDA forum also hosts some fascinating discussions about a wide range of usability questions and facilitates mentorship for people who are new to the interaction design industry .
Why : On Twitter , IxDA keeps up a steady stream of informational alerts regarding upcoming events and thought - starters for their forum .
Who : W. Craig Tomlin is an independent usability consultant and blogger .
Why : Tomlin ’s feed is chock full of usability - related links , blog posts , and videos .
Moreover , Craig is a true example of the opportunity for smaller ( solo ) practitioners to connect with a large audience of interested peers and potential clients through thoughtful and diligent Twitter feed curation .
Who : Jan Jursa collects fascinating and inspiring video from around the Web and displays them on his blog .
Why : Jan religiously tweets whenever a new video is added to his site – as well as pointing out other articles and announcements that are related to usability and experience design .
Basically , following @IATV is like keeping tabs on all the most important talks , presentations and techniques being shown around the usability world .
Who : Nielsen Norman Group is the professional affiliation of usability giants Jakob Nielsen , Don Norman , and Bruce Tognazzini .
These guys ( particularly Jakob Nielsen , through his useit.com “ Alertbox ” newsletter ) deserve a lot of the credit for first popularizing usability - oriented thinking about Web and software design .
Why : Although their feed is largely self - promotional , NNg is plugged in to many interesting projects and deals with a wide variety of fundamental usability issues in its practice .
You wo n’t find cutting - edge thinking here , just good solid research and commentary that every usability or design practitioner should be aware of .
See also : 10 Most Common Misconceptions About User Experience Design
By Mark Kinver
Science and environment reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A " radical rethink " of how the UK produces and consumes its food is needed , Environment Secretary Hilary Benn has warned .
He was speaking at the launch of the government 's assessment of the threats to the security of what we eat .
The food supply was currently secure but population growth and climate change could have an impact , he warned .
Producers , supermarkets and consumers have been invited to suggest how a secure food system should look in 2030 .
Some of the findings from the consultation are expected to be published in the autumn .
We have to feed another two and a half to three billion mouths over the next 40 to 50 years
Hilary Benn
Food research ' needs a boost '
As well as launching the consultation process , the Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs ( Defra ) has published a scorecard - style assessment of the current state of the UK 's food supply .
" It is to stimulate a debate within the UK on what a food policy should be , and how do we define and look at food security more broadly , " said Defra 's chief scientific adviser Professor Robert Watson .
See assessment on state of UK food supply " Food is absolutely essential , and over the past few years we did see a food price increase - not only in the UK , but across the globe , " he told BBC News .
" We think it is time to have a debate with consumers , farmers , the private sector ... on what the food policy should be for the UK .
" We are clearly food secure in the UK today , " he observed .
" We produce about 60 - 65 % of our own food [ and ] import about 20 % from Europe .
" So the [ test ] for us will be , as the Earth 's climate changes , what will be the challenges not only in the UK but throughout the world ? "
HAVE YOUR SAY
More needs to be done to promote natural ways of growing food .
It needs to be sustainable , seasonal and fresh Rui De Sousa , London Environment Secretary Hilary Benn said while Britain was more self - sufficient now than it was in the 1930s and 1950s , everyone had to start thinking ahead about how to produce more using less water and less fertiliser .
He said last year 's sudden jump in the price of food and oil , which most fertilisers are based on , was a " wake - up call " .
" We saw last year when the oil price went up and there was a drought in Australia , which had an impact on the price of bread here in the UK , just how interdependent all these things are , " he said .
" We have to feed another two and a half to three billion mouths over the next 40 to 50 years , so I want British agriculture to produce as much food as possible . "
He also encouraged British consumers to buy more UK - grown produce and called for a re-think on best before or sell by dates to reduce waste .
Food for the future Today 's food security assessment focuses on six areas , including global availability , UK food chain resilience and household food security .
Population growth means the world needs more food from fewer inputs Food needs ' fundamental rethink '
Send us your comments
It assesses the current situation in each area , and the likely situation in 5 - 10 years time .
One sector identified as " very unfavourable " and showing no sign of improving is global fish stocks .
Yet other areas , such as the diversity of the UK 's suppliers of fresh fruit and vegetables are deemed " favourable " and likely to improve even more .
In July , the Sustainable Development Commission - the government 's environmental watchdog - warned that the current food system was failing .
In its report , the commission warned that the current approach was a major source of greenhouse gas emissions , and paid little attention to soil quality and water use .
Responding to the Defra publications , the British Retail Consortium said that any strategy had to be centred around consumers .
" Without their buy - in , no plan will work , " said food policy director Andrew Opie .
" We do need a sustainable supply chain , but retailers do not need government statements to wake them up to these issues , they are already taking action .
" What we need is joined - up policy with government agreeing what it wants from food across all its departments and agencies . "
UK FOOD SECURITY ASSESSMENT - SELECTED THEMES
Theme Current position Compared to mid 1990s Likely position in 5 - 10 years ' time Source : Defra 's Food Chain Analysis Group , August 2009 Global resources sustainability ( land use change ) Uncertain Deterioration Very
unfavourable Comments Unclear how much forest loss attributable to food production ; small rise in farmland use since 1990s .
UK availability and access ( diversity of supply ) Favourable Similar Favourable Comments UK has impressive diversity - 26 countries account for 90 % of supply .
UK food chain resilience ( energy dependency of UK food chain ) Uncertain Improvement Favourable Comments
Food chain a heavy energy user but intensity is falling and high prices and policy are incentivising further efficiency improvements .
But other risks remain as does the challenge to go low carbon .
See UK Food Security Assessment Summary in full [ 27.78KB ]
Download the reader here Return
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Although Asian - Americans as a group have lower rates of thinking about and attempting suicide than the national average , U.S. - born Asian - American women seem to be particularly at risk for suicidal behavior , according to new University of Washington research .
The study shows 15.93 percent of U.S. - born Asian - American women have contemplated suicide in their lifetime , exceeding national estimates of 13.5 percent for all Americans .
The finding comes in a study published in the current issue of the journal Archives of Suicide Research .
Lifetime estimates of suicide attempts also were higher among U.S- born Asian - American women than the general population , 6.29 percent vs. 4.6 percent .
Data from the study were drawn from the larger National Latino and Asian - American Study and were based on bilingual interviews with almost 2,100 individuals at least 18 years of age .
Two - thirds were immigrants from Asia and women made up 53 percent of the respondents .
Participants included 600 Chinese , 520 Vietnamese , 508 Filipinos and 467 other Asians , including Japanese , Koreans and Asian Indians .
" It is unclear why Asian - Americans who were born in the United States have higher rates of thinking about and attempting suicide , " said Aileen Duldulao , a UW doctoral student in social work and lead author of the study .
" There is the theory of the ' healthy immigrant ' that proposes immigrants may be healthier on average than U.S - born Americans , because of the selectivity of migration or the retention of culturally - based behaviors .
But it is unclear if this theory is the mechanism at work with regard to our findings . "
Evidence supporting this idea was previously found among Mexican - American and Latino American immigrants .
However , Duldulao said , the health of immigrants tends to decline with the number of years they spend in the U.S. and start adopting behaviors that are less healthy than those found in their homeland .
The suicide data echo a 2006 study that showed Asian immigrants to the U.S. have significantly lower rates of psychiatric disorders than American - born Asians and other native - born Americans .
That study 's lead author was David Takeuchi , a UW professor of social work and sociology who is also a co-author of the suicide study .
Seunghye Hong , who recently earned her doctorate in social work from the UW , also contributed to the suicide study .
The new research also found that :
The percentage of Asian - Americans who reported thinking about suicide increased the longer they lived in the U.S .
Young Asian - Americans , between 18 and 34 , had the highest estimates of thinking about ( 11.9 percent ) , planning ( 4.38 percent ) and attempting suicide ( 3.82 percent ) of any age group
Asian - Americans who were never married reported the highest lifetime estimates of thinking about ( 17.9 percent ) planning ( 7.6 percent ) and attempting ( 5 percent ) suicide .
There were few major differences by ethnicity , although Chinese ( 10.9 percent ) and Filipinos ( 9.76 percent ) reported the highest rates of thinking about suicide .
" This study highlights the fact that we may be underserving Asian - American women born in the U.S , " said Duldulao .
" While there was little evidence of sociodemographic differences in suicidal behaviors among various Asian - American groups , there was some anecdotal data from people working in the community .
It is important for service providers , as well as policymakers , to know that U.S. - born Asian - Americans , particularly the second generation , are at high risk for mental health problems and suicidal behavior .
" In most cultures suicide is just as unacceptable as it is here .
It is pretty much a taboo .
That 's why this study is important and why Asian - American communities need to talk more about suicide and mental health , " she said .
The researchers used a modified version of a World Health Organization questionnaire to assess whether and at what age people had suicidal thoughts , made suicide plans or attempted suicide .
The research was funded by the National Institute of Mental Health , the Office of Behavioral and Social Science Research at the National Institutes of Health , and the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration .
WiiRecipe General Author(s ) Calthephenom and Wack0 , portions by tona .
Type Utility Version 0.3 Bet a1 Links Download Source Downloadable via the Homebrew Browser Peripherals
WiiRecipe is a simple application that prints ingredients for recipes to the screen when you press buttons .
Currently it supports burritos and hamburgers , by pressing down or up on the wiimote .
Controls
Action Triggers Burritos Exit Triggers Hamburgers
Changlog
10 - Oct-09
This is the last version , I will be making real games from now on .
Added support for graphics .
Thanks to the Wii Game Studio :)
26-Aug-09
Fixed the problems , it works now and actually prints newlines to the screen :P ( Release by Wack0 .
Yes , I like using tona 's functions . )
25 - Aug-09
Added hamburger ingredients
24 - Aug-09 - inital release
Prints ingredients for burritos to the screen when the down button is pressed
Translation
To Do List
Steal Underpants
?
Profit !
Foods Added
Want a recipe to be added ?
Request it here
This rally is a Spirit - birthed response to Charlotte 's annual gay pride event .
More than one thousand believers will be gathering to worship the Lord , intercede in prayer , and proclaim that " God Has a Better Way " !
Nothing like this has ever been done in conjunction with a gay pride event in any city before , and those who join together on this day will be part of history in the making .
Everyone can be involved !
If you love Jesus and are walking with Him , then you qualify .
We need worshipers , intercessors , musicians , soul - winners , walkers , talkers , and believers of every age , color , and size to stand together as a prophetic witness to our society .
Everything we do will be law - abiding , safe , and honoring to the Lord in spirit and in word .
This crazy contraption is a " Coital Model , " something used by condom manufacturers to determine when condoms break .
Yes , that 's a big old penis on there .
Uh , sexy ?
Over a period of 7 years , broken condoms returned to a supplier ( SSL , Durex ) via consumer complaints were examined to determine the cause of failure .
Also , some consumers who reported breakage but did not return condoms were sent a questionnaire on the causes of breakage .
Finally , theories proposed for the mechanism of breakage were investigated on a laboratory coital model .
RESULTS : Nearly 1000 ( n=972 ) returned condoms made from natural rubber and polyurethane were examined .
Visible features on those that were broken , were classified .
Evidence combined from examining returns , questionnaire responses and the coital model strongly suggests a single predominant mechanism of failure we named " blunt puncture , " where the tip of the thrusting male penis progressively stretches one part of the intact condom wall until it ultimately breaks .
Advertisement
Wait just a goddamned minute .
People mail in their broken condoms ?!
What in the holy fuck ?
I 'm as big a fan of providing feedback to manufacturers when products do n't work as advertised , but that 's downright disgusting .
[ NCBI ROFL via io9 ]
* At simulating the aiming skills of a 37 year old woman wearing a glorified HAZMAT suit .
Welcome to the wacky adventures of Doctors Gina Cross ( tan suit , LPed by xarph ) and Colette Green ( red suit , LPed by Kenlon ) .
A regular day at the Black Mesa Disaster Factory goes downhill in a hurry thanks to misplaced crowbars , firearm - related mishaps , and that idiot new guy Freeman loving everything up .
Oh , and did we mention a shitload of headcrabs and PS2 controls that are extremely accurate *?
Yes , this is the infamous " what were they thinking " co-op expansion to Half - Life , released only on the PS2 port of the game by Gearbox Software .
Someone , at some point , decided that the best way to follow up playing a marine in Opposing Force was to make a shorter expansion where you play as a security guard .
For the PS2 port , the bar was lowered even more : nothing says adrenaline pumping action like two women in their mid-30s holding doors open for each other .
And then dying because someone hooked the doorknob up to a vortigaunt factory .
Original Archived Version available at the Let's Play Archive
I am a citizen of the United States of America .
In this country , I can criticize my government as intelligently , as profanely , or as stupidly as I wish .
I can call the president of the nation an unintelligent , uninspiring , and incompetent leader — which I have done .
I can call my representative in Congress a buffoonish party hack — which I have done — and urge his removal from office by the voters .
I can attack the policies enacted by government at all levels as often as I wish .
I can assemble with others to complain about the government .
I can petition the government for redress of grievances .
I can practice a religion free of government interference .
Most importantly , I have the right to speak my mind .
I can say whatever I want about the government short of advocating violence against it .
I am free to speak or write critically about the actions or inactions of my government .
I can be a critic of my government because for hundreds of years , hundreds of thousands of Americans before me fought and died for my right to do that .
In this young century , however , Americans have suffered increased assaults on their rights — especially privacy — by their own government , all in the name of the proclaimed need for “ national security . ”
Because of fear , government continues to attempt to foreclose on constitutional protections .
Government may erode constitutional guarantees in the absence of the watchful eye of the governed .
Rights not exercised may become rights lost .
It is an obligation of citizenship for Americans that they continually critique and comment on the actions of their government .
That is how we shape our government .
Failure to do so allows government to shape us and our rights instead .
At the moment , America has a slew of problems confronting it — record unemployment , a shrinking economy , two foreign wars , a two - party system run amok , and an enormous fiscal deficit , just to name a few .
As we toss the steak on the barbecue and watch the fireworks today , let ’s keep in mind the rights and riches we do have , the historical cost of attaining them , and the future risk of losing them if we fail to speak up when government displeases us .
We ’re only a few days away from the release of GI Joe : The Rise of Cobra , so it only seems appropriate to discuss a few things G.I Joe related .
Not specifically about the movie , but about the entire Joe universe .
And naturally , there ’s some lure to the dark side of any conflict .
Darth Vader was pretty cool .
So is the Joker .
And the same holds true for G.I. Joe , and its nemesis , Cobra .
Although apparently G.I.
Joe originally was not going to even have a villain .
What we might have missed out on .
Thank goodness Cobra and its mercenaries were allowed to exist .
Below are ten of our favorites G.I. Joe villains .
While many of the typical Joe foes are just generic villains ( Crimson Guard , Iron Grenadiers , Cobra Soldier , various Vipers , etc… ) , there still remain an interesting selection of unique characters to choose from .
Check them out :
10 . Tomax and Xamot
For those skirmishes that are not waged on the battlefield .
Tomax and Xamot excelled in the white collar industries of banking and law , which soon became manipulation of the law and the ( im ) proper disbursement of funds .
True evil genius worthy of Bond villainy .
For an added quirk , the mirror image twins were psychically bonded to each other , having such pesky traits as completing each other ’s sentences and sensing each other ’s pain .
Alright , so you may think they ’re ponces .
Consider this fact : possibly their coolest role in Cobra is being in charge of the bad-ass Crimson Guards .
You have to do something right to be head of Cobra ’s elite soldiers .
At least I think you have to do something right .
If you ’re wondering who ’s who , Xamot is the one with the scar .
I ’ll leave you with this rhyme :
Until now Joe ’s had it easy ,
But now it ’s gonna get real hard !
Cobra ’s hired ,
Evil twin brothers ,
Leaders of the Crimson Guard !
9. Nemesis Enforcer
Think what you will of the original G.I. Joe : The Movie and its supernatural detour , Nemesis Enforcer is one place the creators got it right .
Well except when dude got owned by Sergeant Slaughter .
Let ’s forget that part .
Otherwise he was pretty good in his role as elite guard for Cobra - La and a damn machine of pain .
Although why the hell his action figure had those goofy - ass tentacles included I ’ll never know .
Everyone understood he had to sport the bat - like wings as seen in the move .
But if I ’m speculating on the tentacles , maybe it was because Golobulus created Nemesis Enforcer using a pile of dead things .
Says so on his file card .
Look it up .
Also a fun fact , Nemesis Enforcer has no soul .
Sounds evil .
8. Dr. Mindbender
The elaborate mustache , shaved head , and lack of a shirt imply that he ’s gay , but the monocle gives him an air of high society .
And the cape ?
That might just mean he ’s insane .
Okay , maybe his uniform was eccentric , but he managed to convince people to call him Doctor all while going sans shirt .
Not exactly the most hygienic way to “ treat ” people .
Though it did give him a unique look in a room full of people wearing metal masks and cloth hoods .
And he was an evil genius .
And I also suspect he might have doubled as Doctor Ivo Robotnik .
Whatever the case may be , he knew robotics , cybernetics and bionics , created the B.A.T. , and also managed to clone Serpentor .
All in a days work .
I ’ll give him credit for that .
7. Firefly
Specialties in sabotage , demolitions , infiltration and terror .
That sentence alone tells you a lot of what you need to know here .
The calm and calculating warrior is equally proficient with guns , hand - to - hand , and explosives , and most importantly , he ’s smart enough to not confront a superior force directly .
He ’s a tough man to beat .
And those unlucky enough to stumble across his trail will likely eventually be found dead .
Good enough to crack this Top Ten .
6. Zartan
A master of disguise and a mercenary in every sense of the word , Zartan is multi-skilled individual loyal to one thing , money .
He allied himself with his siblings and an Australian biker gang to make more of it .
So to that extent , Cobra is just a means to a end and a way to buy more eye shadow so he can dress like Alice Cooper .
That and hide the fact he ’s allergic to sunlight .
I wonder if he got any of that Vlad the Impaler DNA that Serpentor received .
5. Serpentor
The lore behind Serpentor is that he was created from the most ruthless and effective military leaders in history , including Julius Caesar , Napoleon Bonaparte , Montezuma , Attila the Hun , Philip II of Macedon and his son Alexander the Great , Ivan the Terrible , Vlad the Impaler , Hannibal , Genghis Khan , and Grigori Rasputin .
The over the top character wanted one thing and one thing only , ultimate power over everything and everyone .
Maybe it did n’t quite work out as hoped , but the actual creation of Serpentor , or arising if you will , is pretty cool .
Even if his own catchphrase was n’t as cool , “ This I command ! ”
4. Baroness
A hot chick in black leather .
That ’s probably all you need to know about her .
The European accent , raven hair , or ass - kicking are n’t turn - offs either .
And she ’s smart .
The head of intelligence for Cobra , she ’s an expert at manipulation ( although what women is n’t ) .
Too bad she ’s taken by Destro , as the sensual femme fatale has a beauty only match by her ruthlessness .
I ’ll let Destro handle that arrogant attitude and expensive tastes , while I use my imagination on why might have been .
3. Cobra Commander
What ?
Cobra Commander at number three ?
Really ?
He was the definition of pure evil !
Sort of .
When I think of him , I do consider him to be a big bad guy .
But he was also crazy .
Loony bin crazy .
I ’m reminded of a quote from Austin Powers , “ He would make outrageous claims like he invented the question mark .
Sometimes he would accuse chestnuts of being lazy .
The sort of general malaise that only the genius possess and the insane lament . ”
You get the idea that Cobra Commander would make claims like “ We ’re gonna blow up the Ocean ! ”
Except no one was willing to stand up to his insanity so off they went .
And one other negative , he ’s never one to fail to blame his underlings .
It gives way to such gems as “ Morons !
I have Morons on my payroll ! ”
2. Storm Shadow
A lesson to be learned by all .
Ninjas are just plain better than everyone else at anything .
Though in Storm Shadow ’s case , he ’s the ‘ other ’ ninja in the G.I .
Joe universe .
You know , to Snake Eyes .
Still , a mysterious assassin dressed in all white ?
That ’s pretty cool .
And just to throw you off , Snake Eyes wore black .
You ’d think the colors would be reversed given the roles .
Still , it ’s almost like Spy vs.
Spy out there .
But cooler .
And with katana blades .
Whichever one sides with Cobra is going to rank pretty high on the villain list .
It ’s inevitable .
1. Destro
First off , in the G.I Joe theme song , it talks about fighting Cobra AND Destro .
So they ’re fighting an evil criminal organization and this one other dude .
That makes him sound pretty important .
Second , the man ’s head is a freaking metal mask !
Normally silver , but occasionally in gold .
How can you beat that ?
There is no good thing about Destro .
There is only AWESOME .
He does n’t have the psychosis of Cobra Commander , he ’s not as over the top as Serpentor , and he landed the Baroness .
I ’m sold .
He ’s the real driving force behind Cobra .
My only problem with Destro was that he was always referring to Cobra Commander as “ my dear ” .
As in “ my dear Cobra Commander ” .
Fruitcake .
No wait , awesome fruitcake .
For more G.I .
Joe goodness , check out :
IRELAND ’S attempt to introduce a blasphemy law is looking more and more idiotic with every day that passes .
Now we learn that the creators of the brilliant Father Ted television series have joined the clamour against the proposed new law , denouncing it as as “ insanity ” and pledging to support a campaign to stop it in its tracks .
This is insanity .
Please , Mr Ahern , define the things we can’t say , please !
Can we say , ‘ Jesus is gay ’ ?
Or can we ask , ‘ Is God in a biscuit ? ’
Could he tell us what it means ?
It is just insanity .
After all , there are things contained in the holy books of one religion that are blasphemy to another religion .
The logic behind this comes from Alice in Wonderland .
A report in the Observer today says that Arthur Mathews and Graham Linehan have backed moves by a group of Irish secularists to challenge the anti-blasphemy Bill introduced in the DÃ¡il last week .
Atheist Ireland , in a calculated challenge to the law , said it will publish a statement blaspheming ALL the major religions in Ireland , including Christianity and Islam .
Under the Irish constitution , the state is obliged to have blasphemy laws .
The bill going through the DÃ¡il would amend the Defamation Act of 1961 , which includes blasphemy as a crime .
To abolish blasphemy laws , the government would have to hold a referendum to amend the constitution .
The duo , who wrote a host of other TV comedies such as Big Train , described the blasphemy law contained in the new Bill covering defamation in Ireland as “ a return to the Middle Ages ” .
Linehan said that Justice Minister Dermot Ahern , who introduced the Bill , should be challenged to define what he meant by blasphemy .
Linehan added said the Irish blasphemy law was part of a trend in the west where freedom of expression was being attacked :
To placate the craziest people on earth .
Mathews said the Bill :
Hardly seems necessary in the Ireland of the 21st century …
It ’s a pity that law had n’t been introduced when we were writing Father Ted , because it would have given us a great storyline .
The best attitude to this nonsense is to laugh at it and send it up .
There is no popular clamour for it in Ireland , so I wonder why Dermot Ahern has brought it in the first place .
Michael Nugent , of Atheist Ireland , who has also written comedy with Mathews , added that the Bill was silly and dangerous .
It is silly because it revives a medieval religious law in a modern pluralist republic , and it makes Ireland seem like a backward country .
People need protection .
Ideas do not .
Ideas should always be open to criticism and ridicule .
If the law is passed , we will be immediately testing it by publishing a blasphemous statement .
When news of the proposed law first broke , a blog called Marshmallow Ladyboy Jesus was set up to inform the public about it – and much more besides of interest to godless heathens , and anyone concerned with freedom of speech .
Meanwhile , Atheist Ireland is finalising plans for a blasphemous statement at its annual meeting , which is open to the public , in Wynns Hotel in Dublin next Saturday .
Under the new law , anyone found guilty of blasphemy in the wider Defamation Act can be fined up to â‚ ¬25,000 ( Â£ 21,400 ) .
HAT TIP : Adam Tjaavk
I am not very proud of the time I ate a lot of mushrooms .
Loneliness and boredom are terrible reasons to consume an eighth of psychedelic foodstuffs , but one lives and learns .
I was about a half hour into my “ trip ” before reality melted into a nauseous hodgepodge of panic and elation .
Thoughts became rapid and cyclical , like a single pair of hot underwear in a dryer .
One such thought insisted I should go to Blockbuster and rent a videogame about 50 Cent ( I think I had just seen a commercial on TV or something ) .
I found myself walking at a thrilled pace to the local video store wearing sky blue swim trunks , my dead grandpa ’s corduroy blazer , and a t - shirt which featured both a happy cat , and a frazzled cat at different points in the work week demonstrating coffee ’s wacky role in 9 to 5 employment .
I was totally on drugs .
With pupils eclipsed into black pennies , my shroom - thusiasm swiftly morphed into extreme depression over the uninspired gameplay of 50 Cent : Bulletproof ( something like NFL Blitz meets GTA ) .
I panicked at the thought of returning the game sans explanation ( was that allowed ? ) .
Ever the idea man , I scratched up the disc with a steak knife , and returned to the store claiming that the game was n’t working .
“ I do n’t know , it ’s not playing , and stuff , ” I mumbled , eyes reeling .
“ Really ? ” the butch female manager prodded , “ because you ’re the first person to ever check this game out , and if you ruined this game you ’ll have to replace it . ”
I ca n’t remember how this situation resolved itself , but I know I never paid for the game .
I also never go to Blockbuster anymore , so who knows .
Safely home again , I stared down at my feet and felt excellent about my shoe presence ( apparently Reeboks can have auras ) .
Then I took the logical next step , and gazed at a light on my smoke detector for a half hour before getting ass naked and taking a bath .
I watched my legs grow like accelerated tree trunks and observed the faucet head floating around listlessly on the tile wall .
Then it was out of the tub and onto Google images , looking at pictures of forests .
Drawn to a dark area of a green setting , I grew bitter at a perceived invisible wizard who had cast a spell on me and was responsible for my altered state .
I had forgotten all about the mushrooms , and reluctantly acknowledged the wizard ’s powers , vowing to meet him again when I was more prepared .
I also erratically scribbled “ Fuck You Wizard ! ” on a notebook page and held it up to my monitor .
He was too cowardly to show himself so I put some clothes on and remembered a Mr. Show sketch where a character having a freak out eats orange slices .
I left my apartment for Ralph ’s , passing picnicking Hispanics with droopy , textured faces , like characters from The Labyrinth .
My heart felt like a hummingbird made of sadness that itself was hopped up on cocaine made of fear .
I also found the geometry of plant life profound .
Thankfully coming down , I forgot about the orange altogether and instead discovered Sour Patch Connectors , which have since become my favorite candy .
In conclusion , do a lot of drugs ... and eat candy !
Few things are worse than a skeptic sloppy about checking his facts .
For example , the “ Bad Science ” feature of LiveScience claims that we ’re not getting any older these days :
Discussions about life expectancy often involve how it has improved over time .
According to the National Center for Health Statistics , life expectancy for men in 1907 was 45.6 years ; by 1957 it rose to 66.4 ; in 2007 it reached 75.5 .
Unlike the most recent increase in life expectancy ( which was attributable largely to a decline in half of the leading causes of death including heart disease , homicide , and influenza ) , the increase in life expectancy between 1907 and 2007 was largely due to a decreasing infant mortality rate , which was 9.99 percent in 1907 ; 2.63 percent in 1957 ; and 0.68 percent in 2007 .
But the inclusion of infant mortality rates in calculating life expectancy creates the mistaken impression that earlier generations died at a young age ; Americans were not dying en masse at the age of 46 in 1907 .
The fact is that the maximum human lifespan a concept often confused with " life expectancy " has remained more or less the same for thousands of years .
The idea that our ancestors routinely died young ( say , at age 40 ) has no basis in scientific fact .
That ’s a fair criticism – “ life expectancy at birth ” is indeed a misleading statistic if your goal is to compare the health of adults .
But then the column starts criticizing perfectly true statements in other reports , and in the end goes completely off the rails :
When Socrates died at the age of 70 around 399 B.C. , he did not die of old age but instead by execution .
It is ironic that ancient Greeks lived into their 70s and older , while more than 2,000 years later modern Americans are n't living much longer .
Syllogistically speaking , Socrates did n’t die of natural causes , therefore the Greeks had lifespans the same as ours .
Or something .
Well , it ’s just not true .
You can see for yourself easily with a little reading .
For example , a free article ( PDF ) by John Bongaarts and Griffith Feeney reviews the concepts and provides convenient summary figures of mortality rates by age in the U.S. for 1950 and 1995 .
Age - specific mortality rates have declined across the adult lifespan .
A smaller fraction of adults die at 20 , at 30 , at 40 , at 50 , and so on across the lifespan .
As a result , we live longer on average .
Reductions in juvenile and infant mortality also contribute to increased life expectancy at birth , but the same trend is evident if we consider life expectancy at 15 , 20 , 30 , or even 80 .
We live longer now than in the past .
What about 2000 years ago ?
In addition to its Socrates reference , the “ Bad Science ” column cites :
* An article on Egyptian pyramid builders in the November 2001 issue of " National Geographic " noted , " Despite the availability of medical care the workers ' lives were short .
On average a man lived 40 to 45 years , a woman 30 to 35 . "
The column later describes the statement as “ completely wrong ” .
The age structure of ancient populations is a matter of great interest within anthropology and archaeology .
Some think we can draw many conclusions from skeletal samples ; others are more cautious in their application of models to the past .
But there ’s no doubt that Romans , Egyptians , and Greeks were dropping dead at age 30 , 40 , 50 and 60 – at much higher age - specific mortality rates than today .
Estimating the overall age profile is difficult and requires models .
But testing the “ Bad Science ” assertion is much easier – if human lifespan had really not changed in 2000 years , then 35 - year - olds should n’t have left their skeletons very often in the Roman catacombs .
Unfortunately ( for them ) , we find those 35 - year - old bodies .
A rough estimate ( gleaned from tomb inscriptions that give ages ) is that half of Romans who lived to age 15 – and therefore escaped juvenile mortality – were dead before age 45 .
That leaves us with one remaining issue – the maximum lifespan .
This statistic really has n’t changed very much in the last 50 years – the oldest - living humans in 1960 were between 110 and 115 ; that ’s how old the record - holders are today .
Only a handful of people have , to our knowledge , ever lived longer .
So in this respect , it may seem reasonable to say that the human lifespan has been fairly constant .
But I would challenge even that assertion .
For one thing , the maximum lifespan just is n’t very relevant to the population .
Only a tiny fraction of people today survive to age 100 .
That maximum lifespan may tell us something about human biological systems , but what really matters to demography are age - specific mortality rates across adulthood – the full range of times when most people die .
More important , we do n’t have a clue what the maximum lifespan may have been 200 , 500 , or 2000 years ago .
Such a tiny fraction of people make it above age 100 today that we could hardly expect to find any of them at all from skeletal samples .
Nor can we expect accurate ages from historical records – Methuseleh , anyone ?
It seems reasonable to say that the maximum lifespan , at some point in human history , was increased by sedentism , nursing care , stable food availability , and other cultural innovations .
With higher infant , juvenile , and adult mortality , even those with perfect genes would be a lot less likely to get the chance to live to extreme ages .
But in skeletal terms , at least , the hypothesis may not be testable .
In every way we can measure , human lifespans are longer today than in the immediate past , and longer today than they were 2000 years ago .
Infant and juvenile mortality do make a difference – especially if we use “ life expectancy at birth ” as the statistic – but age - specific mortality rates in adults really have reduced substantially .
That ’s a good thing !
UPDATE ( 2009/08/25 ) : Dienekes points to a study of “ men of renown ” in classical Greece , which found a median length of life of 70 years .
He notes that living to advanced ages of 80 or even 90 was not unheard of in antiquity .
No disagreement here – some people did live that long .
The point is that the population had higher mortality than today ( although classical Greece might well place favorably compared to some present high - mortality populations ) .
Some reactions :
But Judge Sullivan refused to release Mr. DiPascali on bail after his plea , despite a request by prosecutors that he remain free to better assist their complex wide - ranging investigations , a jolt to both the government attorneys and the defense lawyers .
Judge Sullivan said he was not persuaded that the bail terms  a $ 2.5 million bond agreement reached between the prosecution and defense lawyers  would ensure that Mr. DiPascali , who is 52 , would show up for sentencing , which has been tentatively set for next May .
Mr. DiPascali , who had been one of Mr. Madoff ’s closest aides for decades , also said he would “ dedicate all my energy to trying to explain to others how this happened ” as a cooperating witness for federal prosecutors who are still investigating Mr. Madoff ’s vast crime , which left his clients bereft of almost $ 65 billion they thought was in their accounts .
Mr. DiPascali is facing up to 125 years in prison ; his former boss was sentenced in June to 150 years .
“ The defendant has ample incentive to flee , ” the judge said , adding that the bail arrangements amounted to little more than “ an honor system . ”
Image A court rendering of Frank DiPascali , center , a long - time aide to Bernard L. Madoff .
Credit ... Christine Cornell / Agence France - Presse — Getty Images
Marc L. Mukasey , defending Mr. DiPascali , repeatedly assured the judge that Mr. DiPascali knew his only hope for leniency was to cooperate .
Indeed , Mr. Mukasey said , he has already earned the trust of prosecutors and investigators .
Moreover , he said , Mr. DiPascali is part of a close and loving family , some of whom would incur significant losses if he were to flee before sentencing .
Restoration and conservation :
Those are the goals that will guide management of the U.S. forest system under the Obama administration , Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said in his first major policy address on the nation 's forests .
" It is time for a change in the way we view and manage America 's forestlands with an eye towards the future , " he told a crowd gathered at Seattle 's Seward Park .
" This will require a new approach that engages the American people and stakeholders in conserving and restoring both our national forests and our privately owned forests .
It is essential that we reconnect Americans across the nation with the natural resources and landscapes that sustain us . "
The address was short on policy specifics but remarkable in the generally positive reception it got both from conservation groups and the timber industry , who often find very little to agree on .
Vilsack did let drop two important points :
One , that the Forest Service wo n't be appealing the recent federal court decision in Northern California striking down the national forest planning rules promulgated by the Bush administration -- rules designed in part to foreclose protracted litigation over management plans for the nation 's 192 million acres of national forests .
The new rules , conservationists charged , relied too little on science and provided fewer guaranteed protections for wildlife .
Vilsack also affirmed what the Justice Department had already quietly revealed a day earlier : that the government will uphold a 2001 ban on development in the nation 's last remaining roadless wilderness areas by appealing a Wyoming federal court decision striking down the ban .
( A federal appeals court has already reinstated the roadless rule . )
" The fact that they 're not going to relive the past with respect to the fights ... and that they 're going to go forward and do new [ forest ] planning rules , that 's a big announcement , " said Kristen Boyles , an attorney with Earthjustice in Seattle who has litigated some of the biggest forest cases in the Pacific Northwest .
" It 's been a long time since we 've heard anyone from the Forest Service talk about more than just timber . "
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan 
A suicide attack Thursday on a bus in Rawalpindi was the first that singled out workers of Pakistan ’s prized nuclear labs , military analysts and prominent national newspapers said , raising new questions about the government ’s ability to withstand increasingly bold assaults by the Taliban against the country ’s military complex .
The attack comes as Pakistan ’s army is fighting the Taliban on several fronts and is about to begin an even more ambitious campaign in the insurgents ’ heartland in Waziristan .
Government officials have said that the attack hit a bus carrying workers from a nonnuclear military plant , but military analysts said they believed that was an effort to avoid the embarrassment of admitting that a vehicle connected with the nuclear program had been hit .
The Taliban and Al Qaeda have announced that their goal is to topple the government and gain control of its nuclear arsenal .
Singling out nuclear workers , even though they were miles outside the weapons lab , military analysts say , carries heavy symbolism in a nation that believes its ultimate strength lies in its nuclear capability .
It also suggested a worrisome level of sophistication .
Write mainly with nouns and verbs .
Use adjectives only if they make your meaning more precise .
In Daily Mirror Style , Keith Waterhouse describes the old school journalist ’s view .
He says :
Adjectives should not be allowed in newspapers unless they have something to say .
Writers think adjectives add colour to their words .
They do .
But colourful writing is n’t always easier to understand .
In volume one of Editing and Writing , another newspaper journalist Harold Evans says they give writing a superficial glitter .
He goes on to say :
Every adjective should be examined to see : is it needed to define the subject or is it there for emphasis ?
Evans says “ over - emphasis destroys credibility ” .
Adjectives for emphasis
Take care when using them for emphasis .
For example , the word ‘ very ’ adds nothing to a phrase .
Most of the time you can lose the word without changing the meaning .
The same usually applies to words like really , actually , rather and quite .
Often there ’s a better , more elegant way of expressing the same idea .
“ The train crawled into the station ” is better than saying it was “ very slow ” .
In practice many adjectives have no substance .
You can remove most from your sentences .
You wo n’t lose much , but you will gain clarity .
On a personal note , publishers and others have paid me for years to write by the word .
Loading my copy with lucrative filler words including adjectives makes economic sense – but my writing would certainly better without them .
For the record :
Nouns name people , places , things and ideas .
Verbs are doing words .
They tell you what is going on .
We say
Adjectives modify nouns .
They tell you what kind it is , how many there are and which one is being talked about .
Adverbs do the same job for verbs .
Like this : Like Loading ...
The copyright consultation has one of its biggest days today with a major town hall in Toronto , a roundtable hours before , and increased media coverage .
The consultation has attracted growing attention in recent weeks as the chart on submissions below demonstrates .
There are now over 3,000 submissions with the overwhelming majority of them speaking out against Bill C - 61 , anti-circumvention rules , and for stronger fair dealing ( earlier charts here , here , and here ) .
Unfortunately , the chart is not entirely accurate in part because the government has effectively been altering some of the submissions .
This issue has arisen because of the large number of Canadians that have chosen to use the CCER submission form service .
The service allows anyone to submit their comments by either using a form letter or modifying the content as they see fit .
The government has decided to treat virtually all submissions from the CCER IP address as the form letter and simply added the relevant name to a single copy of the letter ( the chart below reflects the fact that each letter is , in fact , an individual submission .
Note that this is not limited to CCER , the government is doing the same thing for a form letter from the Canadian Private Copying Collective ) .
I am reliably told that 10 to 20 percent of people who use the CCER site modify their submissions .
The government 's approach has wiped out those modifications entirely by adding names to a letter that they did not sign .
I raised this concern with Industry Canada yesterday .
They responded :
Industry Canada does not alter submissions .
They are posted as received .
We recognize participants using the form letter may alter the contents of the letter to best express their personal positions and opinions .
Every effort is made to identify variance in the contents of these form submissions .
When we receive a form submission which also reflects a personal position , it is posted on the web site as a formal submission , in its original format .
While that may be intent , I have been provided multiple examples of original or modified letters that have not been posted to the site but rather have simply had the authors ' names added .
For example [ update : for a second example , see the letter posted at the end of this post from Cody Faulker of Barrie , Ontario ) , Justin Ruf of Yorkton , Saskatchewan , is listed as having signed the CCER letter and does not have an individual submission .
Yet this was his submission ( posted with permission ) :
Dear Ministers ,
I am a citizen who cares about Canada 's cultural policy , and I am writing in regard to legislative proposals for " copyright reform . "
During the last Parliament , Bill C - 61 provided some very sensible approaches to this complicated topic , but it also left room for improvement .
As you consider the issue of copyright reform , I hope that you will work to ensure that any new legislation is not a regression from the sensible policies set out in Bill C - 61 .
In particular , I do not believe that " digital rights management " ( DRM ) technologies should stop the public from making lawful uses of their legitimately acquired media .
Publishers using DRM push aside the delicate balance between copyright and the rights of the public – a balance set according to an assessment of the public interest by legislators – and replace it with one - sided rules that reflect publishers ' private interests .
Even artists disagree with publishers ' anti-consumer use of DRM , as evidenced by the recently formed Canadian Music Creators Coalition .
Therefore , as in Bill C - 61 , new copyright reform legislation should not make it illegal to circumvent DRM for lawful purposes .
Canada is going the way of American style DRM and this is a path we should not go down as evidenced that that course they have chosen has been nothing but problems .
When I buy a product , ie a DVD / CD , why should I not be able to put that on my computer so I have have a back up copy or to stream it to my TV / sound system ?
Are we going to start to be like the Americans and start fining Grandparents for downloading a song off the internet , or maybe we could throw teenagers in jail ?
That would show them !
This may sound crazy but it is happening in the USA because of a DRM system that favours Big Business .
This is an issue that a person must know more about in order to understand and I implore you to seek out the information , listen to a podcast on the issue , ask computer users , ask a consumer , ask yourself if you think you should be able to what they want with the things that you own .
These concerns are shared by a substantial and growing number of informed Canadian citizens .
I hope that you will take them into account when considering any changes to Canadian copyright law .
Thanks very much for your time .
Sincerely ,
Justin Ruf
The submission is not even close to the same as the CCER letter , yet the government has listed Ruf as a signatory .
In my view , it is the wrong approach for all stakeholders .
Every Canadian who takes the time to speak out – whether a single paragraph , a long essay , or a form letter – deserves to have their voice count as a submission .
Obviously any modified letter should be posted in its original form and I would argue that the same is true for a submission based on a form letter .
Regardless of the approach you take , there are just over two weeks to join the thousands of Canadians who have spoken out .
What are you waiting for – speak out on copyright today !
Position Number of Supporters Submissions against another Bill C- 61 2417 Submissions in favour of shorter copyright term 85 Submissions against anti-circumvention or in favour of limiting DRM / Digital locks 2517 Submissions in favour of stronger personal use / copying and backup protections 2475 Submissions in favour of an “ open copyright ” system 10 Submissions advocating an end to the Crown Copyright 12 Submissions opposed to adopting an American - styled DMCA 44 Submissions in favour of stronger fair use / fair dealing protections 2061 Submissions opposed to implementing WIPO 8 Submissions in favour of eliminating all copyright 3 Submissions against a three - strikes rule 25 Submissions that favour a “ notice and notice ” approach 2401 Submissions in favour of instituting a levy for file - sharing / monetizing P2P 19 Submissions in favour of greater exemptions for education / research 25 Submissions in favour of establish a good - faith defence that the user believed their use of a work was fair and non-infringing 2398 Submissions in favour of laws that are technologically neutral 2003 Submissions that argue individuals should be protected from liability as long as their use was private and non-commercial 1965 Submissions in favour of a parody exemption 5 Submissions in favour of ISP neutrality 5 Submissions satisfied with current laws 3 Submissions calling for a strong public domain 6 Submissions in favour of stronger penalties for copyright infringement 5 Submissions in favour of turning copyright into a crime 2 Submissions arguing for protection for photographs 3
Submissions against works being available in digital or other forms for free 80 Submissions arguing for more protection for writers and other artists 29 Submissions opposed to creating new exceptions 2 Submissions opposed to an expansion of fair dealing 1 Submissions in favour of notice and takedown 2 Submissions in favour of implementing WIPO 4 Submissions promoting a collective licensing scheme 5 Submissions in favour of anti-circumvention / protecting digital locks 1 Submissions in favour of fining those who violate copyright laws 5 Submissions in favour of halting illegal file sharing 2 Submissions endorsing Bill C - 61 1 Submissions proposing the expansion of the private copying levy 8 Submissions in favour of increasing school fees and tariffs for books and photocopies 1 Total Submissions 3003
Update : Below is a second example of a customized letter that has not been posted on the consultation site but the author is listed as a signatory to the form letter .
It comes from Cody Faulkner of Barrie , Ontario .
Dear Ministers ,
I thank you in advance for reading this letter , it is very important to me that you hear my concerns .
I am worried that this Government may wrongly adopt the American approach to digital copyright law as evidenced by prior draft bills including Bill C - 61 .
As a consumer of digital media , full time student , and proud Canadian it is my strong belief that myself as well as the rest of the Canadian population should be entitled to the information and knowledge that is being threatened in the prior mentioned bill as well as numerous other legislation .
The follow through of this bill would most certainly lead to further constriction of personal freedom .
There is a world of information at our fingertips , and it would be wrongful of this nation to prohibit its access .
It appears to me that although the information age is pushing forward at an astounding rate , legislation seems to be moving in the complete opposite direction .
Instead of exercising the freedom of this great nation , we have decided to criminalize its citizens .
In no way , shape or form am I personally against copyright law itself , in fact the creators themselves rely on its security to guarantee recognition for their work .
The message that I am trying to convey is one of independence .
Canada has the ability to set an example for other nations with innovative lawmaking principles , and yet we seem to lose more and more of our individuality with many of the law reforms .
The notion of fair use should be front and foremost for future law reforms .
Information of all types should be free to use for any non-commercial and non profit reason .
Amendments to the Copyright
Act need to ensure that statutory damages are limited and users must be protected from statutory damages if the user has good - faith to believe their actions and use of the work in question was fair and non-infringing , or if the user is engaged in purely private and non-commercial activity .
The Copyright Act should be amended to bring the backup copy provision into the 21st century by expanding the right to make an archival backup copy to all digital consumer products regardless of format or media .
Technology has its flaws , and loss of information can be avoided .
So I challenge you , and the rest of Canadian politicians to converge and create a new system of copyright in Canada , one that promotes freedom of information , and not its restriction .
Sincerely ,
Cody Faulkner
South African doctors on strike on May 29 , 2009 .
By Patrick Bond
June 13 , 2009 --
With high - volume class strife heard in the rumbling of wage demands and the friction of township ``service delivery '' protests , rhetorical and real conflicts are bursting open in every nook and cranny of South Africa .
The big splits in society are clearer now .
Distracting internecine rivalries within the main left bloc have subsided .
From 2005 - 09 , the ruling African National Congress ' huge wedge between camps allied to Thabo Mbeki and to the new president , Jacob Zuma , cleaved the ANC in two , but Zuma 's troops have mostly flushed out the former 's from the state and party .
So the bigger story now is the deep - rooted economic crisis .
Government fiddling at the margins with Keynesian policies is not having any discernable impact .
A lower interest rate -- down 4.5 % from last year 's peak ( to around 10 % prime with around 8 % inflation ) -- and a probable 5 % state deficit / GDP ratio ( last year 's was a 0.5 % surplus ) are not nearly enough tinkering to stave off a serious depression .
Since the early 1990s , neoliberal policies have made South Africa economically more vulnerable than at any time since 1929 .
If five major currency crashes since 1996 were not evidence enough , the 6.4 % quarterly GDP decline for early 2009 was the worst since 1984 .
By late 2008 it was apparent that labour would suffer vast retrenchments , with a 67 % reduction in average work hours per factory worker over three months , the biggest decline since 1970 .
The South African economy is likely to shed half a million jobs in 2009 , especially in manufacturing and mining .
January 2009 alone witnessed a 36 % crash in new car sales and a 50 % production cut , the worst ever recorded , according to the National Association of Auto Manufacturers .
The anticipated rise in port activity has also reversed , with a 29 % annualised fall in early 2009 .
House repossessions increased by 52 % in early 2009 from a year earlier , as house prices are down 11 % with much greater falls ahead .
Most minerals are 70 % off their peak of a year ago .
The stock market lost nearly 50 % last year .
Worse is to come because , thanks to the liberalisation of trade and finance , South Africa now has amongst the world 's highest current account deficits and is the most risky emerging market , according to The Economist magazine .
The reason : vast sums of money flooded out of South Africa to the new London financial headquarters of Anglo American , DeBeers , SABreweries - Miller , Old Mutual insurance , Invectec Bank , Liberty Life and DiData , as well as to portfolio investors who have profited from historically high post - apartheid interest rates .
Protests across South Africa in the past two weeks show how angry poor and working - class communities are .
They included :
thousands of Durban 's famous Warwick Junction vegetable market traders and their families threatened with eviction because of a mall catalysed by 2010 soccer World Cup construction ;
5000 protesters in the small town of Mashisheng fighting municipal corruption and non-delivery of services ( one of whom , Jacob Malakane , was shot dead by police ) ;
furious activists demanding houses and services in Johannesburg 's Soweto and Orange Farm , Durban 's Lamontville and Cape Town 's Macassar Village , and the 20,000 - strong Joe Slovo settlement ( the latter defeated in a Constitutional Court battle last week ) ;
striking public sector workers -- from doctors to firefighters to teachers to busdrivers to prison officials whose pay packets are unbearably small .
Shell defeated
In a rare victory far away that resonated strongly here , a campaign against Shell Oil in late May by the grassroots South Durban Community Environmental Alliance and NGO groundWork -- part of a global solidarity mobilisation ShellGuilty -- was rewarded in an out - of - court settlement for Ken Saro - Wiwa 's family and other Ogonis : $ 15.5 million in reparations for the 1995 murder of the Nigerian pacifist poet - activist and eight of his comrades .
Although not more than a few hours ' worth of Shell 's record 2008 profits , the settlement nevertheless sets a principle for reparations and strengthens other challenges to corporate abuse moving through US courts via the Alien Tort Claims Act .
One of these is a demand by South Africa 's Khulumani Support Group and Jubilee SA -- including my close comrade Dennis Brutus -- that billions of apartheid - era profits / interest be repaid , a case that will be heard in New York in September .
Continuity or change ?
Back home , South Africa 's class struggle has been building with such ferocity that Zuma 's impressive presidential victory earned the ANC only a day or so of honeymoon .
After propelling Zuma to power with 65 % of the vote , workers gained a few favourable cabinet appointments .
South African Communist Party ( SACP ) general secretary Blade Nzimande and the party 's leading economist , Rob Davies , are now ministers of higher education and trade / industry .
Other SACP notables are new deputy ministries -- Jeremy Cronin ( transport ) and Yunus Carrim ( local government ) -- although Zuma dropped from his cabinet the two Mbeki-era left - leaning ministers , Pallo Jordan ( communications ) and Zola Skweyiya ( social welfare ) .
Surprisingly , former deputy health minister Nozizwe Madlala - Routledge -- fired by Mbeki for opposing AIDS - denialist policies in 2007 and enthusiastically defended by the SACP and health activists -- was left off Zuma 's list .
But without a deeper cadreship of leftists in the cabinet , it is likely that continuity not change will characterise macroeconomic policy .
Overall economic ``planning '' -- a new ministerial position within the presidency -- is headed by the left 's bête noire , Trevor Manuel .
( Tellingly , when appointed to lead the ANC Department of Economic Planning 18 years ago , he renamed it the ``Department of Economic Policy ' ' . )
Economic development strategy will be championed by a new minister , Ebrahim Patel , who was the Congress of South African Trade Unions 's main advocate of ``corporatism '' ( big government , big labour and big capital working together ) within the National Economic Development and Labour Council , when he led the clothing and textile workers ' union .
The new finance minister is former tax commissioner Pravin Gordhan , a long - time Zuma associate with a Communist background but technocratic post - apartheid record .
Gordhan was a chemist by training , and knows the merits of the biggest policy push leftwards : national health insurance ( NHI ) .
The new health minister , Aaron Motsoaledi , defended the Canadian - style single - payer plan in a June 5 speech to parliament : `` The Constitution , under the Bill of Rights Section 27 , asserts that health is a right of every citizen and the NHI is going to be implemented to make sure that everybody exercises that right . ''
As Motsoaledi pointed out , thanks to privatised health insurance , ``7 million people enjoy 5 % of the GDP to take care of their health and a whopping 42 million will have to do with the remaining 3.5 % of the GDP .
If it is ideological to resolve this state of affairs , then I fully subscribe to such an ideology , for it cannot be that humanity is allowed to go on like this . ''
Rising class struggle
With other extreme flashpoints of conflict exploding across the horizon -- dramatic job losses , state failure to keep wage promises , public transport restructuring and huge electricity price increases -- the rising class struggle could even shift economic policy .
On June 1 , for example , 2000 metalworkers protested at the Reserve Bank for a large cut in interest rates ( they got 1 % ) .
This was notable not only because it reflects confidence to move beyond the point of production , to the source of some of the troubles : ``sadomonetarist '' central bankers .
In addition , it unveiled the arrogance of Reserve Bank governor Tito Mboweni , who simply refused to accept the metalworkers ' memo of grievances .
Said National Union of Metalworkers ( NUMSA ) president Irvin Jim : ``Anyone who rejects peaceful demonstrations and refuses to accept petitions from the South African working class , who are experiencing extreme economic and social difficulties not of their own making , is inviting big trouble .
You are warned . ''
Metalworkers attacked both Mboweni and his long - time neoliberal ally Manuel , who on June 11 told the World Economic Forum 's Cape Town session that capitalists should now stand up and fight the class war :
`` When anybody in the trade unions opens their mouth , they run like hell .
There 's no counterweight in society , and if there 's no counterweight , you can't have outcomes that actually advance and progress .
If we 're going to have cowards in business , we 're not going to get very far . ''
`` Disgusting !'' , replied NUMSA spokesperson Alex Mashilo .
``If Mr Manuel 's utterances reflect the view and role of the national democratic state in relation to class struggle between labour and capital then the future of the working class and the poor is doomed . ''
NUMSA had been run by a faction favourable to Mbeki until a few months ago , but now has turned sharply left .
As a NUMSA congress last month declared , ``NUMSA and the federation [ COSATU ] must push and drive the perspective that another world is possible and that therefore the slogan `Socialism is the Future - Build it Now ' must be concretised in concrete programs in the current period . ''
Some such programs : ``Companies threatened with closure and still viable should be taken over by government or be assisted to form cooperatives .
Key sectors producing strategic raw materials e.g. steel , oil , should be considered for nationalisation .
Numsa must lead in the creation of `green jobs ' and campaign for funding for cleaner vehicles . ''
As the congress resolution concluded , ``Neo- liberalism has collapsed .
NUMSA resolved to engage in all international platforms to win the fight against tendencies that continue to defend the Washington Consensus from being consigned to the dustbin of history ...
We will also be talking to the Left to hold an international Conference of the Left to develop alternatives to neo-liberal policies . ''
Left unity ?
Will this spirit heal historic splits that kept independent leftists outside the ANC Alliance from finding solidarity and participating in such conferences ?
( The last was in 1994 , and only served to illustrate the two divergent paths , inside and outside the state . )
One indication of residual tensions was the justifiable anger that South African trade unionists expressed towards the World Social Forum for holding its most recent international meeting in Morocco , at a time that country continues to occupy the Western Sahara .
To illustrate , there was a minor backlash against NUMSA 's march on the Reserve Bank by ANC secretary general Gwede Mantashe , who claimed the protest was ``unhelpful '' because ``the door is open ' ' .
Young Communist League president David Masondo replied , ``Yes , the door is open but the opening is very small for the working class to make an impact ' ' .
Mantashe should know because in 2004 he also led a delegation of several thousand mineworkers to the Reserve Bank unsuccessfully demanding rate cuts .
Protests
So the left continues banging on the door to open it yet wider .
The South African police measured more than 30,000 ``gatherings '' -- 15 or more people in some form of protest , for which permission is typically applied for a week ahead of time -- from 2004 - 08 .
Of these , 10 per cent generated ``unrest ' ' .
With 58,000 incidents , researchers in China registered more recent social protests per person than South Africa during the first quarter of 2009 , for the first time , but I 'm not aware of any other country that has been close .
And those figures will only rise while the crisis deepens .
Can South Africa again guide internationalist reactions to capitalist overreach ?
In fighting against apartheid through 1994 and against patents on AIDS medicines from 1999 - 2003 , local activists inspired millions in solidarity and defeated mighty opponents .
Beyond the miracle of a half - dozen leftist governments in Latin America , the world seems ripe for socialist renewal from below , forged from labour - community unity .
[ Patrick Bond directs the University of KwaZulu - Natal Centre for Civil Society .
In the next New Left Review he authors a full analysis , which will be presented to the Centre for Social Justice and Socialist Project in Toronto on June 28 , 2009 , and the International Socialist Organization 's San Francisco conference on July 4 . ]
Hundreds of people spent the night outside the Forum in Inglewood in hopes of getting free medical and dental care .
More than 2,000 sought services on the first day of the medical clinic -- and hundreds were turned away .
People were lined up Tuesday night , hoping to get in .
The MTA announced it was extending service of Line 115 because of " overwhelming demand " for service to the clinic , which runs for eight days .
The Remote Area Medical Foundation is a trailer - equipped service that has staged health clinics in rural parts of the United States , Mexico and South America .
It brought its health camp to urban Los Angeles County on Tuesday to begin a stint that the group 's officials described as its first foray into a major urban setting .
We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website .
By clicking “ Accept ” , you consent to the use of ALL the cookies .
Super - Tough Solar Panels Could Make Every Road Into A Power Plant
Roads do two things well : Carry cars , and soak up sun .
What if , instead of just getting really hot , roads could generate electricity with that sunlight ?
That ’s exactly what Solar Roadways — and now , the Department of Energy — has in mind .
Solar Roadways , a single - purpose startup , just snagged a $ US100,000 grant from the DoE to design and build a 3.6 m x 3.6 m super - tough solar panel , intended to be laid as sections of road .
As it ’s been optimistically imagined , the panels would also have a layer of low - res LED lights , so they could display changing signage .
Given how expensive and inefficient regular solar panels are , this whole plan sounds a little far - fetched , but the benefits could be huge : the company says that they could meet the entire country ’s energy needs if the interstate system was replaced with its ( still theoretical ) panels .
Neat , but there ’s a minor issue of cost .
To pull this into perspective , Solar Roadways say they could take 500 homes off the grid with just 1.6 km of four lane solar highway .
They also say their 3.6 m x 3.6 m panels will cost about $ US6900 apiece .
Assuming a width of four panels , 1.6 k m of highway needs to be made up of 1760 panels , which comes to over $ US12 million dollars before construction costs , which usually make up the bulk of the sum anyway .
I mean , they managed to coax $ US100 k out of the government already , so maybe there ’s more to this than meets the eye .
Or maybe , the Deptartment of Energy just wants to give this plan a fair shot , just make sure this wo n’t work .
Spaghetti , walls , etc. [ Solar Roadways via Inhabitat via PopSci ]
10 Album Covers Recreated in MS Paint
MS Paint was the cradle of creativity for many blossoming artists .
It was used by millions until Adobe changed the game with Photoshop .
MS
Paint has remained unchanged for years and it ’s good to see it being put to use .
It ’s easy for some “ rad-ass graphic designer ” to recreate these in PS4 , but it takes a true visionary to use such an out - of - date program to create these masterpieces .
Anthrax – Fistful of Metal
Michael Jackson – Bad
Lil’ Wayne – The Carter III
Bob Dylan – Highway 61 Revisited
Check the rest of the album covers after the jump …
The Beatles – Let It Be
Ryan Adams – Gold
Metallica – Master of Puppets
The Beach Boys – Pet Sounds
Bjork – Debut
Please take a look at the following article and then read on :
http://seekingalpha.com/article/134820-the-worst-case-scenario-someone-has-to-say-it?ref=patrick.net
This article comes from what I believe is the best financial site on the internet .
Its a list of predictions for what the worst case scenario will look like in 2012 .
I think that every prediction made in the article is accurate and will happen if the government continues to respond to this economic crisis in the manner that it has been for the past year and a half .
His unemployment predictions for 2009 - 2012 are almost exactly in line with what happened during the Great Depression from 1930 - 1933 .
I think that the author ’s timeline is probably off by a few years , but if we do not change our course , every single prediction in this article will come true within the next 10 - 15 , and possibly sooner .
[ [ However , this might not be all bad : From the comments section of the article : “ On the bright side , this means there will be no money to build machines that will wind up conquering us , so we wo n’t have to bring a terminator back from the future . “ ] ]
We have more than doubled the amount of money we have in print in just the last year .
We have “ spent , lent , or committed $ 12.8 trillion ” in less than 2 years–over 90 % of our GDP –trying to stop this financial crisis from getting worse .
This money has been printed , but most of it has only been pledged and has not yet been spent .
When this money is spent , economic laws of the multiplier effect and the velocity of money , along with the realities of the current fractional reserve system will lead to a massive and unavoidable increase in the money supply .
This will cause the value of the dollar ( and any savings that you may have ) to drop , while the cost of goods and services will rise .
If you have the means to do so , I suggest that you buy some gold … just in case .
This isnt just a solution for the rich .
On top of this , we are nearing a major crisis with Medicare and Social Security .
According to the Social Security Administration , the Medicare fund will be in a deficit starting this and will be completely exhausted by 2019 .
Social Security will be in a deficit starting in 2011 and will be exhausted by 2041 .
Future funds for these programs will have to come from general revenues , but the CBO is already forecasting trillion dollar deficits for quite some time .
Deficits in Medicare and Social Security will put an even greater strain on our budget .
This happening because of a collective failure which is the fault of all Presidents from President Franklin Roosevelt up to and including President Obama , as well as all Congressmen who refused to debate proposals to reform these programs for the past 60 plus years .
Here is an interesting article from the President of the Dallas branch of the Federal Reserve .
In the article , he explains that to fund these programs at current levels , spending will have to be cut by 97 % !
I took a few quotes and posted them below :
“ I would say the mathematics of the long - term outlook for entitlements , left unchanged , is nothing short of catastrophic . ”
“ And just to drive an important point home , these spending cuts or tax increases would need to be made immediately and maintained in perpetuity to solve the entitlement deficit problem .
Discretionary spending would have to be reduced by 97 percent not only for our generation , but for our children and their children and every generation of children to come .
And similarly on the taxation side , income tax revenue would have to rise 68 percent and remain that high forever .
Remember , though , I said tax revenue , not tax rates .
Who knows how much individual and corporate tax rates would have to change to increase revenue by 68 percent ? ”
To fund these programs , the government essentially has 3 options : borrow , raise taxes , and print money .
At some point , other nations will stop lending us money .
It is only a matter of when .
Raising taxes is politically explosive .
The economics of printing money is too boring for the vast majority of Americans to care about , making it the only political solution to this problem .
Of course , there is a 4th option : cut spending drastically and reform these programs before our economy collapses .
But , does anyone think that Congress or the President will make any serious effort to do so ?
Americanly Yours ,
Phred Barnet
Please help me promote my site :
Share on Facebook
Become a fan on Facebook
FBI : Bank robber cites economy during holdup
A pistol - wielding robber blamed the nation 's troubled economy for a holdup this morning at a northwest Houston bank , authorities said .
While demanding cash about 10:30 a.m. from a teller at a Compass bank branch , 12514 Tomball Parkway , the armed robber said , “ I 'm only doing this to eat .
They 're not letting me work , “ FBI officials said .
As his partner held a shotgun on customers and employees at the bank , the robber scooped the cash into a black nylon bag , officials said .
They were last seen getting into a tan , gray or silver four - door Chevrolet sedan with custom rims , FBI agents said .
There were no reported injuries during the robbery , officials said .
Witnesses described the robber with the pistol as a black man in his 30s with a medium build .
He wore a fake beard and mustache along with a blue Tommy Hilfiger T - shirt , officials said .
The other robber is a black man in his 20s , about 6 - foot - 3 , with a thin build .
He wore a dark - colored hooded sweatshirt and sunglasses , officials said .
Crime Stoppers will pay up to $ 5,000 for information leading to the arrest of the robbers .
Callers to 713-222-TIPS ( 8477 ) will remain anonymous .
ORLANDO , Florida ( Reuters ) - Senator Mel Martinez , a native Cuban and a former chairman of the Republican Party , stunned supporters on Friday by abruptly announcing he is resigning from Congress “ to get on with my life . ”
U.S. Senator Mel Martinez ( R - FL ) discusses his plans to resign alongside his daughter Helen ( L ) and wife Kitty ( R ) at a news conference at the Orlando International Airport in Orlando , Florida August 7 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Scott Audette
Martinez , 62 , who earlier said he would not run for a second Senate term next year , told a news conference in Orlando , Florida , that he is in good health , has no new job lined up , and was not resigning because of any personal problems .
“ I know it will give for great punditry , ” Martinez said .
“ People will speculate and sometimes the best answer is the simplest answer . ”
He said he was resigning because after 12 years in Washington , “ It ’s time I return to Florida and my family . ”
Asked why he did not finish the 17 months remaining in his term , Martinez said , “ I think the governor will appoint a good person to take my place and it will give me a good chance to get on with my life . ”
His resignation was unlikely to change the balance of power in the Democratic - led Senate since Florida Governor Charlie Crist is certain to name a fellow Republican to replace him .
Crist earlier announced he plans to run for the seat next year but said he would not appoint himself as Martinez ’s replacement .
Martinez said he did not know who Crist would choose but he expected to return to Congress in early September to see his successor sworn in .
He said he would remain active in Republican politics and joked that journalists would probably find him at a nearby lake feeding the pigeons .
Before being elected to the Senate in 2004 , Martinez headed the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development in the administration of George W. Bush and served as mayor of Florida ’s Orange County .
He stepped down in 2008 as chairman of the Republican Party after holding the post for about 10 months .
Martinez came to the United States from Cuba as a boy and used his post as a U.S. senator to speak out against the communist government of his homeland .
On Thursday , Martinez broke ranks with most Senate Republicans when the Democratic - led Senate confirmed Sonia Sotomayor as the first Hispanic on the U.S. Supreme Court .
Martinez is the only Hispanic Senate Republican .
The Florida Democratic Party was quick to react to news of Martinez ’s plans to resign .
Chairwoman Karen Thurman called on Crist “ to appoint an independent caretaker ” before an election can be held next year to fill Martinez ’s seat .
“ U.S. Senate seats should not be political footballs , ” Thurman said in a statement .
“ In 2010 , every statewide office in Florida will be wide open with no incumbents running for re-election , ” Thurman said .
“ Democrats are working to seize our historic opportunity . ”
( Additional reporting by Thomas Ferraro in Washington )
Investigating reports of the murder and torture of gay men in Iraq , Ashley Byrne found that some gays found Saddam Hussein 's dictatorship preferable to the threat of violence they face today .
Some readers will find parts of his report disturbing .
There has been so much news of death and destruction from Iraq that the position of sexual minorities is rarely touched on in the mainstream media .
But stories of torture and murder of gay Iraqis , particularly men , have been emerging in the gay press for several years .
Gay Iraqis have revealed they felt safer before Saddam was toppled Investigating these stories for a BBC Radio 5 Live documentary , Gay Life After Saddam , I 've heard a range of views about the deteriorating conditions for Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual and Transgender ( LGBT ) people .
Some say the violence has intensified in the past few months .
Others say killings run into the hundreds and have been going on since 2003 .
What is clear , and confirmed by separate evidence from various human rights groups , is that some gay men have been subjected to appalling violent abuse .
One young Iraqi , Amil ( not his real name ) recalled the death of a friend : " They found out he was gay and they killed him and they chopped him like a lamb , it was awful . "
Another man ( who wished to remain anonymous ) revealed to Scott Long from the New York - based Human Rights Watch , how his partner was kidnapped and killed .
" It was late one night when four armed men came to take my boyfriend from his parents ' house .
They found out he was gay and they killed him and they chopped him like a lamb
Amil , a gay Iraqi " They were masked and dressed in black .
" We found his body the next day dumped in the garbage , his throat cut out , his genitals cut off . "
Of all the shocking testimony we heard , a form of torture involving glue has to be the most awful revelation to emerge from our investigations .
Human Rights
Watch researcher Rasha Moumneh told us : " We 've heard stories of gay - specific torture where men have glue in their anuses and they force - feed them laxatives . "
Gay men inside Iraq have been able to seek sanctuary in safe houses , thanks to the UK - based Iraqi Lesbian Gay Bisexual and Transgender ( LGBT ) group , which manages them from London .
The documentary team were granted exclusive access to one of the homes on the outskirts of Baghdad , where we found a 31 - year - old transsexual man called Qasim ( not his real name ) .
Homosexual and transgender Iraqis say they are police targets Qasim said : " I 'm scared all the time .
I often think people are going to come in the night and take me because I am particularly known as gay . "
All the LGBT Iraqis interviewed for Gay Life After Saddam maintained that life was easier for them when Saddam Hussein was in power , from 1979 to 2003 .
Some spoke fondly of an underground gay culture that flourished before the war in Baghdad .
But it was unclear exactly what Saddam 's view on homosexuality was , and there has been some evidence to suggest that the former dictator was acting to clamp down on sexual minorities in the latter years of his reign .
So who is to blame for the violence against LGBT people in Iraq ?
Some blame militia , while others accuse religious leaders of stoking up hatred of homosexuals , though some clerics have also recently condemned the attacks on gays .
The Iraqi government and police also deny that there have been any state - sanctioned killings or torture of homosexuals in Iraq .
What is clear however is that gay people in Iraq have not been crushed .
He may be holed up in a safe house but Qasim is hopeful : " I find the Iraqi prime minister quite good .
" I hope he can talk with religious leaders , change the constitution and punish and imprison the murderers . "
Meanwhile , the refugee who runs the safe houses from London , Ali Hilli , lives in constant fear of his life after being sent two fatwas , or Islamic religious rulings .
But he has insisted he will not give up trying to help gay people in Iraq .
" If I think too much that someone is going to get me and kill me then I know I 'd stop what I 'm doing .
" I have to continue because I really believe in the work that I am doing . "
Hear more on Gay Life After Saddam , to be broadcast on Radio 5 Live , 2100 BST , Sunday 12 July .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Tags
Who could possibly claim that buying up drivable used cars at prices far in excess of their market value , for the express purpose of destroying them , will be beneficial for the economy or the planet ?
You guessed it : a combination of economy - saving politicians and earth - saving green activists are peddling the wonders of a new government program popularly known as " Cash for Clunkers . "
The Consumer Assistance Recycle and Save Act of 2009 has the two ostensible goals of jump - starting the stalled automobile industry and combating global warming ( or climate change , or whatever they 're calling it these days ) by replacing old , gas - guzzling smog machines with new , more fuel - efficient , cleaner cars .
Here 's the gist of how CARS ( Car Allowance Rebate System ) is supposed to work : owners of older vehicles can bring them to a dealership where they will be offered a refund of up to $ 4500 — supplied entirely by the government — towards the purchase of a new vehicle .
The main catch is that the new vehicle must have a certain miles - per - gallon rating higher than the old vehicle , and the dealer must certifiably crush ( yes , destroy ) the old vehicle so that it can never pollute again .
Of course , there are many conditions and rules attached to the program , designed to prevent someone like me from buying a beat - up 1960s truck from the neighbor 's farm for 100 bucks and installing a fuel pump , spark plugs , or whatever else necessary to get it running for an extra 50 or so , then driving it into town for a cool $ 4500 rebate on a brand new Dodge diesel .
Chiefly , the clunker can't average more than 18 miles per gallon or be more than 25 years old ( darn ) , and the person trading it in must show proof of registration and insurance for at least one year ( double darn ) .
The bribe — er , refund — then varies based on the improvement achieved in miles per gallon rating .
For a complete rundown of the Byzantine rules , regulations , and restrictions , see the official website 's FAQ .
Now , if " Cash for Clunkers " immediately brings to mind the broken - window fallacy , good on ya : you have a solid grasp of one of the most important lessons of economics .
How could it possibly help overall material prosperity to overpay for used cars and then pay even more for people to destroy them , all the while also paying bureaucrats to ensure it is all done properly ?
The answer , of course , is it wo n't .
There will be fewer " clunkers " available ( with the really cheap ones disappearing first ) ; there will be distortions in the used car and used car parts markets — it will be more difficult and more expensive to source used parts for the junker you want to work on — and there will be a whole new bureaucracy to manage the program , and so on .
To highlight just one instance of the outrageous economic distortion this silly program is sure to bring , consider the fact that most of the clunkers that qualify for the program are driven by relatively poor folks , people who are not very likely to be in a position to buy a new car even with the help of government refunds .
I would venture to guess that these people rely on clunkers to a much greater extent than upper - middle - class suburbanites who can afford more reliable cars and who might own a clunker here or there as a spare , seldom - driven car .
Yet these upper - income folks are far more likely to cash in on the artificial government refund value of clunkers , thus withholding their vehicles from the used car market and raising their prices .
In the limit , clunker prices will climb as high as the potential refund value minus registration , insurance , and miscellaneous transaction costs , thus making basic transportation more expensive for the poorest elements of society .
As much as the cash - for - clunkers absurdity smacks of the broken - window fallacy , I see its deeper economic relevance as an example of rent - seeking behavior along the lines of the " Bootleggers and Baptists " model .
It 's no secret that the harsh reality of market forces has upset the auto industry .
Yet many in that industry , especially new car dealers , are turning to politics for a quick and easy fix instead of gritting their teeth or throwing in the towel .
Under the all - too - common rhetoric of stimulus , they 're pleading to the politicians : " Please , concoct a scheme to bribe people into buying new car .
Oh , and make sure you extract the bribe funds from someone else ! "
Yet even in politics , naked bribery and extortion are frowned upon .
What 's needed is a cover story .
Enter the ubiquitous green lobby with their own plea : " Please , concoct a scheme to bribe people to ' go green ' and replace those nasty polluters with earth - friendly eco-wagons . "
All you need now is an entrepreneurial politician [ 1 ] to package the deal , auto - industry and green - activist lobbyists to promote it , and even ( gasp ) economists , and smash !
Another pane of economic — and moral — sense is shattered in the name of green stimulus .
To cast this in terms Bastiat might use , it 's as if the glazier hired a street urchin to hurl bricks through shop windows by night , in the midst of a social crusade against the dangers of toxic , low - tech glass .
The greed of those elements of the auto industry that endorse this plan , combined with the self - righteous conceit of the greens , makes for a politically potent combination .
Disappointed car makers and greens alike , not satisfied with the economizing actions of individuals operating under free choice , are attempting to force the rest of us to re-economize along their preferred margins .
This is green tyranny at its worst : waste , distortion , and violating liberty in the name of " saving the planet . "
[ bio ]
See his [ AuthorArchive ] .
Comment on the blog .
You can subscribe to future articles by [ AuthorName ] via this [ RSSfeed ] .
This week a survey confirmed what all Twitter users knew anyway : that more than 40 per cent of all tweets are pointless babble .
It has also emerged that almost two - thirds of Twitter users quit within a month of signing up for the 140 - character blogging service .
No wonder the company has yet to make any money , while Facebook , too , has yet to deliver on its financial potential .
None of this is to say , of course , that the internet has n’t had a profound impact on individuals , companies and interactivity – but the fact that typical Twitter users are older than initially believed means that businesses will need to rethink how they use it .
During this transition period , the old - fashioned companies that sustain growth and innovation will need to realise that these sites are just intermediaries , but the true power of the web is that it gives businesses the opportunity to talk directly to customers .
Sunna Abbas says the doctor blames the water for Mohammad 's illness
By Katya Adler
BBC News , Jerusalem
Mohammed Abbas is sick , with chronic diarrhoea .
Not for the first time .
He and his family live in a Palestinian village with no running water , no sewage system , and no prospect of getting either any time soon .
Watching her son , eyes closed , clutching his stomach on a mattress on the floor , his mother , Sunna , told me she is desperate .
Faqua residents complain they have to spend a lot of money buying water " I 'm angry that my son is sick .
The doctor says it 's because of the water .
We buy it from outside .
I do n't know where it comes from .
I give it to my children even though I know it 's contaminated .
What else can I do ? "
Sunna 's story is becoming increasingly common in the West Bank .
The name of her village , Faqua , means spring water bubbles in Arabic , but access to water here disappeared long ago .
The village council says most of the underground springs were appropriated by Israel in 1948 when the state was founded .
An Israeli -Palestinian Water Committee was set up in the mid-1990s as part of the Oslo peace accords .
But Palestinians say Israel makes it virtually impossible for them to dig new wells or to join Israel 's water grid .
Leftovers The West Bank is home to an important regional water source .
According to a World Bank report published this year , Israel keeps 80 % of water it drills from the mountain aquifer for Israeli citizens .
Palestinian water crisis deepens Palestinians get the leftovers .
It is not enough .
While driving around Faqua village we came across a private water tanker , its hose rolled through the street into the Sallah family 's backyard .
Murky - looking water gushed into an underground tank there .
The World Bank warns the water quality is deteriorating .
So Palestinians pay dearly .
Unclean water makes people sick .
Lack of water means prices are high .
Munir Sallah says it makes a difficult life even tougher .
" We need a lot of money to cover this expense .
We could use the money for other things like food for example .
" Every bit of money we have we use to pay for water .
You 're not going to eat well .
You 're not going to use much electricity .
You need to save this money for water .
" In Faqua money is in short supply .
The village fields lie barren , dry and dusty .
Traditionally , Palestinian villages depend on farming .
For that you need water . "
Trading blame
But Israel says it is not to blame here - Palestinian planning is .
Israel claims Faqua village never applied to join the water grid - although the local mayor disputes this .
Israel says the Palestinian Water Authority should be more effective across the West Bank .
Human Rights groups tell a different story .
Sarit Michaeli works for B'tselem : " Israel provides water on demand to any Israeli , including settlers in the West Bank .
" Palestinians are entitled to water .
It 's their basic right under international law , but very often they are discriminated against in the allocation of this resource .
" Water is scarce throughout the entire region but the little water we have has to be equally shared out between Israelis and Palestinians . "
Ahmad Abu Salamah can see green Israeli fields from his own parched land
Up in the brown hills of Faqua , a frustrated Palestinian farmer shows us the lush fields of an Israeli Kibbutz next door .
Faqua village is just on the boundary line between the West Bank and Israel .
An Israeli army jeeps keeps a close eye on us from the other side of the metal fence - part of the separation barrier Israel is building in an around the West Bank .
Ahmad Abu Salamah says Israel has given the kiss of death to agriculture here .
" We in Faqua village live in Area C - the part of the West Bank under total Israeli control .
Israel should give us water .
If it did , our land would be as green as theirs .
But they use all the water for their land " Water along with land and religion lies at the heart of the conflict here .
Fair distribution will have to be part of any solution . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Boy , drinks are delicious , right ?
Oh yeah , nothing screams relaxation like a tasty beverage .
Yet , did you ever stop and think about just how many of these drinks have mascots ?
No. Probably not .
Well , for the sake of argument , let ’s just say that ten of the most popular beverages have a anthropomorphic ‘ thing ’ as their spokes … thing .
Seriously !
For this list we ’ll focus on the “ soft ” drinks and follow it up with a list of Alcoholic Beverage Mascots in the future .
Oh , and we stuck to North American mascots ( sorry , no Pepsi Man ) , so grab your glass , and take a look at these ten famous beverage mascots .
10 . The California Dairy ( Milk ) Cows
Since 2000 these Happy Cows have been mugging for the camera and doing a moo-velous job ( sorry ) selling California dairy .
9. Donald Duck Orange Juice
Introduced on it ’s packaging by Citrus World beverages in 1940 , comes everyone ’s favorite severe - anger - issues duck .
No , not Daffy .
That ’s just silly .
8. Sprite and the Sun Fizz
In 1998 , Sprite released an ad that has become something of a Pop - Culture historical phenomenon .
I ’m not even going to explain it ’s hilarity , all you have to do is watch .
7. The Icee Polar Bear
In the 1960 ’s , the ICEE machine was first introduced , and its mascot was created as a Polar Bear .
Makes sense , but who knew they ’d become so widely available at K - Marts , Wal - Marts , Sears , and Burger Kings ?
Not me , that ’s not who .
6. The Great Root Bear
The Great Root Bear has been the popular mascot for A&W Root Beer since 1974 .
The Great Root Bear ’s role as mascot was reduced in the late 1990 ’s as A &W became more known as a burger chain , but he is still used to this day .
5 . The 7 - Up Cool Spot
In the 90’s , 7 - Up ’s Cool Spot was the anthropomorphic red dot on the pop can .
He ’s not around much any more , but he did spawn a video game !
4. Nesquik Bunny ( “ Quiky ” )
Since 1973 , this sugared - up animated rabbit has been gracing the adverts and packages of this powdered and liquid chocolate milk mix , as well as the pre-bottled Yoo Hoo evil twin .
Tasty .
He also appears on our Top Ten Bunnies in Pop Culture list .
3. Coca Cola Polar Bears
The Coca Cola Polar Bears were introduced in 1993 and have become one of the most popular advertising campaigns for one of the most popular beverages .
In fact , they became the mascot quite accidentally , as a one time commercial was so popular that they continued to come up with new ideas for the Bears , which are seen primarily in the winter .
2. Punchy
This slyly violent Hawaiian Punch mascot has been offering , “ How about a nice Hawaiian Punch ? ” and then clobbering them silly since 1962 .
He gets # 2 on the list purely for his violent nature .
1. Kool - Aid Man
Starting in 1954 as the oddly - named ( duh ) “ Pitcher Man ” , his name was thankfully changed to the “ Kool - Aid Man ” in 1975 .
And he ’s been causing massive building damage ever since .
He is joined by lesser mascots such as Purplesaurus Rex and Sharkleberry Fin , but only the original made our Top Ten Mascots list .
Oh Yeah !
New here ?
You may want updates via email or RSS feed .
Thanks for visiting !
If the national media is any indication , more people are embracing the notion of buying used clothing from thrift stores and consignment shops .
Last week , USA Today ran a story describing how secondhand stores are reaping the benefits of recession :
As Americans look for ways to cut spending , they are scooping up bargain clothes , accessories , toys and furniture once owned by someone else .
“ We 're sorry about the economic situation , … but it is a good time for our industry , ” says Adele Meyer , executive director of the National Association of Resale & Thrift Shops .
Three - fourths of resale stores said they had higher sales in September and October , compared with the same period last year , according to the trade group .
The average sales increase was about 35 % .
According to the article , 70 % of adults surveyed last summer say that buying used is now more socially acceptable than it was a decade ago .
Buying used has always been socially acceptable to me .
I got in the habit of shopping at thrift stores during high school .
It was the only way I could afford to add to my wardrobe .
For the past 20 years , buying used has been a natural part of my shopping routine .
Kris and I are fortunate that Portlanders generally embrace the thrift - store ethic , and that we live near a highway lined with used clothing shops .
( It 's actually more convenient for us to buy our clothes from thrift stores than any other source ! )
Here are some of our best tips for buying second - hand clothes :
Set a budget .
This is difficult at first — you do n't know how much things cost .
But eventually you 'll be able to tell yourself , “ I 'm going spend $ 20 today ” .
It becomes a game to see how much you can buy for $ 20 .
Discard your prejudices .
Some people consider thrift stores and used clothing shops nasty dirty places .
Some are .
Most are n't .
Explore your neighborhood .
Find a shop or two that you like , and you 'll be hooked .
Go with a friend .
It 's good to have a second opinion .
Your friend may have an eye for what looks good on you — and vice versa .
Try things on .
Sizes vary widely between manufacturers and even by eras .
( Today 's clothes have looser fits . )
But go in knowing your general size and measurements .
Note that some places do n't have dressing rooms , so it 's smart to wear a modest thin layer in case you need to strip down in the aisle .
Examine each item thoroughly .
It sucks to get home to find your new shirt has a hole in the pocket .
Or that the slacks you thought were a steal actually have a broken zipper .
Check washing instructions .
You do n't want to pay $ 3 for a silk blouse if you 'll never dry - clean it .
Use the tags as a guide to find quality brands you like , but do n't limit yourself .
Sometimes a brand you 've never heard of can yield a favorite piece of clothing .
Think layers .
Maybe that shirt with a stain on the sleeve has a great collar for wearing under a sweater .
For $ 3 , you can afford to buy a single - purpose shirt .
Use thrift stores as a way to diversify your wardrobe .
Buy colors and styles on which you normally would n't spend much .
Wear the new clothes a few times to see how you like them , and to gauge the reaction of others .
Used clothing stores are great for certain accessories .
Why pay $ 30 for a new belt in a department store when you can get a better belt in your size for just $ 2 ?
I like to shop at second - hand stores for hats .
( Nice hats . )
Look for clothes new with tags .
Sometimes unsold department store inventory finds its way to used clothing stores and thrift shops .
You 'll generally pay more for these items , but not much .
If you wo n't wear it , do n't buy it .
You do n't save money buying a $ 3 shirt if it just sits in your closet for two years .
Wash clothes when you get them home .
Watch for sales .
Used clothing stores ( and thrift stores ) run periodic specials .
Our favorite local store just ran a half - off sale .
The local thrift stores often have specials on certain items .
If you go to the same store often , ask when they rotate stock .
Stores get new shipments regularly .
Most also have extra stock in storage .
If you become familiar with the owners , you might even ask them to keep an eye out for particular items .
Take your time .
At normal clothing shops , everything is neatly organized .
Not so at most thrift stores .
When thrifting , it 's more important to be patient , to browse the racks methodically .
If buying used clothes becomes a habit , institute a “ one in - one out policy ” .
Every time you bring home something new , get rid of something old .
( Give it away , take it to a thrift store , or save it for a garage sale . )
Have fun !
Buying used clothing can save you money .
It 's also a fun way to kill a Saturday afternoon .
At $ 3 an item , you can afford to be adventurous sometimes .
Another great thing about buying used is that you 're free to experiment a little bit more .
It does n't hurt much to purchase a $ 5 cardigan sweater and then discover you 're not the sort for cardigans .
On a recent shopping trip , for example , Kris picked up this garish pair of pants :
Kris thinks the pants are pretty hilarious .
I do , too , but not in the same way .
But what 's really surprising is the price tags .
Check this out : these pants were originally priced at $ 288 , but she picked them up for $ 8.99 .
For many people , thrift stores offer an easy way to delve into frugal fashion .
But most shops carry more than just clothes .
If your budget is pinched , they 're an excellent place to find furniture , to pick up kitchenware , and even to find inexpensive entertainment .
A large part of my personal finance library has been purchased from the local Goodwill ( for about $ 3 per book ) .
While we agree on a lot of issues , your presentation is a huge turn - off , and helps to exacerbate extreme fighty - ness in posts where fighty - ness does n’t need any encouragement .
I ’m also incredibly tired of and increasingly offended by your use of various forms of “ retarded ” to describe people who disagree with you .
It does n’t help move the debate or encourage a respectful exchange of ideas or opinions ; it makes you sound shrill and obnoxious and does nothing to increase or encourage respect for your point of view .
Please , the next time you write something in a contentious thread , hit “ preview , ” then walk away from your computer for ten minutes , then come back and hit “ preview ” again .
Rinse , repeat .
If nothing else , perhaps this would stop the “ umpteen separate comments in three minutes ” streak that seems to possess you occasionally .
V.I.S.U.A.L.I.Z.E…R.E.V.O.L.U.T.I.O.N!...
The detailed analysis of the tax returns of President Donald Trump , spread across the front page of Monday ’s New York Times , is more than an exposure of the corrupt gangster who lives in the White House .
It is an indictment of the American ruling class as a whole , of the super - rich families who monopolize the country ’s wealth , exploit the working people and dominate its politics , including the Democratic and the Republican parties .
Thanks for letting us serve you .
For over 17 years , we 've been your # 1 source for foodservice supplies and equipment .
We appreciate you giving us a seat at the table and trusting us to help grow your business .
Unfortunately , we will no longer be accepting orders through our website .
But do n't worry - we 're just one phone call away !
Call ( 877 ) 514-6178 to speak to our customer service team .
They 'll help you order all of your favorite products and do the heavy lifting for your biggest projects ( like opening a new location , remodeling and more ) .
Instawares.com # 1 Restaurant Supply Superstore
© 2020 - Instawares Restaurant Supply
If you 're one of those unfortunate Pre users that updated to iTunes 8.2.1 without seeing our warning , there are two options .
You could either downgrade to iTunes 8.2 , or use one of these alternative apps and future - proof yourself .
Advertisement
The problem with downloading to iTunes 8.2 from 8.2.1 is that is n't quite as straightforward as replacing the iTunes app .
You have to replace some other support files .
The easier way is to use one of these four options .
And , you have the freedom to update iTunes to any future version without worrying about whether or not it 'll mess up Pre syncing .
Advertisement
1 ) doubleTwist , by DVD Jon. [ Download ]
doubleTwist lets you access your iTunes Library in that you can see all the music and playlists ( even smart ones ) you 've already established .
Once you connect your
Pre in USB mode , all you have to do is drag playlists or individual songs over to the Pre to have it sync .
There 's no library view , as in you can't drill down into artists , so you should organize your songs into playlists you want to sync inside iTunes first .
The downside of this method is that there 's no progress bar so you can't see how much of your sync is done .
The syncing process also is n't foolproof , and froze on me mid-sync .
But it does have the ability to import YouTube videos , which is kinda awesome .
And , it does n't support the actual playlist function on the Pre , so your songs are going to be in one big pile .
( You can sift through Artists , Albums , and Genres , of course . )
Update : The Windows version has automatic playlist sync ( screenshot here ) , and the Mac is getting it this fall .
What I meant to say was , the playlist support does n't work on the Pre side , not to be confused with the playlist support on the computer side .
Jon of doubleTwist tells me that the Pre does n't actually support playlists in non-iPod mode right now .
Hopefully that 'll come some time in the future now that the iTunes sync is becoming an issue .
Thanks Jon !
Advertisement
Best all - around experience since this is a media - manager in itself
Advertisement
Does n't support playlists , and lack of progress bar when syncing
Advertisement
2 ) Just dragging music over into the media folder
One feature of iTunes that not many people know about is its ability to just drag and drop songs from iTunes the app to any location .
So if you open up iTunes to the playlist , select all the songs inside the playlist and drag it into the Pre 's USB drive .
Drawback to this method is that it 's still one - way sync ( you ca n't uncheck or check a playlist to sync or de-sync easily ) , so you 'll have to clean things up yourself after your sync .
It has the same no -playlist support problem as doubleTwist
Advertisement
Easiest method
Advertisement
Bare bones : no playlist support , no song management
3 ) iTunes Sync on Windows [ Download ]
It 's essentially a very simple version of doubleTwist , where you can select playlists one by one and sync them over to the Pre while it 's in USB drive mode .
This does have a progress meter , but it 's Windows - only .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Progress meter is a plus
Advertisement
Windows - only
4 ) iTuneMyWalkman [ Download ]
Mac-only , but it creates a M3U playlist when you 're syncing music .
Advertisement
There are other utilities , of course , but one of these four should be enough to get you started .
If you have one that does something better than the ones here , feel free to share them in the comments .
Advertisement
Playlist support !
Advertisement
Mac-only
Update : Commenters are also recommending Mediamonkey , Missing Sync and Salling Media Sync .
You can give those a try as well .
Washington
You ca n’t judge a judge by her cover .
Despite the best efforts of Republicans to root out any sign that Sonia Sotomayor has emotions that color her views on the law , the Bronx Bomber kept a robotic mask in place .
A wise Latina woman with the richness of her experiences would more often than not know that a gaggle of white Republican men afraid of extinction are out to trip her up .
After all , these guys have never needed to speak inspirational words to others like them , as Sotomayor has done .
They ’ve had codes , handshakes and clubs to do that .
So when Republican Senator Jon Kyl , without so much as a howdy - do , went at Sotomayor , and soon was asking her if she agreed with Barack Obama ’s contention , when he voted against John Roberts , that a judge ’s heart is important , the would - be justice was as adroit as her idol Nancy Drew .
" BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING YOU . "
" WAR IS PEACE .
SLAVERY IS FREEDOM .
IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH . "
Freedom is the freedom to know that two plus two make four .
Who controls the past controls the future : who controls the present controls the past .
In philosophy , or religion , or ethics , or politics , two plus two might make five , but when one was designing a fun or an airplane they had to make four .
show all 25 items )
Thoughtcrime does not entail death : thoughtcrime is death .
The best books ... are those that tell you what you know already .
We shall meet in the place where there is no darkness .
If you want to keep a secret , you must also hide it from yourself .
Power is in inflicting pain and humiliations .
Power is in tearing human minds to pieces and putting them together again in new shapes of your own choosing ....
We are creating a world of fear and treachery and torment ... a world which will grow not less but MORE merciless ....
In our world there will be no emotions except fear , rage , triumph , and self - abasement ....
There will be no curiosity , no enjoyment of the process of life .
All competing pleasures will be destroyed .
But always — do not forget this , Winston — always there will be the intoxication of power , constantly increasing and constantly growing subtler .
Always , at every moment , there will be the thrill of victory , the sensation of trampling on an enemy who is helpless .
If you want a picture of the future , imagine a boot stamping on a human face — forever .
She had become a physical necessity , something that he not only wanted but felt that he had a right to .
The whole aim of Newspeak is to narrow the range of thought ... every year fewer words , and the range of consciousness always a little smaller .
...
What was required was short clipped words of unmistakable meaning which ... roused the minimum of echoes in the speaker 's mind .
...
The smaller the area of choice , the smaller the temptation to take thought .
Winston fitted a nib into the penholder and sucked it to get the grease off .
The pen was an archaic instrument , seldom used even for signatures , and he had procured one , furtively and with some difficulty , simply because of a feeling that the beautiful creamy paper deserved to be written on with a real nib instead of being scratched with an ink-pencil .
Actually he was not used to writing by hand .
Apart from very short notes , it was usual to dictate everything into the speak - write , which was of course impossible for his present purpose .
Such things he saw could not happen today .
Today there were fear , hatred , and pain , but no dignity of emotion or deep and complex sorrows .
And if all the others accepted the lie which the Party imposed — if all records contained the same tale — then the lie passed into history and became truth .
Until they become conscious , they will never rebel , and until after they have rebelled they cannot become conscious The Party told you to reject the evidence of your eyes and ears .
It was their final , most essential command .
Winston , in addition to his regular work , spent long periods every day in going through back files of the Times and altering and embellishing news items which were to be quoted in speeches .
At present nothing is possible except to extend the area of sanity little by little .
In so far as he had time to remember it , he was not troubled by the fact that every word he murmured into the speakwrite , every stroke of his ink pencil , was a deliberate lie .
War prisoners apart , the average citizen of Oceania never sets eyes on a citizen of either Eurasia or Eastasia , and he is forbidden the knowledge of foreign languages .
If he were allowed contact with foreigners he would discover that they are creatures similar to himself and that most of what he has been told about them are lies .
Applied to an opponent , it means the habit of impudently claiming that black is white , in contradiction of the plain facts .
Applied to a Party member , it means a loyal willingness to say that black is white when Party discipline demands this .
But it means also the ability to believe that black is white , and more , to know that black is white , and to forget that one has ever believed the contrary .
" How does one man assert power over another , Winston ? "
Winston thought .
" By making him suffer , " he said .
Countless other words such as honor , justice , morality , internationalism , democracy , science , and religion had simply ceased to exist .
...a
Party member called upon to make a political or ethical judgment should be able to spray forth the correct opinions as automatically as a machine gun spraying forth bullets .
MOBILE , Ala . --
Mobile police were justified last month in their use of a Taser and pepper spray to get a deaf , mentally disabled man out of a store restroom , but a lieutenant erred when he then tried to send the man to jail , an internal investigation has determined .
The probe found that the use of a Taser to remove Antonio Love was within department standards because other attempts to get him out failed , and officers at the time had no way of knowing about Love 's mental and physical disabilities , said a source familiar with the investigation , who spoke to the Press - Register on the condition of anonymity .
Officers had tried for nearly an hour to remove Love , who braced the door shut , the source said .
A news conference is scheduled for this morning to officially release the investigation 's findings .
The confrontation happened July 24 , after the officers were called to the Dollar General store on Azalea Road .
The manager called and told dispatchers that a man had been in the restroom for an hour and was n't responding to employee knocks .
Love later said in an interview that he went to the restroom because he had been sick to his stomach , and he did n't think he had been in there for more than a half hour .
The source said three officers were involved in prying the door open , and a fourth used the Taser .
The Police Department has not named those officers .
At no time did Love strike out or attempt to fight the officers , the source said .
Love , the source said , " was found to be confused and scared and had no criminal intent . "
Love 's behavior in the restroom was explained by his disabilities , and because the 37 - year - old had n't done anyone any harm , Lt. Kevin Rodgers should have ordered subordinates to take Love home or contact his family , the investigation found , according to the source .
After the officers took Love to jail , they attempted to charge him with resisting arrest , disorderly conduct and failure to obey a police officer .
The magistrate judge on duty refused to accept those charges .
Love 's family has said the police then took him home and left him in the parking lot without telling them where he had been or what happened .
Rodgers was placed on administrative duty shortly after the incident , where he remained Tuesday , pending a disciplinary hearing , according to the source .
Rodgers is a 14 - year veteran , according to the Mobile County Personnel Board .
Attempts to locate him Tuesday for comment were unsuccessful .
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : Philadelphia
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
This corn-fed Swedish boy was raised on a freaking farm in the middle of nowhere , but has more common sense than most because he had some first generation immigrant parents born in slums and farms in Europe around 1900 who still knew what was up .
So I 'll enlighten you .
I do n't believe in Race , it 's been scientifically discredited .
No one reads the paper or pays attention in school anymore , and the word still means something to the masses .
So here we go ;- European Americans : came from dirt , treated like slaves by rich masters and royalty , killed red men and farmed the land because it was a better living than starving to death as a serf owned by some inbred fucktard Duke of Whatsit back in the old country .
Finally got uppity enough to kill their masters and make a free society for themselves .
The rest of the story you know ; Irish and Italian and Pollack and regular old English and German , you know plenty about them and how they act .
Protestant , Catholic , whatever the flavor , there 's plenty written and filmed and televised about all of 'em .
Hated by ALL the rest of the races .
- African Americans : came from a tropical paradise or a jungle hellhole , depending on your point of view .
Got kidnapped by greedy Arab , Spanish , and Jew slavers .
Shipped to the New World , sold to greedy white English and Spanish assholes who wanted labor cheaper than the Irish and Scottish slaves that had gotten too uppity and were working their way towards a right to bear arms , vote , own land , etc .
Got ridden hard for a while like ALL of our people 's were for millennia , then got busted free by Northern bible thumpers and urbanites who were bigoted against southern white trash hillbillies .
Got a few breaks along the way through their own efforts and the help of liberal Quakers , Jews , and lots of other well - meaning white folks .
Got the hell out of the South if they could .
Still have an institutional memory of being treated like shit , and through Johnson 's ' great society ' and their own internal fears and bigotries remain today largely screwed , mostly by each other .
Feared by ALL the other races , loved by a few out of pity .
- Jews : started their religion 3 - 4 thousand years ago being told by Moses that they were a Chosen Race , chosen by God to be the best and brightest , richest , most badass , etc .
This religion was a natural reaction to getting ridden hard like slaves in Egypt .
They got the hell out of Dodge , fucked shit up in Canaan for a while , then got busted up eventually by the Romans , their own internal hippie revolutionaries like Jesus , and shipped out again all over the middle east and europe as slaves and serfs .
They kept their heads , though , and kept their money in the family , and honored all their whacky hocus pocus along with education and commerce .
Good for them , if they had n't looked out for themselves we would n't even know about 'em because they 'd all be dead or bred out .
They 'll sell you down the river in a heartbeat still today , but they 're rather honest about it , and their religion tells them to .
Blacks and other fuckups could learn a lot from Jews .
Hated by Blacks , mixed history with Whites .
- Latina / No / Hispanic / Mexistizo/Aztlatan :
Still have n't figured out what to call themselves .
The ones who are pure blood whites from Spain , such as Argentinans , know it and despise the darker ones mixed up with the red man .
Puerto Ricans get to look down on all the rest , too , because we own their island and they do n't have to wetback it into the country , they have a free pass here as a birth right .
ALL the rest of them are mestizos , they were invented the day that Columbus landed .
Spain never managed to kill all the red men , because there were way too many of them and they were too busy raping them and making half - half babies .
Mexicans celebrate Columbus day as Dio del Raza , Day of the Race .
They 're catholic , work like maniacs , do n't cause too much trouble on the east coast , are trying to take over the west coast like an old - school invasion , and will someday learn English , or will out - breed whitey and we 'll all have to learn Spanish .
Like army ants , they work hard and never ever stop .
They will inherit the earth .
Hated by Blacks , each other , and tolerated more and more by Whites .
-Asians , Yellow : got shipped in to build railroads and mine where there were no Blacks or Irish to do the job .
Eventually brought their families and , like the Jews , kept a low profile , built great communities for themselves , keep the money in the family , and sent the kiddos to college .
All the races could learn from these guys ; sort of army - ant like the LatiNo , but with patience to sit just about any shitstorm out for a thousand years and then come out from under the rubble with their pockets full of gold .
Hated by Blacks and fewer and fewer
Whites who 's granpappy done got his ass skewered back in Yang Moon and seen his buddy 's head explode over Margret Cho . - Asians , Brown : Indians and Pakis and Sikhs , oh my !
Billion year old histories with way too much caste system bullshit in their system .
They treat service staff like servants because that 's what they 're used to , if they 're rich .
If they 're poor , they act much like Yellow Asians , but are less pretty and more vulgar .
Do n't hide away in their own communities , assimilate pretty well .
Hated by : each other , Whites , Blacks .
- Arabs / Persians : behaved like princes , real royal pals , to Americans , until around the 60's when they got fed up with our support of Israel .
Now they 're scary , live by the sword , seduce Blacks into joining up , and require regular carpet bombing .
That is , except for the other 98 % of them who behave more like Brown Asians , which many of them actually are .
Hated by : ALL Jews ( they have to or mommy will spank them , it 's in the Bible ) , Whites .
-Recent European Immigrants : live and act like runway models , get laid all the time because of their sexy accents / exotic whatevers , then immediately assimilate or go back home in disgust at what we 're up to in the US .
Hated by : no one ever meets these people except other whites , who want to make a LOT of babies with them .
- Recent African Immigrants : Behave like Brown Asians .
Hard work , but bad odds .
Hated by just about everyone , because they 're Black , Immigrants , and native Blacks hate them the most because they 're proving that people with JET BLACK skin can get ahead in this country through hard work and discipline .
Throws the Native Blacks into a tizzy .
They thrive in places like DC , make communities for themselves , and are going to assimilate and be middle class by noon tomorrow .
I 'll do a followup on Greenlanders , Micronesians , and Finns some other time .
It 's late .
Now that the ENTIRE RACE PROBLEM is SOLVED , let 's all just be cool and get along , alright ?
Special thanks to a Jersey Jew named Craig :
Yesterday , after awaiting for long , it finally became official .
The slimmer , shadier and more rugged version of PS3 is out .
Few key Improvements / Features include –
– Size : 32 % smaller
– Energy Efficient : 33 % more efficient
– Weight – 36 % lighter .
– Cheaper @ $ 299
– Available Models : 120 GB ,150GB and a 250GB .
Physical comparison Slim vs. original Fat PS3 :
The shape is relatively unchanged .
We thought Sony shrunk it down by moving the PSU outside the body , like the Xbox 360 , but no , it ’s still the same .
There ’s no power brick .
Its power and eject touch buttons are changed to actual buttons ( an improvement , I think ) , and the USB ports are shrunk down to 2 .
Also gone are any of the card readers .
Because of the decreased size , the Slim is much less stable in vertical mode , which explains the $ 24 stand coming in September .
You also ca n’t twist the PS logo on the front to vertical orientation , like you could the PS3 fat .
( more images at bottom )
A good change is definitely the matted finish , but the decreased vents might mean that the slim is quieter and / or cooler .
We ’ll see once we start playing some games on it .
Audible comparison vs. original PS3 :
We tested the two consoles with GT game .
While the fans were pretty much the same between the two consoles , the disc drive is noticeably slightly louder on the PS3 Slim .
Using a decibel - meter app on the iPhone , the Slim got somewhere between 25 - 33 dB when playing the game , and the PS3 Fat got between 22 - 30dB .
It ’s not a huge difference , but you should remember that decibels are logarithmic , so every 3 decibels equals about double the loudness .
So if this thing is accurate — which it probably is n’t , since it ’s just an iPhone app — that ’s about twice as loud . 🙂
No Linux
What ’s even worse , you ’ll no longer be able to install Linux on the Playstation 3 Slim .
“ The new PS3 system will focus on delivering games and other entertainment content , and users will not be able to install other operating systems to the new PS3 system , ” Sony writes .
So if you ’re into Linux on your PS3 , you ’d better buy a regular model while they ’re still available – and you ’d be lucky , because those , too have had their prices slashed to 299USD / 299EUR .
On a happier note , at least we ’ll no longer have to endure the nonsense of people arguing that the PS3 will be the shining beacon of hope for alternative operating systems .
Firmware 3.0
While some of the features are great , most notably the new ‘ What ’s New ’ menus and updated friends list , we cant help but feel slightly disappointed with the update .
In most PS3 owner ’s eyes , firmware update 3.0 was meant to be the big one , and we all thought that Sony would finally announce in - game voice chat across games .
Sadly though , it was never to be .
Yes we like animated themes and an updated trophy system , but its still not a huge update .
Maybe it ’s just me being too greedy perhaps .
The most prevalent of the changes is a status bar in the top right of the screen , which shows your avatar , your user icon , what you are up to , and a mail icon , in case you have messages waiting .
Changes will make the friends list more friendly , with messages from your friends now appearing in their respective profiles .
The games and video categories of the cross media bar will now feature shortcuts to the PlayStation Store , reflecting downloadable content and related items available .
Premium themes , as seen in the video below , are animated themes that make your PS3 a bit more lively .
The most puzzling update , for me at least , is the new free and premium avatars , which will be showing up in your status bar .
What other uses will they have ?
Firmware 3.0 will be released on September 1st , according to Sony ’s PS3 Slim press release .
Checkout the video –
BRAVIA Sync
It ’ll also have a BRAVIA Sync feature that ’ll allow you to control the PS3 ’s XMB with your Sony TV remote as long as they ’re connected via HDMI .
And the TV will automatically turn off the PS3 when the TV goes off .
Images –
Video : Compairing the Fat vs. slim
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 0.0/10 ( 0 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
Wine Announcement
The Wine development release 1.1.24 is now available .
What 's new in this release ( see below for details ) : - Support for freedesktop file associations .
- Support for exception handling on 64 - bit . - Improved ARB shaders .
- Fixes for the FBO mode .
- Many listview improvements .
- Various bug fixes .
The source is available from the following locations : http://ibiblio.org/pub/linux/system/emulators/wine/wine-1.1.24.tar.bz2
http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/wine/wine-1.1.24.tar.bz2
Binary packages for various distributions will be available from : http://www.winehq.org/site/download
You will find documentation on http://www.winehq.org/site/documentation
You can also get the current source directly from the git repository .
Check http://www.winehq.org/site/git for details .
Wine is available thanks to the work of many people .
See the file AUTHORS in the distribution for the complete list .
----------------------------------------------------------------
Bugs fixed in 1.1.24 : 2720
File open dialog crashes in Micrographic designer 9042 Paradise Poker Client gives black desktop background - bug 10551
When emulating Sprint - Layout the mouse does n't catch obejects 10981 Anti-Grain Geometry GDI Demo does not run 11030 JIT fails to launch 11942 Trouble with actor 's shadow in " Journey to the Center of the Earth " 12137 Test Drive : Unlimited slow performance 12169 Supreme Commander : Black bar obscuring screen when fidelity > low 12183 EVE Premium 4.10.51200 does not render correctly with shadows on 12380 Support fd.o file type associations 12405 Crash at starting WISO Sparbuch 2008 13266 ArchiCad 11 installer : Crashes after extraction ( Java related ? )
13705 keyboard does not work in Trackmania Nations Forever 13917 Supreme Commander wo n't let me select high fidelity 13922 configure script produces misleading warning about libhal 14767 WGL_SWAP_METHOD_ARB attribute not implemented 15206 Trouble with symbolic stack dumps and Chromium 15371 HDR not rendered correctly ( e.g. in Rainbow 6 Vegas ) 15377 1.1.5 breaks d3d game that worked in 1.1.4 15457 Languages dialog is empty in inetcpl.cpl ( IMultiLanguage2_GetRfc1766Info ) 15878 Dogfood : Gimp 2.6 will not open images .
15925 World of Warcraft : Extreme FPS drop since 3.0.2 16115 jscript : field with has wrong type 16195 GetKeyNameTextW returns a wrong length 16267 Vista Winetest24112008 MSItest loop 16331 inetcomm : possible null pointer dereferences 16385 Photoshop CS4 interface does n't load 16506 some GUI feedback is needed when wine crashes 16521 With separate x-screens , windowed applications in the secondary screen are limited to resolution of primary screen 16609 Wine 's XDnD should support text / uri-list lines not ending in \r
16681 Adobe Photoshop CS4 fails to start , complains " Some of the application components are missing ... "
17433 Photoshop CS4 crash in unimplemented function gdiplus.dll.GdipMeasureDriverString 17437 ATI and EVE Premium : no models display / crashes on startup 17591 WISO MeinBuero 2009 trial segfaults in wintrust.dll 17600 MSOffice installer ( XP , 2003 , 2007 ) : msi crash in custom action 17681 mcm2
Help immediately exists ( Motocross Madness 2 ) 17914 Using
rather then \r
breaks HTTP RFC with HTTP_AddRequestHeadersW 18202 Programs show unhandled exception dialog on every run 18256 Quicktime 2 Unimplemented function olesvr32.dll.OleRevokeServer on exit 18516 Goldwave 5.25 File
Save dialog no longer has options for file format ...
18610 Quicken 2009 crashes 18617 Regedit can't import registry from standard input 18638 .NET 3.0 apps abort with : Call from to unimplemented function GDI32.dll.GdiEntry13 , aborting 18641 Adobe Lightroom 2.3 crashes on unimplemented function gdiplus.dll.GdipCreateHICONFromBitmap 18735 Photoshop CS4 crash in unimplemented function GdipGetVisibleClipBoundsI 18736 Photoshop CS4 crash in unimplemented function GdipDrawDriverString 18742 WoW : Icons under d3d are incorrectly desaturated 18797 CATIAV5R19 : Fails to install on Wine higher than 1.1.18 18798 Neuro - Programmer v2.5 unable to start 18809 Dragon Naturally Speaking 10 no longer installs 18811 Lexware : wine crashes during .
Net 2.0 SP1 Installation 18824
Thief 3 crashes when starting a new game 18841 Ghost Recon Installer Crashes 18882 Allow windows links ( .lnk ) to be handled by Wine 18895 Thief 3 crashes on closing .
18900 Wineserver crashes starting Team Fortress 2 18915 FAR Manager : crashes shortly after startup 18916
Thief 2 crashes when bringing up in - game menu 18925 OS X build broken
----------------------------------------------------------------
Changes since 1.1.23 : Alexander Nicolaysen Sørnes ( 1 ) : regedit : Fix reading from stdin .
Alexandre Julliard ( 47 ) : wininet : Always use a full URL for redirects , even with an absolute path .
user32 : Disable assert ( ) for the mingw build since mingw gets confused trying to import MessageBoxA .
kernel32 : Fix handling of %ws format for Unicode .
comctl32 : Avoid repainting a NULL link .
widl :
Do n't make the proxy virtual tables const if they use delegation .
server : Avoid a crash when trying to wait on a disconnected pipe client .
ole32 : Get rid of line feeds and tabs in traces .
kernel32 : Forward RtlUnwindEx to ntdll for x86_64 .
winebuild : Properly restore %rax and %rbx in call_from_regs on x86_64 .
rpcrt4 : Adjust the start of the proxy virtual table for stubless proxies .
opengl32 : Make the script default to version 1.1 . Remove the glGetLevelParameter stubs .
configure : Detect the appropriate form for the __ASM_GLOBAL_FUNC macro .
configure : Add .cfi_startproc /endproc directives to assembly functions if supported .
riched20 : Move the textHostVtbl definition to work around Mac OS X breakage with __ASM_GLOBAL_FUNC .
server : Restart at the head of the wait queue when we woke a thread , since this can modify the queue .
configure :
Make sure that gcc is recent enough for building 64 - bit code .
configure :
Add a macro to define an stdcall suffix in assembly code .
configure :
Add a macro to define an stdcall function in assembly .
msvcrt : Add appropriate stdcall decorations to assembly functions .
riched20 : Add appropriate stdcall decorations to assembly functions .
rpcrt4 : Add appropriate stdcall decorations to assembly functions .
hal :
Add appropriate stdcall decorations to assembly functions .
ntoskrnl.exe :
Add appropriate stdcall decorations to assembly functions .
kernel32 : Add appropriate stdcall decorations to assembly functions .
ntdll : Add appropriate stdcall decorations to assembly functions .
advapi32/tests : Avoid accessing an uninitialized pointer .
advapi32 : Fix self - relative security descriptor creation for 64 - bit.
ntdll :
Fix handling of self - relative security descriptors for 64 - bit .
msvcrtd /tests :
Fix calling convention for operator_new_dbg .
libwine : Add unwind annotations to the stack switching functions for x86_64 .
ntdll : Add unwind annotations to the call_entry_point function for x86_64 .
winebuild : Add unwind annotations to all the generated functions for x86_64 .
ntdll : Handle x86_64 signals on a separate signal stack .
winebuild : Implement a -- large - address - aware flag .
winegcc :
Add support for the - Wl , - - large - address - aware option .
ntdll : Implement stack unwinding for x86_64 builtin modules based on the Dwarf data .
include :
Add a target address for unwinding for platforms that need it .
ntdll : Add support for calling the TEB exception chain handlers on x86_64 .
server :
The ptrace interfaces uses longs , not ints .
kernel32 : Fix the HGLOBAL header size for 64 - bit.
ntdll : Simplify the thread startup routine and make it CPU - specific .
ntdll : Move all thread exit processing to exit_thread ( ) , and make RtlExitUserThread ( ) CPU - specific .
configure :
Do n't accept mingw32 as target name , we need an explicit CPU specification .
rpcrt4/tests : Fix the marshalling test for Win64 .
rpcrt4/tests : Fix the marshalling test for Win9x .
rpcrt4 : Fix memory sizes of marshalled pointers on 64 - bit.
urlmon / tests : Avoid comparing uninitialized structure data .
Anders Jonsson ( 8 ) : ntoskrnl.exe : Stub for KeInitializeMutex .
ntoskrnl.exe : Stub for KeWaitForSingleObject .
ntoskrnl.exe : Stub for IoInitializeTimer .
ntoskrnl.exe : Stub for IoStartTimer .
ntoskrnl.exe : Stub for ExInitializeResourceLite .
ntoskrnl.exe : Stub for ExInitializeZone .
ntoskrnl.exe : Stub for PsTerminateSystemThread .
ntoskrnl.exe : Stub for ExInitializeNPagedLookasideList .
Andrew Eikum ( 1 ) : gdiplus :
Test cases and parameter checks for GdipDrawCurve .
Andrew Talbot ( 8 ) : comctl32 : Constify some variables .
comctl32 : Constify some variables .
comdlg32 : Constify some variables .
credui : Constify a variable .
crypt32 : Constify some variables .
crypt32 : Constify some variables .
crypt32 : Constify some variables .
crypt32 : Constify some variables .
André Hentschel ( 10 ) : shell32/ tests : Fix error messages .
wordpad : Add German translation .
shell32 : Add German translation .
setupapi : Add German translation .
oleacc : Add German translation .
winedbg : Fix comment header .
cryptui : Add German translation .
cryptdlg : Add German translation .
cryptui : Improve German translation .
documentation : Keep README .de in sync. Aric Stewart ( 11 ) : msctf : Framework for ITfCompartmentMgr. msctf : Define ITfCompartmentMgr for ThreadMgr. msctf : Add ITfComponentMgr to documentmgr .
msctf : Define ITfCompartmentMgr for Context . msctf : Setup global CompartmentMgr. msctf : Implement ITfContext::GetDocumentMgr. msctf : Implement ITfThreadMgr::IsThreadFocus.
msctf : Contexts have a default DocumentMgr of the one that creates them .
msctf : Implement ITfCompartmentMgr:: ClearCompartment .
msctf : Implement ITfCompartmentMgr:: EnumCompartments .
comctl32 : In COMBOEX_FindStringExact do not try to get text from invalid items .
Aurimas Fišeras ( 4 ) : winemine : Add Lithuanian translation .
wininet : Add Lithuanian translation .
hhctrl.ocx : Add Lithuanian translation .
oleacc : Add Lithuanian translation .
Austin English ( 10 ) : mshtml :
Make the wine - gecko warning more clear .
winex11 : Return correct length for GetKeyNameText . wine .
desktop : Allow start to execute lnk files .
kernel32 : GetConsoleAliasW is a stub , make sure it acts like one .
configure : Fix mach-o/dyld_images.h detection on OS X. configure :
Add a note about missing dbus if libhal is missing .
oleaut32 : Fix a compiler warning for libjpeg includes .
gphoto2.ds :
Fix a compiler warning for libjpeg includes .
wine.inf : Fix incorrect entry for hh.exe .
wine .inf : Add placeholder exe for wordpad.exe .
Damjan Jovanovic ( 6 ) : winemenubuilder : Generate icons for Wine 's MIME types .
start.exe :
Add infrastructure to launch windows file open associations from freedesktop .
wine.inf : Update file type associations on startup .
shell32 : Update file type associations when requested .
winex11.drv :
Fix file drops on KDE4 and XFCE .
winemenubuilder : Log where freedesktop menu files are created , and provide an option to clean them up .
Detlef Riekenberg ( 12 ) : mlang / tests : Fix failures with IE 5.5 and below .
mlang : Implement IMultiLanguage2_GetRfc1766Info. mlang /tests : Add tests for IMultiLanguage2_GetRfc1766Info. mlang / tests :
Fix a failure on win98 with mlang 4.72 .
mlang / tests :
Store the expected results for GetRfc1766 Info as Unicode .
shlwapi : Forward DnsRecordSetCompare to dnsapi .
mlang : Implement IMultiLanguage_GetRfc1766Info. urlmon/tests : Move SecurityManager and ZoneManager tests to a separate file .
setupapi : Move IsUserAdmin to shell32.IsUserAnAdmin. urlmon/tests :
Fix a typo in an ok message .
mlang / tests : Some old IE versions truncate one character too short .
mlang : Implement IMultiLanguage_GetNumberOfCodePageInfo , with test .
Dmitry Timoshkov ( 4 ) : wine.inf : Add kernel32.48/kernel32.49 ( ReleaseThunkLock / RestoreThunkLock ) to the RelayExclude list .
user32 : Add support for SPI_GETFOCUSBORDERWIDTH and SPI_GETFOCUSBORDERHEIGHT.
user32 : Add a test for PeekMessage ( ( HWND ) - 1 ) , make it pass under Wine .
user32 : Invalidate button on WM_KILLFOCUS , like Windows does .
Eric Pouech ( 1 ) : dbghelp : Improve speed of our hashtable implementation by remembering the last element added to every bucket .
Francois Gouget ( 19 ) : cryptdlg & cryptui : Use SUBLANG_NEUTRAL for German . winedos : Move VGA_SetGraphicMode ( ) up a bit and make it static .
VGA_GetModeInfoList ( ) is unused so remove it .
winedos : DPMI_FreeInternalRMCB ( ) is not used so remove it .
winedos : DOSVM_GetTimer ( ) is not used so remove it .
gdi32/tests : Small indentation fix .
msctf/tests : Make EditSession_Constructor ( ) static .
msctf : Make the CompartmentMgr functions static .
gdiplus : Remove spaces before '
's. winapi / c_parser : Remove some dead code .
rpcrt4/tests : Replace malloc( ) with HeapAlloc ( ) .
cmd : Introduce a WCMD_strsubstW ( ) function to simplify string substitutions .
cmd : Replace malloc ( ) with HeapAlloc ( ) .
comctl32 : Extend the LVTILEINFO structure .
winapi : Fix a $ blevel / $ plevel mismatch .
wineesd.drv : Initialize the stream name before using it .
winweesd.drv :
Make sure esd_all_info is always initialized and freed when needed .
wineesd.drv : Remove a redundant assignment .
dmime : Remove patterntrack.c and tool.c as they are unused and do n't correspond to objects .
comctl32/tests : Make DummyCompareEx ( ) static .
Frank Richter ( 1 ) : d3d9 : Fix bitmask for A2R10G10B10 format .
Frédéric Delanoy ( 1 ) : documentation : Keep README .fr in sync .
Ge van Geldorp ( 1 ) : advapi32 : Set values to 0 in LsaEnumerateAccountRights .
Gerald Pfeifer ( 7 ) : user32 : Fix logic condition in SPY_DumpStructure ( ) .
winmm : Use & instead of && for bit test in wave_out_test_deviceOut ( ) .
wined3d : Use & instead of && for bit test in IWine D3DDeviceImpl_CreateSurface ( ) .
wined3d : Fix ( and simplify ) the ATI case in IWineD3DImpl_FillGLCaps. d3d9 : Use correct constant types ( WINED3DPOOL_DEFAULT instead of D3DPOOL_DEFAULT and WINED3DRTYPE_SURFACE instead of D3DRTYPE_SURFACE ) .
cmd.exe : Fix incorrect check in WCMD_HandleTildaModifiers ( ) . crypt32 : Fix incorrect logic condition in test_decodePKCSAttribute ( ) .
Guy Albertelli ( 2 ) : kernel32/tests : Fix tests when GetVolumeNameForVolumeMountPoint fails .
kernel32/tests : Fix tests to pass on Win9x and WinME .
Hans Leidekker ( 5 ) : msi :
Add some reinstall tests .
wintrust : Add stub implementations of HTTPSCertificateTrust and HTTPSFinalProv. wininet : Always create a URL cache entry .
wininet : Do n't fail if dwReserved is set in CreateUrlCacheEntryW.
wininet : Implement InternetQueryOption ( INTERNET_OPTION_CACHE_TIMESTAMPS ) .
Henri Verbeet ( 51 ) : wined3d : Add support for the ARB_depth_buffer_float extension .
wined3d : Use GL_DEPTH_COMPONENT32 F for WINED3DFMT_D32F_LOCKABLE .
wined3d : Use GL_DEPTH32F_STENCIL8 for WINED3DFMT_D24FS8. wined3d : Use context_attach_depth_stencil_fbo( ) to clear FBO depth attachments .
wined3d : Set FBO stencil attachments for relevant depth stencil formats .
wined3d : Avoid comparing shader compile args if the relevant shader is n't present .
wined3d : Simplify some code in set_glsl_shader_program ( ) .
wined3d : Do n't modify the internal format in d3dfmt_get_conv( ) .
wined3d : Get rid of the silly pointers in WINED3DVOLUME_DESC .
wined3d : Add some FIXMEs about blitting with unsupported fixups .
wined3d : Set explicitly sized internal formats for color key conversion in d3dfmt_get_conv( ) .
wined3d : Check the correct extensions in d3dfmt_get_conv( ) .
wined3d : Round rows up to whole blocks for compressed surface blits in BltFast ( ) .
wined3d : Store compression information about compressed formats .
wined3d : Use the format info for doing compressed surface blits in BltFast ( ) .
wined3d : Remove some redundant s3tc extension checks .
wined3d : Improve some TRACEs in init_format_fbo_compat_info( ) .
wined3d : Use the format info to calculate compressed surface size in IWine D3DDeviceImpl_CreateSurface ( ) .
wined3d : Use the format info to calculate compressed surface size in IWineD3DBaseSurfaceImpl_SetFormat( ) .
wined3d : Use the format info to calculate compressed surface pitch in IWineD3DBaseSurfaceImpl_GetPitch ( ) .
wined3d : Use the compressed format info in IWineD3DBaseSurfaceImpl_LockRect ( ) .
wined3d : Use WINED3DFMT_FLAG_COMPRESSED
instead of checking for specific formats .
wined3d : Remove the useless " resource_type " parameter from IWineD3DDevice :: CreateSurface ( ) .
wined3d : Respect the " srgb " parameter to IWineD3DSurfaceImpl_BindTexture ( ) .
wined3d : Avoid checking depth / stencil and compressed formats in init_format_fbo_compat_info( ) .
wined3d : Introduce surface_cleanup ( ) .
wined3d : Introduce surface_gdi_cleanup ( ) . wined3d : Introduce surface_init ( ) to handle most of the surface initialization .
wined3d : Introduce surface_calculate_size( ) .
wined3d : Get rid of the pointers in WINED3DSURFACE_DESC .
shdocvw : Take the riid parameter to TaskbarList_Create ( ) into account .
shdocvw : Add SHDOCVW_LockModule ( ) / SHDOCVW_UnlockModule ( ) calls to ITaskbarList .
d3d8 : Do some more verification on handles .
d3d8 : Deleting an invalid pixel shader handle should return D3D_OK .
d3d8 : Add tests for deleting invalid shader handles .
wined3d : Add format conversions for some depth stencil formats .
wined3d : Fix a typo .
wined3d : Fall back to backbuffer offscreen rendering if FBOs are unavailable .
wined3d : Only initialize unused components of varyings that are read .
wined3d : Avoid some unneeded depthstencil copies .
wined3d : Avoid some unneeded rendertarget copies .
wined3d : Make sure we have a context in stretch_rect_fbo( ) .
wined3d : Reuse the FBO for check_fbo_compat ( ) .
wined3d : Remove some useless code in IWineD3DDeviceImpl_SetLightEnable ( ) .
wined3d : Simplify IWineD3DSurfaceImpl_LockRect ( ) a bit .
wined3d : Remove a redundant ActivateContext ( ) call in IWineD3DSurfaceImpl_UnlockRect ( ) .
d3d8 : Add WINED3DFMT_W11V11U10 <=> D3DFMT_W11V11U10 conversion .
wined3d : Do n't load a rendertarget just because alpha test is enabled .
d3dx9_36 : Implement D3DXGetDeclVertexSize ( ) .
d3dx9_36 : Add a test for D3DXGetDeclVertexSize ( ) . d3d9 : Use color_match ( ) in the fog test .
Hib Eris ( 1 ) : msi :
Fix a crash when freeing memory .
Huw Davies ( 6 ) : widl :
Add support for the lcid parameter attribute .
widl :
Fix typelib lcid fields to match those produced by midl .
oleaut32 : TLibAttr.lcid is read from the second lcid field in the header .
Confirmed by manually editing a tlb file .
oleaut32 : Calling SetLcid with LOCALE_NEUTRAL is a special case which sets the first header lcid to US English and the second one to 0 . tools / widl :
Fix behaviour when both lcid and retval arguments are present .
oleaut32/tests :
Add some tests for [ lcid ] parameters .
Jacek Caban ( 2 ) : wininet : Fixed gzip decoding on chunked stream .
urlmon : Fixed test on IE8 .
Jonathan Ernst ( 8 ) : crypt32 : Updated French translation .
mshtml : Updated French translation .
notepad : Updated French translation .
regedit : Updated French translation .
setupapi : Updated French translation .
wordpad : Updated French translation .
reg : Updated French translation .
shell32 : Updated French translation .
Joris Huizer ( 1 ) : winemenubuilder : reg_get_val [ AW ] : Fix memory leak .
José Manuel Ferrer Ortiz ( 1 ) : winecfg : Spanish resources update .
Juan Lang ( 3 ) : wintrust :
Only check the pgKnownSubject member if the struct includes it .
wintrust : Check for the presence of required members of WINTRUST_BLOB_INFO rather than requiring callers to be compiled with the same SDK version .
wintrust : Check for the presence of required members of WINTRUST_CERT_INFO rather than requiring callers to be compiled with the same SDK version .
Ken Sharp ( 6 ) : gdiplus : Add stubs for GdipGetVisibleClipBoundsI , GdipDrawDriverString & GdipMeasureDriverString .
olesvr32 : Add OleRevokeServer stub .
ntoskrnl : Add ObfReferenceObject stub .
ntoskrnl : Add IoRegisterFileSystem stub .
ntoskrnl : Add IoUnregisterFileSystem stub .
ntoskrnl : Add FsRtlRegisterUncProvider stub .
Louis Lenders ( 1 ) : gdi32 : Add stub for GdiEntry13 .
Marcus Meissner ( 2 ) : widl : ifdef some not always present LANG _*. ddraw : Use correct union member .
Michael Abbott ( 1 ) : wined3d : Remove division from inner loop .
Mike Kaplinskiy ( 4 ) : msi :
Store temporary rows in the same place as persistent rows , just with a flag .
msi :
Add a test to insert a null primary key temporary row and check its order .
wininet : Make \r and
valid header separators .
wininet / test : Test malformed header separators .
Mikio Idneuma ( 1 ) : appwiz.cpl : Update Japanese translation .
Nikolay Sivov ( 25 ) : ntdll : Call NtCreateSection with NULL attributes loading native dll .
comctl32/ listview : Edit box should be destroyed on invalid index too ( LVM_EDITLABEL ) .
comctl32/ listview : Test showing that Edit box should be positioned after LVN_BEGINLABELEDIT .
comctl32/ listview : Position edit box after notification .
comctl32/ listview : Defaulting to NFR_ANSI on query failure .
comctl32/ listview : Use LV_VIEW _* constants instead of style .
comctl32/ listview : Revert column scrolling recent change , it should be handled differently .
comctl32 / listview : Fix item count tests to be dpi aware .
comctl32/ listview : Remove outdated todo entries .
comctl32/ listview : Test for indentation callback .
comctl32/ listview : Implement callback functionality for item indentation .
comctl32/ listview : Update some ListView structures with recently added members .
comctl32 / listview : Make item width calculation not rely on column order for LV_VIEW_DETAILS .
comctl32/ listview : Do n't use special value ( 1 ) for item width to represent both zero and one pixel width .
comctl32/ header : Update some Header flags and structures .
comctl32/ listview : Do n't offset item box to item position on LVS_EX_FULLROWSELECT if item is n't in leftmost column .
comctl32/ listview : Fix some hittest problems on LVS_EX_FULLROWSELECT .
comctl32/ listview : Do n't offset subitems on painting .
comctl32/ listview : Get rid of Header_* macros .
comctl32/ listview : Setting item text to callback stub value already having it raises item - change notifications .
comctl32/ listview : Block header items drag if LVS_EX_HEADERDRAGDROP
is n't set .
comctl32/ listview : Forward HDN_DIVIDERDBLCLICK to parent .
comctl32/ listview : Convert forwarded header notifications to ANSI if NFR_ANSI is current format .
comctl32 / listview : Fix test crashes on comctl32 < 5.80 .
comctl32 / listview : Add ability to test comctl32 version 6 .
Add basic LVM_ [ G, S]ETVIEW test .
Paul Vriens ( 36 ) : mshtml/tests : Correct a test and show a Wine bug .
mshtml/tests :
Use lstrcmpA in a helper function to make it work correctly on Win98 .
mshtml/tests : Correct another test .
mshtml/tests :
Use strcmp_wa instead of lstrcmpW to test correctly on Win98 .
kernel32/tests :
Only report unimplemented functions once .
winecfg : Fix Dutch translations .
setupapi/tests : pSetupGetField returns A or W string depending on OS .
msi/tests :
Make sure we only create one logfile .
riched32/tests : Fix some test failures on Win9x / WinME / NT4 .
riched32/tests : Fix a few test failures on Win9x , WinME and NT4 .
riched32/tests : Correct a test to better show the behavior .
riched32/tests : Fix a few test failures on Win9x / WinME / NT4 .
riched32/tests : Cater for differences between platforms .
riched32/tests : Fix test failures on Win9x , WinMe and NT4 .
mlang / tests : Fix a test failure on Win95 .
user32/tests : Skip some tests on Win9x / WinME .
shell32/tests : Fix a test failure on some Win95 boxes and NT4 .
gdi32/tests : Fix several test failures on Win9x / WinME / NT4 .
gdi32/tests : Fix some test failures on NT4 .
gdi32/tests :
Fix the last test failure on NT4 .
shell32/ tests :
Fix some test failures on NT4 ( and some Win95 boxes ) .
comdlg32/tests : Fix some typos .
comctl32/tests :
Fix some typos ( copy - paste ) .
shell32/tests : Fix a test failure on Vista .
shell32/ tests : Fix a test failure on Vista .
shell32/ tests : Fix a test failure on Vista and higher .
shell32/ tests : Fix some test failures on Vista and higher .
wldap32/tests :
Skip a test on older versions of wldap32 to prevent a crash .
shell32/ tests : Fix a test failure on Vista and higher .
shell32/ tests :
Fix some test failures on Vista and higher .
msi/tests : Fix test ( logical || with non-zero constant ) .
d3d8/tests :
Fix some tests ( logical || with non-zero constant ) .
msi/tests :
Fix some test failures on Win95 by using more A - functions .
mapi32/tests : Do n't run tests if ScInitMapiUtil ( ) fails .
mapi32/tests : Do n't run tests if ScInitMapiUtil ( ) fails .
mapi32/tests : Do n't run tests if ScInitMapiUtil ( ) fails .
Piotr Caban ( 13 ) : jscript : Added Date_getFullYear and Date_getUTCFullYear implementation .
jscript : Added Date_getMonth and Date_getUTCMonth implementation .
jscript : Added Date_getDate and Date_getUTCDate implementation .
jscript : Added Date_getDay and Date_getUTCDay implementation .
jscript : Added Date_getHours and Date_getUTCHours implementation .
jscript : Fixed hour_from_time and week_day functions .
jscript : Added Date_getUTCMinutes and Date_getMinutes implementation .
jscript : Added Date_getUTCSeconds and Date_getSeconds implementation .
jscript : Added Date_getUTCMilliseconds and Date_getMilliseconds implementation .
jscript : Added Date_setUTCMilliseconds and Date_setMilliseconds implementation .
jscript : Added Date_setUTCSeconds and Date_setSeconds implementation .
jscript : Added Date_setUTCMinutes and Date_setMinutes implementation .
jscript : Added Date_setUTCHours and Date_setHours implementation .
Rein Klazes ( 4 ) : gdi32 : Fix RectInRegion ( ) if right < left or bottom < top .
winedos : int21 , function 32h returns data in DS : BX , not DS : DX .
comdlg32 : Delay setting the initial size of resizable file dialog until the CDN_INITDONE notification has been processed .
comdlg32/tests :
Fix file dialog resize failures on NT4 and with tiny desktops .
Rico Schüller ( 1 ) : wined3d : Do n't allow a negative lock_count in buffer_Unmap .
Robert Key ( 1 ) : wined3d : Add missing HD 3400 renderer string .
Roderick Colenbrander ( 3 ) : opengl32 : Sync with the latest opengl 3.1 extensions and do n't export opengl32 1.2 functions .
opengl32 : Get rid of glext .h. wgl :
Get rid of glXQuery Drawable because officially it only works on GLXDrawables .
Stefan Doesinger ( 20 ) : wined3d : Unroll loops in ARB if needed .
wined3d : Implement break and breakc .
wined3d : Implement IFC in ARB .
wined3d : Use flags instead of bools to control shader_hw_sample .
wined3d : Implement texldd in ARB .
wined3d : Implement texldl in ARB .
wined3d : Implement vpos and vface .
wined3d : Use bitfields for reg_maps uses * members .
d3d9 : Accept an alternative oFog - > ps_3_0 handling .
wined3d : Fix texm3x3 pad. wined3d : Add modifier support to tex and friends .
wined3d : Implement D3DSPDM_PARTIALPRECISION
support .
wined3d : Deal with instructions that do not support _SAT .
wined3d : Properly free srgb textures .
wined3d : Properly load the y correction .
wined3d : Handle SM 3.0 varyings in ARB .
wined3d : Do n't run out of varyings because of clipplanes .
wined3d : Implement vertex texture fetch in ARB .
wined3d : Emulate clipplanes in ARB if the NV extensions are not available .
wined3d : Implement EvictManagedResources .
Stefan Dösinger ( 5 ) : wined3d : Store the bumpmap ARB constants in ARB structures .
wined3d : Implement loops with the NV extensions .
wined3d : Implement dsy in ARB .
wined3d : A small atifs bump map improvement .
wined3d : Do n't set unloaded arrays to zero .
Stefan Leichter ( 1 ) : kernel32 : Implement QueryFullProcessImageNameA. Stefan Stranz ( 1 ) : c2 man : Add xml documentation creation .
Vincent Povirk ( 7 ) : windowscodecs :
Add stub dll .
include : Add wincodec.idl .
include : Extend TVITEMEX and add NMTVDISPINFOEX .
comctl32 : Use NMTVDISPINFOEX in the TVN_GETDISPINFO notification .
kernel32/tests :
Test waiting on a disconnected client pipe .
gdiplus : Stub GdipSetPathGradientPresetBlend .
include : Add definitions needed for image decoding to wincodec.idl .
Vladimir Pankratov ( 1 ) : advpack : Add stub for ExtractFilesW . Yann Droneaud ( 1 ) : wined3d : Improved ATI Radeon HD 4xxx detection .
-- Alexandre Julliard julliard@winehq.org
11 May 2006
The worm tries to send pictures of an owl to attached network printers .
Experts at SophosLabs™ , Sophos 's global network of virus , spyware and spam analysis centers , have discovered a worm that attempts to send a photograph of an owl to attached network printers .
The W32 / Hoots - A worm is written in Visual Basic and spreads via network shares .
Once it has infected a computer it attempts to send a graphical image of an owl with the legend " O RLY ? " to a number of predefined print queues .
" This is n't the work of a professional virus writer .
Most malware authors these days encrypt their executables with packers in an attempt to make them harder to detect , this one does not .
It is also written in Visual Basic , which is unusual for a virus today .
But the smoking gun is that the worm has hardcoded within it the specific network paths to almost 40 different printers , " said Graham Cluley , senior technology consultant for Sophos .
" It appears this malware was written for a specific organization , by someone who had inside knowledge of their IT infrastructure . "
The phrase " O RLY ? " is internet slang for " Oh really ? " , and is often accompanied by a picture of a snowy white owl .
" Why the author should want to print out pictures of an owl is , of course , anybody 's guess , " continued Cluley .
Sophos has only received reports of the malware from one customer , and is working with the organization to provide more information which may help identify the creator of the worm .
Sophos recommends companies put in place a consolidated solution to defend against viruses , spyware and spam , and ensure that it is automatically updated as new threats emerge .
Cash for police work is dwindling at City Hall and in Washington .
Civilian members of the force are facing layoffs .
Station houses are not ideally staffed .
More than 1,000 officers remain assigned to counterterrorism duties .
At 1 Police Plaza , every transfer and promotion now requires the approval of Commissioner Raymond W. Kelly .
At the Police Academy , the flow of new recruits has slowed to a trickle .
Yet despite these challenges , crime is down in New York  more significantly than in several other big cities around the nation .
Murders , which hit 200 at the midyear point , are heading toward a new low .
( The peak was more than 2,200 in 1990 . )
That accomplishment has impressed many observers .
“ The stress that his department is under right now is enormous , ” Peter Vallone Jr. , the chairman of the City Council ’s public safety committee , said of Mr. Kelly .
Mr. Vallone said it was , then , remarkable that the police had been able to maintain , and even improve upon , critical aspects of crime fighting in recent years .
Given the reduction in the force ’s size , and the intensity of its efforts to combat everything from global threats to outbreaks of car thefts , the Police Department might well be at something of a crossroads .
So far , though , there have been no obvious outward signs of problems .
That said , not even the department ’s most senior officials deny that they have had to adjust and improvise as they have faced shrinking numbers of officers and civilian personnel .
One measure of that has been the department ’s increased reliance on a tactic known as predictive policing , trying to use crime statistics and other information to forecast where crime may pop up next .
Off the wall :
The astonishing 3D murals painted on the sides of buildings by a trompe l'oeil artist
Advertisement
At first glance , it looks as if some natural disaster has shaken away the walls of these buildings to reveal architecture hidden for thousands of years .
And at second and third glance , it looks like that too .
But these spectacular images are not the unexpected result of an earthquake .
Treasure trove : An Egyptian style mural adorns a wall in Los Gatos , California .
Pugh paints people into the mural to heighten the 3D effect
Greek tragedy :
But the Doric - style columns apparently exposed in this university hall are nothing but paint
The incredibly lifelike scenes are actually huge works of art , painted on the side of perfectly intact buildings .
Even that woman peering into the ruin above is not real .
The paintings , which have fooled many , were created by John Pugh , who specialises in trompe l'oeil - or ' trick of the eye ' - art .
He uses his skills to delude the viewer into seeing 3D scenes painted on flat surfaces .
The Californian - born artist said : ' It seems almost universal that people take delight in being visually tricked . '
His works can been seen all over the world , including in the artist 's home state .
The ' earthquake ' work shown here is located on Main Street in the town of Los Gatos and was created following a genuine earthquake in 1989 .
The temple - like interior apparently exposed features jaguar gods , regarded as the creators of earthquakes by the Mayans .
Wonder wave : John Pugh 's Mana Nalu mural in Honolulu .
Fire crews rushed to save the children from the mighty wave - before realising it was an optical illusion
Blurring the lines : A mural entitled Art Imitating Life Imitating Art Imitating Life , at the Cafe Trompe L'oeil , in San Jose , California
Another picture is of Taylor Hall at the California State University , Chico , where Pugh studied .
The mural features Doric - style Greek columns behind the seemingly shattered wall and is called Academe .
Another work , featuring a colossal wave about to crash on to a pavement in Honolulu , Hawaii , took two months of studio work to plan and a further six months to execute with the help of 11 other artists .
It features Queen Lili'uokalani , the last monarch of the Hawaiian Islands with Duke Kahanamoku - the ultimate father of surf .
The scene is so realistic that just as it was near completion , it attracted the attention of the fire brigade , which stopped its truck in the middle of traffic .
Mr Pugh said : '' They jumped out to rescue the children in the mural .
They got about 15 feet away and then doubled over laughing when they realised what it was . '
Having a cow : Valentine 's Day , a mural unveiled during the Global Mural Conference in Twentynine Palms , California
Trick of the eye : John inserts a passer - by into the mural painted in Santa Cruz , California , entitled Bay in a Bottle , who is watching the ocean scene
Take a pew :
This looks like a nice spot to rest your weary feet on a sidewalk in Sarasota County Health Center , Florida
Artist 's impression : John Pugh hard at work .
He is currently working on murals for a police station in California and a recreation centre in Calgary , Canada
This is the desired effect and Pugh enjoys the community - bonding properties of his public works .
He works on a large scale in public and residential areas and his paintings can be seen all over the world from New Zealand to Hawaii - with many telling a story of the area where they are positioned .
Pugh is used to people 's amazed reactions when they pass his murals .
He said : ' They say " wow did you see that .
I thought that was real . "
' Public art can link people together and stimulate a sense of pride within the community .
' These life - size illusions allow me to communicate with a very large audience .
' It seems almost universal that people take delight in being visually tricked . '
Pugh is currently working on a mural for a police station in California and also one for a recreation centre in Calgary , Canada .
Our firm is worlds apart from lawyers who handle hundreds of cases and settle them for pennies on the dollar .
Our firm devotes whatever resources are necessary to fully investigate each case and prepare it for trial .
Defense attorneys know we are fully prepared to take cases to trial and follow through on appeal , when necessary .
If it is a civil case , we can handle it – no matter what kind of case .
We ’ve handled them all very successfully – everything from business torts , whistleblower and class action cases to premises liability , car accident , trucking accident , auto & tire defect , nursing home , wrongful death , and environmental contamination cases .
At Butler Wooten & Peak LLP , we do not take cases just so we can talk our clients into accepting whatever crumbs insurance companies and other defendants throw at them .
Our opponents in the courtroom know that fact as well , and they know that a case involving Butler Wooten & Peak LLP wo n’t be settled for pennies on the dollar .
Our Atlanta personal injury lawyers are at home in the courtroom in Georgia and fully equipped to take cases to trial to protect your legal rights .
Before you hire a law firm , you should ask what that firm has accomplished in cases like yours in the past .
Only then will you know whether the lawyers at the firm are prepared to achieve the best result in your case .
At Butler Wooten & Peak LLP , our results set us apart .
Our reputation for successfully handling complex cases helps drive our great results .
We are dedicated to getting our clients the best possible result , whether by verdict or settlement .
Why Choose Butler Wooten & Peak LLP as Your Firm ?
Butler Wooten & Peak LLP is the firm to retain for the best odds of securing maximum compensation to help you cover medical bills , property damage , and other expenses .
Our case results speak for themselves .
No law firm in Georgia or throughout the Southeast United States can match our incredible 30 - year record of success .
In the fight for justice and compensation , our lawyers are in your corner .
Choose our firm to represent your case for the following reasons :
Years of Experience
Educated lawyers are important , but nothing replaces experience .
Real , hands - on experience helping clients , going to trial , and getting verdicts is a must if you want the best possible results .
Our attorneys have decades of combined legal experience .
One of the founding partners , James E. Butler , Jr. has litigated cases in 30 states , setting records for the largest verdict in several of them .
We have the years of practice you need for total confidence in our skills and methods .
A Record of Success
We understand your need to find a firm that can get you the result you want , especially if you ’re suffering a lifelong injury with hundreds of thousands of dollars in medical bills .
Butler Wooten & Peak LLP goes the extra mile to ensure its clients obtain top results .
Our lawyers have secured millions of dollars for injured accident victims .
The firm has also won awards , honors , and national recognition for its outstanding success .
“ Pay Nothing Until We Win ! ”
We take pride in this slogan , which shows what our clients truly mean to us .
We know hiring a lawyer is n’t in everyone ’s budget .
We ’re changing that .
When you retain our firm , you do n’t pay a cent unless we win you a financial award .
If we do win , we automatically deduct our attorney ’s fees out of the settlement or judgment we secure for you , based on a pre-agreed upon commission percentage .
When hiring Butler Wooten & Peak LLP , you ’ve done more than invest in an attorney .
It shows you ’ve done your research , compared a few different attorneys in Atlanta , GA , and concluded we ’re the best choice .
Retaining our firm can relieve the burden of legal matters from your shoulders after a serious injury .
We ’ll take care of everything on your behalf , from conversations with insurance claims adjusters to negotiating a better injury settlement .
Get to Know Our Legal Professionals
Retaining Butler Wooten & Peak LLP means signing on for a firm of lawyers , paralegals , and assistants who are dedicated to your case .
You ’ll speak to a lead attorney right from the start .
Our firm ’s partner attorneys all have impressive track records and reputations of excellence in the community .
Get to know our lawyers to see the leaders you ’ll be working with .
Here are a few facts about three of our partners :
James ( Jim ) E. Butler , Jr.
Jim set the record for the largest verdict in Georgia in four different practice areas : medical malpractice , product liability , truck accident , and business tort .
Jim was lead counsel on the largest collected judgment in U.S. history : $ 454 million in a business tort case .
Read his bio for more information .
Joel O. Wooten
Joel is a legal professional has experience in a range of practice areas and specialties , including engineering , science , and medicine , in addition to law .
He ’s handled major cases for companies such as the Georgia Farm Bureau and Coca Cola .
He ’s earned recognition , including a position on Georgia Super Lawyers and “ Most Influential Georgians . ”
Read his bio for more information .
Brandon L. Peak
Brandon is a Georgia Super Lawyers Rising Star with a five out of five Martindale - Hubbell rating .
He has secured more than $ 1 billion for his clients in verdicts and settlements since joining the firm .
Brandon has been involved in some of the largest trucking , product liability , personal injury , whistleblower , professional negligence , and class action cases in Georgia history .
He served as lead counsel in a record - setting $ 280 million trucking verdict in 2019 .
He was part of a legal team that recently won a consumer class action against credit insurance companies for $ 225 million cash settlements .
Read his bio for more information .
Tedra L. Cannella
Tedra is a Georgia Super Lawyer who is passionate about standing up for her clients against those responsible for their injuries .
She has successfully fought insurance companies , governmental entities , and some of the largest corporations in the word to obtain justice for the people she represents .
Tedra has a wide range of experience in the types of cases she has handled , including wrongful death , truck accidents , and other automotive collisions , defective products that cause injuries , and breach of fiduciary duty and trust .
She is regularly asked to lecture on complex legal issues and trial strategy .
Read her bio for more information .
Robert H. Snyder , Jr.
Rob is a Georgia Super Lawyer with an AV Preeminent Martindale - Hubbell rating .
He has helped secure over $ 120 million in compensation for his clients since joining the firm .
Rob has a diverse background in the law and has handled whistleblower , product liability , auditing and accounting malpractice , business tort , and securities claims .
Read his bio for more information .
Our lawyers have set the bar for the number and size of verdicts the courts have awarded our clients and the amount they have collected .
We ’ve built a consistent string of successes by putting the client first .
We fight for our clients as if they were our family members , not stopping until we win .
We Are Prepared to Do What It Takes to Win Full Justice !
Since 1988 , our attorneys at the Georgia law firm of Butler Wooten & Peak LLP have been dedicated to helping injured people , grieving families , and other individuals and businesses obtain full justice through our aggressive , sophisticated approach to litigation .
Our results speak for themselves .
Our Atlanta attorneys have successfully represented clients in more than 30 states across the country .
We have set records and broken our own records , like with our cases with auto defects .
If you are looking for lawyers with a reputation for getting results , do n’t hesitate to contact us .
Where are the Deadliest Roadways in Georgia ?
– Our New Study Has Been Published !
We recently published a new study about the deadliest highways and roads in Georgia with the highest concentrations of vehicle fatality , car accident , and auto accident .
You can find the study here .
We have also been featured on the local news regarding this study , including Atlanta ’s CBS 46 .
Schedule a Free Consultation !
You should not have to settle for less than full justice and compensation for your injuries or financial losses .
To discuss your case with one of our attorneys , call our Atlanta office at ( 404 ) 321-1700 , our Columbus office at ( 706 ) 322-1990 , or Savannah office at ( 912 ) 443-4036 or toll free at ( 800 ) 242-2962 or contact us online today !
Sea monsters are the new zombies , at least according to Quirk Books , the publisher of this year 's surprise hit Pride and Prejudice and Zombies .
Quirk , whose remix of Jane Austen pitted the Bennet sisters against hordes of flesh - eating undead , has announced that the new title in its series will be Sense and Sensibility and Sea Monsters .
The book , which Quirk said would be 60 % Austen and 40 % tentacled chaos , sees Elinor and Marianne Dashwood contending with giant lobsters , rampaging octopi , two - headed serpents and other ferocious sea monsters as they set out on their quest for love .
As in Austen 's original , Marianne first meets Mr Willoughby when he rescues her , but instead of being saved from bad weather and a sprained ankle , this time it 's from a giant octopus .
" As she lay gasping on the bank , soaked by the fetid water and the foul juices of the monster , spitting small bits of brain and gore from the corners of her mouth , a gentleman clad in a diving costume and helmet , and carrying a harpoon gun , ran to her assistance , " write Austen and her new co-author , Brooklyn writer Ben H Winters .
" The gentleman , opening the circular , hinged portcullis on the front of his helmet , offered his services ; and perceiving that her modesty declined what her situation rendered necessary , took her up in his arms without further delay and carried her down the hill . "
Quirk is so sure of the book 's appeal that it is going head - to - head with Dan Brown 's much - anticipated new novel The Lost Symbol , publishing Sense and Sensibility and Sea Monsters in the UK and the US on the same day : 15 September .
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies has sold over 50,000 copies in the UK and 600,000 in the US since publication in April , sparking a new trend for what Quirk has dubbed the " literary monster mash - up " .
Other publishers have rushed to jump onto the bandwagon , and this autumn will see publication of both Queen Victoria : Demon Hunter – subtitled She Loved Her Country ; She Hated Demons - and I am Scrooge : A Zombie Story for Christmas .
" Marley was dead .
Again , " says its publisher Orion .
" Will the ghosts of Christmas Past , Present and Future be able to stop the world from drowning under a top - hatted and crinolined zombie horde ? "
Seth Grahame - Smith , meanwhile , the author of Pride and Prejudice and Zombies , signed a deal worth a rumoured $ 500,000 ( £ 300,000 ) in April with Grand Central to write the life of Abraham Lincoln , vampire hunter .
But vampires and zombies are old news , according to Quirk .
" A couple of publishers are crashing Jane Austen vampire novels that will no doubt capitalise on the success of Pride and Prejudice and Zombies , and there were certainly plenty of people who urged me to do the same , " said editorial director Jason Rekulak .
" But I think Pride and Prejudice and Zombies fans are counting on us to deliver something original , and I do n't think they will be disappointed . "
Rekulak said earlier this week that he had always wanted to do a mash - up of a famous literary novel .
" I thought it would be funny to do a ' new and improved ' version of a classic that kids are forced to read in high school , " he told Publishers Weekly .
" So I made a list of classic novels and a second list of elements that could enhance these novels — pirates , robots , ninjas , monkeys and so forth .
When I drew a line between Pride and Prejudice and zombies , I knew I had my title and it was easy to envision how the book would work . "
Lady Gaga clearly had something dangling between her legs at the Glastonbury festival in England .
I may be wrong but it sure as hell looks like it was a penis to me .
This should n’t come as a big surprise to anyone .
Lady Gaga is definitely ugly enough to be a tranny , and from the lyrics in her songs she is definitely slutty enough to be one as well .
Here is the video evidence for you to judge for yourself .
Listen to what “ it ” mumbles when “ it ” gets off the bike .
The penis makes its appearance at the 1:12 – 1:14 mark .
Roaming text charges have not been capped in the EU before
The cost of sending text messages from your mobile phone when you are overseas in the European Union has come down .
The maximum charge for sending a text is now 11 euro cents ( $ 0.15 ; 9.4p ) plus sales tax .
It is the first time that text charges have been capped .
The previous EU average was 28 cents .
The price of making a call is capped at 43 cents a minute , down from 46 cents , while the price of receiving a call is capped at 19 cents , down from 22 cents .
" The roaming - rip off is now coming to an end , " said EU Telecoms Commissioner Viviane Reding .
The cost of transferring a megabyte of data is capped at one euro .
Also , mobile operators have been forced to charge for calls by the second after the first half minute , instead of rounding up to the nearest minute .
Many mobile operators have fought against the new caps , which are expected to significantly reduce their profits from roaming charges .
WHEN 72 - year - old Katsuyoshi Fujii shuffled into a Tokyo court on August 3rd with a rope tied around his waist , having confessed to stabbing a neighbour , his fate was all but sealed .
Crime may be exceedingly low in Japan but anyone who is prosecuted almost inevitably ends up behind bars .
The conviction rate for all prosecutions is 99 % and confessions — made in police custody without a lawyer present — are almost as common .
But on this occasion , for the first time since 1943 , citizens from outside the legal profession stood in judgment of Mr Fujii , alongside professional judges .
These “ lay judges ” not only help determine innocence or guilt but punishment too .
They can even order the death penalty , though Mr Fujii got 15 years .
This is a big change for Japan , where , according to Takashi Maruta of Kansei Gakuin University , trials have long been “ ceremonial ” , with lots of legal jargon and little questioning by judges of police evidence .
Citizen juries were suspended during the second world war because eligible jurors , men over 30 , were away fighting .
After a spate of executions of innocent people in the late 1980s , pressure mounted to bring civilians back into the courtroom .
Some legal scholars such as Mr Maruta wanted American - style juries ; what they got was a fudge in which lay judges sit alongside the professionals .
The experiment will , however , be studied by other Asian countries such as South Korea and Taiwan that share aspects of Japan 's system .
In a society of hierarchy and deference towards authority , laymen will rarely dare to argue with professional judges .
Opinion polls suggest a large majority of Japanese people are loth even to take part in a trial .
That said , in Mr Fujii 's case , the judges took the unusual step of cross-questioning the accused and the victim 's son .
More than 2,000 people showed up to get tickets for the trial .
It may be an imperfect way to democratise the judicial process , but it looks like a step in the right direction .
With Japan about to hold an election that could end 55 years of almost uninterrupted one - party rule , the more ordinary citizens can fill the power vacuum by taking part in public life , the better .
Close X Information
Reddit Experiment
That 's all - you 've already done what was required of you ;)
Thank you for your participation
U.S. Rep. Maxine Waters ( D - Los Angeles ) said she would refuse to vote for a healthcare reform package that did not include a provision for creating a government - run medical insurance plan that would compete with private insurers -- a statement that drew loud cheers Saturday at a town hall meeting at Los Angeles Southwest College .
The statement appeared to illustrate hardening lines in the battle over healthcare reform in Congress .
Waters voiced dismay with comments made by White House officials last week that have been widely perceived as backing down from the so - called public option .
“ President Obama has been trying to reach across the aisle ” to win a compromise with Republicans , Waters said .
“ It is not going to happen . ”
Then Waters made a public appeal to Obama .
Advertisement
“ The people of this country elected you and gave you a Democratic majority in the House and the Senate .
. . .
Yes , we know that you are a nice man , that you want to work with the opposite side of the aisle .
But there comes a time when you need to drop that and move forward , ” Waters said .
“ We ’re saying to you , Mr. President , ‘ Be tough .
Use everything that you ’ve got .
Do what you have to do .
And we have your back . ’ ”
The town hall meeting was notable for those who did n’t show up : enraged hecklers adamantly opposed to healthcare reform , who have disrupted similar events across the country .
Linda Krausen , a South Pasadena resident who attended a contentious town hall in Alhambra earlier this month , marveled at the difference .
In Alhambra , “ it was such a shouting match , ” Krausen said .
“ I could actually understand what ’s on the table here . ”
Waters reserved her most searing critiques for Senate Democrats who have not embraced the public option .
Advertisement
“ Not only are we going to do everything we can to organize and put pressure on the senators -- some of whom are Neanderthals -- we ’re going to say to the president , ‘ We want you to use every weapon in your basket in order to get those senators to do what they should be doing , ’ ” Waters said .
The town hall meeting was held in an area of the county that is home to impoverished neighborhoods that have long struggled with inadequate access to healthcare .
The need for healthcare services was vividly illustrated in the last two weeks when thousands of people lined up for hours at the Forum in Inglewood at an eight - day free health clinic .
The crowds were so large that many in need were turned away .
Joseph Price , an emergency medical technician from Pico Rivera who volunteered at the Forum , was upset that so many had to depend on chance to find healthcare .
Advertisement
“ It should n’t have to be a matter of winning the Lotto , ” Price told the town hall .
Some attendees at the meeting , while supporting reform , were worried that they were not winning broad support for the public option .
One man noted that Waters expressed her vision for healthcare reform by going over more than a dozen key points , and said that the complicated rationales for healthcare reform were making it difficult to win converts .
“ This is not an easy idea ” to argue , the man said .
“ The question is , how do you simplify the message ?
Until it gets simple , how can you win the debate ? ”
There was no easy answer .
Advertisement
“ Every day , we ’re working to try to refine the message , ” Waters said .
--
ron.lin@latimes.com
As the baby boomer generation grows older , the need for home care options is in demand .
Unlike the previous generation , baby boomers prefer to age in place , more so than their parents .
This phenomenon is the reason why over a million homes in the U.S. are not on the market .
This trend presents a real opportunity for entrepreneurs who want to move into the home care space .
It ’s also an excellent opportunity for former healthcare professionals to channel their entrepreneurial spirit .
Are you ready to discover the possibilities of home care ?
Learn how to start a private home care business in this step - by - step guide .
1. Get Certified
Experience matters in the home care industry .
That ’s why it ’s an ideal sector for former healthcare professionals .
Your first step is to get certified in home care .
There are several certifications you can pursue .
Start with certifications from the National Association for Home Care and Hospice .
They have an NAHC executive program designed for leaders like yourself .
You ’ll also need Medicaid and Medicare certifications .
These certifications allow your business to accept Medicaid and Medicare payments .
Start this process early , as it can take up to a year to qualify .
2. Create a Home Care Business Plan
You have the home care expertise , but do you have the business savvy to make your idea work ?
Sit down and write a business plan that considers every little detail .
Start with these details :
Company description
Market analysis of the home care industry
Operations framework
Management model
Description of services offered
Home care equipment needs
Marketing and sales strategy
The financial outlook for the business
A business plan will help you visualize your business and goals .
You ’ll also need a business plan if you want to obtain a bank loan for your company .
3. Find Business Funding
Your next step is to generate capital .
You need enough starting capital for a commercial office , equipment , staff , business licensing , home care software , and marketing .
You may be able to operate your home care business from your own home , which can save you money on office space expenses .
There are a few ways to get business funding .
You can start with a major bank .
If you want a bank loan , you ’ll need to perfect your home care business proposal .
You could also try private lending sources and high - risk loans if you do n’t have the credit background for a regular business loan .
4. How to Start a Private Home Care Business in Your State
The next step is to register your home care business with your state of residence .
You will need to get a home care license to operate in your state .
This step is also required if you want to accept Medicare and Medicaid .
Every state has its own set of requirements for home care businesses , so research accordingly !
5. Promote Your New Home Care Business or Agency
Your last step is to attract clients .
As a home care provider , you ’ll want to target families of aging parents and seniors themselves .
Use market research to create your “ ideal client ” profile .
Plan your marketing campaigns around this target profile .
Use high - converting strategies for this demographic , including email marketing , direct mail marketing , SEO , and even outbound calling .
Discover the Business Potential of Home Care
Do n’t sleep on the potential of home care .
Learn how to start a private home care business with this simple starter guide .
Make sure your business has the resources it needs to grow .
Visit the blog to discover even more tips and tricks for busy entrepreneurs .
Visit AnyEveryville
or
If you care to join My Mini City , please do so by clicking thelink .
We are currently noticing a slight rise in unemployment .
Click to increase our POPULATION Click to increase our INDUSTRY
Music Producers Guild Event June 2005 video feature .
The MPG held an event at London 's British Grove Studios to compare analoge with digital recording .
Three digital contenders battled against the heavyweight 16 track 2 inch Studer A800 .
Watch this video feature .
You can't just accept what other people tell you is the best format , so many people have opinions and so many articles are written that it's not easy to know which is best without h earing for yourself .
To help clear up the analoge v digital debate , the MPG held a very interesting comparison of four recording formats .
The Pro Tools , Nuendo and Radar digital systems slugged it out with their arch enemy , the analoge Studer A800 running on the 16 track block that is legend in engineer circles .
The MPG set up this event at Briish Grove bringing 3 top session musicians to record on the four formats .
The first thing noted was that the levels required by analoge machines was too much for the digital machines so a little tweeking was needed .
A few people observed that to make the most of the analogue machine it should have been Dolby SR at 15 ips but in this case with was non Dolby at 30 ips .
We wo n't say any more , you need to watch the video to find out how it went .
It runs for under 15 minutes but requires a broadband connection and QuickTime 7.0 , you can go here to get it if you do n't have it .
Many thanks to all of the people that were involved , MPG , Pip Williams , Tony Platt , Hayden Bendall and all of the other key people too numerous to mention - err , we forgot to take their names !
Special thanks to the chaps of British Grove , the kind owner , Dave Stewart and Dave Harries .
This comparison session was not totally scientific and we are totally neutral regards the competing formats , none of whom advertise with us !
Feature produced June 2005
Album covers can often prove to be a great source of design inspiration .
Like any other type of graphic design , there are a wide variety of different styles that can be used effectively .
In this post we will feature 35 album covers with inspiring use of typography and text effects .
No Doubt : Rock Steady
The Killers : Day and Age
P.O.D. : Greatest Hits
Pillar : Where Will We Go From Here ?
Lee Morgan : The Rumproller
The Chemical Brothers : Push the Button
The Hives : Tyrannosaurus Hives
The Hives : Black and White
Portishead : Third
Pink Floyd : The Wall
The Beatles : 1
AC / DC : Back in Black
The Clash : London Calling
Metallica : Ride the Lightning
Coldplay : Viva La Vida
Norma Jean : O God , The Aftermath
Green Day : 21st Century Breakdown
Paramore : Riot !
A Perfect Circle : Mer de Noms
DJ Shadow : The Outsider
Spank Rock : YoYoYoYoYo
Radiohead : In Rainbows
Van Halen : II
The Sex Pistols : Never Mind the Bollocks
The Who : Then and Now
Lambchop : Nixon
Blood , Sweat & Tears : Greatest Hits
Yeah Yeah Yeahs : Show Your Bones
Daft Punk : Discovery
AFI : Sing the Sorrow
The Rolling Stones : Rolled Gold +
Blindside : Blindside
Chicago : 13
Danko Jones : Sleep is the Enemy
Third Day : Revelation
Mr Chavez has denounced Colombia 's planned accord with the US Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has accused Colombia of carrying out a military incursion into Venezuela .
Mr Chavez said Colombian soldiers had recently been seen crossing the Orinoco river , which forms part of the border , and entering Venezuelan territory .
He said the incursion - which Colombia denies happened - was a " provocation " .
South American leaders are gathering in Ecuador for a summit which is set to discuss Colombia 's planned accord to allow the US use of its military bases .
Mr Chavez has been embroiled in a diplomatic row with his Colombian counterpart , Alvaro Uribe , since news of the plan emerged .
' Growing threat '
During his weekly TV show on Sunday , Mr Chavez ordered his troops on to a war footing along the border with Colombia .
The Yankees have started to command Colombian military forces
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez
Colombia 's rocky regional relations Uribe tours region over US pact " The threat against us is growing , " he said .
" I call on the people and the armed forces - let 's go , ready for combat ! "
He said Colombian soldiers had " crossed the Orinoco river in a boat and entered Venezuelan territory " , but when Venezuelan troops arrived , they had gone .
" This is a provocation by the government of Uribe , " he said .
" The Yankees have started to command Colombian military forces . "
Venezuela 's foreign ministry would file a formal complaint , he added , warning that its military would " respond if there 's an attack " .
The Colombian foreign ministry said it had been in contact with its military commanders in the border area , who said there had been no such incursion .
Mr Chavez , who is now in Ecuador for the inauguration of President Rafael Correa and a summit of the Union of South American Nations ( Unasur ) , is expected to urge his allies in the region to press Mr Uribe to reconsider the planned accord with the US .
LATEST DISPUTE 15 Jul : Colombia says deal close to make Colombia regional hub for anti-drug operations 28 Jul : Chavez freezes ties with Colombia , recalls ambassador amid row over base plan , and after Colombia says Farc rebels had Venezuelan weapons 4 Aug : Uribe tours South America to explain planned US accord 5 Aug : Chavez announces trade measures against Colombia 7 Aug : Chavez says he is sending ambassador back to Colombia 9 Aug : Chavez denounces Colombian ' incursion ' .
Colombia says commandos in Vichada and Guania departments near the border deny any incursion Ecuador , which has no diplomatic ties with Colombia , and Bolivia have also attacked the plan .
Other countries in the region , including Brazil , have sought guarantees that US - Colombian military operations will not spill over Colombia 's borders .
The US is leaving its previous regional hub , the Manta air base in Ecuador , after Mr Correa refused to renew the lease .
The deal with Colombia would give the US , which already has forces in the country as part of the anti-drugs programme Plan Colombia , access to air bases in Colombia to gather intelligence and support operations against drugs production and terrorism .
Mr Uribe has said the accord will not infringe Colombia 's sovereignty and that there would be no more than 1,400 troops and civilian contractors based there , the maximum permitted under the current military accord between Colombia and the US .
Correspondents say this is not the first time tensions have risen between the Venezuelan and Colombian presidents .
Last year , a war of words culminated in the Venezuelans despatching tanks and heavy armour to the border .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Video :
See an exploding water droplet Video :
See an exploding water droplet
The short lifetime of a raindrop is a complicated and explosive affair , physicists have revealed .
Using high - speed video footage they have solved a longstanding conundrum of what determines the size of raindrops .
A century ago , physicists put out sheets of absorbent paper in showers to record raindrop size , and discovered a surprising variety .
Most are under a millimetre across , but others span 5 mm – and providing rainfall level is constant , drops exhibit the same variation in every shower .
But over the intervening years , no one has been able to explain why this should be .
The favoured explanation has been that the large water droplets produced by clouds collide with one another to release watery shrapnel that produces the abundant smaller droplets seen at ground level .
Diesel clue
This explanation has its problems , though , Emmanuel Villermaux at Aix -Marseille University in France points out .
Advertisement
Even in a heavy shower there may be only a few thousand drops in every cubic metre , and at most a few tens of collisions between these droplets on their way to the ground from a cloud 1 kilometre up .
“ That ’s not enough for a stable distribution [ of droplet sizes ] , he says .
High - speed footage captured by Villermaux and colleague Benjamin Bossa at the University Institute of France in Paris suggests a more unexpected explanation .
They think individual droplets inflate and then explode to create the smaller droplets so common at ground level .
The pair got the idea from the unusual but well known transformations of fuel droplets travelling at high speed in diesel engines .
As they travel , drops flatten from a sphere into a pancake - like disc ; this catches passing air and inflates like a liquid parachute that eventually explodes in a shower of smaller droplets .
Eye on the sky
“ Nobody had made the connection with rain , ” says Villermaux .
The researchers used a high - speed camera to record the way a large water droplet falling into an upward jet of air goes through the same process .
When they measured the size distribution of the droplets resulting from the explosion , they found it matched the results expected from rainfall .
The next step is to demonstrate that the same phenomenon occurs with real rain drops falling from the clouds .
“ Surveys are on the way , ” he says .
“ [ Researchers ] are adding high - speed cameras to airplanes flying through precipitation .
The evidence will come . ”
Journal reference : Nature Physics ( DOI : 10.1038/nphys1340 )
Men are responsible for most cases of domestic violence , but women are three times more likely to be arrested for incidents of abuse , research reveals today .
A report into domestic abuse and gender by Bristol University found that the majority of cases involved alcohol misuse , that women were more likely to use a weapon to protect themselves and that children were present in the majority of cases .
Previous research has shown that the vast majority of domestic violence perpetrators recorded by the police are men ( 92 % ) and their victims mainly female ( 91 % ) , with many more repeat incidents recorded for male than female perpetrators .
While the majority of incidents of domestic violence recorded by the police involve male - to - female abuse , little is known about the nature of incidents where men are recorded as victims and women as perpetrators , nor about the circumstances where both partners are recorded as perpetrators .
The new study , by professor Marianne Hester of the University of Bristol 's school for policy studies and carried out on behalf of the Northern Rock Foundation , looked at 96 examples from 692 " perpetrator profiles " tracked from 2001 to 2007 .
The research looked at 32 cases where women were the aggressors , 32 where men were in that role , and 32 where it was both partners .
It found that 48 % of the cases were related to couples still in a relationship , 27 % involved violence after separation and the rest involved couples in the process of splitting up .
Some 83 % of men had at least two incidents recorded ; one man had 52 .
In contrast , 62 % of women recorded as perpetrators had only one incident recorded , and the highest number of repeat incidents for any woman was eight .
Men were significantly more likely than women to use physical violence , threats and harassment , and to damage the women 's property ; women were more likely to damage their own .
Men 's violence tended to create a " context of fear and control " , the researchers said , whereas women were more likely to use verbal abuse or some physical violence .
But women were more likely to use a weapon , although this was often to stop further violence from their partners .
All cases with seven or more incidents , most of which involved men , led to arrest .
But in general , women were three times more likely to be arrested : during the six - year period , men were arrested once in every 10 incidents and women arrested once in every three .
Issues of divorce and child contact were common in " dual perpetrator " cases , and also included the greatest number of instances where both partners were heavy drinkers .
Children were present in 55 % of cases when the violence or other abuse took place .
In cases involving post - separation violence , problems of child contact were cited in 30 % of cases .
Hester said : " Both men and women can be violent , but there are significant differences in the way men and women use violence and abuse against their partners and also the impact of such behaviour .
" This needs to be taken into account if we want to ensure greater safety for individuals .
The research has crucial lessons for the criminal justice system in this respect . "
Read between the lines ( Image : Martin Lee / Rex Features )
EVERY generation has some form of relationship with the internet , but for the older members of society , boosted computer use may have a surprise benefit : it could provide a warning that they may be experiencing the subtle early signs of dementia .
Lisa Vizer and colleagues at the University of Maryland , Baltimore County , say the first signs of age - related cognitive problems , or a degenerative condition like Alzheimer ’s , might be detectable using software that monitors telltale variations in an individual ’s typing patterns .
The researchers say that warnings of a possible cognitive dysfunction could improve …
Posted : August 10th , 2009 | Author : Brandon Walkin | Filed under : Design | Comments Off on Managing UI Complexity
Interface complexity is an issue every designer wrestles with when designing a reasonably sophisticated application .
A complex interface can reduce user effectiveness , increase the learning curve of the application , and cause users to feel intimidated and overwhelmed .
I ’ve spent the past year redesigning a particularly complex application with my primary focus being on reducing complexity .
In this article , I ’ll go over some of the issues surrounding complexity and techniques that can be used to manage it .
Progressive Disclosure
Progressive disclosure is the most popular means of managing complexity .
The idea is that clutter and cognitive overhead can be reduced by hiding less frequently used elements behind some avenue of accessing those elements , like a mouse click or a keyboard shortcut .
It requires that the designer accurately determine which elements are frequently and infrequently used and to what degree .
Quite a bit of care needs to be put into the progressive disclosure hierarchy and the mechanisms used for disclosure .
Poorly considered use of progressive disclosure can achieve the opposite of the intended effect by making the interface even more complex .
As an example , Microsoft Windows has been trending towards removing the menu bar from individual windows and instead packing each function into the main interface ( often using pull down menus ) , which has some issues .
I ’ll go over a few of them :
There are inconsistent ways of accessing common functionality .
The Print function , for example , is in different locations in both the application ’s interface and the progressive disclosure hierarchy .
The Print controls in Internet Explorer , Contacts ( Windows Explorer ) , and WordPad are highlighted in the screenshot below , to illustrate this .
Competing first - party Mac applications ( Safari , Address Book , and TextEdit , respectively ) have the Print function available in a consistent location – the last item in the File menu .
A user who learns how to print in one of those Mac applications wo n’t have to hunt to find the Print function in other applications .
It ’s a “ learn once , use everywhere ” model .
There ’s a tendency to overwhelm the user with progressive disclosure points .
The default Internet Explorer interface ( with Windows Live installed ) has a total of 17 pull down buttons – highlighted below .
Further , all of these progressive disclosure controls require screen real estate .
As more screen real estate is occupied by administrative actions , less is dedicated to displaying the actual content of the application ( which , in this case , are webpages ) .
Contextual Actions
This is a form of progressive disclosure where contextually appropriate controls are exposed on a particular object .
The most common implementation are contextual menus , activated on the Mac by a right - click or a control - click .
While contextual menus are a consistent and useful way of revealing contextual actions on objects , they ’re hard to discover , which makes them inappropriate for workflow - critical actions that necessitate greater weight in the interface .
The standard way to give these actions greater weight is to integrate them in your interface by providing the set of contextual controls in front of or near each object .
Complexity is increased substantially , because the set of controls is repeated for every object on screen .
We can get rid of most of this complexity by using a different progressive disclosure technique .
Controls can be displayed on a single object if the object is selected , the object has focus , or when the mouse is over the object .
This solves the complexity issue since there ’s only one set of contextual controls being shown at a particular time , but it ’s not without its downsides .
Consider whether this sort of technique is appropriate for your interface before deciding one way or the other .
Alignment & Visual Hierarchy
Aligning elements in a user interface to a simple , consistent grid , will go great lengths in reducing the appearance of complexity .
The use of strict alignment and a thoughtfully laid out grid can turn an interface from chaotic and overwhelming to harmonious and appealing .
Some compelling examples are the inspectors in Microsoft Expression Blend and Adobe Lightroom .
While a host of factors are responsible for the Expression Blend inspector looking considerably more complex than the Lightroom inspector , the rough horizontal alignment is certainly a primary one .
The horizontal alignment lines have been drawn in red to illustrate the differences .
The examples shown above also demonstrate the effectiveness of the techniques used in each interface to indicate hierarchy .
The Lightroom inspector has very strong visual distinctions between section headings and their contents .
Headings are prominent .
Set in large type with generous padding and a relatively high contrast foreground - background color combination , sections , headings , and the relationships between them are immediately clear .
Visual Noise & Contrast
The amount of visual noise in an interface has a great deal of impact on the perceived complexity of the interface .
And contrast plays an important role with respect to visual noise .
Using lower contrast UI elements reduces visual noise which will often reduce the effective complexity of the interface , as you ’ll see in the next couple of examples .
The Address Book UI eschews fields with relatively high contrast borders in favour of fields with borders that are only visible if the field has focus .
This causes the fields to blend in with the rest of the interface .
The Create Contact window in Entourage 2008 uses the standard window background color and standard text field styling which contributes to the interface looking more complex than the Address Book interface .
As another example , I ’ve taken the Filter window in Aperture 2.0 and mocked up what it would look like with the transparent controls from iLife ’08 ( and parts of iLife ’09 ) with high contrast edges instead of the relatively low contrast controls that it shipped with .
The UI I ’ve mocked up looks notably more complex than the shipping interface because of the higher contrast controls .
Simply adjusting the styling of your controls can have a considerable impact on complexity .
Use of Icons
Interfaces widely regarded as complex with high learning curves are often characterized by an abundance of icons or glyphs that lack descriptive labels .
When a user opens an application for the first time with an interface covered in label - less glyphs , it can be quite daunting .
Every icon with a non-obvious meaning will have to be learned for the user to feel any sort of mastery over the application .
This is a difficult problem to solve .
There often is n’t room for a label to sit next to an icon , and in many cases there is cost involved in replacing an icon with a label ( mainly , users will not be able to quickly scan the interface for the icon ) .
Deciding when to use an icon , a label , or both , is an art all in itself .
Nevertheless , here are some tips for those faced with this issue :
Revamp your icons so they convey their meaning more effectively .
Improve metaphors , adjust sizes , colors , etc .
Use grouping to imply meaning .
Grouping related icons together can often provide sufficient context to imply their function .
Using progressive disclosure , place less often used icon- only buttons in a pull down menu with both icons and their labels .
A nice benefit of this is that the user will learn the meaning of each icon when they use the pull down menu , and if the menu is designed to be used early on in a user ’s experience with the application , you can get away with using those icons without labels in other places in the app ( since the user will have already learned their meanings at that point ) .
Mental Models
A great way to reduce effective complexity is to align the conceptual model expressed by your interface with your user ’s mental model as closely as possible .
A poorly thought out model contributes to complexity by adding a significant amount of cognitive work that your users have to perform to learn your interface .
The recurrence UI in Windows Calendar , for instance , reflects the developer ’s model of the task rather than the user ’s model .
Take a look at the second set of radio options in this screenshot :
What ’s the “ 28th last day of the month ” ?
What ’s the “ 4th last Tuesday of the month ” ?
How long did you spend trying to work that out ?
These options feel complex because the language used and functionality that ’s represented does n’t reflect your understanding of repeating events .
Combat this issue by researching how your users conceptualize relevant tasks so your models are intuitive .
You can read more about mental models in the HIG .
Use your Judgement
Finally , use your own judgement .
There are costs associated with nearly every technique I ’ve listed here .
Carefully consider each technique in the context of your interface and determine which are most appropriate for your application and how best to apply them .
By Ian Pannell
BBC News , Kabul
Mr Karzai was elected president of Afghanistan in 2004
The US special envoy to Afghanistan has held an " explosive " meeting with Afghan President Hamid Karzai over the country 's election , the BBC has learnt .
Richard Holbrooke raised concerns about ballot - stuffing and fraud , by a number of candidates ' teams , sources say .
The US envoy also said a second - round run-off could make the election process more credible , the sources said .
Concerns have already been raised about Afghanistan 's election , although final results are not due until September .
A number of senior sources have confirmed the details of a meeting between Mr Holbrooke and Mr Karzai held on 21 August , one day after the election .
The meeting was described as " explosive " and " a dramatic bust - up " .
Mr Holbrooke is said to have twice raised the idea of holding a second round run-off because of concerns about the voting process .
Other leading candidates : Ramazan Bashardost
108,000 ( 10.8 % ) Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai
28,000 ( 2.8 % )
Winning candidate needs more than 50 % of votes to avoid a run-off
Afghan ' row ' worries Ashdown
The trials of election monitoring
He is believed to have complained about the use of fraud and ballot stuffing by some members of the president 's campaign team , as well as other candidates .
Mr Karzai reacted very angrily and the meeting ended shortly afterwards , the sources said .
However , a spokeswoman for the US embassy in Kabul denied there had been any shouting or that Mr Holbrooke had stormed out .
She refused to discuss the details of the meeting .
A spokesman for the presidential palace denied the account of the conversation .
There have been many doubts raised about the Afghan presidential election , about the turnout and irregularities .
But this is the first time that a leading Western official has apparently expressed it quite so openly .
It will raise more questions about the credibility of the whole process and could well make the plan to establish a meaningful government in a stable country all the harder to achieve .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Yesterday a vulnerability was discovered : a specially crafted URL could be requested that would allow an attacker to bypass a security check to verify a user requested a password reset .
As a result , the first account without a key in the database ( usually the admin account ) would have its password reset and a new password would be emailed to the account owner .
This does n’t allow remote access , but it is very annoying .
We fixed this problem last night and have been testing the fixes and looking for other problems since then .
Version 2.8.4 which fixes all known problems is now available for download and is highly recommended for all users of WordPress .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Email
The Department of Defense has identified 764 American service members who have died as a part of the Afghan war and related operations .
It confirmed the deaths of the following Americans on Thursday and Friday :
ARGENTINE , James D. , 22 , Lance Cpl. , Marines ; Farmingdale , N.Y. ; Third Marine Expeditionary Force .
BABINE , Travis T. , 20 , Lance Cpl. , Marines ; San Antonio ; Third Marine Expeditionary Force .
GARCIA , Anthony C. , 21 , Petty Officer Third Class , Navy ; Tyndall , Fla . ; Third Marine Division .
GUZMAN RIVERA , Christian A. , 21 , Cpl. , Marines ; Homestead , Fla . ; Third Marine Expeditionary Force .
HOSKINS , Jay M. , 24 , Sgt. , Marines ; Paris , Tex . ; Third Marine Expeditionary Force .
Recently by Gerald Celente : The Bailout Bubble — the Bubble to EndAllBubbles
Trends 2000 Gerald Celente Best Price : $ 1.79 Buy New $ 10.90 ( as of 03:15 EST - Details ) Empire America is on the verge of collapse .
Its social , economic and political systems are failed and failing .
The measures taken by successive governments to save the politically corrupt , morally bankrupt , physically decrepit giant from collapse have served to only hasten its demise .
While the decline has been decades in the making , the acceleration of ruinous policies under the current Administration is leading the United States — and much of the world — to the point of no return .
The “ green shoots ” sighted by Field Marshal Bernanke this past spring were a mirage .
The 2010 economic “ recovery ” predicted by the same experts , authorities and financial boy scouts and cheerleaders who did n’t see the economic crisis coming is pure delusion .
By 2012 , even those in denial and still clinging to hope will be forced to face the truth .
It will be called “ Obamageddon ” in America .
The rest of the world will call it “ The Greatest Depression . "
Gerald Celente is founder and director of The Trends Research Institute , author of Trends 2000 and Trend Tracking ( Warner Books ) , and publisher of The Trends Journal .
He has been forecasting trends since 1980 , and recently called  The Collapse of ’09 . 
The Best of Gerald Celente
Death Squad Blackwater Accused of Creating ' Killing Program '
A memo obtained by SPIEGEL indicates that cooperation between the CIA and private security firm Blackwater was deeper than previously known .
SPIEGEL has uncovered further details about a plan to set up squads for targeted killings of suspected al - Qaida leadership in Afghanistan .
The web in 1996
Back in 1996 the web was in its infancy ; people referred to the new technology by its full name – the World Wide Web – and connected to it by noisy modems , tying up the phone line as they did .
A page took minutes to load ( using Internet Explorer 3.0 ) , and you paid for your internet connection annually , as well as by the hour !
Google was just an idea in 1996 – a research project by Larry Page – and Yahoo ! was king of the search engines .
When you searched for a site on Yahoo ! , you searched a directory of websites that was built by real humans ; Yahoo !
employees would painstakingly review submissions and rank them manually .
1996 is also when BFI was born – originally as Big Fish internet .
A bit like looking fondly through old computer games of the 80’s , we take a look through the websites of 1996 and marvel at how far we ’ve all come :
The Websites :
CARSON , Calif .  Brian Deegan and his band of freestyle motocross riders called the Metal Mulisha wore black and were covered in tattoos .
They brawled , cursed and stirred up trouble .
In their sport , they were the bad guys .
So when Deegan was baptized , he wondered what his fans would think .
After a near - fatal crash in 2005 while attempting a back flip during filming for a television show , he lost a kidney and four pints of blood , and found religion .
When a surgeon told him he might not survive , Deegan , 34 , who has won more freestyle motocross medals at the X Games than any other rider , made a pact with God .
If he lived , he would mend his ways .
When he finally pulled through , he sought a pastor , began reading the Bible and “ gave his life to Christ , ” he said .
Soon his fellow freestyle riders Jeremy Lusk , Ronnie Faisst and Jeremy Stenberg , who is known as Twitch , began attending Bible study with Deegan .
“ All the heavy hitters of the Mulisha are born - again Christians , ” Deegan said .
“ I started tripping .
‘ What are the fans going to think ? ’
I started getting nervous . ”
Click on the image to see how curiosity trumps all , even life as we know it , in this TOE web find .
What does the red button symbolize ?
What does it say about human nature ?
Are these 197 clicks constructive or meaningless ?
Food for thought .
Existentialism .
Mirrors .
Red buttons inside boxes .
** Just so you ’re not confused : roflmao means “ rolling on the floor laughing my ass off ” , and the qxz means that it ’s so funny the person hit random keys on the keyboard while he / she rolled around laughing .
Share TOE ► Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
More
Print
Pocket
Tumblr
Reddit
... I do n't see your point
Are you trying to prove that the Bush administration suppressed scientific research ?
If so , you ’re going to need to provide a substantially greater amount of proof than polls .
Are you trying to spread the idea of conservatives as being anti-academic , or anti-science ?
In which case , would n’t the results on voter beliefs on science contradict that claim ?
As to the “ conservatives in the mist ” segment of your diary , I do n’t overly concern myself with group polling .
I do n’t think that the fact that blacks vote Democrat , that the military votes Republican , or that ( not Native American ) Indians vote Republican automatically lead to the conclusion that Dems are anti-military or anti-Indian , or that Republicans are anti-scientist or racist .
In reality , there are several plausible explanations for the results indicated in the polls ( assuming that the methodology is sound ) .
As such , such data is only useful as an interesting anecdote , and not in my preferences for policy .
Neoclassical monetarist economic policies encourage the development of a strong economy with high potential for growth , and that includes science and technology - related investment .
Also , aggregating all scientific fields to prove your “ point ” is an amateur move , as the “ soft sciences ” are much more partisan than harder sciences , esp. Engineering , Physics , and the like .
In most science - related articles
the author concludes with calls for “ more government funding ” to continue exploration of the topic .
I assume that if you spend hours and hours on grant proposals when you ’d much rather be in the lab doing research , you ’re not going to identify with us tightwad Republicans .
It 's been quite a while since I 've seen a true - blue " conservatives in the mist " diary
So let ’s get down to nuts and bolts - when the Obama adminstration suppresses dissenting views on global warming climate change , is that a bad thing ( as when the Bush administration allegedly did that ) or is that just a necessary silencing and suppression of heretics who dare to challenge a new scientific orthodoxy ?
Your answer to that question will establish whether you believe in the old fashioned scientific method as a path to determining objective truth , or whether you agree with the predominant doctine today that science is simply a tool to leverage a post - modern political agenda that rejects objective scientific truth .
Your question on the military and overwhelming support for R's ...
is indeed PROOF that the Dem ’s are out of touch with the military and have been since Vietnam .
The Military likes to get the job done without interference from the Congress and yet while they were no longer militarily engaged in Vietnam they watched as the Democrat Congress pulled the funding ensuring that people that helped them in anyway were slaughtered by the millions .
The military in more recent times watched as those who were at war with us were treated by Dem ’s as a police action instead of the war it was ie : 92 Twin Towers , Somalia , and well you know the rest .
So in conclusion I am saying that yes the military MISTRUSTS D’s as they should and with regards to Science the fact that Scientist ’s consistantly want Government Spending which I believe makes their conclusions biased would not make a GREAT fit for Republicans .
You 've obviously already made up your mind
So why do you waste our time and bandwidth ?
You ’ve never spent a day in the military yet you talk of the indoctination of military recruits .
Where ’s your evidence ?
Get lost moby .
I 'd wonder about the internals of that poll
12 percent of scientists identified as Republican ?
What was the total number of Democrats and Republicans polled ?
I ’m guessing that this poll way oversampled Democrats and way undersampled Republicans ; whether intentionally or due to bad polling techniques it ’s impossible to tell .
to determine party affiliation
He 's not returning anyway .
This is a partisan political site , not a therapy session for Democrats and liberals desperate to convince themselves that they are n’t bad people , really .
So I have , in fact , been banned from Redstate for this post ( a link I can no longer access from home ) about the Pew poll showing a minuscule 6 % of scientists identifying as Republicans ( 12 % with leaners ) .
Moe Lane , an administrator , replaced most of my post with a youtube video and replaced my headline , " What 's up with the Pew Poll ? 12 % of Scientists identify as Republican " with a generic " What 's up with Democrat Spending ? "
This is what I originally wrote - just some numbers pulled from the Pew poll and a few very reasonable questions asking what they think about it .
Since I was banned , I 'd like to respond here to some of the commenters I got over at Redstate who tried to question the legitimacy of the poll , ( and also , I 'd like to respond to Moe and his banning " rationale " ) .
Aesthete says
This last point is absolutely false .
The scientists are broken into four groups : Biological and Medical ( 1,255 ) , Chemistry ( 348 ) , Geosciences ( 154 ) , Physics and Astronomy ( 229 ) .
So much for the " amateur move . "
As for the questions - no , I do n't think polling constitutes proof that the Bush Admin .
suppressed evidence , I think the fact that the Bush Admin suppressed evidence constitutes proof that they suppressed evidence .
And yes , I am trying to " spread " the idea of a disjunction between conservative thought and mainstream scientific thought , since it 's supported by polling and ought to be discussed by people who do n't seem to want to believe it 's true .
Uma Ritcie says I originally mistook this comment for a claim thatstudy ends by calling for more funding , and struggled in vain to find the part of the report where this occurs .
It was , however an attempt to dismiss the report based on a lazy generalization , that 's not even appropriate in this case because Pew does n't take money from the government civil_truth says I had n't heard of " conservatives in the mist " before .
It apparently comes from a Jonah Goldberg article about the condescending practice of treating conservatives as poor , clueless creatures who do n't know better ; the quiet background premise being that this is not a legitimate observation .
Goldberg 's article is now meme-ified , which provides a handy defense mechanism should anyone suggest a divergence between conservative thought and mainstream thought in any context .
As for the question - I would agree provided the report in question were actually " suppressed " rather than unsolicited .
So , I 'm glad ( I guess ? ) to have proven my commitment to objective scientific truth .
JadedByPolitics says JadedByPolitics appears to agree with the premise that polling a community for their approval of the political parties is a legitimate measure , or " PROOF , " of whether those parties are " out of touch " with said community .
Which apparently means they think Republicans are in some meaningful way " out of touch " with mainstream science .
Vegas_Rick says ( " Moby " is a term they use at Redstate for liberals who come to Redstate and pretend they are conservative . )
I base it on my experiences with one close friend and three or four casual friends who have each joined different branches , as well as my own personal thought that soldiers need to believe the war they are risking their lives for is a war worth fighting and Republicans tend to always have reasons why wars are worth fighting .
Finrod says
The total number of scientists polled was 2,533 .
I understand the notion of separating out Republicans , Democrats and independents in a poll , asking them questions , and then weight - adjusting their answers to compensate for over / under sampling and show the public 's perspective on a given question .
But I 'm not sure where the idea comes from that you can weight - adjust the party affiliation numbers when the purpose of the question wasFinally , site administrator Moe Lane says
He certainly has me figured out .
I ask them to account for the reported gulf between mainstream science and their Republican party because I feel guilty about Republicans who support policies injurious to the country because of their scientific illiteracy .
Well , Moe , as long as you agree that every accusation you ever make of " bias " and " partisanship " is by your own admission hypocritical partisan garbage , that 's fair enough .
But even a partisan site secure in its message stands to benefit from a little introspection and self criticism .
In Australia 's wine regions , many growers have abandoned their vineyards , and others are contemplating doing the same .
It is normally the time of year when growers would be watching their vines for the first signs of life and getting ready to water them .
But an oversupply of grapes , a lack of water and dwindling export markets are pushing them out of the industry .
Dougal Leslie from the Murray Goulburn area in Victoria has been growing wine grapes for 15 years , but this season he has abandoned his crop .
" You have got a severe water shortage down here , " he said .
" Unless it rains in our catchment areas , we may only end up with 20 per cent of our water allocation by February .
So all in all I just felt there was no hope .
" The wife and I decided it was pointless carrying on so we just decided to sell our water allocation , sell all the machinery , and I 've just gone and got a job . "
The wine industry estimates that more than 2,000 growers will be forced off their farms - a quarter of the industry - in the next two years .
The executive director of Wine Grape Growers Australia , Mark McKenzie , says last year saw a reversal in major export markets , which was compounded by the global financial crisis .
" We find ourselves in a situation where our plantings are overheated , " he said .
" Even looking optimistically at the likely renewal of market growth , it is unlikely that we are going to be able to soak up all of the vineyard production and wine production flows from that . "
It is not just the high Australian dollar forcing the industry out of lucrative markets like the United States and the UK .
Emerging wine countries such as Chile , Argentina and South Africa are producing cheaper wine and flooding those markets .
" We 've lost about $ 650 million worth of export value over the last 18 months or so , " Mr McKenzie said .
" Particularly when in markets like the UK , you have every wine - producing nation on earth competing in that market place .
Extremely competitive , extremely price sensitive , and , of course , with a government that continues to increase excise on imported wine products . "
He also says the tax incentives and managed investment schemes which lured people to the industry during the 1990s have made the situation worse .
" That got driven by tax policy and of course , off the back of that , we as a grape - grower group have called on the Government to put a moratorium on further managed investment schemes in the vineyard sector because we simply do n't have any need for additional plantings at this point , " he said .
The industry hopes it can survive these hard times but Mr Leslie is not so sure .
" The people in the know seem to think that we needed to cut our tonnage by nearly half so that means half the vineyards in Australia have got to go somewhere , " he said .
" I do n't think anybody is making any money to maintain their vineyards in the meantime . "
In this presentation , aimed at students in engineering , science and technology , I present some personal thoughts on what is expected in a technical report .
Aimed particularly at students about to write their first lab report , it also contains useful information for students who need to write a dissertation or a software design document .
It relects what I like to see in a report when I am marking it , but some of the principles are general I think .
Within the constraints of the medium , I have also tried to present this it in much the same way that I would expect a report to be presented .
Comments welcome .
ornament-2-hr-r
As of 26th August we are pleased to announce we are able to recommence delivery of our training courses in line with the current government guidelines .
Freire is a three - time world champion Spaniard Oscar Freire and New Zealand 's Julian Dean were both hit by pellets from an air gun during Friday 's 13th stage of the Tour de France .
Rabobank 's Freire had a pellet removed from his leg while Dean , who rides for Garmin - Slipstream , was hit on a finger .
" Oscar heard three shots and then felt a sting .
A small shot was removed , " said a Rabobank team spokesman .
" Julian has a minor injury on his finger , but he was able to finish , " said Garmin spokeswoman Marya Pongrace .
French police are hunting two teenagers and have contacted both riders for their accounts of the events .
" This is the work of a pistol or an air gun , " Colmar prosecutor Pascal Schulz said .
" According to one of the riders , [ the shots ] would have been the work of two youths aged between 16 and 17 who were hiding behind a tree . "
Both riders started Saturday 's 199 km stage to Besancon .
" It 's past now , it 's forgotten , " Freire said on Saturday .
I just heard shots and my leg hurt as if I 'd been stung by a bee
Julian Dean
" I still have a little bit of pain but the team doctor told me it would not be any worse than the pain of riding for 200 kms .
" I suppose this is the sort of thing that can happen on a race which takes place in the middle of the public , " he added .
Freire was hit in the thigh while Dean was struck on the left index finger .
" I just heard shots and my leg hurt as if I 'd been stung by a bee , " Dean said .
" I 'm always thinking about my safety up here on the roads but I do n't have to think too much about it , I 'll just try to stay focused on the race . "
The two teams filed a complaint over the incident .
An investigation has been opened into a possible crime of voluntary violence with a firearm - an offence that carries a three - year prison sentence and a fine of 45,000 euros .
The 200 km stage from Vittel to Colmarstage was won by Cervelo rider Heinrich Haussler , the first stage win of his career .
Italian Rinaldo Nocentini continues to wear the leader 's yellow jersey .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Apple says it 's not to blame for a series of exploding iPods and iPhones , according to a report published on Friday .
The company has been under fire , so to speak , for devices overheating and shattering across Europe and the U.K .
Sheesh ... and you thought the data rates were bad .
Exploding iPhone Investigation
This exploding iPhone business is no laughing matter :
The European Union actually launched a formal inquiry last week after a teen in France said his girlfriend 's iPhone screen blew up without warning and sent a shard of glass into his eye .
Witnesses told a local paper the phone began to " crackle and pop like a deep - fryer " ( only , we assume , without the delicious smell ) .
The France incident was n't alone , either :
It was preceded by a handful of other reports of exploding Apple devices in Europe and the U.K .
In one instance , a man claimed Apple tried to keep him from talking by offering a full refund in exchange for his signature on a gag order .
He reportedly refused , instead bringing the alleged smoking gun to the U.K. 's Times newspaper .
The Blame Game
So if Apple 's not to blame for the detonating devices , who is ?
The company now says it 's the customers , claiming some sort of improper handling led to the explosions .
" In all cases , the glass cracked due to an external force that was applied to the iPhone , " a London - based spokesperson tells Bloomberg .
That explanation seems to contradict the statement by the teen from France , who 's quoted by the AP as saying his girlfriend 's phone " was not dropped and experienced no unusual shock " before its sudden combustion .
( To be fair , applying some sort of " external force " could have been a " usual " occurrence for the couple .
Interpret as you will . )
Either way , the investigation does n't appear to be over .
Apple reps met with French government officials to talk about the complaints and " possible measures " that could be taken , the AP reports , and independent experts from the U.S. are said to be conducting further tests as well .
Of course , you could always just side with the satirists and point the finger at Apple 's " oppressive regime . "
Hey , it 's your call .
JR Raphael swims in satire at eSarcasm , his new geek humor site .
You can follow his often odd thoughts on Twitter : @jr_raphael .
This story , " Apple : Exploding iPhones Not Our Fault " was originally published by PCWorld .
Some books beg to be read ; others beg you to stop reading them .
Mark Helprin 's new book , Digital Barbarism , could have been an example of the former — how many popular works set out to defend the idea of copyright , argue that life plus 70 years is n't quite long enough , and attack Creative Commons as a wicked Commie invention ?
For sheer audacious ballsacity alone , Helprin 's screed should have been a wonderful read , a well - argued polemic from an excellent novelist .
Instead , we get ... this .
" Their authors write the way Popeye speaks , though with less polish " ( p. 65 ) .
" The vast bulk of this [ " free culture " ] army may be just a bunch of wacked - out muppets led by little professors in glasses , but they will do more damage to the underpinnings of civilization than half a million Visigoths smashing up the rotted , burning cities of Rome " ( p. 18 ) .
" These are not sensible people .
By now I have read far too much of what they have written not to know that though they eschew style , wit , punctuation , proper spelling , capitalization , and accuracy , they are functionally literate .
Nonetheless , they cannot read . " ( p. 41 ) . " ' Crowd - sourcing ' was invented by sheep " ( p. 163 ) .
" It would be one thing if such a revolution produced Mozarts , Einsteins , or Raphaels , but it does n't .
It produces mouth - breathing morons in backwards baseball caps and pants that fall down ; Slurpee - sucking geeks who seldom see daylight ; pretentious and earnest hipsters who want you to wear bamboo socks so the world wo n't end ; women who have lizard tattoos winding from the navel to the nape of the neck ; beer - drinking dufuses who pay to watch noisy cars driving around in a circle for eight hours at a stretch ; and an entire race of females , now entering middle age , that speaks in North American chipmunk and seldom makes a statement without , like , a question mark at the end ?
What hath God wrought , and why did n't He stop with the telegraph ? " ( p. 57 ) .
To which the only sensible response is , " Please , God , make it stop . "
But it does n't stop .
For more than 200 pages , novelist and sometime New Yorker writer Mark Helprin churns out a truly astonishing pastiche of the pretentious and the profane , not bothering to address hundreds of thoughtful writers , but content to lambast ( over and over and over again , in some horrible parody of Neitzschean " eternal return " ) anonymous commenters on blogs .
Digital Barbarism :
A Writer 's Manifesto Harper 256 pages $ 24.99
Standing up for copyright term extension is n't popular at the moment , unless you 're a lobbyist , but that 's exactly why Helprin takes the topic on .
As a writer , he has a personal stake in copyright , and he wants to leave his copyrights to his grandchildren just as he might any other piece of property .
One can't help but suspect that the best way to achieve this goal is not to turn out this book , however , which sadly makes Helprin look ( variously ) petty , uninformed , angry , unfair , curmudgeonly , and downright misanthropic .
What else to say about a man who boasts of looking at a computer screen " as little as possible , " puts the word " blog " in quotes " to quarantine it because it is so ugly , " compares wikis to Soviet rulers , says that he " has never been to a party " except once in tenth grade , and who finds socializing with other people a " torture so exquisite that I sometimes imagine my heart will burst " ?
The danger of writing New York Times op-eds
Digital Barbarism began with an op -ed .
In 2007 , Helprin wrote a New York Times piece in which he railed against the fact that his " property " ( copyrights ) would be taken away from him 70 years after he died , the sort of grotesque unfairness one does n't see with small businesses or the family Bible , for instance .
Helprin is n't a man into " community ; " in Digital Barbarism , he argues that community is capable of " regimenting the life of the individual , " " encouraging conformity , " " saddling mankind with various brutal and destructive abstractions , " and promoting action by decree rather than in voluntary association . "
In the presence of more than two people who are not family members , " I slowly begin to disintegrate . "
Given his temperament , it is unsurprising that he is no fan of " giving works back to the community , " which happens when they fall out of copyright .
But he recognizes that no less an authority than the Constitution says that copyrights are " for limited times " and are meant for the advancement of the community 's art and science .
What to do ?
In the op-ed , Helprin made a modest proposal .
" The genius of the framers in making this provision is that it allows for infinite adjustment .
Congress is free to extend at will the term of copyright .
It last did so in 1998 , and should do so again , as far as it can throw .
Would it not be just and fair for those who try to extract a living from the uncertain arts of writing and composing to be freed from a form of confiscation not visited upon anyone else ?
The answer is obvious , and transcends even justice .
No good case exists for the inequality of real and intellectual property , because no good case can exist for treating with special disfavor the work of the spirit and the mind . "
Or , to sum up : Just keep on extending copyright , baby !
Because he avoids computer screens and has a disdain for technology bordering on the pathological ( " May your BlackBerry rot in hell " ) , Helprin did not immediately recognize the controversy his work had stirred up online .
As controversies go , it was fairly minor ; it received blog coverage and the sorts of predictably negative comments that one might expect from blog commenters .
But Helprin took it pretty personally , and instead of engaging with thoughtful critiques of the current copyright regime , he decided that attacking the dumbest comments he could find on the subject was worth doing ... in book - length form .
To Helprin , the " collectivist ideology " of the anti-copyright faction is nothing less than an assault on 1 ) property rights and 2 ) the " individual voice . "
He admits that most copyrights are worth very little , but still wants to lock up creative works for at least a century .
It 's about control , the kind of control that allows Helprin to pass his copyrights to his heirs , who at least have an interest in safeguarding his words and work .
Without the sort of control represented by tough , lengthy copyright terms , the world would descend into a " bloody nightmare " of remixes that would be " infinitely worse than being in a hippie commune in which anyone who wants to can use your toothbrush — or your diaphragm . "
Also , a " million geeks in airless basements " would " rewrite Doctor Zhivago to make it more like ' Dungeons and Dragons . ' "
In case you 're not quite getting the point , Helprin does n't want the unwashed masses anywhere near these absolutely exquisite ( and copyrighted ) insults he 's hurling onto the page .
Removing the barrier of copyright would suddenly dissolve the individual voice in the acid of community ; remixes , mashups , copying , cutting , pasting — where would it end except in the destruction of individual identity within " an indistinguishable and instantly malleable mass " ?
Which is , of course , an issue that has already confronted every single work ever to slip out of copyright , yet somehow we still know who wrote Middlemarch and have managed to preserve the text whole and undefiled .
The My Little Pony brigade
Those who do n't inhabit Helprin 's dystopian nightmares are ridiculed , or , if not ridiculed , insulted — usually with comparisons to tyranny and murder .
" Electronic nudniks " now display a " certain sinister , angry , off - the - rails quality ( think the Unabomber ) which is perhaps to be expected from the kind of person who has spent forty thousand hours reflexively committing video - game mass murder and then encounters an argument with which he finds himself in disagreement . " ( p. 32 ) .
" Both the Soviets and the wiki builders imagined and imagine themselves as attempting to reach the truth .
But both have in common the great ease of changing what once was firmly set upon a page " ( p. 65 ) .
On a statement by Lawrence Lessig : " Why does this remind me of Idi Amin ? " ( 76 )
On abolishing copyright : " Because those who recommend it are so often what I believe are called ' dorks ' ; it seems not quite as threatening , like a My - Little - Pony version of the Khmer Rouge " ( p. 84 ) .
Copyright is only unnecessary in " the target end - states of Marxism " ( p. 169 ) .
" The various forms of assault upon the independent voice and the incentive to create ... [ are ] the same sort absurd maneuver Adolf Eichmann tried when he brazenly claimed to have expedited the acceptance of hundreds of thousands of Jews into heaven " ( p. 209 ) .
While Godwin's Law has not quite been triggered here , Helprin 's doing pretty well : Khmer Rouge , Marxism , Unabomber , Idi Amin , the Red Army , and Eichmann .
Where is all this coming from ?
It turns out that Helprin is kind of — how do I say this in terms he might understand ?— an asshole .
When an editor once suggested changing the word " expensive " to " pricey " in one of his articles , Helprin objected .
It 's fair enough , as a writer , to stand up for your words , even the least of them — I 've done it myself for magazine articles — but the pretentious jerkishness of his response must be read to be believed .
Helprin explained to his poor editor that " I do n't use the word pricey , that it 's the kind of word that may be suitable for Crocodile Dundee but sticks out of a sentence and stops a reader cold , that it sounds cutesy even if it is n't , that it reminds me of the phrase palsy - walsy , which I also do not use , and that I would give up my odd and always perilous career in journalism and starve to death rather than put it on record as something I had written " ( pp. 60 - 61 ) .
When , from a rowboat , he once spotted someone on shore mimicking his rowing motion , he imagined this person thinking , " How stupid can you be to row five miles in the heat when you might never move a muscle , eat cupcakes and pork rinds all day , smoke like a volcano , and sit in your bass boat hooked up to an oxygen bottle ? "
Everything is too much , too strong , and badly targeted .
Helprin has it in for Lawrence Lessig and Techdirt — and that 's about it .
He rants against those who would " abolish " copyright , but has almost nothing to say about the far more interesting and plausible proposals to reform fair use , change the term of future copyrights , deal with orphan works , scale back statutory damages , etc .
It 's as though they simply do n't exist .
( Perhaps they were murdered by the My Little Pony regiment of the Khmer Rouge . )
It 's too bad , because Helprin is an excellent wordsmith , and he has something to say about the importance of individual creation , the moral right to exert control over one 's work for a limited time , and loss of tranquility in modern life .
But his utter inability to address serious opposing arguments or to see even some benefit in things like open source software and Creative Commons unfortunately ruins the book , rendering the very project incomprehensible .
After all , if your opponents are nothing more than " a crowd looting a supermarket , or a junkie taking a hit , " erudite jeremiads certainly are n't going to sway them ; they wo n't even be read .
Certainly , they do n't invite any sort of measured response .
Upon closing the volume , I was left with the sad impression that , as at so many times in Helprin 's life , the man speaks only to himself .
The crowd went wild as [ shal ] Ignition Entertainment [ / shal ] ’s [ shal ] Shane Bettenhausen [ / shal ] threw rare items and free schwag off the stage at Club Element .
The small establishment in Los Angeles hosted the [ shal ] King of Fighters Tournament [ / shal ] , an event that heavily promoted their upcoming title [ shal ] King of Fighters XII [ / shal ] .
The event brought together gamers and journalists alike , and pitted them against each other in both the tournament and Shane ’s free giveaway sessions .
Representing for [ shal ] PSLS [ / shal ] , I even got knocked to the ground trying to grab some random crap out of the hands of fellow KOF fanatics .
Needless to say , I won that battle .
Shane has a lot of fans thanks to his former tenure at [ shal ] 1UP [ / shal ] , and applause and cheers echoed from the crowd as he took to the stage .
Joined by his lovely assistant , he set out the rules after groaning through countless technical hiccups .
The DJ was originally in charge of audio , but the Ignition Entertainment employees apparently knew more than he did .
Approximately 60 people showed up , with another 20 staff members populating the crowd .
The fact that this was probably the tamest crowd the club had ever seen made the bouncers ’ presence that much more hilarious .
And though Ignition had gone out of its way to hire some very good looking kiosk babes , they largely went ignored and unnoticed .
That is , until they started joining in on the KOF fun .
Entry to the event was easier than walking into a library .
There was no check - in , no guest list ( though everyone allegedly had to RSVP by a certain date ) , and a quick look at the tournament roster showed that they were expecting twice as many people .
But with only 10 [ shal ] PS3 [ / shal ] kiosks set up , it ’s good that things went the way they did .
The tournament went by fast , and the staff , though very disorganized at the beginning , quickly adjusted and got things on track .
There was plenty of free food , everyone was enthusiastic , and there was even a free makeup booth where attendees could have fake injuries applied to their faces .
A photo section was also set up in the west corner , where attendees could get photoshopped into the game , complete with health bars and the rest of the game ’s interface .
It was lots of fun , and I can only hope that Ignition holds more tournaments like these for its future titles .
Anyone who has read Nintendo Power since its beginning has , obviously , at least glanced at the little comic strips in a couple of pages of the magazine called " Howard & Nester " , which chronicled the adventures of bowtie - wearing Howard Philips ( who was an actual employee of Nintendo and president of the Nintendo Fun Club at the time ) and a stubborn redheaded teen named Nester .
Together , the two ventured into the worlds of various NES games , gave us a couple of thinly - veiled legitimate tips , and always provided a little bit of humor for us all .
In Volume 25 of Nintendo Power , Howard left the magazine to pursue other goals ( JVC ?!
I 'll bet that worked out well ) , and left Nester to star in a series of comics of his own .
But a few years after , all traces of Nester ( and Howard ) vanished , and left the magazine to wilt away .
Mr. Menem denied any involvement last November .
His former advisers have insisted that he was determined to solve the case , not cover it up , and that Mr. Bernazzani had said the F.B.I. did not view Mr. Meshabi as a credible witness .
With the case seemingly stalled , Argentina ’s Supreme Court in May ordered it reopened , saying it was unreasonable to throw out all the original investigative work because of the Galeano corruption scandal .
The court ruled that the investigation had been valid until Oct. 31 , 1995 , when Mr. Galeano decided to offer the money to Mr. Telleldín .
Judge Corral said an appeals court might decide to retry Mr. Telleldín , a used - car salesman who was acquitted after spending 10 years in jail awaiting trial .
Mr. Telleldín said in an interview that he was innocent and that it would be “ impossible to prove ” that he knew the van he sold was going to be used for the bombing .
Mr. Nisman , meanwhile , is pressing on with his investigation of Mr. El Reda .
In the weeks before the bombing , Mr. El Reda shuttled between “ safe houses ” in Buenos Aires and a red brick house in Foz do Iguaçu , a Brazilian town in the Triple Frontier area where Argentina meets Brazil and Paraguay , investigators said .
From millions of phone call records and the help of an unidentified Hezbollah operative , investigators say they were able to piece together evidence of a terrorist cell involving Mr. El Reda that kept in close contact with Beirut leading up to the bombing .
On the morning of July 1 , 1994 , Mr. Nisman said , Mr. El Reda made a call from the international airport here to a cellphone registered in Foz do Iguaçu , a call that may have set off the final phase of the attack .
Other calls to the cellphone were made from public phone centers near the Jewish community center and near a mosque in Buenos Aires where the cultural attaché at the Iranian Embassy , one of the people charged in 2006 , spent a great deal of time , Mr. Nisman wrote in court papers .
Mr. El Reda had forged close ties with the Iranian attaché , Mr. Nisman said .
by Gary Sudborough
Featured Writer
Dandelion Salad
Aug 1 , 2009
Once upon a time many , many years ago , when I was growing up , I saw actual news reports on that latest invention called television .
It is true that I knew a lot of it was propaganda because I had a socialist father , who explained to me the real causes of world events and that great myths about the evils of socialism and other things were being created by the media .
It was the age of Joe McCarthy , who was finding communist sympathizers everywhere and forced many brilliant Hollywood writers to flee the country .
However , at that time factual reports about events of consequence in the world were being reported like wars , coups , civil rights , revolutions , poverty , unemployment and , in general , conditions that were serious and affected people in either an adverse or beneficial way .
I have n’t seen a lot of serious discussion on television anymore , Bill Moyers being a notable exception , unless it is serious discussion about completely trivial matters .
No reporters are allowed to cover the actual brutality and horrors of war now like they could during the Vietnam War .
I will bet most Americans do n’t know the reported American casualty figures from Iraq and Afghanistan and they sure do n’t know how many Iraqis or people in Afghanistan have been killed , injured or are now refugees from those wars .
One rarely sees any actual visual coverage of the war except from the targeting sight of an American F - 16 , about to blow to smithereens some poor peasants , a camel or a herd of sheep and goats .
I am not joking about the sheep and goats .
I read a report about shepherds in Iraq complaining about American planes blowing up herds of sheep and another from Afghanistan , where a herd of goats were similarly treated .
Poor Third World countries do n’t have these great mechanized armies like the Germans or Japanese did in World War 2 , so the US military must make believe they are striking items of great strategic and tactical significance .
Otherwise , some one might get the impression it was a very unequal battle between an F - 16 , firing guided missiles and bombs , and a very angry man on the ground firing a Kalashnikov rifle .
The battle might be so unequal to some people that a question could rise in their mind about who were the actual terrorists .
Then , the corporate media steps in and reassures them that the guy firing the rifle is akin to the devil and hates freedom , democracy and all values Americans hold dear , and it suddenly becomes alright to convert him into small pieces of flying protoplasm .
I ca n’t remember exactly when American television became completely tabloid in nature along with the rest of the corporate media .
I suppose Robert Parry , author of Lost History , would say it was when President Ronald Reagan established Project Truth and “ perception management ” and had the media monitored carefully for any controversial stories , particularly any about all the massacres , atrocities and torture being done by American - trained and financed counterinsurgency forces in El Salvador , Guatemala , Nicaragua , Honduras and other places in the world .
As a matter of fact , Raymond Bonner of the New York Times and Alma Guillermoprieto of the Washington Post were criticized vigorously and demoted for telling the truth about the massacre of eight hundred defenseless men , women and children at El Mozote in El Salvador by the Atlacatl battalion - trained at the School of the Americas .
This Atlacatl battalion went on to commit many even more atrocious massacres coupled with hideous torture techniques , but El Mozote is most famous because noted American spokesmen like Elliot Abrams and media pundits denied that it ever happened .
Years later , when it no longer mattered , the bones were dug up and , sure enough , the bullet holes were in the heads and the machete marks were on the bones of the bodies .
It is similar to the mothers of the disappeared in Argentina ( often grandmothers ) finally getting some justice after years of protest in the Plaza de Mayo in Buenos Aires .
Forensic scientists , digging in military body dump sites , discovered their loved ones horrible fate and sometimes by DNA analysis were able to find the children of the murdered mothers .
Often , they had been kidnapped by Argentinean police and military officers .
These children were actually living with their real parent ’s torturers and murderers .
Argentina was another stunning success of the US counterinsurgency strategy of unparalleled terror coupled with huge massacres of peasants and university students .
Mao said that the guerrilla is like the fish who swims in the sea .
The United States itself or through proxy governments massacred a large portion of that sea in many countries and intimidated most of the rest by terror much worse than anything people have seen at Abu Ghraib or Guantanamo Bay .
The first remembrance I had of the tabloid nature of the media was when Tonya Harding hired some guy to smash Nancy Kerrigan ’s knee and ruin her career in skating .
This may be a minor story , but the corporate media feasted on this story all day long for weeks .
Aliens could have landed on Earth , and I still think they would have been talking about Nancy Kerrigan ’s wounded knee and all of Tonya Harding ’s disreputable associates .
It went from there to a continuous series of other stories about celebrities , gossip and inconsequential events and I ’m sorry , but I ca n’t remember them all .
The media spent years of time they could have been talking about US involvement in Central America , global warming or a myriad of very important environmental issues on the utter triviality of something one could find in the National Enquirer .
The corporate media has not changed from the 1980s , except to say it has probably gotten even worse .
If a country ’s media is any indication of a country ’s decline , then we are declining and fast .
Why would anyone want to hear about Paris Hilton and all her escapades with the law for months ?
I do n’t care if a little , pampered , rich girl gets drunk , arrested for drunk driving and cries when her tender feelings are hurt as the jail door slams on her .
Her rich daddy will get her out , which is more than can be said for poor people .
Now , while unemployment is at very high levels , people are losing their homes and health insurance , global warming and all kinds of environmental catastrophes are afflicting the planet and the economic crisis has not been solved by a long shot , President Obama feels that this is the time to have a friendly beer at the White House with an arresting police officer , Dr. Henry Louis Gates , who is black and a friend of President Obama , himself and Joe Biden .
There must have been hundreds of cameras filming this event from a distance .
It was a major media extravaganza .
The precipitating cause , which elicited all this media feeding frenzy , was the police entering into a black man ’s home and words being exchanged between the police officer and black man with possibly racist remarks being made .
I ’ve got news .
Ten miles from where I live , white police officers break into black people ’s houses on a constant basis and racist words are exchanged very , very frequently .
In fact , some police officers have had accusations , and even a court case , brought against them for not only being racists , but of having Nazi literature with them and being sympathetic to fascist white power causes .
Poor blacks get beaten up and tasered with electricity constantly .
Not one of these poor blacks , who are treated so abysmally , get an invitation to the White House to drink beer .
Could it be that because Dr. Gates is extremely well - educated , a Harvard professor , an author of a number of books and is wealthy , giving the maximum amount allowable to Obama ’s campaign and one thousand dollars to Hillary Clinton ’s campaign , that he is treated so differently than a poor black man ?
If President Obama is rationalizing this as solving race problems , he is delusional .
Nothing will end racism but a decent standard of living for blacks , as well as poor people of all nationalities , and that requires an end to capitalism and exploitation .
Also , I so wish the media would stop paying attention to the ridiculous and incoherent statements of Sarah Palin .
She is not the oracle at Delphi .
She is a fool !
I called the corporate media asinine as well as trivial and I will explain why .
This is no ordinary period in the thousands of years of human existence .
No other period in human history is the same .
The bubonic plague wiped out a lot of the population of Europe , but it never really threatened extinction of the human race .
These parasitic entities called corporations , being motivated only by profit , do threaten the planet .
In a film called The Corporation , an FBI agent compared the profile of a psychotic individual with the actions of corporations and they were identical .
Now , also , we have nuclear weapons proliferating around the world , due largely to the United States trying to become a hegemonic power .
Finally , we have such severe environmental problems that it is difficult to name them all .
There is global warming , species extinction , toxic waste , nuclear waste , a shortage of clean drinking water , deforestation , destructive mining practices and even living creatures in the ocean are in trouble , where we would least expect it , as the ocean is so vast .
The corporate media are asinine because while human civilization is at stake , our very survival as a species , they spend the majority of their precious time on scandal , gossip , immaterial blather and do n’t seem to care if their children and grandchildren live or die or how much they suffer in a future world .
It is one of the saddest scenes I have ever witnessed .
Lead us off the cliff you narcissistic , greedy , arrogant , ignorant fools !
see
The Police , the Judiciary , and Stereotyping by Steven Jonas , MD , MPH
The Day the President Turned Black But has he turned back ?
By Greg Palast
Corporations Really Suck
from the archives :
The Corporation ( must - see video )
Payroll management is one of the least favorite jobs in any business .
Let ’s discuss what gives it this reputation and then we shall see why business houses prefer to payroll consultants in India .
Unless your employees are financial experts with experience in accounting it is going to be a mammoth task to manage payroll work of even 20 employees .
It not only involves the salary distribution and tracking but other stuff like taxation , PF , ESI , Medical , TDS , Insurance , Employee grievances , Leave records , other allowances etc .
Minor errors on behalf of the accountant could prove to be the stumbling block for the company .
Responsibility is tantamount to life and death situations .
MM
Enterprises not only helps you with your recruitment needs but also acts as a payroll consultant in India .
Main reasons for Outsourcing Payroll Management and hiring a payroll agency in India : -
1. Cost : Big companies cannot afford to hire departments for taking care of this task .
Especially in this economic slowdown it drags on your cost effectiveness .
2. Productivity : If you are using non specialized workers for payroll duties then they will do neither of the jobs properly .
It will then eat into the productivity of your organization .
3 . Accuracy : Minor errors on the part of your employees will cause severe repercussions in terms of employee satisfaction and government sanctions .
With an outsourced agent you can demand monetary restitution that you ca n’t do with your own employees .
A payroll service provider will definitely make fewer errors .
4 : Speed and Reliability :
You do n’t have to train new joiners and part time workers .
You do n’t have to worry when some accountant is on leave .
A group of specialized people are expected to do even your most complex jobs with relative ease and speed as compared to your in - house staff .
5. Security and Insight : A good payroll management company will help you save on taxes using their insight and experience with the tax laws and their loopholes .
You wo n’t have to double check on your employees working regarding financial matters .
Marc Emery to turn himself in The so - called " Prince of Pot " launched his farewell tour Sunday in Calgary .
Marc Emery has given up his long fight to avoid extradition to the U.S. for selling cannabis seeds .
He plans to turn himself in to Seattle authorities in the fall , and then he 'll likely serve a lengthy prison sentence in an American jail .
Calgary is Emery 's first stop on a 32 - city farewell tour .
" I 'm being taken to a U.S. prison for something I did in Canada as innocuous as selling seeds , which do n't even have any drug quality , and yet I have to face a five year term for that . "
Emery plans to surrender himself to U.S. authorities in September .
He 's giving up on his fight to avoid extradition for selling cannabis seeds to customers in the United States .
" It 's difficult to say what will happen in a U.S. federal penitentiary .
It 's never very pleasant .
American jails are n't run nearly as well as Canadian jails . "
And Emery would know : he 's been arrested more than a dozen times in his 20 years of activism .
He says he's on tour to bid farewell to his friends and encourage them to keep up the fight to legalize cannabis .
" I 'm going away for a long time so I expect everybody to do their best and pick up the slack for me . ' » more at : calgary.ctv.ca
Posted By jamesk at 2009-07-06 12:52:35 permalink | comments »
More ways to bookmark this page
Comments ( 16 )
The article looks at the common issues that prospective eye mask users will be asking .
From how often should one use the mask , to when is the best time to use it , or the oblivious one as to the intended user to duration or length of use .
With little fanfare this week , Radiohead made a new track available for download on its Web site .
Entitled " Harry Patch ( In Memory Of ) , " it demonstrates how the band views the contemporary music business — and how little regard it has for the conventional view of what a rock band should do .
The song is a moving tribute to Patch , who was believed to be the last surviving British soldier to have fought in World War I .
He died on July 25 at age 111 .
In September 1917 , Patch was wounded by a bomb that killed three of his comrades at the Battle of Passchendaele , one of the most horrific actions of the war that saw British casualties in the hundreds of thousands during the three months it lasted .
In a 2005 interview with the BBC , Patch said that he went 80 years without discussing his war experiences , even with his family .
But through his longevity , Patch became a reluctant spokesman , eventually testifying with candor to what he had witnessed in France more than four - score years ago .
He said that he still had nightmares about the bomb that struck his unit .
The process of marketing " Harry Patch ( In Memory Of ) " shifts slightly the ­direct - to - consumer strategy the band first used in October 2007 with the release of " In Rainbows . "
Initially , fans could download the album from the band 's Website , paying what they wished .
About 10 weeks later the album was sold through conventional vendors at a price in line with today 's CDs and downloads .
Sifting through layers of sediment in Vietnam 's Song Hong Delta , researchers were n't surprised to find charred evidence of ancient fires after several cultures migrated there about 5,000 years ago .
Cycles of early blazes are tied to changes in the climate , when the area dried out , as well as to agriculture , as a means to clear land for planting .
But what could explain a surge in singed land throughout the past 1,500 years ?
War , it seems .
A collaborative effort between Vietnamese and Chinese researchers has linked data from the dirt to fashion a new understanding of fire in the area over the past 5,000 years , as humans became a more powerful force in the landscape .
They describe their findings in a paper published today in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
" In stable societies rulers generally strongly encourage people to farm … .
The rulers also supported the building of canals , dams and roads to support irrigation and protect farmlands , " the authors note .
" Even today , fire is used to clear lands in preparation for agricultural planting in the Song Hong Delta . "
But these agricultural fires were generally small , local and cyclical .
By studying core samples taken from the river delta , the research team , led by Zhen Li of East China Normal University in Shanghai and colleagues , detected patterns and sizes of charcoal to indicate fire distance ( small particles can travel farther than 100 meters , whereas larger ones stay put ) as well as pollen to deduce the presence of either crops or nonagricultural flora .
The researchers found that about 1,500 years ago , when the frequency of fires surged , major political unrest between the occupying Chinese and local Vietnamese groups was emergent .
As a military tactic , fire was used to scorch the enemy , destroy supplies , disrupt communication and generally to " create confusion , " the authors wrote .
One description of a 1788 to 1798 battle between the Chinese and Vietnamese recounts that one warring side surrounded the enemy with fire fueled by rice straw and oil .
And the scorched - earth battle tactics continued to ravage the area through the 1900s .
" Fire has played an essential role in the development of human civilization , " the authors wrote .
But , in this case , it was perhaps more destructive than developmental .
The Fifth Games and Puzzles Mini-Conference at the Weizmann Institute of Science
The Fifth Games and Puzzles Mini-Conference took place last month at the Weizmann Institute of Science in Israel , one of the world ’s leading multidisciplinary research centres .
Approximately 150 visitors participated in the puzzle celebration which included booths displaying participants ' mechanical puzzles and games to be experimented with , swapped or purchased .
Each participant was given a gift bag of puzzles to take home , including a logic puzzle magazine donated by Conceptis .
Examining some wooden puzzles
Dan Feldman , a well - known puzzle collector and a former organizer of the conference , examines a variation of Rubik 's cube .
Experiencing mechanical puzzles
Scattered tables hosted the many participants who wished to challenge each other or try their luck at novel puzzles .
Focusing on puzzles , riddles and recreational mathematics
Dr. Yossi Elran , the conference organizer , welcomes the crowd .
Dr. Oved Kedem ( left ) and Rami Band ( right ) play a variation of Nim .
Short lectures were given by Dr. Oded Margalit , a leading researcher in IBM , Dr. Zvi Paltiel , Director of Young@Science , Dr. Oved Kedem , Director of Educational Projects , and Rami Band , a PhD. student of physics at the Weizmann Institute of Science .
Liron Stern tries her hand at Kakuru and Soduku from conceptis
The 2009 conference took place on Wednesday , March 18th and was organized by Dr. Yossi Elran , the coordinator of distant learning at the Davidson Institute of Science Education and head of the Math by Mail project , and by David Goodman , a designer and manufacturer of puzzles .
Top : Royi Lachmi and friends try their hand at solving a mechanical puzzle .
Bottom left : David Goodman showing his unique merchandise to the crowd .
The Games and Puzzles Mini-Conference is an annual conference taking place at the Davidson Institute of Science Education at the Weizmann Institute of Science Education .
Focusing on puzzles , riddles and recreational mathematics , this fascinating conference attracts collectors puzzle buffs and hobbyists each year from all over Israel .
For more photos from the Fifth Games and Puzzles Mini-Conference see here .
Related resources
Like and share
Along with the lingering uncertainty surrounding the future of The Pirate Bay comes an increasingly urgent demand for alternative public BitTorrent trackers .
PublicBitTorrent , operated by the people behind some of today 's most prominent torrent sites , is one of these much needed alternatives .
For years the majority of all BitTorrent users have relied almost exclusively on the services of The Pirate Bay .
Even those who never actually visited the site have done so , since more than half of all the publicly available torrents were tracked by the Swedish tracker .
The Pirate Bay ’s prominence has been the Achilles ’ heel of BitTorrent .
If the tracker should fail today , hundreds of thousands of torrents would begin to slow down significantly or stop working entirely .
With the upcoming sale of The Pirate Bay this weakness has become even more salient .
Good and stable alternatives are needed , and luckily some of the leading figures in the BitTorrent community realize this .
Last week we already reported on OpenBitTorrent , a free service that is already tracking 1,828,973 torrents for more than 20 million peers .
Still , replacing one tracker with another wont add much redundancy .
The founder of BTjunkie and another major torrent sites came to the same conclusion and decided to launch a tracker of their own – PublicBitTorrent .
Similar to OBT , PublicBT uses the Beerware licensed Opentracker software .
PublicBT goes live
“ Me and others felt that too much of BitTorrent tracking relies on one group and we would like to share some of that responsibility , ” BTjunkie ’s founder told TorrentFreak .
“ If anything were to happen to TPB , hundreds of thousands of torrents that are only tracked by TPB could be lost , ” he added .
PublicBT has just launched , and although the site was almost entirely copied ( without authorization ) from the OBT website , it is operated independently .
To get the ball rolling all torrents on BTjunkie will soon be updated with the new OBT and PBT trackers , BTjunkie ’s founder told TorrentFreak .
Operating a standalone BitTorrent tracker , especially one that tracks millions of peers , can be a costly project but is a prerequisite for the BitTorrent ecosystem .
It ’s good to see that more BitTorrent site admins stepping up to take responsibility .
Oakland voters resoundingly approved a tax increase on medical marijuana Tuesday evening , the first such tax of its kind in the nation .
The measure will levy an $ 18 tax for every $ 1,000 in gross marijuana sales .
Firms in the city now pay a $ 1.20 business tax on each $ 1,000 in sales .
Other cities may soon follow suit .
Voters approved the measure by a margin of 80 % , according to preliminary results released by the Alameda County Registrar of Voters .
Oakland City Councilwoman Rebecca Kaplan , who co-sponsored the measure , said it could generate $ 1 million in annual revenue .
The city administrator places the estimate at about $ 300,000 .
Advertisement
The Los Angeles City Council proposed a medical marijuana tax July 15 , and Kaplan said Berkeley and San Francisco may consider similar legislation .
“ Oakland will show that this can work if it ’s done right , ” said Keith Stephenson , executive director of the Purple Heart Patient Center .
“ There will be some cash - strapped areas that will use this to balance their budgets . ”
The legislation was backed by Oakland ’s four medical marijuana dispensaries .
There was no organized opposition .
Advertisement
The city ’s four dispensaries reported revenue of $ 19.7 million in the last fiscal year .
Kaplan said budget gaps and a pledge by the Obama administration to stop prosecution of dispensaries that adhere to state laws have spurred officials to consider marijuana as a revenue source .
The legislation was one of four mail - in ballot measures passed to help close the city ’s $ 83 - million shortfall .
“ It was the perfect moment , ” Kaplan said .
“ We had a horrible budget crisis in the city , and we were looking for revenue .
. . .
But it would hardly make sense for us to tax a business that might be shut down by the federal government . ”
Legislation is also being considered on a statewide level .
Assemblyman Tom Ammiano ( D - San Francisco ) introduced a bill earlier this year to legalize and tax marijuana .
--
Advertisement
julie.strack@latimes.com
The logo is the face of any brand — the very first impression — so its design is extremely important .
When executed correctly , a logo is a powerful asset to your client ’s brand .
However , creating an effective visual representation of a brand requires much more than just graphic design .
Like any line of work that involves a set of specific skills , logo design requires plenty of practice and experience for it to be successful ; knowledge is definitely power for any graphic designer .
For this reason , we have outlined 12 essential rules to follow in order to design an effective logo .
1. Preliminary Work Is a Must
Preliminary sketches are an important first step in designing an effective logo .
These can be as simple as paper and pen drawings or drafts made using a vector program , such as Illustrator .
The bottom line is that you compromise the final result if you rush , or skip , this step .
Start with 20 to 30 sketches or ideas and then branch out to create variations of the original ideas .
If nothing seems to work , start over and begin sketching new ideas .
An effective graphic designer will spend more time on this preliminary work than any other step in the design process .
2. Create Balance
Balance is important in logo design because our minds naturally perceive a balanced design as being pleasing and appealing .
Keep your logo balanced by keeping the “ weight ” of the graphics , colors , and size equal on each side .
Though the rule of balance can occasionally be broken , remember that your logo will be viewed by the masses , not just those with an eye for great art , so a balanced design is the safest approach .
3. Size Matters
When it comes to logo design , size does matter .
A logo has to look good and be legible at all sizes .
A logo is not effective if it loses too much definition when scaled down for letterheads , envelopes , and small promotional items .
The logo also has to look good when used for larger formats , such as posters , billboards , and electronic formats such as TV and the Web .
The most reliable way to determine if a logo works at all sizes is to actually test it yourself .
Note that the smallest scale is usually the hardest to get right , so start by printing the logo on a letterhead or envelope and see if it is still legible .
You can also test for large - scale rendering by printing a poster - sized version at a print shop .
4. Clever Use of Color
Color theory is complex , but designers who understand the basics are able to use color to their advantage .
The basic rules to keep in mind are :
Use colors near to each other on the color wheel ( e.g. for a “ warm ” palette , use red , orange , and yellow hues ) .
Do n’t use colors that are so bright that they are hard on the eyes .
The logo must also look good in black and white , grayscale , and two colors .
Breaking the rules sometimes is okay ; just make sure you have a good reason to !
Knowing how colors evoke feelings and moods is also important .
For example , red can evoke feelings of aggression , love , passion , and strength .
Keep this in mind as you try out different color combinations , and try to match the color to the overall tone and feel of the brand .
Playing around with individual colors on their own is another good idea .
Some brands are recognizable solely by their distinct color .
For example , when you think of John Deere , you think of the “ John Deere green ” color , and this sets this brand apart from its competitors and , more importantly , makes the brand all the more recognizable .
5. Design Style Should Suit the Company
You can use various design styles when creating a logo , and to pick the right one , you should have some background information about the client and the brand .
A recent trend in logo design is the Web 2.0 style of 3D - looking logos , with “ bubbly ” graphics , gradients , and drop shadows .
This style may work well for a Web 2.0 website or tech company , but may not be effective for other kinds of brands .
Research your client and its audience before you begin your preliminary work .
This will help you determine the best design style from the start and save you from having to return repeatedly to the drawing board .
6. Typography Matters … a Lot !
Choosing the right font type and size is much more difficult than many beginner designers realize .
If your logo design includes text , either as part of the logo or in the tagline , you will need to spend time sorting through various font types — often , dozens of them — and testing them in your design before making a final decision .
Try both serif fonts and sans - serif fonts as well as script , italics , bold , and custom fonts .
Consider three main points when choosing a font to accompany your logo design :
Avoid the most commonly used fonts , such as Comic Sans , or else your design may come off as amateurish .
Make sure the font is legible when scaled down , especially with script fonts .
One font is ideal , and avoid more than two .
Strongly consider a custom font for your design .
The more original the font , the more it will distinguish the brand .
Examples of successful logos that have a custom font are Yahoo ! , Twitter , and Coca Cola .
7. The Goal IS Recognition
The whole point of creating a logo is to build brand recognition .
So , how do you go about doing this ?
Well , it varies from case to case , but the goal with the logo is for the average person to instantly call the brand to mind .
A few examples of this are the logos for Coca - Cola , Pepsi , McDonald ’s , and Nike .
Just a glimpse of any of these logos is all you need to recognize the brands .
The key to making a popular and recognizable logo is to combine all of the elements discussed in this article : size , style , color , typography , and originality .
Overlooking any of these during the design process will impair the quality of your final design .
Examine your own logo design and see whether it meets all of these criteria .
A quick test to determine if your logo is recognizable enough is to invert it using any graphic design software and see if you can still recognize the brand .
Additionally , you should mirror the logo and see if it ’s easily recognizable in this state .
Keep in mind that logos are n’t always seen head - on in real world situations , for example , on the side of a bus or a billboard that you drive by .
Therefore , you should make sure to view your logo design from all angles and ensure that it ’s recognizable from any direction before submitting it to your client .
8. Dare to be Different
To stand out from the competition , you must distinguish yourself as a designer with a distinct style .
Rather than copy another design or style , be innovative and stand out from the crowd .
So , how can you be different ?
Try breaking the rules of design and taking risks .
Try a variety of styles to find the one that works best for your client .
Try different color combinations until you find one that makes your design truly original .
Have fun with the design program you use , and keep tweaking the design until you feel you ’ve got it right .
9. K.I.S.S. ( Keep it Simple , Stupid )
The simpler the logo , the more recognizable it will be .
For example , the Nike swoosh is an extremely simple logo and is also one of the most recognizable in the world .
Follow the K.I.S.S. rule right from the start of the design process , when you are brainstorming ideas and doodling sketches .
Often , you ’ll find that you start with a relatively complicated design and end up with a simpler version of it in the end .
Work the design down to its essentials and leave out all unnecessary elements .
10 . Go Easy on Effects
Adobe Illustrator , Freehand , Photoshop , and other graphic design programs are extremely powerful tools and have many filters and effects that you can apply to your logo , but do n’t get carried away !
There ’s a time and place for these powerful tools , but it is not necessarily to design a logo .
Of course , playing around and seeing whether they enhance a logo is fine , but just remember that simplicity is key .
11 . Develop a Design “ Assembly Line ”
To produce consistently high - quality logos , you need to develop your own design process , or “ assembly line . ”
This should include the following steps :
Research
Brainstorm and generate ideas
Preliminary sketches
Develop vector designs
Send to client
Add or remove anything the client wants
Finalize the design and resubmit to client
Although you may want to tweak the order slightly , you should follow these basic steps with each logo design .
This will help you streamline your work , stay organized , maintain focus , and deliver better quality and more consistent results with each job .
12 . Use Other Designs for Inspiration Only !
The last rule for designing an effective logo is quite simple : do n’t copy other designers ’ work !
While there ’s nothing wrong with being inspired by other designers , copying another person ’s ideas or work is morally and legally wrong .
Gallery websites exist that let you use vector art images free of charge , with proper attribution under the Creative Commons License , but I strongly recommend not going this route .
These websites can be helpful for getting ideas during the brainstorming stage , but you ’re better off starting your design from scratch and making it 100 % original .
Written exclusively for WDd by Jarkko Laine .
Do you follow these rules when designing your logos ?
Why or why now ?
Please share your comments with us …
--------------------
Publication is a self - invasion of privacy .
Publication is a self - invasion of privacy .
The artist must ever play and experiment with new means of arranging experience , even though the majority of his audience may prefer to remain fixed in their old perceptual attitudes .
Acceptance Speech Vaclav Havel
President of the Czech Republic July 4 , 1994 Independence Hall
Philadelphia , PA Ladies and Gentlemen : I take this occasion - in front of this historic building , where you have paid me the high honor of awarding me the Philadelphia Liberty Medal - as an invitation to set my own sights equally high .
I would like , therefore , to turn my thoughts today to the state of the world and the prospects that lie before it .
I also have decided to do something that personally I find just as demanding : I will attempt to address you in English .
I hope you will understand me .
There are thinkers who claim that if the modern age began with the discovery of America , it also ended in America .
This is said to have occurred in the year 1969 , when America sent the first men to the moon .
From this historical moment , they say , a new age in the life of humanity can be dated .
I think there are good reasons for suggesting that the modem age has ended .
Today , many things indicate that we are going through a transitional period , when it seems that something is on the way out and something else is painfully being born .
It is as if something were crumbling , decaying and exhausting itself , while something else , still indistinct , were arising from the rubble .
Periods of history when values undergo a fundamental shift are certainly not unprecedented .
This happened in the Hellenistic period , when from the ruins of the classical world the Middle Ages were gradually born .
It happened during the Renaissance , which opened the way to the modem era .
The distinguishing features of universe than our ancestors did , and yet , it increasingly seems they knew something more essential about it than we do , something that escapes us .
The same thing is true of nature and of ourselves .
The more thoroughly all our organs and their functions , their internal structure and the biochemical reactions that take place within them are described , the more we seem to fail to grasp the spirit , purpose and meaning of the system that they create together and that we experience as our unique " self . "
And thus today we find ourselves in a paradoxical situation .
We enjoy all the achievements of modem civilization that have made our physical existence on this earth easier in so many important ways .
Yet we do not know exactly what to do with ourselves , where to turn .
The world of our experiences seems chaotic , disconnected , confusing .
There appear to be no integrating forces , no unified meaning , no true inner understanding of phenomena in our experience of the world .
Experts can explain anything in the objective world to us , yet we understand our own lives less and less .
In short , we live in the post - modem world , where everything is possible and almost nothing is certain .
This state of affairs has its social and political consequences .
The single planetary civilization to which we all belong confronts us with global challenges .
We stand helpless before them because our civilization has essentially globalized only the surface of our lives .
But our inner self continues to have a life of its own .
And the fewer answers the era of rational knowledge provides to the basic questions of human being , the more deeply it would seem that people , behind its back as it were , cling to the ancient certainties of their tribe .
Because of this , individual cultures , increasingly lumped together by contemporary civilization , are realizing with new urgency their own inner autonomy and the inner differences of others .
Cultural conflicts are increasing and are understandably more dangerous today than at any other time in history .
The end of the era of rationalism has been catastrophic : Armed with the same super modern weapons , often from the same suppliers , and followed by television cameras , the members of various tribal cults are at war with one another .
By day , we work with statistics ; in the evening , we consult astrologers and frighten ourselves with thrillers about vampires .
The abyss between the rational and the spiritual , the external and the internal , the objective and the subjective , the technical and the moral , the universal and the unique constantly grows deeper .
Politicians are rightly worried by the problem of finding the key to ensure the survival of a civilization that is global and at the same time clearly multicultural ; how generally respected mechanisms of peaceful coexistence can be set up , and on what set of principles they are to be established .
These questions have been highlighted with particular urgency by the two most important political events in the second half of the twentieth century : the collapse of colonial hegemony and the fall of communism .
The artificial world order of the past decades has collapsed and a new , more just order has not yet emerged .
The central political task of the final years of this century , then , is the creation of a new model of coexistence among the various cultures , peoples , races and religious spheres within a single interconnected civilization .
This task is all the more urgent because other threats to contemporary humanity brought about by one - dimensional development of civilization are growing more serious all the time .
Many believe this task can be accomplished through technical means .
That is , they believe it can be accomplished through the invention of new organizational , political and diplomatic instruments .
Yes , it is clearly necessary to invent organizational structures appropriate to the present multicultural age .
But such efforts are doomed to failure if they do not grow out of something deeper , out of generally held values .
This , too , is well - known .
And in searching for the most natural source for the creation of a new world order , we usually look to an area that is the traditional foundation of modern justice and a great achievement of the modem age : to a set of values that - among other things - were first declared in this building .
I am referring to respect for the unique human being and his or her liberties and inalienable rights , and the principle that all power derives from the people .
I am , in short , referring to the fundamental ideas of modem democracy .
What I am about to say may sound provocative , but I feel more and more strongly that even these ideas are not enough , that we must go farther and deeper .
The point is that the solution they offer is still , as it were , modem , derived from the climate of the Enlightenment and from a view of man and his relation to the world that has been characteristic of the Euro - American sphere for the last two centuries .
Today , however , we are in a different place and facing a different situation , one to which classically modern solutions in themselves do not give a satisfactory response .
After all , the very principle of inalienable human rights , conferred on man by the Creator , grew out of the typically modern notion that man - as a being capable of knowing nature and the world - was the pinnacle of creation and lord of the world .
This modem anthropocentrism inevitably meant that He who allegedly endowed man with his inalienable rights began to disappear from the world :
He was so far beyond the grasp of modem science that he was gradually pushed into a sphere of privacy of sorts , if not directly into a sphere of private fancy - that is , to a place where public obligations no longer apply .
The existence of a higher authority than man himself simply began to get in the way of human aspirations .
The idea of human rights and freedoms must be an integral part of any meaningful world order .
Yet I think it must be anchored in a different place , and in a different way , than has been the case so far .
If it is to be more than just a slogan mocked by half the world , it can not be expressed in the language of departing era , and it must not be mere froth floating on the subsiding waters of faith in a purely scientific relationship to the world .
Paradoxically , inspiration for the renewal of this lost integrity can once again be found in science .
In a science that is new - let us say post - modem - a science producing ideas that in a certain sense allow it to transcend its own limits .
I will give two examples .
The first is the Anthropic Cosmological Principle .
Its authors and adherents have pointed out that from the countless possible courses of its evolution , the universe took the only one that enabled life to emerge .
This is not yet proof that the aim of the universe has always been that it should one day see itself through our eyes .
But how else can this matter be explained ?
I think the Anthropic Cosmological Principle brings us to an idea perhaps as old as humanity itself : that we are not at all just an accidental anomaly , the microscopic caprice of a tiny particle whirling in the endless depths of the universe .
Instead we are mysteriously connected to the entire universe ; we are mirrored in it , just as the entire evolution of the universe is mirrored in us .
Until recently it might have seemed that we were an unhappy bit of mildew on a heavenly body whirling in space among many that have no mildew on them at all .
This was something that classical science could explain .
Yet the moment it begins to appear that we are deeply connected to the entire universe , science reaches the outer limits of its powers .
Because it is founded on the search for universal laws , it cannot deal with singularity , that is , with uniqueness .
The universe is a unique event and a unique story , and so far we are the unique point of that story .
But unique events and stories are the domain of poetry , not science .
With the formulation of the Anthropic Cosmological Principle , science has found itself on the border between formula and story , between science and myth .
In that , however , science has paradoxically returned , in a roundabout way , to man , and offers him - in new clothing - his lost integrity .
It does so by anchoring him once more in the cosmos .
The second example is the Gaia Hypothesis .
This theory brings together proof that the dense network of mutual interactions between the organic and inorganic portions of the Earth 's surface form a single system , a kind of mega- organism , a living planet - Gaia - named after an ancient goddess who is recognizable as an archetype of the Earth Mother in perhaps all religions .
According to the Gaia Hypothesis we are parts of a greater whole .
Our destiny is not dependent merely on what we do for ourselves but also on what we do for Gaia as a whole .
If we endanger her , she will dispense with us in the interests of a higher value - that is , life itself .
What makes the Anthropic Principle and the Gaia Hypothesis so inspiring ?
One simple thing : Both remind us , in modem language , of what we have long suspected , of what we have long projected into our forgotten myths and what perhaps has always lain dormant within us as archetypes .
That is , the awareness of our being anchored in the Earth and the universe , the awareness that we are not here alone nor for ourselves alone , but that we are an integral part of higher , mysterious entities against whom it is not advisable to blaspheme .
This forgotten awareness is encoded in all religions .
All cultures anticipate it in various forms .
It is one of the things that form the basis of man 's understanding of himself , of his place in the world , and ultimately of the world as such .
A modem philosopher once said : " Only a God can save us now . "
Yes , the only real hope of people today is probably a renewal of our certainty that we are rooted in the Earth and , at the same time , the cosmos .
This awareness endows us with the capacity for self - transcendence .
Politicians at international forums may reiterate a thousand times that the basis of the new world order must be universal respect for human rights , but it will mean nothing as long as this imperative does not derive from the respect of the miracle of Being , the miracle of the universe , the miracle of nature , the miracle of our own existence .
Only someone who submits to the authority of the universal order and of creation , who values the right to be part of it and a participant in it , can genuinely value himself and his neighbors , and thus honor their rights as well .
It logically follows that , in today 's multicultural world , the truly reliable path to coexistence , to peaceful coexistence and creative cooperation , must start from what is at the root of all cultures and what lies infinitely deeper in human hearts and minds than political opinion , convictions , antipathies or sympathies : it must be rooted in self - transcendence .
Transcendence as a hand reached out to those close to us , to foreigners , to the human community , to all living creatures , to nature , to the universe ; transcendence as a deeply and joyously experienced need to be in harmony even with what we ourselves are not , what we do not understand , what seems distant from us in time and space , but with which we are nevertheless mysteriously linked because , together with us , all this constitutes a single world .
Transcendence as the only real alternative to extinction .
The Declaration of Independence , adopted two hundred and eighteen years ago in this building , states that the Creator gave man the right to liberty .
It seems man can realize that liberty only if he does not forget the One who endowed him with it .
Thank you for your attention .
Tell A Friend Printer Friendly
WEST POINT , Georgia ( CNN ) --
A community that seemed on the road to becoming a ghost town has taken a turn toward prosperity despite the recession , thanks to an automaker .
A roadside sign in West Point , Georgia , expresses support for Kia 's new factory .
Korean car manufacturer Kia plans to open a sprawling automobile factory in tiny West Point , Georgia , by the end of the year .
The boon has already spurred economic growth -- and just plain excitement -- among residents , said Mayor Drew Ferguson .
" We jokingly call it Kia- ville , " said Ferguson , a 42 - year - old dentist helping to oversee expansion of West Point , population 3,500 .
The announcement is drawing workers and businesses to the community about 80 miles south of Atlanta .
" The revitalization of the community is touching every aspect , " Ferguson said .
" We have infrastructure projects , new subdivisions going up , hotel professional services that are all needed to support the massive manufacturing . "
The plant , which will make Kia 's Sorento sport utility vehicle , has hired 500 workers .
By the time the factory opens , Kia hopes to hire 2,000 more .
A smattering of Kia supply companies will eventually employ 7,500 additional workers .
Watch the town 's excitement about the new factory »
" A lot of people feel that we are the savior for this area , which I hope we will be , " said Randy Jackson , director of human resources for the manufacturing plant .
" We got 43,013 applications ; 75 percent of those applications came from Georgia , and about 20 percent came from our neighboring state of Alabama . "
Some of those applications are coming from auto workers around the country , including Detroit , Michigan , Jackson said .
Overall , West Point stands to gain 20,000 jobs as a result of the factory during the next five years , Ferguson said .
Georgia 's 9.7 percent unemployment rate reported in May is about the same as the June national average of 9.5 percent , according to federal statistics .
The U.S. Department of Labor reported unemployment in a five - county region including West Point at 8.6 percent .
To secure the $ 1.2 billion Kia plant , state and local officials helped assemble land from a former cattle farm to create a 2,200 - acre industrial park .
They also locked in about $ 400 million in tax breaks and other economic incentives .
" We think the investment will pay off big time , " Ferguson said .
" We 're already seeing it .
But it 's not only in the dollars , but in the hope and opportunity , and the ability to create new jobs . "
Ruthann Williams invested her life savings to buy and open the Irish Bred Pub on West Point 's Main Street .
Now she commutes to work 45 minutes a day from her North Georgia home .
" I came here because of Kia , " Williams said .
" We jumped in with both feet and have not looked back one time . "
' My little town was gonna die '
Plans for the new factory have transformed a community that during the past ten years has been becoming a ghost town .
Textile mills that once defined West Point shut down in the 1990s , leaving many out of work .
Debbie Williams , co-owner of the popular Roger 's Bar - B - Que , was worried her business would go under .
" We 'd go downtown and there was nothing there , " Williams said .
" I thought my little town was gonna die . "
Margaret McManus was laid off last year when the textile mill she worked for closed .
The 52 - year - old went back to school to study information technology .
In April she landed a job as a trainer with Daehan Solutions Georgia , a parts supplier for Kia .
McManus said she did n't think in a million years she'd be making car parts .
" The job that I used to do for a long time , we thought we 'd retire there , " McManus said .
" It feels good to go to work everyday and have something to do . "
The signs of transformation in West Point are everywhere .
There 's new construction , including the city 's first new subdivision in 25 years .
And businesses that once struggled are feeling the uptick .
Williams recently replaced her restaurant floor because of all the new foot traffic .
" We see a lot of people we do n't know now .
They want to see where the Kia site 's gonna be built , " Williams said .
" We always say if we can get them in here one time , we can get them back , and they come .
They 're coming back . "
Tom Oswald , owner of West Point Shoe Outlet , said last year was his best year ever .
" Once Kia announced they were opening we 've sold mostly steel - toed shoes for construction workers , " he said .
" Now we 're selling wingtips for men and heels for ladies . "
And Malcolm Malone , who runs M&M Car Wash , said business is booming .
" It 's been up at least 70 percent , " said the 44 - year - old West Point native .
" It 's like Christmas . "
Or perhaps a little divine intervention deserves credit , as a West Point sign pointed out : " Thank You Jesus For Bringing Kia to Our Town . "
New flavors
On Main Street , residents are sampling new flavors that have come to West Point since the announcement .
Asian restaurants and businesses are popping up .
The old Pizza Hut has transformed into a Korean Bar - B - Que , and the southern staple KFC is now a popular Korean eatery called Young 's Garden .
Resident Christy Magbee said West Point is starting to feel like a melting pot .
" You got the culture coming in .
You do n't have to travel to Atlanta anymore .
It 's starting to come here , " she said .
" The old downtown is new again .
It 's an exciting time , " Ferguson said .
" For us there 's a light at the end of the tunnel . "
CNN 's Alina Cho contributed to this report .
All About Georgia • Kia Motors Corporation • Unemployment Rate
When Fox announced the return of Futurama earlier this year , fans were ecstatic .
Shortly thereafter , the network let everyone down by saying they were recasting the voices due to salary issues and a decreased budget .
Thankfully , however , disaster has been averted .
This very afternoon , Fox has closed new deals with the original castmembers .
Says a rep for the series , " Maurice LaMarche announced that he would be returning on his Facebook page . "
Katey Sagal and Tress MacNeille 's deals are official as well , and a Futurama rep tells us , " [ We ] hope to have deals with all five by end of day . "
New episodes of Futurama should be ready by mid-2010 .
WASHINGTON  Jim Mitchell and Bruce Jessen were military retirees and psychologists , on the lookout for business opportunities .
They found an excellent customer in the Central Intelligence Agency , where in 2002 they became the architects of the most important interrogation program in the history of American counterterrorism .
They had never carried out a real interrogation , only mock sessions in the military training they had overseen .
They had no relevant scholarship ; their Ph.D. dissertations were on high blood pressure and family therapy .
They had no language skills and no expertise on Al Qaeda .
But they had psychology credentials and an intimate knowledge of a brutal treatment regimen used decades ago by Chinese Communists .
For an administration eager to get tough on those who had killed 3,000 Americans , that was enough .
So “ Doc Mitchell ” and “ Doc Jessen , ” as they had been known in the Air Force , helped lead the United States into a wrenching conflict over torture , terror and values that seven years later has not run its course .
By Don Fitz
August 22 , 2009 --
An action can have opposite effects , depending on it s social contexts .
An isolated individual who protests company policy by refusing to go to work could well get fired and become an example used to intimidate others .
When an entire workforce stays off the job , it ’s called a “ strike ” and has a very good chance of forcing the company to change its policy .
As positive as they may be for friends and family , individual lifestyles of non-violence do not stop wars from being fought .
But a society that eliminates corporate control of the economy gets rid of the need for expansion and takes an enormous step towards non-violence .
In this context , non-violent lifestyles solidify non-violent global politics .
It is even more so with “ energy efficiency ” .
It is impossible for individual choices to purchase energy - efficient products to have any positive effect on climate change .
But , in a democratically run economy , energy efficiency would be a cornerstone of resolving the catastrophic legacy of production for profit .
Energy efficiency is not reducing the consumption of energy .
This is true despite claims from green businesses , Al Gore and Amory Lovins that it is the best way to cut the use of coal , oil , gas and nukes .
Put these claims out of your mind for a couple of minutes and common sense will make it clear why efficiency does n’t deliver .
If prices go down , use goes up
If you want to reduce the use of anything ( energy included ) , what ’s the first idea that hops into your mind ?
Most people say “ raise prices ” .
If something costs more , people use less .
If the price of gasoline jumps to $ 5 per gallon , people drive less .
The flip side is :
If you want people to buy more of something , reduce the price .
Stores advertise sales because they get customers buying .
Energy efficiency is like putting energy on sale .
If you insulate your home , get a fuel efficient car , or buy an appliance that runs on less electricity , then your energy costs go down .
This makes it cheaper to use energy .
Just as making energy more expensive means people will use less , making energy cheaper ( or more efficient ) leads to the expectation that people will use more .
It is only because we are told over and over again that energy efficiency results in less energy use that we would believe something that violates economic common sense .
If a home is more energy efficient , it is tempting to turn the heat up to 72 –75 degrees F ( rather than down to 60 – 65 degrees F ) .
If cars have more stringent fuel - efficiency standards , expect more motorists to buy SUV equivalents and drive them more miles .
Fuel efficiency could be the death knell for mass transit — expect CO 2 to pour from cement companies trying to supply widened roads for an influx of fuel - efficient cars .
Products designed to be energy efficient are low cost energy on steroids .
First , people use the product more because it is cheaper .
Second , once people have spent money on a product , the best way to get a return on an investment is to use it as much as possible .
No one buys something in order to not use it .
Efficiency tends to result in energy use going up rather than down .
This “ rebound effect ” was observed as long ago as 1865 when Stanley Jevons wrote The Coal Question .
New industrial techniques meant that only one third as much coal was needed to produce a ton of iron .
Far from reducing the amount of coal used , the new methods were followed by a 10 - fold increase during 1860 – 1863 in Wales . [ 1 ]
In 1980 , Danile Khazoom and Len Brookes surveyed a range of technological improvements and confirmed that during the previous century increases in efficiency were followed by increased energy use . [ 2 ]
Variously known as the “ Jevons Paradox ” and the “ Khazoom - Brookes Postulate ” , these concepts are well known by writers on energy but kept in the closet by efficiency proponents .
Ted Trainer emphasises that if people carefully avoid using their energy - efficiency devices , they will use whatever money they save to buy something else , which then leads to energy use during the production and consumption of the other product . [ 3 ]
Jeff Dardozzi extends that reasoning , pointing out that if , instead of buying more stuff , people put their energy - saved money in the bank , that simply results in saved funds being loaned to others who start businesses or make purchases , thus feeding into the energy increase cycle via an indirect route . [ 4 ]
Pat Murphy has a particularly clear analysis of how the process works with US homes , which have steadily become more energy efficient over decades .
Newer homes use fewer BTUs per square foot , but the number of square feet per person in a 2007 home was about three times what it had been in 1950 .
“ Thus improvements in building efficiency have not provided significant energy savings because as we add efficiency features , we make houses larger , fewer people reside in them and they use more energy - consuming appliances than ever before ” . [ 5 ]
A larger goal
Even though energy efficiency , by itself , does not result in lowered energy use , it does not have to be that way .
If efficiency were not treated as a goal but only as a means to a larger goal , it could become a powerful tool for lowering energy use .
During World War II , people in many countries accepted a limitation on their consumption via rationing cards .
Everyone received the same amount of essential commodities as part of the larger struggle to protect the world from fascism .
A similar system of rationing energy use would change energy efficiency from being a cause of increased energy use to a way for everyone to stay within their quota .
Every purchase , including homes , heating , cars , gasoline , appliances and electricity for using appliances , embodies a certain amount of greenhouse gases ( GHG ) that could be calculated as “ CO 2 equivalent values ” .
It would be no more difficult to record these for each person than it is to record credit card purchases .
In a rationing system , people would receive feedback if they were using too much energy and needed to cut back to avoid their energy use being halted .
George Monbiot describes a quota system that would begin by dividing the total amount of CO 2 equivalency available to everyone by the number of people to determine the quantity everyone would be allowed .
Everyone would receive a carbon debit card which would record purchases of fuel and electricity . [ 6 ]
Once people were used to such a system , the quota could be reduced by 2 – 4 % per year until a sustainable level was reached .
A quota system would not be a series of restrictions and prohibitions .
It would be highly flexible : People would decide for themselves how to keep within their limits .
No one would be forced to go without a car or buy any particular type of car .
At the beginning of rationing , most people would probably live their lives about the same .
As the quota dropped to 90 % of original carbon levels , people would have to start making choices .
Should we get rid of the spare refrigerator in the garage ?
Or maybe not cook with the oven all summer when the air conditioner is on ?
Or endure the pain of using a towel instead of a hair dryer ?
Or suffer the agony of not having all the lights on when not at home ?
The only option not available would be doing everything as before .
At this stage , most low - income people would not have to make any choices because they would already be using less carbon than the quota level .
But the richer someone was , the more changes that person would have to make at the very beginning .
As the quota dropped from 90 % to 70 % , then to 50 % and even 10 % of the original carbon equivalent levels , more and more options would be lopped off ; but considerable life style alternatives would remain .
With lower levels of energy use , it is very likely that people could still choose either a personal hybrid car ( instead of relying on mass transportation , car sharing and biking ) or a home with a spare room for an office , or a clothes dryer or a vacation twice a year .
If a person wanted more than one of these , it would probably be essential to have highly energy efficient devices in all other aspects of the person ’s life .
Again , the only unavailable choice would be “ I want all of that and more ” .
Equality as a prerequisite for climate stabilisation
To make this work , it would be critical to address needs of low - income people .
Just as those with little money are stuck with the oldest and most polluting cars , they have homes with the worst insulation and greatest need for heating .
A serious approach to combating climate change requires a massive social commitment to providing energy - efficient homes and transportation to those in greatest need .
The most unsettling limitation would be on air travel .
Since jets cause exorbitant quantities of GHGs , George Monbiot concludes that foregoing air travel would be the one true sacrifice needed for a climate - sane world . [ 7 ]
But even this luxury may only need to be tamed rather than eliminated .
Ted Trainer calculates that using his “ Simpler Way ” could lower electricity usage to “ under 2 % of the typical rich - world household consumption ” . [ 8 ]
Since Monbiot estimates that carbon consumption must be reduced by 90 % and Trainer figures that a 98 % reduction is possible , a little arithmetic indicates that a person adopting the Simpler Way should be able to fly round trip New York - London once every nine years and still reduce carbon emissions to 10 % of current levels .
Of course , there are big barriers to rationing carbon emissions .
The first is that corporate environmentalists are saying things like , “ The world is in serious crisis but relatively frivolous actions are all we need ” .
This is epitomised in Al Gore ’s An Inconvenient Truth , which is on target for describing the problem but then trivialises its magnitude by suggesting that different light bulbs and such will do the trick .
Rational people conclude that if no serious response is needed then the problem ca n’t be serious .
Those who truly understand that climate change is comparable to the Nazi onslaught are ready to discuss the extent to which our society must mobilise to halt its collapse .
Inequality is perhaps the reason for trivialisation .
As long as those with wealth and power live in mansions and fly personal jets , their calls for others to sacrifice so that they can squander will fall on burnt ears .
In a carbon rationing system , those who have the most will have to give up the most and right now it looks like they are using their control of industry , government and media to divert attention from the types of deep green changes that need to be made .
The popular concept of energy efficiency , as an uncoordinated amalgam of individualistic lifestyle choices , will only worsen the crises of energy exhaustion and global warming .
With rationing , energy efficiency would have the opposite effect by becoming a universally valued technique of staying within quota restrictions .
What stands in the way is not the unwillingness of the many to confront the crisis but the insistence of the few on holding onto their privileges .
[ Don Fitz is editor of Synthesis / Regeneration : A Magazine of Green Social Thought , which is published for members of The Greens / Green Party USA .
He can be reached by email at fitzdon [ at ] aol.com . ]
Notes
1. Monbiot , G. ( 2007 ) .
Heat : How to stop the planet from burning .
Cambridge , MA : South End Press , p. 61 .
2. Dardozzi , J. The specter of Jevons ’ Paradox , Synthesis / Regeneration 47 , Fall , 2008 , p. 15 .
3. Trainer , T. ( 2007 ) .
Renewable energy cannot sustain a consumer society .
Dordrecht , The Netherlands : Springer , p. 116 .
4. Dardozzi , p. 16
5. Murphy , P. ( 2008 ) .
Plan C : Community survival strategies for peak oil and climate change .
Gabriola Island , BC : New Society Publishers , p. 14 .
6. Monbiot mentions several proposed quota systems .
He believes that carbon quotas of everything besides fuel and electricity would be reflected in higher prices for higher carbon usage .
He also advocates a huge decrease at the outset of the system rather than a gradual 2 – 4 % decrease .
pp. 43 –58 .
7. Monbiot , pp. 170 –188 .
In 2005 Fortune magazine published a piece by Adam Lashinsky called Burning Sensation , which described the threat craigslist posed to newspapers .
But it did n't ignore the threat that other tech companies posed to craigslist :
" Even as Craigslist flexes its considerable muscles , the disruptor is facing the challenge of disruption ...
eBay has started Kijiji , a classified business for non-U.S. markets that can only be described as Craigslist - like .
Netscape co-founder Marc Andreessen is behind a company called Ning , whose software includes an application called Anytown Marketplace that can build online classified sites .
The biggest threat , as usual , is Google .
It has introduced Google Base , where users can upload anything — e.g. , " 49ers tickets for sale " — into its searchable database ...
Google 's technological prowess — and money — mean it can add features in weeks that Craigslist has contemplated for years . "
Three years later the story was still the same .
" Nimble start - ups like Kijiji and Oodle are challenging Craigslist 's long - standing reign as the undisputed leader in web classified ads , " announced Time .
The story , " Taking Aim at Craigslist , " by Anita Hamilton , had this to say :
In the U.S. , Kijiji has become the second most trafficked , general - purpose classified site just one year since it launched ....
Even as lesser rivals fall by the wayside — Microsoft 's Windows Live Expo is shuttering on July 31 — newcomers such as Kijiji and Oodle are gaining real traction .
Better designed and marketed , these upstarts are reshaping a long - stagnant sector of the web .
These were predictions about the future from the past .
Now , we 're actually in the future .
How did things turn out ?
Here are the most recent traffic results from Comscore .
Obviously , craigslist is killing Kijiji , despite the fact that Kijiji has the marketing and technical support of one of the sector 's most powerful companies behind it .
And when I looked on Google Base today I did n't see a single local , person - to - person classified listing .
Meanwhile , after five years in business and more than $ 20 million in venture funding , Oodle 's listings and traffic remain minuscule .
Craigslist , though huge in traffic , is small in every other way : small in staff , small in features , small in technical ambition and relatively small in revenue .
But it has resisted attack from larger , better funded and more profitable competitors .
In this post I 'm going to try to explain how small beats big in this market .
First , let 's turn the question around , and list some assumptions about the way things are supposed to work .
Why does big usually beat small ?
Over time , a bigger and richer competitor is going to produce more new features , engage in more aggressive marketing , reward intermediaries more generously , influence and exploit government regulation , and engage in legal conflicts that tax the resources and attention of its rivals .
Also , of course , a bigger firm can often simply buy out a smaller competitor .
Big businesses fail all the time , and new startups arise .
But the destiny of these new entrants , if they succeed , is to become big .
I had coffee a few weeks ago with an entrepreneur who advises venture capital firms , and he mentioned that one of the clear cut reasons for declining to invest in a startup is when the founders say proudly " we want to stay small . "
There is a desperate inventiveness to entrepreneurs as they struggle against the suffocating weight of a better capitalized foe .
The more they flail , the more they sink .
Even their successes hurt them , by drawing attention to the money to be made .
If they focus on new features , they are lost , as their competitor goes faster .
If they advertise , they are doubly lost :
This is also an arms race , but with mostly ersatz weapons .
If they match lawsuit for lawsuit they are lost for a third time , because even if they have enough cash to retaliate for a while , legal conflicts cannot be outsourced in their entirely , and hassle of the proceedings distracts them and worries them until they begin to find tempting the prospect of a remunerative capitulation .
So the entrepreneurial saga ends : crushed , corporatized or sold .
Craigslist 's competitors have used every asset of bigness .
Oodle , with its $ 20 + million in venture financing , has focused on playing nicely with others , sharing its revenue in exchange for referrals .
Google Base offers sophisticated technical features .
And eBay – well , eBay has tried just about everything : features , marketing , investment in craigslist and even a lawsuit .
All have failed .
The first explanation of how craigslist beats eBay is that craigslist 's uncompromising simplicity has the effect of making new features seem pointless .
The site 's pages load instantly , and you do n't have to create a user account .
CEO Jim Buckmaster and founder Craig Newmark have insisted craigslist 's main assets remain convenience , speed , the ethic of a " level playing field " and no ads aside from the listings themselves .
The desires of technically sophisticated users for clever features are always deprecated .
A side effect of this decision is that craigslist avoids competing in a new - features arms race with eBay , Google or this year 's venture capital favorite .
Users , accustomed to instant loading , a familiar interface , and a lack of friction in posting and responding , are less vulnerable to being seduced by the next neat thing .
There is an annoying lack of features on craigslist .
But features , in this scenario , may actually be bugs .
Or , as a prospector in a remote part of Canada once told me proudly , showing off the crude diesel motor on his boat : " What 's not there can't break . "
To be sure , heavy marketing , the purchase of smaller competitors and legal action have produced growth for eBay 's Kijiji .
Buying the leading classified sites in countries where craigslist never had a presence , it became a global player .
Buying 25 percent of craigslist from an ex-partner of Craig Newmark , it gained access to a portion of craigslist 's revenue , along with the ability to harass the company as a shareholder .
Traffic results show that Kijiji is losing , for now .
But traffic is ticking upward , and were they to stay in the game , they might well be able to bully their way to an advantage , just as a heavier , stronger wrestler , through patience and the force of gravity , can eventually wear down a more skillful opponent .
Once the advantage turns , the end is swift .
But in this case , Kijiji is facing an additional threat , one that marketing and consolidation can't fix .
Craigslist 's ultimate method of holding its lead against a competitor is so counterintuitive that it seems like something out of a fairy tale .
It grows stronger through dieting .
Online classifieds can be managed with great efficiency ; there is a lot of value being created at very little expense .
Since craigslist does n't do any marketing , rarely adds new features , keeps the staff small , and , most importantly , since its owners have decided not to maximize revenue , there is basically nothing to do with all that value but leave it to the users , in the form of free service .
By doing so much for so many for so little , craigslist starves the entire sector for cash .
The error eBay is making can be seen clearly in this slide from their presentation to investors last spring .
The slide gives eBay 's estimate for the total value of the global online classifieds market .
As you can see , eBay believes this market is huge : $ 17 billion in 2008 , growing to $ 22 billion in 2010 .
And here is the slide that shows eBay 's revenue from classifieds in 2005 and 2008 .
Again , seems like good news .
If both the trends in these slides continue as described , 10 years from now eBay will have a $ 10 billion revenue stream in a $ 60 billion dollar market .
That 's something worth fighting for .
Finally , here 's a slide that shows all the ways eBay plans to " monetize " the classifieds market ; in other words , where that $ 10 billion will come from .
They 've got countless ideas about how to make users pay : fees for listings , percentage of sales , premium placement , ads on top of ads .
But now apply some common sense and a calculator .
Craigslist earns a fraction of what eBay does from classifieds listings .
And craigslist , with its proven approach , its dominance of the U.S. market and its relatively new commitment to spread around the world , will have a lot more influence over the market price for this sort of service than eBay will .
What is this price today ?
Craigslist serves about 50 million unique users per month .
It brings in an estimated $ 8 million in monthly revenue .
This gives each user an approximate monthly " value " of about $ 0.15 .
( There are other ways to do this sort of crude estimate , but all of them point to the same conclusion . )
In this thought experiment , if the entire adult population of Europe uses an online classified marketplace every month , the total European online classified market is still worth less than $ 750 million .
Add the entire adult population of the United States , Canada and Mexico , and you barely top $ 1 billion .
And that 's the total market size in terms of revenue , not earnings , seen through the lens of Craigslist .
Meanwhile , what other things do eBay executives have to occupy their attention ?
With its subsidiary PayPal , eBay is competing in the 600 billion online payments market , and with its subsidiary Skype it is competing in the $ 1.4 trillion online communications market .
How much attention are they going to have for the battle over local online classifieds , when there is a company of only a few dozen people willing and able to serve almost the entire market , at a price that is almost free ?
For a company of eBay 's size and ambition , a fractional share of $ 1 billion market rounds down to zero .
As long as craigslist can support its 30 employees on " merely " an estimated $ 100 million in revenue , there simply is n't enough cash in this space to keep a giant - sized competitor interested over the long term .
When I first saw Jim Buckmaster talk , in 2004 , he described his strategy in three words : unbrand , uncompete and demonetize .
His victory over eBay illustrates the paradoxical power of demonetization .
Tomorrow :
The difference between niche and small .
See Also :
A dozen white , plastic fish boxes stand jumbled on the floor of a former fish - gutting plant in the pretty town of Urk in the northern Netherlands .
Each box overflows with what appear to be large , serrated pebbles or small serrated boulders .
In fact , they are the fossilised teeth of mammoths .
Some are as big as melons .
Others are the size of cricket balls – the molars of baby mammoths , which died prematurely from hunger , or the claws and fangs of a predator , 40,000 years ago .
All around is a prehistoric boneyard .
Propped against the walls are immense , curved mammoth tusks or mammoth thigh bones , five feet high .
On the shelves are fragments of the jaw bone of a woolly rhinoceros and the skull and horns of a 10,000 - year - old , extinct species of giant bison .
All have been scooped accidentally from the bed of the North Sea by Dutch beam trawlers in the last few months .
Most are destined to be sold on to specialist sites on the internet .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
They are just a fragment of an immense North Sea bone harvest – a " by - catch " of fossils .
In the past 18 years , powerful Dutch beam trawlers and dredgers are estimated to have landed 200 tonnes of the fossilised remains of animals from a score of different species ( and the remains and artefacts from human beings of two different species ) .
In the past 40 years , it is estimated , Dutch trawlers have landed 15,000 mammoth teeth alone .
This , in turn , is probably only a minuscule fraction of a treasure - trove of prehistory which lies still undiscovered under the grey waves between the coasts of England and the Netherlands .
The fact that the lower North Sea was once ( until about 7,500 years ago ) a land bridge between Britain and the continent is well enough known .
What has only recently and gradually become accepted – by scientists who for many years ignored the evidence on their own watery doorsteps – is that the area now covered by the North Sea was not just a barren " land bridge " .
It was for tens of thousands of years a teeming plain of Ice Age wildlife , equivalent to the richest game reserves of Africa .
Dick Mol , a Dutch customs official and amateur palaeontologist who has become one of the greatest living experts on the " lost world " of the North Sea , calls it " a Serengeti with its coat on " .
The man who runs the fossil clearing station at Urk is Albert Hoekman , 44 , a former fisherman who now works part - time as a collector and wholesaler of bones to the world fossil trade .
Mr Hoekman is a key member of a network set up by Mr Mol and his friends .
He visits fishing boats when they arrive in ports all over the Netherlands each Thursday and Friday morning and buys their by - catch of bones .
He tries to ensure that historically or scientifically interesting fossils are set aside for examination by experts .
The rest go for sale on the internet or directly to museums or collectors .
It is to this informal system that the scientific world owes many important North Sea discoveries .
" I was a fisherman myself for 17 years , " Mr Hoekman said .
" There was a time not long ago when we fished up this stuff and we just threw it back in the sea .
We had no idea what it was .
OK , it was obviously something much larger than a drowned cow but that did n't interest us much . "
The remains of mammoths , of three different species of woolly rhinos as well as hippos , lions , bears , wild horses , bison , elk , reindeer , hyenas , wolves and sabre tooth cats of at least two species have been trawled from the bottom of the North Sea in the past 140 years ( but with increasing intensity in the past 20 years as bottom - scraping , beam trawlers have become more powerful ) .
A fossil leg bone brought up from the sea bottom by a Dutch beam trawler last year proved that a giant sabre - toothed cat , as heavy as a horse , lived on the " North Sea plain " around a million years ago – much further north than scientists had previously imagined .
The discovery of part of a Neanderthal skull by a Dutch shell dredger in 2001 – first publicised last month – suggested that our enigmatic , hirsute near - cousins were active on what is now the bed of the North Sea 60,000 years ago .
Scores of artefact finds by Dutch boats suggest that the mysterious Mesolithic people , who lived between the two stone ages , had widespread settlements in the very middle of what is now the North Sea around 10,000 years ago .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
This landscape – or the final version of a series of appearing and disappearing landscapes spread over more than 1.5 million years – was finally obliterated by global warming and the gradual melting of the last great ice sheet about 7,500 years ago .
A team of palaeontologists from Birmingham University – Vincent Gaffney , Simon Fitch and David Smith – has mapped a part of this vanished world , by computerising seismic survey data from the oil industry .
In a book published last year , Europe 's Lost World ; the Rediscovery of Doggerland , they electronically pulled away the shrouds of sea-water and mud to trace the river valleys , giant lakes and the low hills of a " paradise lost " as large as the United Kingdom .
The Doggerland book is evidence of a growing scientific interest in the lost land below the North Sea .
The interest has been awakened partly by the sheer volume , and the scientific importance , of fossil discoveries by trawlers in recent years but also by fears that man-made global warming could produce a renewed melting of the ice cap .
Stories of lost lands below the sea – from the Greek " Atlantis " to the Irish " Tir na n' Og " ( land of eternal youth ) – are part of human legend .
Climate change , and the threat of the flooding of low - lying land , could also make them part of our future .
The renewed scientific interest has also brought accusations that the bed of the North Sea is being pillaged and that potentially important discoveries are being lost to science .
Dutch trawlers , it is suggested by some archaeologists in Britain and France , are turning away from the unprofitable business of fishing for fish and have taken to fishing for bones .
On the internet , the archaeologists point out , there are several US - based , fossil trading sites which are fed almost exclusively by trawler finds from the North Sea .
All of this amuses , and slightly angers , the team of self - taught , but expert Dutch palaeontologists , including Dick Mol , who have been trying for years to persuade the international , scientific community that the bed of the North Sea is a remarkable place .
Far from being criticised , they say , the Dutch trawling industry should be praised for discovering , and for rescuing , so much .
Are Dutch beam trawlers really going out looking for fossils to adorn New York or Los Angeles living rooms ?
" This is total bullshit , " said Mr Mol .
" It could not possibly be commercially viable for trawlers to do this . "
Eighteen years ago , Mr Mol and a group of friends began to organise the Dutch fishing industry into a network of " accidental archaeologists " .
They gave the skippers of beam trawlers cash incentives to keep all the fossils that they found , however dull or ugly , and to keep detailed logs of where they found them .
Klaas Post , a fishing industry executive from Urk , is another member of Mr Mol 's team .
( It was Mr Post who was responsible for the first sabre - toothed cat find in 2000 . )
" It is ridiculous to say that Dutch trawlers are deliberately fishing for bones to sell , " he said .
" They would never find enough fossils to pay for their ship 's fuel .
There is , of course , a demand for North Sea fossils from collectors but it is not a limitless market .
There are more than enough fossils coming from normal fishing to provide what the collectors want . "
The only Dutch bone - fishing expeditions – 16 of them in the past eight years – have been organised for scientific purposes and paid for by Mr Mol , Mr Post and their friends or by documentary film companies .
Since joining up with Mr Mol and Mr Post and their team , the former fisherman , Mr Hoekman has , himself , become a self - taught expert on Ice Age fossils .
There is no real conflict between commerce and science , he says .
The " phew - look - at - that " stuff that is in demand by fossil collectors – a mammoth tusk at € 500 ( £ 430 ) or a mammoth tooth at € 60 – is usually of limited scientific interest .
Mr Hoekman admits that the system is not perfect .
He hands on anything that is scientifically valuable – for instance , any bone with signs of human axe marks – to Mr Post and Mr Mol .
But there are three or four other bone traders operating in Dutch fishing ports .
Their interests are purely commercial .
" There was one time when I saw a human skull on top of a pile of other fossils .
Before I could do so , one of the other traders had bought it .
We will now probably never know what it was . "
British palaeontologists , including the authors of the Doggerland book , also complain that beam trawling is ravaging the bottom of the North Sea and making future scientific study of this Lost Word impossible .
( Beam trawling involves dragging a heavy bar of metal along the sea floor to force flat fish , like sole , into the nets above ) .
" These complaints are based on ignorance of what the lower North Sea is like , " said Mr Post .
" There are so many currents down there and the sea is so shallow that every big storm churns up the mud on the sea bottom .
This explains why we keep finding so many fossils .
New ones are being forced up through the mud to the sea floor by storms all the time . "
Nonetheless , beam trawling is due to be banned by the European Union in the next three or four years because , it is claimed , it damages the marine environment and uses up too much fuel .
A form of " electronic " trawling " , using a virtual " beam " to scare plaice and sole into the nets , is being developed .
What will this mean for the North Sea bone , or giant fossil , harvest ?
" No more bones .
It is all coming to an end .
That means no more fossil trade but also no more scientifically important finds .
A pity , " Mr Post , said shrugging his shoulders .
Mr Mol is not ready to give up just yet .
" I am hoping that the Dutch government will keep a couple of beam trawlers for scientific or archaeological purposes , " he said .
" If not , I am looking into the possibility of buying one myself .
How many fossils are there still down there ?
I would say millions . "
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
during the election , the stupid hung thick in the air every time Hillary Clinton 's ritualistic orphan murder habit was mentioned
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
citncitn om nom nom ?
for every veggie the robot eats , i am going to eat 3 robot cows !
I think Digg got off easy here .
I 've seen these ass - necks act way dumber than this -- ___________Reddit's sort of like Digg , in the sense that user submitted links get voted up or down depending on whether the attached image contains nipple or just sidebreast .
Sample Comments on the Flesh Eating Robot Story Also : Link .
And : Link . bobbles
Nice try robot ... we know the inventors have been eaten .
JoshFiles2 why !@!?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!
JoshFiles2 NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!! :((((( U R MEAN slavox Wut? JoshFiles2 < <<<>>>>>
Canadian_Infidel Robots that can EAT YOU .
I picture a tank driving through a crowd , picking people up by the throat with the claw and holding them over the burner .
Then it uses the chainsaw to lop of parts of it's victim so they fall into the burner , all the while the person is alive watching the flesh be consumed to fuel the machine that is still in the act of tearing them apart .
The best part is you could throw kids right in without even chopping them up first .
Hell you would n't even need them to be dead .
snark " It 's " is a contraction of " it is . "
" Its " is the possessive form Stroggoth Snark 's right , " its boiler " is it , it 's not " it's " .
crxvfr no its not Mr_Smartypants
Yes , it's .
p3on STEAMPUNK STEAMPUNK LITERALLY EVERYTHING IN THE FUCKING WORLD IS STEAMPUNK .
STEAMPUNK OWNS FUCK YASE STEAMPUNK STTTTTTEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Pfmohr2
Once again , this is being taken completely too far , without proper context .
Technically the title is not incorrect , but pretty damn close .
This thing runs off of a biomass boiler .
Now , I 'm sure you all understand how a boiler works ; heat+water=steam .
The steam would be used to power the machine .
Now , how does one create heat ?
Burning things .
What is burned ?
Combustibles aka biomass .
Namely wood .
If you look at the designs on the claw , there is an attached chainsaw .
That is because the main source of fuel for this bad boy will be wood .
Technically bodies could be used , but quite frankly they are not going to burn with the consistency and intensity needed to keep that boiler going .
I have literally not seen a single link to this on reddit which does not claim this thing will be fueled by bodies ; technically possible , but far from the ideal fuel .
I bought pints of various berries , divided each batch into two samples , and heated one by immersing and swishing its plastic basket in a pot of hot water .
I emptied the heated sample onto towels to cool down and dry .
Then I repacked it , and encouraged both baskets to spoil by wrapping them airtight and letting them sweat on the kitchen counter .
After 24 hours I counted the moldy berries in each basket .
The strawberries fared best when I heated them at 125 degrees for 30 seconds .
In two samples from different sources , this treatment gave a total of 1 moldy berry out of 30 , where the untreated baskets had 14 .
I also treated some bruised berries , including one with a moldy tip .
After 24 hours none were moldy .
The tip mold not only had n’t spread , it had disappeared .
I tried the same treatment , 125 degrees for 30 seconds , on raspberries and blackberries , and got the same good results .
There were many fewer moldy berries in the heated samples .
For thicker - skinned blueberries , a Canadian study recommended a 140 - degree treatment for 30 seconds .
I tested it twice , with samples of around 150 berries each time .
That heat took the bloom off .
It melted the natural wax that gives the berries their whitish cast , and left them midnight blue .
It also cut the number of moldy berries from around 20 per sample to 2 .
Research has also shown that exposure to hot air slows fruit spoilage .
But hot air can take several hours , and I found it harder than hot water to apply precisely in the kitchen .
I did spread some raspberries out on a sheet pan lined with towels , and put them in a 150 - degree non-convection oven for 20 minutes .
The berry bottoms got hotter than the tops , which were cooled by evaporation .
Still , only 1 out of 48 heated berries became moldy , compared with 7 out of 52 in the unheated basket .
Why is it that delicate berries can survive heat high enough to kill mold and injure fingers ?
Probably because they have to do so in the field .
One study of tomatoes found that intense sunlight raised their interiors to 122 degrees .
Such heat hurts the quality of growing fruits , but I could n’t taste much of an effect on briefly heated ripe fruits .
So if you find yourself plagued by quickly spoiling fruits , start giving them a brief hot bath before you spread them out or chill them .
Thermotherapy can be healthy for all concerned .
VANCOUVER , British Columbia , July 1 ( UPI ) -- A British Columbia man living in a polygamist sect has 25 wives and 101 children with brides as young as 15 , the Royal Canadian Mounted Police allege .
Winston Blackmore , 52 , is charged with one count of practicing polygamy as a member of the Bountiful sect , which has about 1,000 members , CTV News reported .
Advertisement
In an affidavit filed with the provincial Supreme Court , the RCMP alleges since 1976 , Blackmore had nine child brides , four of whom were 15 , CTV reported .
Tuesday in Vancouver , he told reporters " that 's wrong " as documents were being filed for a pre-trial hearing .
The RCMP named four of the brides who allegedly had their first children by Blackmore before they turned 18 .
Federal law was changed in 2008 to raise the age of marital consent to 16 from 14 , CTV said .
His lawyers have said his defense will be the ban on polygamy violates Canada 's Charter of Rights and Freedoms .
Preliminary hearings are scheduled for April , but Blackmore 's lawyers are trying to have the case thrown out on procedural issues , CTV said .
Quick Facts Essential Facts Interesting Facts Animal waste is 30 times greater than human waste , generating around 1.4 billion tons yearly .
Reindeer milk contains more fat content than cow milk .
Zoophobia refers to the fear of animals .
Rodent teeth grow continuously .
Humans share 98.4 % DNA with chimps .
Ostriches are faster runners than horses ; male ostriches roar like lions .
Aside from human females , elephants and humpback whales are the only mammals who menopause .
A kangaroo with a lifted tail could not hop as it is essential for balance .
You can flee a crocodile jaw grip by pushing your thumb into its eyeballs .
Newborn horses can walk and run within a few hours of being born .
The head of a garden caterpillar contains 248 muscles .
A woodpecker has a pecking speed of 20 times / second .
Alcohol makes a scorpion crazy to the point of stinging itself to death , even with a small amount .
Tigers have stripes as humans have thumbmarks which serve as their identification .
Humans can detect a skunk ’s smell by a mile .
Alaska bans ear - whispering during moose hunting .
Tarantula spiders can last over 2 years without food .
A snail can grow a new eye when it is cut .
The humming of houseflies is in the F key .
The ability to recognize landmarks helps birds in navigating .
Table of Contents 01
The tuxedo plumage of Adélie penguin is a form of camouflage .
02 Ants have 2 stomachs .
03 Anteaters are toothless carnivores .
04 Part of the arctic fox diet is its own waste .
05 The hatching of barn owl eggs is asynchronous .
06 Among the mammals on earth , the bat is the slowest in terms of reproduction .
07 In animal testing , beagles are the most used species of dogs .
08 The bearded dragon has an essential beard for a reason .
09 Beaver has a specially - designed body for its semi-aquatic lifestyle .
10 The Bengal tiger boasts of having a built - in first aid kit .
11 In its natural habitat , the blobfish does not always look like a blob .
12 Square undershot jaws are the most prominent distinguishing feature of boxer dogs .
13 Among all predators on Earth , the brown bear is the only species that eat both meat and plants .
14 Bull sharks are one of the deadliest shark species .
15 Camel humps are adaptable fat storages .
16 Cats are superior to dogs when it comes to intelligence .
17 Mating among tigers and lions is more common than you think .
18 Cheetah vision sees from 3 miles away .
19 Chicken vision is better than that of humans .
20
The color of eggs that chickens produce is predictable from their ear lobe colors .
21 Chihuahuas are the smallest dog breed .
22 Chimpanzees are bipedal animals .
23 Clownfish are immune to the sting of sea anemones .
24 A headless cockroach can still survive for up to 2 weeks .
25 Despite being a wild cat , the cougar does not have the ability to roar .
26 Determining a cow ’s age is possible by counting its horn rings .
27 The fur of coyote varies from the location of its residence .
28 Crocodile boasts of the strongest bite among any other creature in the world .
29 The island of Mauritius in the Indian Ocean once served as the only habitat of the dodo bird .
30 Dog nose prints are as unique as human thumbprints .
31 Dolphins are susceptible to drowning .
32 The superior visual range of dragonflies comes with the ability to see across several spectrums .
33 A sleeping duck can keep one of its eyes open and control which brain side stays awake .
34 No matter how intimidating an earwig might appear , it is harmless to humans .
35 The echidna is an egg - laying mammal .
36 Elephants boast of having very developed memories .
37 The flamingo eats upside - down .
38 As a ruminant , the giraffe has 4 stomachs .
39 While the golden retriever makes a great watchdog , it is not the best security dog .
40 The digestive tract of a goldfish does not have a stomach .
41 Grasshoppers have 5 eyes .
42 Gray wolf can communicate to another of its kind from over 50 sq mi of land .
43 Another feces - eating animal is the guinea pig .
44 The hippopotamus sweat blood .
45 The honey badger has a reputation for being violent predators .
46 Horse ’s teeth reveal its age .
47
The hummingbird is the only bird species that can fly backward .
48 4 layers of feathers cover up the king penguin .
49 Mother ’s milk is more important to a kitten than it seems .
50 The tail of a lemur is longer than the length of its body .
51 A typical day for a lion consists of 16 - 20 hours of sleep .
52 The lobster executes waste excretion from their faces .
53 Macaroni penguin is an aggressive lover .
54 Humans are similar to monkeys when it comes to expressing emotions .
55 Contrary to popular belief , mountain gorillas are usually calm .
56 The tail of the otter serves as both a rudder and a weapon .
57 Owls are the quietest among the birds of prey .
58 Pandas have a unique way of communicating .
59 The scales of the pangolin are made of the same material as that of human fingernails .
60
On a closer look , the panther is not as black as it seems .
61 The lung fluke became the earliest known parasite in humans .
62 The tail of the peacock makes up over 60 % of its body ’s total length .
63 Seeing a platypus is only possible in the wildlife sanctuaries of Australia .
64 Polar bears count among the most untracked species on Earth .
65 There are 2 official colors for pugs .
66 The title ‘ The Happiest Animals in The World ’ goes to the quokkas .
67 Different habitats are no issue to the red - tailed hawks .
68 The red wolf has a unique physiological feature ideal for its excellent running and hunting .
69 Playtime for river otters is also time to learn survival skills .
70 Sharks have their ears inside their head .
71 Detecting whether a snake is venomous or not is possible by looking at their eyes .
72 Squids are special in a way that they have 3 hearts instead of only one .
73 In 2007 Iran , 14 squirrels were taken into custody .
74 A starfish is not a fish .
75 The tough , leathery skin of the stingray serves several purposes .
76 Sugar gliders treat smell as a way of life .
77 The Tasmanian devil has been known to feed on and sleep inside corpses .
78 In terms of memories , the tiger is superior to humans .
79 Toucans do not migrate , therefore making them resident breeders .
80 Among bat species , the vampire bat is the only one that can walk , hop , and run .
81 The record of being the largest animal in the world goes to the whale .
82 Despite their color , the white tiger is not albino .
83 The eating capacity of a wolf is unparalleled .
84 Wombat buttocks are essential defense mechanisms .
The tuxedo plumage of Adélie penguin is a form of camouflage .
When viewed from above , its dark back feathers would blend into the depths of eater beneath .
But from the view below the Adélie penguin , their white chests would blend into the sunlit surface above .
Ants have 2 stomachs .
They use one to feed themselves , while the other stomach can be used to nurture others .
This process of feeding among ants through their second stomach is called trophallaxis .
Anteaters are toothless carnivores .
As edentate animals , anteaters do not need teeth in catching their prey .
Instead , they use their narrow tongues which can go up to 2 feet long .
The small spines and sticky saliva on their tongues enable them to catch ants and termites easily .
Read also : 50 Chimpanzee Facts About The Great Ape
Part of the arctic fox diet is its own waste .
As they digest the food a second time , the arctic fox can then extract extra nourishment .
They also eat the waste of other animals .
Moreover , eating waste helps the arctic fox in keeping their salt levels in balance .
The hatching of barn owl eggs is asynchronous .
It means that each egg hatches exactly 30 days from when it was laid .
Hence , some chicks end up being either younger or older by a few weeks than their siblings .
The number of laid barn owl eggs may vary from 4 - 7 in normal cases , but with recorded cases of up to 14 eggs laid .
Among the mammals on earth , the bat is the slowest in terms of reproduction .
They only start reproducing by age 2 with a typical production count of only 1 offspring each year .
Bat gestation periods can last from 40 days to 6 months .
Autumn and winter are the mating seasons for bats , with the females carrying the males ’ sperm during winter until they ovulate in spring and become pregnant .
In animal testing , beagles are the most used species of dogs .
It contrasts the breed ’s popularity as human pets .
The beagle is the most trusting of humans among other animals .
Unfortunately , their trusting nature makes them fall victim to experiment projects in several industries .
The bearded dragon has an essential beard for a reason .
Both male and female bearded dragons have beards , and they use it in communication processes .
When threatened , for one , they open their mouths , raise their chins , and puff the beard out to generate a bigger appearance .
A hiss usually accompanies this display .
Beaver has a specially - designed body for its semi-aquatic lifestyle .
They spend their time divided between land and water .
Due to its stiff tail and webbed feet , the beaver can efficiently move through the water .
Moreover , its thick , waterproof coating keeps out the cold even when it is swimming .
Read also : 50 Chimpanzee Facts About The Great Ape
The Bengal tiger boasts of having a built - in first aid kit .
The natural antiseptic contents of its saliva prevent infections on wounds .
Thus , healing from injury is fast for a Bengal tiger .
This natural defense mechanism proves useful when the Bengal tiger acquires injuries from protecting territories or even while hunting .
In its natural habitat , the blobfish does not always look like a blob .
Immense pressure is customary to blobfish as its natural habitat is somewhere very deep in the waters .
However , this pressure goes from 60 - 120 times greater than that of sea level and is mainly the reason for its varied appearance in different places .
Square undershot jaws are the most prominent distinguishing feature of boxer dogs .
This condition means that their lower jaw juts beyond their upper jaw and has a slight upwards curve .
With the square jaw of boxer dogs , their lower - jaw incisor and canine teeth form a straight line .
Thus , the doggie smile unique to their species .
Among all predators on Earth , the brown bear is the only species that eat both meat and plants .
It is the reason why the brown bear has 2 separate sets of teeth that they use for each of the types of food they eat .
Bull sharks are one of the deadliest shark species .
Shark attacks are usually committed by these 3 shark species : great white sharks , tiger sharks , and bull sharks .
These sharks have caused the highest numbers of fatal unprovoked attacks on humans .
There are three different kinds of unprovoked shark attacks .
The hit - and - run attack , sneak attack , and bump - and - bite attack .
These attacks occur at the shark ’s natural habitat .
Camel humps are adaptable fat storages .
These distinctive body parts of the camel grow into mini hills when filled with food and water and diminish in size upon the usage of the stored fat .
Moreover , the humps can store around 80 lbs of fat which allows the camel to have energy and water resources when sustenance becomes scarce .
Read also : 50 Chimpanzee Facts About The Great Ape
Cats are superior to dogs when it comes to intelligence .
The cerebral cortex of cats contains around 300 million neurons while dogs only have 160 million .
Cats can also make different sounds with 10 times more types than dogs do .
While cats are more able to solve difficult cognitive problems , dogs still have higher social IQs .
Mating among tigers and lions is more common than you think .
A ‘ tigon ’ refers to the offspring produced by a male tiger and a female lion .
Meanwhile , a ‘ liger ’ is the offspring of a male lion and a female tiger .
Cheetah vision sees from 3 miles away .
While its sense of smell is at par with its sense of sight , the cheetah utilizes its superior vision as its main weapon when hunting .
Even the sun is not much of an obstacle as the tear mark beneath its eyes are specially designed to keep the sunlight away .
Chicken vision is better than that of humans .
Human eyes possess only 3 cone types , enabling the sight for blue , green , and red color .
Meanwhile , chickens have additional 2 cone types , allowing them to detect violet and ultraviolet light .
Their ability to see the sunrise about an hour before humans can is the reason why chickens crow early in the morning .
The color of eggs that chickens produce is predictable from their ear lobe colors .
Brown eggs hail from chickens with red ear lobes while white eggs lay from chickens with white ear lobes .
Chihuahuas are the smallest dog breed .
Standing at 5 - 8 inches tall , the chihuahuas are also one of the oldest breeds .
Milly , a brown chihuahua from Puerto Rico was named the smallest living dog by the Guinness Book of World Records in 2013 .
Milly was only 3.8 inches tall and weighed about a pound when it was only 2 years old then .
Read also : 50 Chimpanzee Facts About The Great Ape
Chimpanzees are bipedal animals .
It means that chimpanzees can get around by swinging around using their long arms and by walking .
Moreover , chimpanzees can either walk on all fours or on 2 legs only .
Clownfish are immune to the sting of sea anemones .
It is also the reason why clownfish can make their homes withing the sea anemones .
Hence , being there makes clownfish safe from other predators as they go unnoticed from where they are .
A headless cockroach can still survive for up to 2 weeks .
Unlike other insects , the cockroach has its brain inside its body instead of its head .
This unique body feature enables the cockroach to still have control over the rest of its body even with the absence of its head .
Despite being a wild cat , the cougar does not have the ability to roar .
The cougar would purr like a domesticated house cat instead , regardless of its being a fierce cat by nature .
Still , there have been accounts claiming of hearing the cougar hiss , scream , squeak , and whistle .
Determining a cow ’s age is possible by counting its horn rings .
The average lifespan of a cow is between 15 - 20 years , although cattle raised for dairy and meat do not reach anywhere near that age .
Otherwise , longer - living cattle reveal their age through the number of rings on their horns .
The fur of coyote varies from the location of its residence .
In colder latitudes , the usual coat for resident coyotes has light grey fur featuring dark patches .
In warmer latitudes , the fur would be light red in color with lighter patches .
Fur texture also varies .
While coyotes in North America have longer , denser fur , coyotes from Central America have short , bristle - like fur .
Read also : 50 Chimpanzee Facts About The Great Ape
Crocodile boasts of the strongest bite among any other creature in the world .
The jaw of a crocodile applies 5,000 lbs of pressure per sq in while the pressure of a human bite is only at 100 lbs per sq in .
Still , the jaw - opening muscles of crocodiles are small and weak that human hands or even a rubber band can close its mouth .
The island of Mauritius in the Indian Ocean once served as the only habitat of the dodo bird .
Due to their flightlessness , the dodo bird was not able to reach any other landmass .
Hence , the dodo bird was unable to propagate its population to neighboring islands , leaving them in complete isolation on the island .
Dog nose prints are as unique as human thumbprints .
It might as well serve as the individual identification for every single dog on the planet .
Upon closer look , one can see the distinctive serial bumps and ridges on their noses .
Dolphins are susceptible to drowning .
As mammals , dolphins can only breathe by coming to the surface , depriving them of the luxuries of deep sleep in the ocean .
Hence , they have to choose between 2 sleeping methods .
Dolphins can sleep either by resting vertically or horizontally in the water or by sleeping while swimming slowly alongside another dolphin .
The superior visual range of dragonflies comes with the ability to see across several spectrums .
The 3 opsins in human eyes allow for seeing the visible rainbow colors .
Meanwhile , dragonflies have 5 opsins , making them able to see UV light that is invisible to human eyes .
Their ability to see all around them in darkness and light make dragonflies difficult to catch .
A sleeping duck can keep one of its eyes open and control which brain side stays awake .
Duck flocks normally sleep side by side , forming a long row .
Usually , the ducks at each end leave the eye facing away from the row open .
It lets them rest while still literally keeping an eye open for possible dangers .
Read also : 50 Chimpanzee Facts About The Great Ape
No matter how intimidating an earwig might appear , it is harmless to humans .
The earwig is even helpful in a way that it feeds on other insects and steering clear of homes when reproducing .
However , earwigs pose risks in having the potential to invade crops and flowers among other types of plants .
The echidna is an egg - laying mammal .
It belongs to the order of monotremes endemic to Australia , a group of mammals that lay eggs .
The females of the echidna species lay small , soft - shelled and leathery eggs into their pouches .
Ten days later , the baby echidna called ‘ echidna puggle ’ would hatch .
Elephants boast of having very developed memories .
Like humans , elephants have the ability to hold grudges , remember past grievances , remember loved ones who have died , and even hold rituals to honor their dead .
Elephants also remember old friends who have strayed and returned .
Moreover , they express feelings of excitement in such reunions by trumpeting .
The flamingo eats upside - down .
The curved bill of the flamingo features a special design that filters food from water and mud .
Moreover , they feed by combing their feet through the mud and catching it in their beaks while hanging their heads upside - down .
As a ruminant , the giraffe has 4 stomachs .
Finishing a meal is not the end of food processing for giraffes .
After swallowing , the giraffe transfers the food into the first stomach for the initial processing .
The output then returns to the mouth for a second round of chewing , then it proceeds to the rest of the digestive system .
While the golden retriever makes a great watchdog , it is not the best security dog .
The golden retriever has a tendency to bark loudly upon the approach of a stranger .
However , they also tend to become friendly towards strangers , allowing petting upon themselves and even letting them get inside the house .
Read also : 50 Chimpanzee Facts About The Great Ape
The digestive tract of a goldfish does not have a stomach .
They only need to consume small quantities of food , hence , it is crucial not to overfeed them .
Goldfish must eat at least 5 times per day .
However , they produce a lot of waste due to their lack of stomach for food digestion .
Grasshoppers have 5 eyes .
Either side of the head of the grasshopper has a large eye packed with thousands of lenses , enabling them to see in all directions .
Moreover , the grasshopper has one eye at the base of each antenna , and then another between the two antennae .
However , the purpose of the three other eyes is yet to be known .
Gray wolf can communicate to another of its kind from over 50 sq mi of land .
The howl of the gray wolf can mean many things .
It could be passing on alarms , finding each other , or assembling the pack prior to a hunt .
When a pack howls , they harmonize instead of chorusing the same note so as to give the impression of having more wolves than one .
Another feces - eating animal is the guinea pig .
The soft pellets that the guinea pig defecates are called cecotropes .
When they eat these cecotropes , the guinea pig is able to recycle B vitamins and fiber .
Still , they also eat other things like pellets , hay , and fresh fruits and vegetables .
The hippopotamus sweat blood .
While it is not real blood , the clear liquid that the skin of the hippopotamus secretes turns red to orange until it turns brown .
It happens when they had to travel far from water but they need to keep their skin moisturized .
Hence , the ‘ blood ’ fluid serves as bacteria protection , sunlight reflector , a sunscreen , a moisturizer , and a disinfectant .
The honey badger has a reputation for being violent predators .
It has been known for castrating its prey , waiting for the victim to weaken , then begin eating them .
Moreover , the honey badger also drinks blood , making the liquid as a main source of water .
Read also : 50 Chimpanzee Facts About The Great Ape
Horse ’s teeth reveal its age .
Baby horses start growing teeth soon after birth whereas the first adult teeth only grow by age 2 - 3 .
However , horses are susceptible to tooth loss around their late 20s .
Dental care for horses can help in retaining healthy teeth .
The hummingbird is the only bird species that can fly backward .
This special ability enables the hummingbird to reverse from flowers after feeding .
Aside from being a way to save energy , the ability to fly backward also proves to be an efficient flying method and requires about the same amount of energy as typical flying .
4 layers of feathers cover up the king penguin .
Not only do these layers incubate the king penguin , but they also serve as protection from the harsh cold climate of their habitat .
Down feathers make up the inner three layers , forming a thick insulator layer .
Meanwhile , the outermost layer consists of an oiled , waterproof coating .
The feathers of the king penguin sometimes give the impression of fur .
Mother ’s milk is more important to a kitten than it seems .
It is the only liquid that the kitten must drink in its early days .
Milk from the mother cat is an excellent source of nutrients such as protein and fat among other vitamins .
Aside from helping the kitten in growth and development , mother ’s milk also improves their immune system while serving as infection protection as well .
The tail of a lemur is longer than the length of its body .
When the lemur walks , it holds and arches its tail above its head .
This gesture gives the lemur more balance as they walk or run and is also essential in moving around in high trees and in communicating with other lemurs .
A typical day for a lion consists of 16 - 20 hours of sleep .
As nocturnal animals , the lion hunts after dusk with nothing much to do during the day .
The lion prepares for the evening as soon as the sun sets as it is also their time to groom and socialize .
After a successful hunt , a lion ’s meal can last for about an hour .
Read also : 50 Chimpanzee Facts About The Great Ape
The lobster executes waste excretion from their faces .
Located at the base of its second antennae , openings on the face of the lobster serves as the exit door for its urine .
The green glands are the organs from where the lobster excretes waste , and it includes a sac linked to its bladder .
Macaroni penguin is an aggressive lover .
No matter how sociable macaroni penguins are , they still tend to be aggressive when it comes to getting the attention of the opposite sex with whom they desire to mate .
The macaroni penguin is also protective of their young .
Humans are similar to monkeys when it comes to expressing emotions .
For one , the mother primate mourns the loss of a child .
The monkey is also capable of showing anger , jealousy , and affection towards other monkeys .
Contrary to popular belief , mountain gorillas are usually calm .
Unless feeling challenged or disturbed , the mountain gorilla would show little to know aggressive behavior .
A male leader under threat would bark , hoot , or roar loud , with a complementary upright stance , chest - pounding , or throwing things .
Even females of the species protect their offspring until death .
The tail of the otter serves as both a rudder and a weapon .
They have muscular tails with an average length of 1 foot , making up around ⅓ of its body length .
Moreover , these tails work as navigational tools , guides , steerers and even as defense and protection weapons for otters .
Owls are the quietest among the birds of prey .
Branded as silent killers , owls have the reputation of swooping down onto their unsuspecting prey , snatching them up before they even know what hit them .
Their muted flight is what sets the owl apart from other birds of its species .
Read also : 50 Chimpanzee Facts About The Great Ape
Pandas have a unique way of communicating .
While other bear species communicate through facial expressions , the panda stares their opponent down as means of intimidation .
One theory as to why they do this is how their black ears appear like a second pair of eyes glaring at their opponent .
The scales of the pangolin are made of the same material as that of human fingernails .
Made of keratin , the scales of the pangolin are sturdy enough to resist a lion ’s bite .
Other items made of the said material are human fingernails and hair .
On a closer look , the panther is not as black as it seems .
Even the panther has similar markings as that of the jaguar and leopard .
The pattern is still visible beneath its dark coat , disguised by and effect known as ‘ ghost striping . ’
The lung fluke became the earliest known parasite in humans .
Indications of the organisms appeared in recovered fossilized feces from northern Chile , believed to be dating back to 5,900 B.C.
It even led to the belief that 2,000 B.C. ancient Egyptian mummies also carried parasites in the form of tapeworms .
The tail of the peacock makes up over 60 % of its body ’s total length .
However , the name ‘ peacock ’ only refers to the male peafowls and they are the only ones who can boast of ornamental feathers .
Their tails feature colorful eye - shaped markings which can vary from blue , gold and red among other hues .
Seeing a platypus is only possible in the wildlife sanctuaries of Australia .
None of its species survived in captivity outside of Australia despite numerous attempts of bringing some to the Bronx Zoo in 1922 , 1947 , and 1958 .
Hence , there is only one country in the world that serves as home to the platypus .
Read also : 50 Chimpanzee Facts About The Great Ape
Polar bears count among the most untracked species on Earth .
Tracking of the polar bears only initiated in the mid-1980s .
Since then , all the compiled data are still not very reliable .
An accurate method is by sedating them through tranquilizer darts and tagging them with a tracking device .
However , it costs a hefty amount of time and money .
There are 2 official colors for pugs .
According to the American Kennel Club ’s ( AKC ) classification of pugs , the two official colors are black and fawn .
Any other colors are considered disqualified .
The title ‘ The Happiest Animals in The World ’ goes to the quokkas .
Quokkas have a rep for being sociable , playful , fearless and curious .
Their species can adapt well whether it is to people visiting them in isolated islands or those from populated areas .
While zoologists do not agree as much , people have made their general interpretation of the quokkas .
Different habitats are no issue to the red - tailed hawks .
The red - tailed hawks can adapt to almost anywhere as long as the location has a wide , open space where they can hunt .
Among the habitats wherein the red - tailed hawks reside are the deserts , fields , grasslands , pastures , parks , roadsides , scrublands , and tropical rainforests .
The red wolf has a unique physiological feature ideal for its excellent running and hunting .
Due to its elevated heels , the toes of the red wolf are the only body parts that make contact with the ground .
Moreover , its slightly - inward elbows and narrow chest makes them agile and quick .
Playtime for river otters is also time to learn survival skills .
As playful creatures , river otters have been known to play games of chasing and wrestling .
These games are not purely for enjoyment but serve as grounds to learn vital survival skills like fighting and hunting as well .
Read also : 50 Chimpanzee Facts About The Great Ape
Sharks have their ears inside their head .
In contrast to what most people believe , sharks do have ears .
However , theirs are not as visible as that of other species .
Detecting whether a snake is venomous or not is possible by looking at their eyes .
Snakes that have elliptical or slitted pupils are the venomous ones .
Meanwhile , the snakes with round pupils are non-venomous .
Squids are special in a way that they have 3 hearts instead of only one .
The complex body of the squid contains 2 smaller hearts as gills and 1 larger heart as a blood pump .
All the hearts of the squid have a faint greenish color with layouts enclosing them with renal sacks .
In 2007 Iran , 14 squirrels were taken into custody .
When the Iranian police found them close to the border , the squirrels faced allegations of them carrying various spyware .
Official Iranian news later reported how the squirrels were suspects of collecting information for foreign agencies .
A starfish is not a fish .
The only common characteristic a starfish has with a fish is both live underwater .
Yes , you read that right .
Unlike fishes , starfish do not have gills , scales , or fins .
The starfish now has a new name , called the sea star .
The tough , leathery skin of the stingray serves several purposes .
A variety of products hail from the sturdy skin of the stingray .
Some examples are belts , boots , cellphone cases , jackets , and shoes .
The most famous use for them is as underlayers of Japanese swords .
Read also : 50 Chimpanzee Facts About The Great Ape
Sugar gliders treat smell as a way of life .
Where humans use language , writing , and signs in communication , sugar gliders use smell .
Their saliva , as well as the scent emanating from their chests and foreheads , is vital in getting their messages across .
The Tasmanian devil has been known to feed on and sleep inside corpses .
Even when the Tasmanian devil has slept within a rotten carcass , it can still continue feeding on it once it wakes up .
The smell does is not even an issue .
In terms of memories , the tiger is superior to humans .
Aside from having more detailed memories , tigers also have short - term memory that lasts 30 times longer than that of humans .
Tigers are less forgetful than humans as well .
Toucans do not migrate , therefore making them resident breeders .
Despite being a bird species , the toucan is not very good at flying .
It is also the reason why they do not move from their habitat unless there comes a scarcity of food and other resources .
Even when they do plan to relocate , their inability to fly would be a huge hindrance .
Among bat species , the vampire bat is the only one that can walk , hop , and run .
The vampire bat has earned its reputation from its ability to hunt prey from afar .
Landing a few feet away from their prey , the vampire bat looks for the best spot to bite .
Once it has sunk a bite , it will then hop back to safety , then go back and forth when it has made sure that the animal does not attack them back .
The record of being the largest animal in the world goes to the whale .
The whale is a mammal in the sea , which also means that they are warm - blooded and breathe air .
Moreover , the whale joins the dolphins and porpoises in a group called cetaceans .
Read also : 50 Chimpanzee Facts About The Great Ape
Despite their color , the white tiger is not albino .
The rarity of the white tiger only naturally occurs once per 10,000 births and requires an unusual gene from both parents .
As Bengal tigers are the only subspecies that can boast of different colors , it makes the number of white tigers in the wild only smaller .
The eating capacity of a wolf is unparalleled .
Always on the lookout for the next meal , a wolf can end up being hungry enough to devour 20 pounds of meat in a single meal .
It is equivalent to a human downing 100 hamburgers in one sitting .
We do n't always recognize our teachers or their lessons .
Understanding cosmic takeaway lessons can take a long time .
This is how it is with the popular culture icons who engage our curiosity and / or our appreciation and then die unexpectedly .
When a large personality , like Michael Jackson , dies at a relatively young age , ( and before him , Princess Diana , Marilyn Monroe and others you can think of ) , our world seems shaken initially .
When we get over the initial shock and reflect on the lives of these figures , we discover lessons they were meant to pass on to us .
Here are some that I intuit :
1. Teach your children well .
All three people named above lacked nurturing , affection and consistency in their childhood and young adult lives .
We can only speculate about what a caring , nurturing and stable family environment might have meant to their destinies .
In the long run , and given their sad endings , they might have chosen family support and unconditional love over fame .
Or maybe not .
The enduring lesson is to love our children unconditionally so that they will never be forced to make that decision .
2. Pay attention to emotional pain demonstrated by those you love .
All three of the personalities mentioned above demonstrated their emotional pain in a number of ways obvious to every one .
Despite their public acting - out , there was no hue and cry for them to seek help .
Had any or all of them entered therapy or rehabilitation , their lives may have gone differently .
Hopefully , we have learned to act on the pain we see in the lives of our loved ones and help them as best we can .
This leads directly to another lesson :
3 . Do well by doing your personal best ; fame and fortune will come if it's in the stars .
The 20th and 21st Centuries elevated celebrities to a status that rewarded notoriety and drove a consumer market fueled by tabloid headlines and rumors .
The three people mentioned above generated magazine covers , books , newspaper headlines and news about their every move .
Unfortunately , the coverage was more about the salacious details of their lives than the good they did , privately and publicly .
If you are truly gifted , there is no doubt your talents will lead you to the mountain top .
But by concentrating on the riches that fame can bring you , you are opening yourself up to manipulation and misuse .
The quest for fame and fortune leads to another lesson :
4.Support better early treatment of addictions and behavior disorders .
In all three cases , mentioned here , there were warning signs and symptoms of addictive behavior - from misuse of prescription drugs , to eating disorders , to love addiction , and so on .
Again , these behaviors were clearly visible to those who surrounded the personalities , and even by the public , yet no outcry resulted in public demands for help for any of them .
There is a stigma attached to addiction treatment and therapies .
This stigma works against recovery .
The lessons to be learned from this is to recognize addictive behavior when you see it , and to confront your addicted loved one boldly .
Beneath the headlines and between the lines , popular culture icons have taught us much more than what appears on the surface .
The greater the global impact of an icon's death , the greater the cosmic lessons they were meant to impart .
This is not simply a cosmic view of history , but a cosmic advisory to pay attention to and act on any signs of deep discomfort we see reflected in the lives of those we love .
This will keep us from ever having to say , " if only ..... "
07.02.09
In addition to the many obvious perks of being an astronaut in the early days of NASA — fame , glory , hero status and , of course , going to space — there was the lesser known benefit of having your butt immortalized .
These molded astronaut couches are the same kind that were made for the Mercury capsules .
The NASA employees whose names grace these seats did n't get to go to space , but certainly a couch molded precisely to their behinds had to be the next best thing .
This photo was taken at NASA 's Langley Research Centers in 1959 .
Image : NASA
Under the questionable guise of cyber security , the National Security Agency ( NSA ) , in partnership with The Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) and AT&T , will be monitoring private - sector networks .
The surveillance will continue despite the government 's allegations that the NSA will only be scrutinizing data going to or from government systems .
Whenever a person visits a ' dot - gov ' ( .gov ) web site or sends an email to a government employee , their actions will be screened for potential harm to the network .
NSA 's History of Illegal Surveillance
It 's unclear exactly who is in charge of the NSA 's efforts to monitor private networks .
According to NSA Secretary Janet Napolitano , the NSA 's actions will be guided , led and in a sense directed by the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) .
( Source : zdnet.com )
Assurances from the DHS about scrutinizing only data going to or from government systems are not comforting , given the NSA 's history of illegal surveillance .
The NSA has and is repeatedly breaking laws with their illegal surveillance .
Backdoor for Pervasive State Surveillance
In keeping with the tradition of his predecessor , President Obama lied about protecting privacy rights and discontinuing Bush - era illegal spying programs and has given the NSA the go - ahead to implement massive surveillance of the Internet , using the Einstein program , something billed as a cyber - security intrusion detection system for federal computer systems and networks .
Some say the intent of Einstein is to initially monitor the email and web surfing activities of federal employees , citizens and contractors , not protecting government computer systems from outside intrusions .
As noted by The Intelligence Daily , with Einstein , you do n't have to be a genius to know the government is fibbing .
Einstein was developed in 3 stages : one to monitor Internet traffic and detect but not block abnormalities that might be cyber attacks , one to detect but not block viruses and other indications of attack and , still in development , one that detects and deflects security breaches -- with filtering technology that can read the content of emails and other communications .
Despite the usual government fibs about cyber security , the Einstein program is a backdoor for pervasive state surveillance that could be used for illicit purposes by the government .
AT&T Leading Way in Breaching User Privacy
AT&T , the NSA 's private sector partner , will be once again leading the way in breaching its users ' privacies and participating in the pervasive surveillance and is seeking legal protection from the state so that it wo n't be sued as a result of participating in the program .
( Source : inteldaily.com )
Technical aspects provided to the government by AT&T will provide the ability to capture , sort , read and then store Americans ' private communications en mass to the NSA and other federal agencies .
Sprint , L3 Communications , Qwest , MCI , General Dynamics and Verizon will also participate in the government 's illegal escapades .
If you ask me , the ' global war on terror ' has turned into nothing more than an endless war on human rights -- many of the reasons listed in the Declaration of Independence that led to the American Revolution are again happening courtesy of Presidents Bush and Obama -- by the U.S. government with its citizens footing the bill .
The cost for this endeavor is expected to exceed $ 2 billion .
NSA 's Dubious History and the Fraudulent War on Terror
Citizens are also paying for an estimated one thousand government employees whose reported primary responsibility is to plug any leaks of classified or other information pointing to the U.S. government 's involvement in the attacks of 9/11 that was used as an excuse to justify all the illegal spying .
The rubric of ' Cyber Security ' is looking more like government malfeasance being utilized to cover - up more government malfeasance .
Reports of increases in cyber attacks are coming in timely fashion , just as the U.S. Senate prepares to vote on egregious ' legislation ' that would give the U.S. President unprecedented control over the Internet .
Visit Bill 's Links and More for more great tips , just like this one !
Financial site dedicated to Gold , markets , cycles , charting and investment ideas / themes .
The music used for the intro is a heavily edited version of " Alive And Amplified " by The Mooney Suzuki .
For the radio series , it is Acker Bilk 's " Stranger on the Shore " .
See more
Goofs
The boom mike is visible over the Director when he 's sitting in front of his monitor in the " Now we know " sketch .
Interestingly , it 's a sketch about making a film , so there was equipment that was clearly intended to be seen , too , which probably made it confusing .
See more
If Escher Designed Video Games
I think that the only responsible use of a time machine would be to go back in time so that M. C. Escher could make video games .
I would give anything to see what he could do with the Portal engine and the concept from his " Relativity " lithograph .
EDIT : Oh man , so somebody fro 4 chan did this a year earlier and a lot better than I did .
Check it out !
The capabilities of German rocket and recoilless weapons warrant serious study by U.S. soldiers , not only because they are highly effective and mobile but because they are being used increasingly , in view of Germany 's raw material shortages , as substitutes for conventional artillery and antitank weapons .
When the Germans began this war , they believed that their Stuka bombers — the Ju 87 and the Ju 88 — would take over a high percentage of direct infantry - support missions from the field artillery .
No matter how well these aircraft may have accomplished their missions during the campaign in Poland , Norway , the Low Countries , and France , their inability to take over a field artillery role became evident after Germany had attacked Russia and had encountered masses of Russian artillery .
However , by the time the attrition of the war with Russia had its cramping effect on German industry , it was too late for Hitler to build up his artillery arm sufficiently to gain the necessary superiority .
Before the war the Germans , like the Russians , had been experimenting with rocket developments .
When the need for artillery substitutes became apparent , the Germans naturally turned to rockets and rocket launchers since these were relatively inexpensive and could be produced quickly .
In contrast to artillery , rockets do not require electric - furnace steel , carefully forged tubes , or heavy carriages with delicately machined recoil and counterrecoil mechanisms .
The first German rockets were those launched from the Schweres Wurfgerät 40 ( " heavy throwing apparatus " ) and the Schweres Wurfgerät 41 .
These fire either 180 - pound high - explosive or 196 - pound incendiary rockets .
These rockets are 280 - mm and 320 - mm in diameter , and weigh 180 and 196 pounds respectively .
The Schweres Wurfgerät 40 consists merely of a wooden frame ( Wurfgestell 40 ) which fires rockets from wooden shipping crates ; the 41 , of a steel frame ( Wurfgestell 41 ) holding either wooden or steel shipping crates .
The launcher Schweres Wurfrahmen 40 consists of plates on the side of an armored half - track .
Each half - track mounts a total of six plates , three on each side .
The rocket - carrying crates are secured to the plates , and the latter are then inclined at a right angle for firing .
Rockets also are fired from a Wurfgerät by the simple process of inclining the " heavy throwing apparatus " ( shipping crate ) in a trench ( or against a firm rest ) and setting a correct angle .
The 300 - mm high - explosive rocket also may be fired in this manner .
In 1941 there appeared the now - famous 15 - cm Nebelwerfer 41 , or rocket projector , which U.S. soldiers have nicknamed the " Screaming Meemie . "
( The literal translation of Nebelwerfer is " smoke thrower . " )
This weapon launches its rockets from six grooved tubes , which are 5.9 inches in diameter .
Although the tubes are mounted on a two - wheeled carriage with a split trail , the whole apparatus is so light that two men can manhandle it easily .
The 15 - cm Nebelwerfer 41 is supposed to fire in batteries of six pieces , with each piece launching a six - round salvo every 8 minutes .
( Misfires are common . )
The crew takes shelter in a slit trench before firing , and discharges the six rockets by remote control , following a prescribed sequence .
The rockets ' maximum range is about 8,000 yards .
Similar to the 15 - cm Nebelwerfer 41 is the five - tube 21 - cm Nebelwerfer 42 .
This launcher fires 8 - inch rockets as far as 8,600 yards .
Its high - explosive rockets are shaped like artillery shells , and the Germans consider these rockets their most effective long - range rocket projectiles .
To give their larger rockets greater accuracy and to speed up the firing , the Germans have provided two - wheel carriages with pneumatic tires .
These carriages and launchers differ from those for the 150 - mm and 210 - mm Nebelwerfer .
The larger launchers consist of steel frames into which the shipping crates are inserted .
The most common of these launchers — the 28/32 - cm Nebelwerfer 41 — has six frames , which fire either the 320 - mm incendiary rocket or the 280 - mm high - explosive rocket , as fired from the Wurfgeräte and Wurfrahmen .
For the latter , liners are fitted inside the frames .
These rockets may be fired at the rate of one salvo ( six rockets ) in 10 seconds .
Theoretically , the battery of six pieces is supposed to fire simultaneously .
Each piece has a crew of seven men .
When they are ready to fire , they take cover in two slit trenches about 30 yards to the rear of the right side of the piece .
The time allotted to reload each Nebelwerfer is 5 minutes .
The ammunition usually is piled on the ground to the right and left of the piece .
The maximum range for the 280 - mm high - explosive rocket is only 2,100 yards ; and for the 320 - mm incendiary rocket , 2,400 yards .
The minimum range is 1,375 yards .
It is reported that the Germans prefer ranges of from 1,870 to 2,090 yards .
The 300 - mm launcher 30 - cm Nebelwerfer 42 is constructed along much the same lines as the 28/32 - cm Nebelwerfer 41 .
Dissatisfied with the slow rate of fire of these launchers , the Germans conducted experiments in an effort to attain a faster rate .
Their research resulted in production of the 15 - cm Panzerwerfer 42 .
This consists of two banks of 15 - cm Nebelwerfer launching tubes , with six tubes in each bank .
The launching unit is mounted on an armored half - track .
Since the crew need not dig slit trenches , but can take cover in the vehicle instead , fire can be delivered somewhat faster than from other Nebelwerfer .
Panzerwerfer are organized in the standard rocket - launcher battery of two platoons of three pieces each .
Although the name Nebelwerfer implies that the original purpose of these rocket launchers was to lay down smoke concentrations , it must be remembered that these same launchers can serve as projectors for gas - loaded rockets .
Their thin - skinned projectiles can carry far more gas , incendiary , or smoke - generating material than can thick - walled artillery shells .
( The 300 - mm rocket , for example , carries 10 gallons of incendiary material . )
Since pinpoint accuracy is not necessary in building up smoke concentrations , the Nebelwerfer 's lack of preciseness is of little importance when chemical rockets are used .
High explosive is a different matter .
A great deal of high explosive can be crammed into these rockets ( the 280 - mm carries 55 pounds of high explosive ) , but since direct hits on personnel and installations must be scored , inaccuracy is a seriously compromising factor .
In general , Nebelwerfer firing high explosive are useful only against area targets , such as towns .
The walls of the rocket yield little fragmentation , and the effect is chiefly blast .
Smoke trails from the flying rockets betray the battery locations , no matter what type of ammunition is fired .
For this reason , the Germans try to make the most of initial surprise concentrations , especially with the shorter - range rockets .
In prolonged fire frequent shifting of battery positions is necessary if counterbattery is to be avoided .
With their customary eagerness to turn their shortcomings into assets , the Germans have tried to make capital out of the spectacular effect of rocket trails and have even gone so far as to put coloring matter in the propellants .
The enemy believes that the scream of the rockets and the loud bursts of the heavily laden but inaccurate projectiles weaken the morale of Allied troops meeting these phenomena for the first time .
Less spectacular , but more practical , are the recoilless weapons used in antitank warfare .
[ 1 ]
When the Russian T - 34 medium tank appeared in 1941 , the Germans realized that all conventional antitank guns smaller than 75 - mm in caliber would become obsolete .
Already hard - pressed for artillery , the enemy simply could not produce enough heavy antitank pieces approximately the size of field guns .
Therefore , when the U.S. bazooka was introduced , they promptly adapted the weapon for their own use .
Then they developed their Panzerfaust series .
The latest Panzerfaust , the 60 , is known to have a maximum range of about 90 yards .
Its folding sight , in a downward position , acts as a safety .
Raised , it has three rectangular holes .
When the target is aligned with a stub on the upper edge of the projectile , sighting through the lowest hole gives a 33 - yard range ; through the middle hole , a 66 - yard range ; and through the upper hole , an 88 - yard range .
This Panzerfaust will penetrate better than 7 inches of armor .
Like all the German one - man recoilless weapons , the latest Panzerfaust fires a hollow - charge projectile .
However , the Panzerfaust 60's projectile is unusual in that the head with the explosive charge may be carried separately ; just before firing , the head is attached to the stick and vanes , which have been kept in the launching tube .
There are two types of German bazooka both of which the German soldiers call Ofenrohr , or " stovepipe . "
The newer is the 8.8 - cm R. Pz. B. 54 ; its shield for the firer is the feature which principally distinguishes it from the earlier R. Pz. B. 43 .
According to the Germans , the Ofenrohr 's 88 - mm , 7.5 - pound , hollow - charge round can achieve penetrations on any Allied armored vehicle at ranges up to 160 yards , but is not suitable for use against unarmored targets .
Larger and clumsier than the U.S. bazooka , the Ofenrohr has projectile guide tubes , which wear out after about 300 rounds have been fired .
German directives call for each rifle company to form rocket - launching personnel into at least one antitank section .
[ 2 ]
The section consists of a leader , a driver ( for a horse - drawn vehicle ) , and two squads of six men each .
Each squad has three rocket launchers .
Ten rounds are allotted to each launcher .
Launchers and ammunition are carried in a two - wheeled towable infantry cart ( I.F. 8 ) .
If possible , personnel of the entire section are provided with rifle grenade launchers , suitable antitank and smoke grenades , and magnetic hollow charges for antitank close combat .
A German antitank bazooka team consists of two men , the loader and the firer .
If the firer is operating the shieldless R. Pz. B. 43 , he wears special gloves and headgear .
The Germans specify that the section should be used as a whole , whenever possible .
Each squad is dug in so that the fires of its three bazookas interlock .
Slit trenches in what the Air Forces would call a " V of V's , " with the prongs of all the V's facing the opposing force , is the favorite German way of digging in each squad .
[ 3 ]
The V - shape of each slit trench permits the loader to take shelter and yet remain close to the operator and the weapon .
Alternate positions are prepared , with communication trenches dug so that personnel can change positions in battle without unnecessary risk .
If sections are held in reserve for any reason , they prepare positions ahead of time for possible use , and reconnoiter covered approach routes by which the positions may be occupied .
To give reserve sections time to deploy , and to ensure that forward bazooka squads are alerted , the Germans try to devise extensive warning systems to indicate the approach of hostile tanks .
As the tanks approach , Ofenrohr teams are supposed to keep cool and to withhold fire until short ranges have provided the best opportunities for scoring hits .
Such waits also increase the possibility of surprise , and permit teams to get a maximum number of tanks within range .
The German intention is to destroy as many tanks as possible before the vehicle can take evasive action or drawback out of bazooka range .
Usually the choice of target and the moment to open fire are left to the initiative of each bazooka operator .
Sometimes section or squad leaders may give fire orders in advance , as a means of ensuring surprise fire effect .
To open fire , the launcher is lifted above ground level , and then is brought back into the trench for reloading .
Of incidental interest is the following extract from an order by a German regimental commander :
In recent fighting it was discovered that projectiles fired at a tank from an Ofenrohr at a range of 5 yards did not explode , but bounced harmlessly off the armor .
In the future , therefore , tank hunters must take pains to fire the Ofenrohr at a minimum range of 32 yards .
The Püppchen ( " Dolly " ) , a carriage - mounted rocket launcher with breechblock , fires the same 88 - mm rocket that is used with the Ofenrohr .
The breech prevents any flash to the rear while firing is in progress .
To lower the Püppchen 's silhouette , the wheels may be removed and the piece left standing on two sled - like rests .
In preliminary positions the ground is dug out so that the horizontal section of the lower carriage and trail will lie below the surface .
For an all - around prepared position , circular trenches with an inner radius of about 2 feet are prepared .
The barrel is left just clear of cover , as is done in the case of the preliminary positions .
The lower carriage is dug in and the trail wedged , so that the piece can be fired at an angle of 180 degrees .
Positions are prepared in defilade or on reverse slopes , and are well camouflaged .
In general , enemy doctrine governing the preparation of positions and the conduct of fire is similar to that for the Ofenrohr , except that only two projectors of the Püppchen type are considered necessary for satisfactory interlocking fire .
The maximum effective range of the Püppchen is considered to be 220 yards , although badly dispersed fire up to 275 yards is possible .
For this reason the Püppchen , like the Ofenrohr , is employed in the foremost infantry positions .
For added protection from artillery fire , the launcher may be detached from its carriage and removed to a shelter some distance away from the prepared position .
Alternate positions are prepared only when the terrain restricts the field of fire and provides good cover for the maneuvering piece .
In such terrain each position is constructed so that the Püppchen can be run in and out on wheels .
Since the Püppchen is harder to conceal than the Ofenrohr , the Germans believe that it is necessary to furnish the larger weapon with antitank protection in the form of obstacles , natural or artificial , supplemented by mines .
Because the Püppchen 's carriage is not strong enough to stand up under motor towing at high speed , and since horse - draft sacrifices valuable time and involves the problem of replacing animal casualties , the Püppchen generally is transported on trucks and is used only in positional warfare .
The 88 - mm rocket used in both the Ofenrohr and the Püppchen is heavy enough to cause ammunition - supply difficulties in battle .
( A box of three rounds weighs 24 pounds . )
This is why the Germans try to build up supplies in all main and alternate positions .
Shawn Bennett , a gay Lansing , Michigan man , is recovering after being attacked in a public park by suspects he says began threatening him in June .
He says they made the attacks because of his sexuality .
WLNS reports : " He was sitting on a picnic table when he heard a noise behind him , and that 's when the beating began .
The suspects pulled him to the ground and burned him at least a dozen times with a cigar or cigarettes .
Bennett says the attack was n't random .
He says the suspects live in his neighborhood started threatening him back in June .
On Saturday night they turned their words into actions because he is gay .
Lansing police say they 've identified the suspects , but Bennett says nothing can change what 's been done he wants justice .
He just wants to know why . "
Said Bennett : " This should n't happen to anybody , no matter if they 're gay , straight , black or white .
We are people .
They stuck gravel in my face , putting rocks in my ears , the hospital actually had to take them out .
I was just begging them to stop .
I told them to just stop , just leave me alone . "
Lansing police are investigating but have not made any arrests .
WLNS video report here .
Top three in the Natural Full Beard with Styled Moustache category : second : Bob Gengler of Eagle River , Alaska ; first : Bernd Popiak of Germany ; third : Kyle McNair of Ontario
Credit : Rebecca Coolidge , ACVB / WENN.com
The promise of stem cell therapy may lie in uncovering how adult cells revert back into a primordial , stem cell state , whose fate is yet to be determined .
Now , cell scientists at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine have identified key molecular players responsible for this reversion in fruit fly sperm cells .
Reporting online this week in Cell Stem Cell , researchers show that two proteins are responsible redirecting cells on the way to becoming sperm back to stem cells .
“ We knew from our previous work that cells destined to be sperm could revert back to being stem cells , but we did n’t know how , ” says Erika Matunis , Ph.D. , an associate professor of cell biology at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine .
“ Since , dedifferentiation is an interesting phenomenon probably occurring in a lot of different stem cell populations , we wanted to know more about the process . ”
Like all stem cells , each of the nine stem cells in the fly testis divides to form two daughter cells :
One stays a stem cell and the other differentiates into an adult cell , in this case , a sperm cell .
To figure out what might cause sperm cells to revert or dedifferentiate , Matunis ’s research team genetically altered the flies so that both cells become sperm , reducing the stem cell population in the testis to nothing .
About a week later , the team examined these fly testes and found that the stem cells had been repopulated .
To figure out how this was happening , the researchers first suspected two proteins — Jak and STAT — known to act together to help stem cells maintain their stem cell - ness .
The team genetically altered flies to reduce the activity of Jak and STAT in the testis .
Counting the number of cells , they found that the loss of Jak - STAT caused fewer cells to revert to stem cells ; only 60 percent of testes regained stem cells compared to 97 percent in normal Jak - STAT - containing testes .
“ We now know that in the fly testis , interfering with Jak - STAT signaling interferes with the process of dedifferentiation , ” says Matunis .
Next , Matunis would like to figure out how Jak and STAT control dedifferentiation .
“ We do n’t know if a cell is just reversing all of the steps to go back to being a stem cell or if it is doing something totally new and different , but we ’re eager to find out , ” she says
Source : Johns Hopkins Medical Institutions
A kind message from Jack the Ripper to us
( Warning :
These three pages are not really a spoiler , but they ’re from the innermost meat of From Hell .
If you plan to read it , you might want to start at the beginning for full impact . )
Sweden does not intend to apologize for an article in a Swedish daily accusing Israeli soldiers of killing Palestinians and harvesting their organs , the government said Saturday , citing legislation protecting freedom of speech .
" No one can demand that the Swedish government violate its own constitution .
Freedom of speech is an indispensable part of Swedish society , " Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt was quoted by the Swedish news agency TT as saying .
In response , Spokesman for the Israeli Foreign Ministry Yossi Levy said Saturday : " In our opinion freedom of speech is not reserved only for the media , but is also the right of the Swedish government .
" We expect Stockholm to express , clearly and without evasion its position on this anti-Semitic article .
We feel that ' freedom of speech ' is being used as a fig leaf by the Swedish government , " he added .
" The Israeli government itself greatly values freedom of speech , " said Levy , " and no less so than the Swedish government , which seems to be using this term as a convenient measure to evade issuing a strong statement saying : ' Anti-Semitism is disgraceful and should be denounced not only when it is expressed in the capitals of Third World countries , but also when it is voiced in the heart of Sweden ' . "
The article , published Monday in the Swedish tabloid Aftonbladet , implied without evidence that there was a link between charges of organ theft from Palestinians and the recent arrest in the United States of an American Jew suspected of illicit organ trafficking .
Swedish Foreign Minister Carl Bildt rejected Thursday Israeli calls for official condemnation of the article , saying freedom of expression is a cornerstone of democracy .
In his blog , Bildt also rejected claims that Sweden harbors anti-Semitic feelings , adding that the condemnation of anti-Semitism was the only issue in which he has been involved where there has ever been complete unity in the Swedish Parliament .
WASHINGTON  The Supreme Court heard five environmental law cases in the term that ended Monday , and environmental groups lost every time .
It was , said Richard J. Lazarus , a director of the Supreme Court Institute at Georgetown University Law Center , “ the worst term ever ” for environmental interests .
The court allowed Navy exercises using sonar that threatened whales off California .
It limited the liability of companies partly responsible for toxic spills .
It made it harder to challenge Forest Service regulations and easier to dump mining waste into an Alaskan lake .
And it allowed the Environmental Protection Agency to use cost - benefit analysis to decide how much marine life may be killed by cooling structures at power plants .
Business groups expressed measured satisfaction with the decisions .
“ The court does seem to be bringing more common sense back to environmental law , ” Robin S. Conrad , a lawyer with the United States Chamber of Commerce , said at a recent news briefing .
In the past 40 years or so , ever since environmental law emerged as a separate field based on major statutes enacted in the 1970s , the Supreme Court has been reasonably receptive to cases brought by environmental groups .
News by Oli WelshToday 12:27 Most of the evidence comes from the rumour - hunter 's faithful friend - concept artists ' websites - and appears to corroborate a Gamasutra report from late last year that Tireless digger Superannuation has turned up the website of concept artist Tony Pulham , whose resumé reveals he recently joined Junction Point to work on " Epic Mickey " , and identifies it as a Wii game .
Another Superannuation post unearthed some beautiful concepts for " Epic Mickey " on the website of artist Fred Gambino .
Pictures show the Mickey Mouse ears adorning a gigantic , crumbling paddle - steamer , the spires of the Magic Kingdom castle perched atop a twisted tower of rock , and a semi-mechanical " Zombie Goofey " [ sic ] .
Meanwhile , a poster on the NeoGAF forum has found what appear to be the same concepts described in the original Gamasutra report , showing more distorted , nightmarish , mechanical versions of classic Disney characters , including the Seven Dwarves .
They come from the artist Gary Glover 's site .
Disney Interactive Studios bought Junction Point - which Deus Ex mastermind Spector formed with several other Ion Storm alumni - two years ago .
Last year , Spector said that he was " tired of making games about guys in black leather carrying guns " and that " 100 - hour games are on the way out " .
And there 's more .
In an archived Edge interview from E3 2006 - before the Disney acquisition - In that same interview , Spector even alluded to a project that sounds an awful lot like " Epic Mickey " .
" I did some concept work on a license with a media company that was very cartoony , and boy , we did some great work , " he said .
" It was the most fun I 've had in a long time , maybe since Deus Ex .
The work was phenomenal , and I 'll never be able to show it or talk about it with anybody .
But hopefully the project will happen .
We were gonna let people live in a cartoon world , and it was going to be wacky .
" A friend of Eurogamer also once spotted Warren Spector wearing a Mickey Mouse backpack and hoodie in public .
True story .
Malou Innocent , a foreign - policy analyst at the Cato Institute , a Washington - based think tank , said the Taliban was using the Karzai brothers ' wealth as evidence that the president was a puppet of the Nato - led forces .
" It 's getting worse , " she said .
" There does n't seem to be any silver bullet for getting rid of it considering how endemic it is . "
The issue of private property rights in the EM spectrum ( airwaves ) arises occasionally .
To my knowledge there is not much systematic work on this topic ; the David Kelley & Roger Donway 's 1985 monograph Laissez Parler : Freedom in the Electronic Media remains the best work on this , to my knowledge ; and see also the Rothbard quotes appended below .
( And , depressingly , almost every new libertarian discussion about this seems ignorant of this work ; young libertarians seem ever - determined to re-invent the wheel and / or weigh in before they 've done their homework . )
One Silas Barta keeps claiming that those who support property rights in airwaves cannot object to property rights in IP ( see here , here , here , here , and here ) .
My response to this argument , in brief , is : ( a ) so what ?
If this were so , then that just means we cannot support property rights in airwaves ; ( b ) and I disagree with this since the airwaves are scarce resources ; ( c ) the libertarian case for property in airwaves is not settled or very developed yet .
As to ( c ) , again , I refer to Kelley and Donway 's monograph .
As I have maintained for years , I lean in the direction indicated by Kelley and Donway - - that individuals could on the free market homestead EM spectra .
Let me briefly outline how I think this could work in a free market .
First , let me note the argument of those who object on the grounds that EM frequencies are mere numbers .
But a given " airwave " is basically a bandwidth of radio frequencies over a given limited volume of the earth 's surface .
Radio waves are electromagnetic waves that propagate at the speed of light ( they are light ; visible light is just one portion of the EM spectrum ) through space .
A signal can be transmitted by sending a modulated signal at a given wavelength ( wavelength is inverse to frequency ) .
For example AM means amplitude modulation : a given signal is modulated by varying its amplitude ( magnitude ) .
In FM , the frequency is modulated .
It is impossible to have a perfectly precise ( narrow ) wavelength ; when you emit a signal it is at a " center " wavelenght but extends to the " sides " to some degree , called the bandwidth .
So a given broadcaster might send a radio signal over a certain bandwidth ( set of wavelengths ) surrounding a center wavelength or frequency such as 87.5MHz .
Now the case for property in airwaves is basically this , as I see it .
It is based on the basic idea of homesteading ( see my What Libertarianism Is ) .
Under this approach , every scarce resource -- things that can be contested ; rivalrous things ; resources that have exclusive use , so that use by me excludes use by you , and so on -- is assigned an owner ; that owner is the person who first appropriated or used the property in an embordering way -- that is as an owner .
It 's the first person to erect publicly visible boundaries that others can respect and see ; he has a better claim to the resource than any latecomer .
Note that this approach implies that the type of use made of and the type of borders established for a given resource determine the scope and nature of property rights .
Property rights in bodies are different than property rights in land and in cows and in an apple .
One type of property right is an easement ( servitude , in the civil law ) .
Say people routinely walk over a path from point A ( their village ) to point B ( watering hole ) .
You can say they have homesteaded at least that use of the propety .
If someone else builds a home there , they have to let the easement continue .
A similar case can be made for airways ( " tunnels " in the sky that airplanes pass thru ) and shipping lanes .
Now , why does it have to be an easement over walking - space on land on the earth 's surface , established by the passage of human bodies ?
Why can't it be an easement over the airwaves ( viewed as a type of volume of space with respect to a given bandwidth ) , established by the passages of EM waves ?
After all , EM waves are physical , and the airwave / spectrum used is a scarce resource like a path on land is .
It 's scarce because broadcaster 1 can't use the spectrum if broadcaster 2 sends a transmission over the same carrier channel in the same physical region ; there is interference .
So : the idea is that the first broadcaster to use a given bandwidth in a given region would be regarded as having homesteaded this airwave or EM spectrum .
Others who broadcast on it would be viewed as trespassers .
[ Incidentally , the reason transmission of an EM wave for information - signalling purposes is not normally trespass even though the waves pass through others ' bodies is that it does not interfere with their use of their bodies ; for more on this approach to " invasion " see Rothbard 's classic air pollution article ; by contrast , aiming high - intensity , coherent , power - carrying EM radiation - - a laser beam -- at someone could be aggression , since it could affect the physical integrity of their body or other property . ]
I tentatively lean in favor of this argument .
I suspect this is the type of argument , and practical use , that would tend to win out in a decentralized , property - respecting , dispute - settling society .
But I am not 100 % sure .
A final note .
This type of situation is not analogous to IP because there is no " idea space " that is scarce and homesteadable .
Instead the IP advocates want to install property rights in " the right to make a greater profit by virtue of artificial imposed scarcity , " something like this .
A few other discussions of this can be found here : B.K. Marcus , The Spectrum Should Be Private Property : The Economics , History , and Future of Wireless Technology ; and comments here : http://blog.mises.org/archives/005577.asp;
http://blog.mises.org/archives/006930.asp; and http://blog.mises.org/archives/007561.asp;
http://blog.mises.org/archives/007561.asp.
Update : Rothbard was also , as usual , far ahead on this issue .
Some of his comments on this are below :
From Man , Economy , and State :
Furthermore , if we understand by " air " the medium for the transmission of such things as radio waves and television images , there is only a limited quantity of wave lengths available for radio and for television purposes .
This scarce factor is appropriable and ownable by man .
In a free society , ownership of these channels would accrue to individuals just like that of land or animals : the first users obtain the property .
The first user , Jones , of the wave length of 1,000 kilocycles , would be the absolute owner of this length for his wave area , and it will be his right to continue us­ing it , to abandon it , to sell it , etc .
Anyone else who set up a transmitter on the owner 's wave length would be as guilty of in­vasion of another 's property right as a trespasser on someone else 's land or a thief of someone else 's livestock . [ 39 ] [ 40 ] ... [ 39 ]
If a channel has to be a certain number of wave lengths in width in order to permit clear transmission , then the property would accrue to the first user , in terms of such width . [ 40 ]
Professor Coase has demonstrated that Federal ownership of airwaves was arrogated , in the 1920's , not so much to alleviate a preceding " chaos , " as to forestall this very acquisition of private property rights in air waves , which the courts were in the process of establishing according to common law principles .
Ronald H. Coase , " The Federal Communications Com­mission , " Journal of Law and Economics , October , 1959 , pp. 5 , 30 - 32 . [ 41 ]
It is rapidly becoming evident that air lanes for planes are becoming scarce and , in a free society , would be owned by first users -- thus obviating a great many plane crashes .
From Law , Property Rights , and Air Pollution :
The theory of homestead easements discussed earlier would require no restriction upon radio transmissions or on people 's low - level radiation .
In the case of radio transmissions , Smith 's ownership of land and all of its appurtenances does not entitle him to own all radio waves passing over and across his land , for Smith has not homesteaded or transmitted on radio frequencies here .
Hence , Jones , who transmits a wave on , say , 1200 kilohertz , homesteads the ownership of that wave as far as it travels , even if it travels across Smith 's property .
If Smith tries to interfere with or otherwise disrupt Jones 's transmissions , he is guilty of interfering with Jones 's just property . [ 61 ]
Only if the radio transmissions are proven to be harmful to Smith 's person beyond a reasonable doubt should Jones 's activities be subject to injunction .
The same type of argument , of course , applies to radiation transmissions . ... [ 61 ]
During the 1920s , the courts were working out precisely such a system of homesteaded private property rights in airwave frequencies .
It is because such a private property structure was evolving that Secretary of Commerce Hoover pushed through the Radio Act of 1927 , nationalizing ownership of the airwaves .
See Ronald H. Coase , " The Federal Communications Commission , " Journal of Law and Economics 2 ( October 1959 ) : 1 -40 .
For a modern study of how such frequencies could be allocated , see A . De Vany , et al. , A Property System Approach to the Electromagnetic Spectrum ( San Francisco : Cato Institute , 1980 ) .
And here :
in the courts ' determination of radio frequency ownership in the 1920s , the extent of ownership depended on the technological unit of the radio wave -- its width on the electromagnetic spectrum so that another wave would not interfere with the signal , and its length over space .
The ownership of the frequency then was determined by width , length , and location .
...
American land settlement is a history of grappling , often unsuccessfully , with the size of the homestead unit .
And see the subsection " Freedom of Radio and Television " in chapter 6 of For A New Liberty .
See also Toward Property Rights in Spectrum : The Difficult Policy Choices Ahead , by Dale Hatfield and Phil Weiser ( Cato 2006 ) ; and Milton Mueller , Property Rights In Radio Communication : The Key to the Reform of Telecommunications Regulation ( Cato 1982 ) .
Two researchers have revealed tools that reportedly allow people to eavesdrop on video conference calls and intercept surveillance camera video .
The only requirement for using the free tool is that you be in the same building as the caller or call receiver .
UCSniff for Voice over IP ( VOIP ) Networks
UCSniff is a free tool that available for Linux and Windows .
According to Jason Ostrom , director of the Viper Lab at Sipera Systems , the tool offers a graphical user interface ( GUI ) that makes ' sniffing ' video easy .
It works by tricking the voice - over - IP ( VOIP ) network carrying the video into sending the data packets to the eavesdropper 's computer .
( Source : cnet.com )
VideoJak for Intercepting Video Streams
Viper Lab has also developed a free tool called VideoJak that can be used to intercept video streams .
VideoJak can be used to change live surveillance video so it can be replaced by a video stream that loops endlessly .
Users can replay the video from the same stream or replace it with something else .
( Source : cnet.com )
Companies that use encryption on their network servers to encrypt the audio or video streams are protected against these types of attacks .
By default , most servers do not employ this type of encryption .
Both tools can be used to assess the vulnerability of your network .
Visit Bill 's Links and More for more great tips , just like this one !
Chris Lentz , instead of going the classy route and getting a pair of truck nuts , decided to throw a Czech built Motorlet M-701 turbojet in the bed of his truck .
The fifty - five - year - old electrical foreman from Jackson , Michigan , had longed for a jet - powered truck for decades .
Two years ago , Lentz discovered a way to realize his dream when he met a pilot from New York who imported used turbojet engines .
After watching an example run on a test stand , Lentz paid $ 10,000 for one .
Unfortunately , it 's pretty unimpressive .
Without jet assist , Lentz 's 231 - hp V - 8 accelerated its 6600 - pound burden ( truck , jet engine , two occupants ) to 60 mph in a sluggish 14.5 seconds .
The best of three runs in hybrid mode - exploiting both piston and jet propulsion - trimmed six seconds from the sprint to 60 mph .
The quarter - mile speed jumped 30 mph and we achieved 140 mph after 45 seconds of acceleration .
Wow .
You could probably tape bottle rockets to your bumper and go faster .
Just sayin ' , HAPPY CANADA DAY !
Somebody burn themself with a firework for me .
Video after the jump .
Home - Built 2700 HP Jet - Truck Is The Coolest Truck Ever ! [ jalopnik ]
Thanks to naas and FDSY , who would have just strapped the thing to their back with roller skates on because they 're jackasses .
Once again , news has arrived from the land of Hollywood that another major video game franchise is being adapted for the silver screen .
Last week , it was announced that Uncharted would get a celluloid makeover ; this week , it 's a much older franchise that 's being adapted .
It turns out that Asteroids , the Atari game from 1979 ( thus making it older than many in the current generation of gamers ) will be coming to theaters sometime in the future .
Astonishingly , not only is Asteroids being made into a movie , but there was an actual bidding war between four major studios for the rights .
Universal Studios has emerged the winner .
As a result , Matthew Lopez is set to write the script and it will be produced by Lorenzo di Bonaventura .
Lopez has written the screenplays for the recent Disney films Escape to Witch Mountain and Bedtime Stories , as well as for the upcoming The Sorcerer 's Apprentice .
Meanwhile , di Bonaventura 's latest ventures include Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen and the soon - to - be- released G.I. Joe : The Rise of Cobra .
While there are some big Hollywood players involved with this project , the inherent problem with making a movie out of Asteroids is that it does n't have a plot , or characters , just a triangular spaceship blowing up some oddly - shaped polygons .
On the other hand , one could look at this with the perspective that it 's pretty much impossible to screw up the game 's story .
However , this news implies something much larger and much more unsettling : Hollywood may officially be out of original movie ideas .
You are not logged in .
Login or Signup
It 's not always wartime , sometimes they get to go on their ...
archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:23 ,
Bwahahahah ...
* Clicks hard * :)
Edit : FP here you come :D ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:24 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:24 ,
: D
( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:24 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:24 ,
Hahahahahahahahaha !
clickles ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:25 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:25 ,
HAHAHAHAHA
Bloody fantastic :D
* clicks furiously * ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:25 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:25 ,
Clickity - click ..
( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:25 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:25 ,
funniest thing today :)
( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:26 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:26 ,
Hahahahahaahahahahaha
EDIT : Yoda !!!!
Hahahaahahahahahahahahahahaha ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:27 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:27 ,
Bloody Hell Zak
that 's the first thing to make me snigger out loud in ages
I had started to think that was going to be a SmallBrainfield post
* clicks twelvety times * ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:27 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:27 ,
I blew snot out my nose
well it was either that or my sandwich all over the place ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:33 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:33 ,
you can spot his from the blurry compressed text
omg wait this is over 100 k life ruined ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:42 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:42 ,
Ssshhh do n't tell riverghost !
( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:45 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:45 ,
hahahahahaahahaha !
( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 13:20 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 13:20 ,
I thought it was FWM at first .
( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:46 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:46 ,
ahha
( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:28 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:28 ,
Hahahaha !
Sometimes I think to myself " Hey , why is that frisbee getting bigger ? " .
Then it hits me .
( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:28 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:28 ,
: D
archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:29 ,
Fucking hell !
I just coughed up my sandwich :D ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:28 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:28 ,
thats fucking amazing zak
( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:28 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:28 ,
I love this !
: D archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:28 ,
hahahahhahahah !
* clicked !* home - lols
( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:29 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:29 ,
Hahahahahahahhahahahhahahahah
Stop the internet , we have a winner !!! ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:30 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:30 ,
hahahah
( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:31 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:31 ,
Genuine lols
best thing in ages ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:31 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:31 ,
hahahahaha !
last frame is pure win !
( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:31 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:31 ,
* giggles like a loon *
: D ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:32 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:32 ,
yeah win
( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:36 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:36 ,
woo
and indeed yay ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:41 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:41 ,
Fan fucking tastic !
( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:45 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:45 ,
hahaha
thats excellent ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:54 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:54 ,
HAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAAAAA !
Edit : Top Edit ! ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:55 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:55 ,
hehe
I noticed I 'd forgotten to finish it !
( I also had to mirror the caravan , otherwise the window was on the wrong side )
Oh , and it was too big ... but apart from all that ... ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:56 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:56 ,
I prefered the original :(
I liked the idea of the Star Wars universe existing in a caravan camp in Dorset :D ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:57 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 12:57 ,
I was in two minds about it ...
I quite liked the old bloke too .
I wanted an old couple drinking tea , then I decided Yoda .
( I did enjoy ' sponging ' Yoda ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 13:01 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 13:01 ,
Thats birlliant !
Top stuff ! ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 13:12 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 13:12 ,
Hahahaha
* clicks * ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 13:16 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 13:16 ,
Love it
Without wanting to curse it , I hope it gets FP'd
* edit * YAY ! ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 13:33 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 13:33 ,
HA ha ha ha ha !
Excellent stuff , Mr McFlimby .
( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 13:51 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 13:51 ,
YODA SPONG !
* clix furiously * ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 14:05 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 14:05 ,
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Fucking class :D ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 14:07 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 14:07 ,
that 's fucking awesome
* cleek * ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 14:18 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 14:18 ,
: D
( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 14:18 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 14:18 ,
Class
not - in - a- glass ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 14:23 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 14:23 ,
arf :D
( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 14:35 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 14:35 ,
ha ha ha
congrats on the well deserved FP ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 14:42 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 14:42 ,
Have A Pearoast & a * Click *
archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 15:08 ,
Hahashahahahaahahah
Hahahahahah ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 15:31 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 15:31 ,
Haha
fuck yeah .
( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 15:38 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 15:38 ,
That
is fucking outstanding work .
( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 16:36 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 16:36 ,
ahahaha
feckin ' hilarious .
WooYayHouplaPanowieZeewomp . ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 17:09 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 17:09 ,
Hahahahahaaa
genuine lol ! ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 17:17 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 17:17 ,
hahahahahahahah
this deserves an old style woo / yay / houpla / panowie !!!!
( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 18:02 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 18:02 ,
AAahahahaaahahahahahaa !
Yes !
Superb ! ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 18:32 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 18:32 ,
This is much better
than the holiday special .
( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 22:59 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 22:59 ,
Oh my .
I 've not cackled like that in ages .
Top stuff !
( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 23:27 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 23:27 ,
ha ha ha !
out loud here !
( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 23:41 , archived ) ( , Thu 30 Jul 2009 , 23:41 ,
superb !
Yoda 's caravan ! ( , Fri 31 Jul 2009 , 7:18 , archived ) ( , Fri 31 Jul 2009 , 7:18 ,
Amazing , Love it !
Excellent idea and very well done !
* Click * ( , Fri 31 Jul 2009 , 9:14 , archived ) ( , Fri 31 Jul 2009 , 9:14 ,
hahahahahahahahaha
oh my god , that is so fucking funny !!!!
Nice one !
( , Fri 31 Jul 2009 , 11:50 , archived ) ( , Fri 31 Jul 2009 , 11:50 ,
LOL
23:37 Koh Samui , Thailand .
Made me make my first comment .
( , Fri 31 Jul 2009 , 17:39 , archived ) ( , Fri 31 Jul 2009 , 17:39 ,
Do you do children 's parties ?
Most laugh since sliced bread ! ( , Fri 31 Jul 2009 , 23:47 , archived ) ( , Fri 31 Jul 2009 , 23:47 ,
Hahahahahahaha
Hahahahahaha
Hahahahahaha
* breathes *
Hahahahaha ( , Sun 2 Aug 2009 , 14:10 , archived ) ( , Sun 2 Aug 2009 , 14:10 ,
ceramic ware having a translucent body , and , when it is glazed , a translucent glaze , 1530s , from Middle French porcelaine and directly from Italian porcellana " porcelain " ( 13 c . ) , literally " cowrie shell ; " the chinaware being so called from resemblance of its lustrous transparency to the shiny surface of the shells .
As an adjective from 1590s .
The shell 's name in Italian is from porcella " young sow , " fem . of Latin porcellus " young pig , " diminutive of porculus " piglet , " itself a diminutive of porcus " pig " ( from PIE root * porko - " young pig " ) .
According to an old theory , the connection of the shell and the pig is a perceived resemblance of the shell ( also Venus shell ) opening to the exposed outer genitalia of pigs .
According to Century Dictionary ( 1897 ) the shell was " so called because the shape of the upper surface resembles the curve of a pig 's back . "
Maggots and leeches : Good medicine By Rita Rubin , USA TODAY
Two medical devices recently approved by the Food and Drug Administration seem more likely to appear on Fear Factor than ER .
Your prescription is ready : Ohio pharmacist Greg Wellman shows off a container of medicinal leeches .
By Tim Revell , Columbus Dispatch via AP Calling them " devices " is a stretch .
But just like stimulators and stents , prostheses and pacemakers , leeches and maggots are now classified as FDA - approved medical devices — the first live animals to earn that distinction .
No question , the thought of getting up close and personal with leeches or maggots is enough to make most healthy people feel ill .
But patients who have been treated with these " devices , " as well as their doctors , credit them with restoring health to tissue when high - tech medicine could not .
Although a French firm 's leeches were approved only last week and a California doctor 's maggots were cleared in January , the creatures have long medical track records .
Companies that were already selling leeches before the Food , Drug and Cosmetic
Act became law in 1976 were grandfathered in and did not need FDA approval .
The FDA only recently decided to regulate maggots , says internist Ronald Sherman , who earned the agency 's permission in January to continue supplying the caterpillar - like fly larvae .
Leeches through history Medicinal leeches are bloodsucking , aquatic cousins of the earthworm that hail from Europe .
Doctors used leeches for bloodletting — thought to be good for whatever ailed patients — from Hippocrates ' time through the mid-19th century .
Leeches fell out of favor when doctors finally recognized that patients they bled fared no better , and often worse , than other patients .
BAD TASTING MEDICINE
Here 's a remedy being tested for patients with inflammatory bowel diseases .
It 's a gastroenterologist 's experimental concoction — spiced with 2,000 eggs of intestinal worms .
A new treatment for inflammatory bowel diseases may be worming its way into the medical armamentarium .
University of Iowa gastroenterologist Joel Weinstock developed the concoction , which consists of a popular beverage — he declines to name it — and 2,000 pig whipworm eggs per serving .
The worms come from pigs raised at a local U.S. Department of Agriculture facility and then slaughtered .
Weinstock came up with the idea after observing that inflammatory bowel diseases are most common in industrialized countries , where modern sanitation had virtually eliminated the chance of people acquiring intestinal worms .
Though that 's generally a good thing , it might raise the risk of developing inflammatory bowel disease in genetically predisposed people , Weinstock says .
That 's because intestinal worms dampen the immune response , which is in overdrive in inflammatory bowel disease , causing persistent diarrhea , abdominal pain , weight loss and fever .
Medications can relieve symptoms but are n't a cure .
Weinstock chose to test pig whipworms because they do n't venture out of the gut , they do n't survive more than six or eight weeks and they do n't appear to make people sick .
Their eggs are less than half the size of a grain of sand , so they 're basically undetectable in Weinstock 's drink .
The worms , which are less than half an inch long and thinner than a human hair , emerge in the gut .
Weinstock has tested worm therapy in 120 patients with Crohn 's disease or ulcerative colitis , the two types of inflammatory bowel disease , which affect up to 1 million Americans .
The treatment was tolerated well and appeared to improve symptoms .
" It 's likely to be effective in both diseases , " Weinstock says .
He hopes to conduct a larger , multicenter trial of the therapy .
By Rita Rubin
It 's often trickier to connect veins , which carry blood back to the heart , than arteries , which carry blood from the heart .
So before grafted tissue gets new vein growth , it can become congested with blood .
Sometimes surgery can fix the problem , but if it can't , the graft might fail .
Enter the leech .
Not only does it suck out excess blood , but its saliva contains a powerful blood thinner .
So even after it fills up and drops off , bleeding continues .
Douglas Chepeha , an ear , nose and throat surgeon at the University of Michigan , treats two or three patients a year with leeches after rebuilding faces or mouths decimated by cancer .
Typically , leeches are used one at a time and replaced as they drop off — usually every 20 minutes — for 24 to 48 hours , then intermittently for a few days afterward , Chepeha says .
" I 've never had anybody refuse , " Chepeha says .
" They 've come in with a serious cancer , they 've had part of a critical organ removed , they want to get better .
You say to them : ' I think this could help . '
People have been amazingly stoic about it . "
Normally pretty squeamish , Alyssa Kieff , 22 , of Marrero , La. , tolerated five days of leech therapy in April .
Kieff 's beagle had snapped at her and tore off her right upper eyelid , which was reattached microsurgically by Kamran Khoobehi , a Louisiana State University Health Sciences Center plastic surgeon .
Kieff , who returned to her receptionist job a month after surgery , was n't quite as enthusiastic .
Still , she says , " I knew it had to be done to help the eyelid survive .
I did n't think about it . "
Two U.S. companies sell medicinal leeches for about $ 7.50 apiece .
They 're usually on call in hospital pharmacy refrigerators .
Compared with leeches , maggots are tiny things .
But their association with rotting flesh may make them even more off - putting than leeches — until you talk to someone who 's been treated with them .
Maggots to the rescue
Three years ago , a small cut on the bottom of Pam Mitchell 's foot became seriously infected as a result of diabetes .
After surgery to remove diseased tissue , Mitchell , who had worked as a waitress for 20 years , was left with a hole in her foot that was 1 inch deep and 2 inches across .
And still , the infection raged .
Antibiotics were powerless against it .
" They were telling me I should think about amputation , " says Mitchell , who is from Akron , Ohio .
But then a co-worker told Mitchell of a TV show she had seen about using maggots to heal wounds .
Desperate to save her foot , Mitchell found a dermatologist , Eliot Mostow , who thought maggot therapy was worth a try .
Luckily , her insurance covered the $ 75 - a- session treatments .
Mostow applied disinfected maggots to her wound and covered them with a cagelike dressing .
The maggots liquefied dead tissue , killed harmful bacteria and stimulated healing .
After 48 hours , Mitchell 's orthopedist removed the maggot dressing .
After 10 treatments , her foot was well on its way to being healed .
" It 's amazing , " she says .
" There 's hardly even a scar there . "
Today , Mitchell serves on the board of the non-profit Biotherapeutics Education and Research Foundation , which promotes the medical use of maggots and leeches and provides them to patients who lack insurance coverage .
Sherman , an Irvine , Calif. , internist , is the group 's CEO and only U.S. maggot supplier .
To say Sherman is mad about maggots is like saying Spider - Man 2 is doing OK at the box office .
" He really is Dr. Maggot in my mind , " Mostow says .
" He knows more about this than anybody else . "
Through the years , Sherman says , military surgeons noticed that soldiers with maggot - infested wounds did better than similarly wounded soldiers without the infestation .
Sherman began treating patients with maggots in 1990 .
By 1993 , as word got out about his success in saving limbs scheduled for amputation , other hospitals began asking him for maggots .
By 1994 or 1995 , Sherman says , he was getting so many requests that he began charging a nominal fee to cover the materials and his time .
Today , Sherman says , he supplies blow fly maggots to 300 sites around the country , including Washington Hospital Center in Washington , D.C. , which used them to treat victims of the terrorist attack on the Pentagon .
" They 're lifesaving , " says James Jeng , a burn specialist at the hospital .
Sherman says relatively few of his customers are willing to go public .
" Some administrators , " he says , " have expressed the view that the public will think the hospital is old - fashioned or , worse , unhygienic . "
Centuries ago , Baron Wolfgang MacLaren vanquished the Vampire Queen Carmilla in the remote Cragwich ; however , before decapitating the evil vampire , she curses the locals and descendants of the baron , swearing that every woman would turn into a lesbian vampire on the eighteenth birthday .
On the present days , the clumsy and naive cuckold Jimmy is dumped again by his girlfriend Judy and misses her .
His best friend Fletch is fired in his job of clown after hitting an annoying boy .
The two friends are broken and decide to camp in the countryside to forget their problems , and Jimmy throws a dart in a map in a pub to decide where they should go .
They head to Cragwich and when they arrive in the bar Baron 's Rest , they see four hot girls leaving the place in a Kombi .
The innkeeper offers the old Mircalla cottage in the woods for them , the same place the girls will lodge .
Meanwhile , Lotte , Heide , Anke and Trudi have trouble with their van and Jimmy and Fletch reach them in the forest and they ... Written by Claudio Carvalho , Rio de Janeiro , Brazil
Android :
If the GPS mapping and performance analysis of apps like RunKeeper give your Android phone iPhone envy , Google 's got a geeky alternative .
My Tracks plots runs , cycles , and other fitness forays to custom Google Maps or a Google spreadsheet .
Advertisement
You get far more than just a line showing where you went on your last trip with My Tracks .
While running or in front of your My Maps account , can see your elevation profile over time or distance , check your speeds , set up waypoints for longer sojourns , and share your GPX or KML output over email , Twitter via Twidroid , or export the data to your SD card .
Advertisement
Google recommends Android users download a few " sister applications " to make My Tracks more useful , including the aforementioned Twidroid , the Power Manager app to keep My Tracks from completely dousing your ( admittedly spare ) battery reserves , and the My Maps Editor to view and share your exercise maps .
My Tracks still lacks the slick looks of RunKeeper or Nike+ , but if you 're really impressed by raw data and beautiful statistics , you can get a whole lot of them , as evidenced in the example here ( not mine , believe me ) .
My Tracks is a free download for Android - based phones .
My Tracks for Android
The legislation would be the first to make paid vacation time a requirement under federal law .
Congressman :
We 're going to Disney
Rep .
Alan Grayson was standing in the middle of Disney World when it hit him :
What Americans really need is a week of paid vacation .
So on Thursday , the Florida Democrat will introduce the Paid Vacation Act — legislation that would be the first to make paid vacation time a requirement under federal law .
Advertisement
The bill would require companies with more than 100 employees to offer a week of paid vacation for both full - time and part - time employees after they ’ve put in a year on the job .
Three years after the effective date of the law , those same companies would be required to provide two weeks of paid vacation , and companies with 50 or more employees would have to provide one week .
The idea : More vacation will stimulate the economy through fewer sick days , better productivity and happier employees .
“ There ’s a reason why Disney World is the happiest place on Earth :
The people who go there are on vacation , ” said Grayson , a freshman who counts Orlando as part of his home district .
“ Honestly , as much as I appreciate this job and as much as I enjoy it , the best days of my life are and always have been the days I ’m on vacation . ”
According to the Center for Economic and Policy Research , 28 million Americans — or about a quarter of the work force — do n’t get any paid vacation .
The center says that a lack of vacation causes stress and workplace burnout and that those evil twins cost the economy more than $ 300 billion each year .
One more if - you ’re - reading - this - then - you ’re - probably - not - on - vacation fact : The United States is dead last among 21 industrial countries when it comes to mandatory R&R .
France currently requires employers to provide 30 days of paid leave .
Not surprisingly , some in the travel industry are salivating over Grayson ’s bill ; Grayson spokesman Todd Jurkowski said the U.S. Tour Operators Association and the Adventure Travel Trade Association are both on board .
Other tourism and labor groups are expected to sign on in the coming days .
The Politico 44 Story Widget Requires Adobe Flash Player
The U.S. Travel Association has not yet endorsed the measure , but Senior Vice President Geoff Freeman says Congress does need to consider new ways to stimulate the vacation industry and travel economy .
So far , no group has come out in opposition of the bill .
Nor has anyone announced opposition to roller coaster rides , cookouts on the beach or salt - water taffy on the boardwalk .
But with many Americans out of work and an economy in shambles , some say this may not be the best time to propose more time away from the office , especially on the boss ’s dime .
The Society for Human Resource Management issued a statement Wednesday warning that “ a one - size - fits - all , government - imposed mandate is not the answer . ”
Because of the 50 - and 100 - employee thresholds , most small businesses would n’t be directly affected by the bill immediately .
But the National Small Business Association warned of indirect consequences ; companies might artificially hold their hiring at the 50 - to - 100 - employee level to avoid the costs of paid vacation time .
The bill also could have a negative impact on manufacturers already bracing for higher costs that could be associated with the climate - change legislation working its way through the House .
One place where the bill would n’t have much of an effect : Capitol Hill .
Congressional staffers already get paid vacation , even if they do n’t actually have time to take it .
And members can take time off during recesses — as they will next week — albeit not as much as they once did .
While members once had much of the summer off , Congress will be in session this year virtually all of June and July .
That leaves August , and Sen. Lisa Murkowski ( R - Alaska ) says that ’s not really enough time to unwind .
“ I ’m off in the state for a full month catching up on all the things I ’ve missed throughout the year , but you do n’t have time for yourself , ” she said .
“ You do n’t have much time for your family .
And after a while , you do start to get just tired . ”
Grayson ’s bill is part of a larger move by Democrats to improve employee and workplace standards .
Earlier this month , Democrats introduced a bill that would make employers give mandatory sick time .
“ The committee is looking at a number of proposals to help workers balance family responsibilities and work duties , ” said House Education and Labor Committee spokesman Aaron Albright .
“ The fact is the United States is behind the rest of the world in ensuring that workplaces have paid leave policies .
These policies not only benefit workers but also help the employers ’ bottom line because of lower turnover and better job satisfaction . ”
But in the workaholic world of Washington , not everyone is so impressed with the restorative — or stimulative — powers of time unplugged .
Asked Tuesday what he ’d do with an extra week of paid vacation , Sen. Chuck Grassley ( R - Iowa ) said : “ I ’d keep the cash and spend the week working on the farm , with my BlackBerry and office files .
For GADTs that are really enumerations , I think deriving Show should work .
E.g .
data T a where Foo :: T Int Bar :: T Bool deriving ( Show )
There 's no ( ? ) intricate behaviour of the derived functions , so why not ?
-- Lennart
Late in July , the U.S. was busy setting priorities for who should get the scarce new swine flu vaccine when it becomes available this fall .
One of the first groups will be , logically , healthcare workers .
Surfing a Swine Flu News Tsunami read more
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners John Horton ’s Paintings Preserve History .
His Seamanship Saves Lives
Meet the fascinating Order of BC winner who also happens to be a Tyee supporter .
The Public Heath Agency of Canada , however , has been more relaxed .
With a guaranteed supply of vaccine , said chief public health officer Dr. David Butler - Jones , everyone will get a vaccination .
So a Canadian priority list wo n't be needed until September .
No doubt we too will rank healthcare workers near the top of the list of those who should get the first shots .
But many healthcare workers , Canadian and American alike , are likely to decline the opportunity .
Their reluctance to be vaccinated against influenza is far from new .
It 's been baffling health authorities everywhere for more than 20 years .
The sudden arrival of swine flu last spring , and its likely return this fall , have only created a new battlefield in a kind of culture war between those who support vaccination and those who deeply distrust it .
Seasonal influenza kills 4,000 to 8,000 Canadians every year , but routine diseases do n't raise much concern .
So if doctors , nurses and hospital staff choose not to be vaccinated against seasonal flu , the public is rarely alarmed .
Achieving herd immunity
But perhaps we should be .
To achieve " herd immunity , " says one recent Australian study , vaccination rates should be at least 83 per cent .
That is , the flu virus is unlikely to find an unvaccinated person in a population where four out of five have been vaccinated .
But recent reports suggest that at best only 60 per cent of Canadian doctors , nurses and staff get immunized against seasonal flu .
In B.C. , according to chief medical health officer Perry Kendall , only 40 per cent of healthcare workers are vaccinated .
Since the 1980s , efforts to encourage healthcare professionals to get vaccinated have seen few results .
One ironic result is that the medical literature is now rich in research on healthcare workers ' reluctance to follow a standard healthcare procedure .
One survey of the literature found that easy access to free vaccine , and an in - hospital education program , tended to improve vaccination rates .
But the survey also found a consistent , widespread misperception among healthcare workers about the risks of influenza and their own role in transmitting it to patients .
Another survey found only 42 per cent of U.S. healthcare workers were vaccinated in the 2005 - 06 flu season , and reported a number of reasons for the reluctance of nurses to get a flu shot .
Some worried about the safety or efficacy of the vaccine .
Others just believed they would n't get the flu , and did n't think about the risks that nurses , infected but with no symptoms , could pose to their patients .
Many just did n't think flu was that serious .
Would bribes work ?
The Australian study , published in January 2009 , effectively refuted most reasons why healthcare workers do n't get vaccinated .
The study concluded that mandatory vaccination could be justified .
But the legal problems would be horrendous and time - consuming .
The best alternative , the Australians argue , is to offer " financial rewards , prizes , or public approbation . "
In other words , if logic wo n't work , maybe bribes will .
Here in B.C. , the Hospital Employees ' Union and the B.C. Nurses Union both officially endorse vaccination on a voluntary basis .
In an interview with The Tyee , BCNU executive council member Margaret Dhillon said her union is doing a lot of planning for a return of H1N1 , but vaccination has not been a major topic of discussion .
" We encourage members to be vaccinated , " Dhillon said , " but it 's up to them to accept or decline . "
She cited various reasons for declining : underlying health conditions , allergies , pregnancy , and doubts about the efficacy of the vaccine .
The BCNU , she said , continues to educate its members about vaccination .
Similarly , the HEU encourages its members to get vaccinated , but its policy stops short of requiring them .
In a 2004 newsletter , the union advised members who might have medical reasons for not getting the vaccine to submit proof of those reasons to their employer .
With a new vaccine being rushed into production , healthcare workers will have another reason not to accept it :
It wo n't have been extensively tested .
Health Canada does n't see that as a problem :
In effect , the swine flu vaccine will be just another lightly tweaked flu vaccine , with most of its components already known and predictable .
The vaccine skeptics
That wo n't reassure healthcare workers who already have their doubts about vaccines in general and flu vaccines in particular .
And as the new vaccine rolls out , it 's likely to encounter fierce opposition .
Vaccine skeptics march under different banners , and an article in Mother Jones listed some of them last year :
Some distrust Big Medicine and prefer " natural " treatment of diseases .
Some resent Big Government interference in their lives .
Still others see Big Pharma as the villain , profiting from every scare about a new disease with yet another bogus cure .
A few object on religious grounds .
Advocates for autistic children and adults argue that vaccines trigger autism in some children .
The skeptics have already enjoyed some successes .
They point to the swine flu of 1976 , which killed one unlucky US Army recruit ; the vaccine , given to 40 million Americans , seems to have helped trigger many cases of Guillain - Barré Syndrome , a sometimes fatal paralytic condition .
In 1999 , a mercury compound called thimerosal was removed from many vaccines thanks to pressure from the autism advocates .
But mercury compounds are evidently still in flu vaccines , according to the blog Age of Autism , and are therefore responsible for current cases of autism .
A Canadian site , Facing Autism in New Brunswick , recently cited a study suggesting that swine flu might change the genes of unborn babies , leaving them susceptible to autism and other disorders .
It also raised the possibility that vaccinating pregnant mothers against H1N1 might also cause genetic damage to those babies .
Fears of Big Brother
Allied to the vaccine skeptics are various anti-government groups online like Prison Planet , which recently argued that swine flu will be used " as an excuse to implement martial law and a mandatory vaccination program . "
If H1N1 does return in the fall , and our hospitals find their " surge capacity " sorely tested , the vaccine skeptics and their political allies will use the new vaccine as a target , doing their considerable best to discourage people from being vaccinated .
Scientists and medical experts will make their case for vaccination , but this is not a scientific debate to be won by hard facts and validated predictions .
This is a culture war , in which victory goes to political clout .
In the hospitals and clinics , the clout seems to lie with the vaccine skeptics .
As long as two or three out of five frontline medical workers decline to get vaccinated , and can go on working ( away from influenza patients ) , the authorities can't do much about it .
Even if they suspended such workers without pay , that would create an instant shortage of caregivers , just when they were most needed .
However long and intense the current pandemic may be , it will end eventually .
But the culture war will go on .
Tokyo
IN April , President Obama pledged to seek peace and security in a world without nuclear weapons .
He called for not simply a reduction , but elimination .
His words awakened something buried deeply within me , something about which I have until now been reluctant to discuss .
I realized that I have , perhaps now more than ever , a personal and moral responsibility to speak out as one who survived what Mr. Obama called the “ flash of light . ”
On Aug. 6 , 1945 , the first atomic bomb was dropped on my hometown , Hiroshima .
I was there , and only 7 years old .
When I close my eyes , I still see things no one should ever experience : a bright red light , the black cloud soon after , people running in every direction trying desperately to escape  I remember it all .
Within three years , my mother died from radiation exposure .
Image Credit ... Abbott Miller
I have never chosen to share my memories or thoughts of that day .
I have tried , albeit unsuccessfully , to put them behind me , preferring to think of things that can be created , not destroyed , and that bring beauty and joy .
I gravitated toward the field of clothing design , partly because it is a creative format that is modern and optimistic .
by Chris Bodenner
Jason Zengerle writes :
As people continue to get worked up about Obama 's comments on the Henry Louis Gates story , I think it 's important to remember what the president did n't say .
He did not call the behavior of James Crowley , the arresting officer , racist .
He did call Crowley 's behavior stupid .
And , really , I think it 's hard to reach any other conclusion when you consider that Crowley arrested Gates after he realized Gates was " breaking in " to his own home .
That 's stupid -- and Obama 's right to say so .
Even if Gates did act belligerently toward Crowley , you 'd hope Crowley would be professional enough not to respond by slapping cuffs on Gates and taking him down to the station .
The " contempt of cop " charge -- which is what these disorderly conduct charges are often nicknamed -- is really nothing more than an absue of power by the cop .
The trailer for The Lovely Bones .
Based on the critically acclaimed best - selling novel by Alice Sebold , and directed by Oscar winner Peter Jackson from a screenplay by Jackson & Fran Walsh & Philippa Boyens , The Lovely Bones centers on a young girl who has been murdered and watches over her family - and her killer - from heaven .
She must weigh her desire for vengeance against her desire for her family to heal .
Oscar nominee Mark Wahlberg and Oscar winners Rachel Weisz and Susan Sarandon star along with Stanley Tucci , Michael Imperioli and Oscar nominee Saoirse Ronan .
Ryan Gosling was originally cast Jack Salmon , the father of Susie Salmon .
Since the actor was only twenty - six at the time of filming , he decided to step out of the role because he felt he was too young and did not have what it takes to play an older character .
Mark Wahlberg came in just one day before shooting the film began .
Rose McIver ’s plays Saoirse Ronan ’s little sister .
In real life , McIver is six years older than Ronan .
Peter Jackson originally wanted an American actress to play Susie Salmon .
Throughout the audition process , he was having a difficult time finding a young American actress that would fit the role .
Although Saoirse Ronan was born in America , she was raised in Ireland .
She sent Jackson an audition tape that was so good she was given the role without any more auditions .
The trailer for The Lovely Bones is incredibly powerful .
Peter Jackson directed the film and wrote the screenplay based on the popular book by Alice Sebold .
Any time a book is turned into a movie , there are many mistakes that can be made and a lot that must be left out of the film in order to ensure the film will not be too long to keep audience 's attention .
The Lovely Bones appears to have a lot to offer for those who read the book and those who have not .
Saoirse Ronan is always so good in everything she does .
The cast also includes Mark Wahlberg as her grieving father who is trying to discover the truth about her death , to which he also appears to do an exceptional job .
The cast is rounded out by Susan Sarandon , Rachel Weisz , and Stanley Tucci as the potential abductor / murderer .
What is it about Stanley Tucci and his ability to play a believable child killer but also the sweet husband of Julia Child in Julie and Julia ?
I suppose it just means he is a really good actor who melts into his characters .
The scenes in the trailer that show the in - between of life and death are visual pleasures which are exactly why an experienced director like Peter Jackson is needed for a movie like this .
The trailer for The Lovely Bones has a lot going for it ; a thrilling mystery , fantastic actors , and a feast for the eyes .
Religious row as Orthodox Jewish couple sue neighbours for ' imprisoning ' them with automatic hallway light
Action : Dr Dena Coleman claims she and her husband would break a Sabbath prohibition if their movements trigger the light
A Jewish couple are suing their neighbours in a block of flats , saying an automatic security light is keeping them prisoner in their home because it forces them to break their Sabbath rules .
Dr Dena Coleman and husband Gordon claim they cannot leave their holiday flat on the Sabbath because when they do they automatically trigger the light in the communal hallway - contravening a religious ban on turning on electrical items from sunset on Friday to sunset on Saturday because it constitutes ' creating fire ' .
They say their human rights are being breached and are now suing the flats ' management company - their neighbours - for failing to accommodate their religion .
The other 35 owners of the seaside flats are liable to pay court costs if the claim is successful .
Dr Coleman , a 56 - year - old headteacher at a Jewish orthodox school in London , has been visiting the £ 200,000 holiday flat in Bournemouth , Dorset , with her husband for six years .
The management company fitted the motion - sensing lights six months ago in a bid to save energy and money .
The Colemans have offered to pay for an override switch to disable the light sensors during the Sabbath .
But the Embassy Court Management Company - which represents all residents and whose three directors also live in the block - said this would set an ' unacceptable precedent ' .
In a letter sent to occupants of all of the other 35 apartments in the block , the Colemans said : ' Faced with a situation where we could never again have full use of our flat , we were left with no alternative but to seek legal advice . '
The couple said they would drop the case if an override switch was installed and the management company paid their legal costs and compensation .
The argument has sparked controversy between the other residents .
Light skirmish : Embassy Court in Bournemouth , where the Colemans are suing the management company composed of all residents
One resident , who did not want to be named , said : ' It has caused quite a stir here , there have been a lot of arguments .
' There has been a meeting about it and many of the residents are n't happy .
' There 's a feeling that things should n't be changed just to suit people in one flat when everyone else is happy with it .
' I do n't think the rest of us would think twice about the lights but they 're going to great lengths to get it changed so they must feel very strongly about it . '
The couple say they only moved into the flat in spring 2003 on the understanding that movement sensors would never be installed in communal areas .
They have now issued a county court writ against the management company , saying they have discriminated against them on the grounds of religion .
The claim also accuses the company of breaching their rights under the Equality Act 2006 and Human Rights Act 1998 .
In a statement the company said : ' The directors believe that almost all lessees at Embassy Court support the actions taken by the management company to reduce communal lighting electricity costs , and to reduce repair and maintenance costs by preventing heat damage to light fittings and prolonging their life .
' The directors further believe that almost all lessees support the installation of movement sensor controls in the hallways and have no personal problems with their installations .
' Unfortunately correspondence between directors and lessees concerned failed to resolve the dispute .
' Clearly the lessees [ the Colemans ] felt so strongly that their rights may have been infringed by the management company that they decided to take legal action .
That is their prerogative .
' A key allegation in this claim is that the movement sensors installed in the hallway discriminate against the claimants , who are orthodox Jews , on the grounds of their religion and belief .
' The lessees also allege in the claim that when they purchased their flat in the spring of 2003 it was on the basis of assurances from selling agents that that movement sensors would not be installed at Embassy Court .
' Although other lessees are innocent parties in this legal dispute , in accordance with the lease , the Management Company 's expenses reasonably incurred in these legal proceedings with be recoverable from all lessees in the service charge , to the extent that these expenses are not paid by the other parties to the proceedings . '
The case is due to be heard at Bournemouth County Couty later this year .
Dr Coleman is the headteacher at Yavneh College in Borehamwood , Hertfordshire , the author of several books on education .
Today , I pushed a branch to my fork of authlogic_example : with - activeldap .
This branch shows a way of implementing pass - through authentication to an LDAP server using ActiveLdap and Authlogic , with just some small changes to the User and UserSession models .
First , we ’ll need to bring in the net - ldap and activeldap gems .
We edit config / environment.rb to include the following two lines :
config. gem " net-ldap " , : lib => false , : version => '> =0.0.5 ' config . gem " activeldap " , : lib => " active_ldap " , :version => ' 1.0.9 '
If you use sudo gem install net - ldap , you ’ll get 0.0.4 .
Here , I ’ve built the 0.0.5 gem from the GitHub repo .
This is because there are some bug fixes in the GitHub master that are n’t in the RubyForge gem .
In the with - activeldap branch , the two gems are vendored .
Now , we create config / ldap.yml to configure ActiveLdap ’s connection to our LDAP server .
Here ’s mine :
development : host : 127.0.0.1 base : dc=dev,dc=Asuka, dc=local bind_dn : cn=Manager , dc=dev,dc=Asuka, dc=local password : secret test : host : 127.0.0.1 base : dc=test,dc=Asuka , dc=local bind_dn : cn=Manager, dc=Asuka , dc=local password : secret production : host : 127.0.0.1 base : dc=prod, dc=Asuka , dc=local bind_dn : cn=Manager , dc=Asuka , dc=local password : secret
This tells ActiveLdap the server / port to connect to , what the base entry for our LDAP objects is , and what user to bind as for operations on the server .
Now , we create a LdapUser class to represent user entries in the LDAP :
class LdapUser < ActiveLdap :: Base ldap_mapping : dn_attribute => " uid " , : scope => : sub , : prefix => " o=users " end
This defines an LDAP user as being an entry from the o=users organization , where all of the entries are distinguished by the uid attribute .
Now , we should be able to use the console to list all of our LDAP users like so :
>> LdapUser . all
Now , we ’ll add some methods to the User model that allow us to look up users by login in the LDAP and create entries in the database if they do n’t already exist .
We ’ll also need a method for forwarding the credentials provided on the login form to the LDAP and see if they are valid :
class User < ActiveRecord :: Base acts_as_authentic do | c | #
Do n't validate password , since that will be held in the LDAP c. validate_password_field = false end def ldap_entry LdapUser . find ( self .
login ) end #
Tries to find a User first by looking into the database and then by # creating a User if there 's an LDAP entry for the given login def self .
find_or_create_from_ldap ( login ) find_by_login ( login ) || create_from_ldap_if_valid ( login ) end # Creates a
User record in the database if there is an entry in the LDAP # with the given login def self .
create_from_ldap_if_valid ( login ) begin User. create ( : login => login ) if LdapUser . find ( login ) rescue ActiveLdap :: EntryNotFound nil #
Do n't do anything since we can't find an entry end end protected # Authenticates the user against the LDAP .
def valid_ldap_credentials ?
( password_plaintext ) ldap_entry .
bind ( password_plaintext ) ldap_entry .
remove_connection true rescue ActiveLdap::AuthenticationError , ActiveLdap :: LdapError:: UnwillingToPerform false end end
With this , there is no longer a need for the crypted_password and password_salt columns in the users table , so if those columns exist , you ’ll have to write a migration to remove them ( or at least allow NULL values for them ) .
Now , we modify the UserSession to use our custom methods for looking up users and validating their credentials :
class UserSession < Authlogic : : Session : : Base find_by_login_method :find_or_create_from_ldap verify_password_method :valid_ldap_credentials ?
end
With that , we should now be able to log in as a user by providing her uid as the login and the password .
LDAP pass - through authentication achieved !
There is a downside though : ActiveLdap is not particularly efficient with its queries but this can be mitigated by storing the user ’s LDAP entry ( the LdapUser object ) in the User instance when it is first looked up .
def ldap_entry @ldap_entry || = LdapUser . find ( self .
login )
end
In a future post , I will extend this further by modeling LDAP groups and bringing in declarative_authorization to implement role - based access control based on LDAP group membership .
Reason and Religion
by Ethan Allen
The following is taken from Ethan Allen 's monumental book Reason - The Only Oracle of Man
Argumentative Reflections on SUPERNATURAL and MYSTERIOUS REVELATION in general
There is not anything , which has contributed so much to delude mankind in religious matters , as mistaken apprehensions concerning supernatural inspiration or revelation ; not considering , that all true religion originates from reason , and can no otherwise be understood , but by the exercise and improvement of it .
Therefore they are apt to confuse their minds which such inconsistencies .
In the subsequent reasonings on this subject , we shall argue against supernatural revelation in general which will comprehend the doctrine of inspiration or immediate illumination of the mind .
And first ; we will premise , that a revelation consists of an assemblage of rational ideas , intelligibly arranged and understood by those to whom it may be supposed to be revealed ; for otherwise , it could not exist in their minds as such .
To suppose a revelation , void of rationality or understanding , or of communicating rational intelligence to those , to whom it may be supposed to be given , would be a contradiction ; for that it would contain nothing except it were unintelligibleness which would be the same as to reveal and not to reveal ; therefore , a revelation must consist of an assemblage of rational ideas , intelligibly communicated to those who are supposed to have been the partakers or receivers of it ; from the first supposed inspiration , down to this or any other period of time .
But such a revelation on this , could be nothing more or less than a transcript of the law of nature , predicated on reason , and would be no more supernatural , than the reason of man may be supposed to be .
The simple definition of supernatural is , that which is " Beyond or above the powers of nature , " which never was or can be understood by mankind ; the first promulgators of revelation not excepted ; for such revelation , doctrine , precept or instruction only , as comes within the powers of our nature , is capable of being apprehended , contemplated or understood by us , and such , as does not , is to us incomprehensible and unknown , and consequently cannot for us compose any part of revelation .
The author of human nature impressed it with certain sensitive aptitudes and mental powers , so that apprehension , reflection or understanding could no otherwise be exerted or produced in the compound nature of man , but in the order prescribed by creator .
It would therefore be a contradiction in nature , and consequently impossible for God to inspire , infuse , or communicate the apprehension , reflection or understanding of any thing whatever into human nature , out of , above , or beyond the natural aptitudes , and mental powers of that nature , which was of his own production and constitution ; for it would be the same as to inspire , infuse , or reveal apprehension , reflection or understanding , to that which is not ; inasmuch as out of , beyond or above the powers of nature , there could be nothing to operate upon , as a pre-requisite principle to receive the inspiration or instruction of the revelation , which might therefore as well be inspired into , or revealed to nonentity , as to man .
For the essence of man is that , which we denominate to be his nature , out of or above which he is as void of sensation , apprehension , reflection or understanding , as nonentity may be supposed to be ; therefore such revelation as is adapted to the nature and capacity of man , and comes within his powers of perception and understanding , is the only revelation , which he is able to receive from God or man .
Supernatural revelation , is as applicable to beasts , birds and fishes , as it is to us ; for neither we , nor they are capable of being acted upon supernaturally , as all the possible exertions of operations of nature , which respect the natural or moral world , are truly natural .
Nor does
God deviate from his rectitude of nature in matters of inspiration , revelation or instruction to the moral world , any more than in that of his government of the natural .
Man is a species of being who belongs in part to both worlds , therefore , was God to reveal any particular thing to us , he must of course adapt his revelation to our bodies , as well as to our souls ; or to our senses as well as to our reason ; but a revelation so adapted would be natural instead of supernatural .
Which truly is the case respecting all our sensations , reflections and understandings .
We will premise that at a future time God should superadd a sixth sense to our sensorium , and that inconceivably diverse from our present five senses , and as mysterious to us at present , as the idea of colors are to persons born blind , by which , when superadded to the other senses , we might perceive and understand such things , as at present are mysterious or supernatural to us , and which without the before mentioned sixth sense would have eternal remained so , but that sense being once added to the sensorium , would become as natural as the other senses , and the premises additional knowledge acquired by it , would be as natural as that which is produced by the instrumentality of the other five senses .
So that superaddition to nature , was it possible , and a fact , would not at all contribute to evince the possibility of a supernatural revelation ; so likewise admitting that God should superadd mental ability to the principle of the human soul , by which , with the five senses only , it could form simple ideas , and extend its reasonings to a far greater progression than previous to or without such additional mental ability it could have done ; still the extensiveness of such supposed reasonings would be as natural , as that which may be supposed to be acquired by the previous mental powers , or that which was supposed to be acquired by the instrumentality of the sixth sense before mentioned .
For if it be supposed , that either sensation or reason , or both , be ever so much enlarged by a superaddition , or the mind ever so much improved and enlarged by any and all possible methods , still progression in knowledge would not be supernatural , whether in consequence of a supposed super addition to nature , or by the improvement of our present compounded natural powers , of sensation or reason or both .
Should the perception or knowledge of colors or of sound be communicated to those who are born blind or deaf , or both , and who ever after continue to be so , such discoveries would be supernatural ; as on this position , there could have been no pre-requisite sensitive power or aptitude , which the minds of those who were supposed to be born blind or deaf , could have made use of , in acquiring the premised knowledge of colors or of sound .
Therefore , when such discoveries as these are made , we must admit them to be " beyond or above the powers of nature , " which is the same as supernatural ; so likewise should we extend our knowledge beyond the limits of our mental capacity , or , which is the same , to understand more than we do or can understand , it would be supernatural ; and when such facts as these take place in the world , it will be time enough to credit supernatural revelation .
The infinitude of the wisdom of God 's creation , providence and moral government will eternally remain supernatural to all finite capacities , and for that very reason we can never arrive to the comprehension of it , in any state of being and improvement whatever ; inasmuch as progression can never attain to that which is infinite , so that an eternal proficiency in knowledge could not be supernatural , but on the other hand would come within the limits and powers of our nature , for otherwise such proficiency would be impossible to us ; nor is the infinite knowledge of God supernatural to him , for that his perfection is also infinite .
But if we could break over the limits of our capacity , so as to understand any one supernatural thing , which is above or beyond the power of our natures , we might by that rule as well understand all things , and thus by breaking over the confines of finite nature and the rank of being which we hold in the universe , comprehend the knowledge of infinity .
From hence we infer , that every kind and degree of apprehension , reflection and understanding , which we can attain to in any state of improvement whatever , is no more supernatural than the nature of man , from whence perception and understanding is produced , may be supposed to be so ; nor has or could God Almighty ever have revealed himself to mankind in any other way or manner , but what is truly natural .
All manner of inspiration , revelation , instruction or understanding must unavoidably be denominated to be natural or supernatural , as there is no third way or medium between these two ; so that if instead of the word supernatural , we adopt the words immediate , special , instantaneous , or any other phrases , yet we must be careful to affix the same definition or ideas to those several words or phraseology , as we do to the word supernatural , when applied to revelation , viz .
" that which is beyond or above the powers of nature . "
So that when we make use of any terms whatever to define revelation , we must be sure to mean supernatural , for otherwise we should define revelation to be no more than natural , which in the opinion of some people would spoil it , and divest it of all its charms ; as most believers are fond of a revelation , which they unintelligibly imagine to be supernatural , though neither they nor any body else knows anything about what it is .
The word mystery , as applied to revelation , has the same impropriety as the word supernatural .
To reveal , is to make known , but for a mystery to compose any part of a revelation is absurd ; for it is the same as to reveal and not reveal at the same time ; for was it revealed , it would cease to be mysterious or supernatural , but together with other parts of our knowledge would become natural .
Was a revelation , like other writings , adapted to our capacity , it might like them be instructive to us ; but a mysterious or supernatural one would not .
For such doctrine , precept or injunction , which is unintelligible to us , the terms , positions and inferences whereof exceed our comprehension , or " concerning which our ideas are inadequate , " ( which is the very definition of a mystery ) cannot be so much as examined into , or contemplated upon by us , nor could a state of improvement unfold those mysterious things , for which our ideas are altogether inadequate .
Such knowledge as we acquire by improvement , is that to which our capacity is adequate , or we could not attain it .
But admitting that the knowledge of a mysterious revelation may be arrived at merely by improvement , still such a revelation , ( though it is improper to call it so ) could not be instructive , which must be the end and design of a supposed revelation , for such a premised improvement would have comprehended it as well without it as with it .
For if reason has to advance its progression of knowledge , independent of any assistance from the supposed mysterious revelation , until it is supposed to comprehend it , it would render it altogether uninstructive and useless ; inasmuch as the comprehension or understanding of it is supposed to be obtained by the exercise and improvement of reason , without any assistance from the hidden mystery itself , which could not be revealed until reason , by natural improvement , came upsides with it , and by thus exploring the knowledge of a mysterious revelation , would at the same time nullify the unfulness of it .
And as reason is naturally progressive in its operations , having once rivaled such revelation , would still advance its improvement beyond it , which , when reason had once surpassed , could gain no instruction therefrom , any more than it did in its previous progression in rivaling it .
S E C T I O N II
Mr Carter advocates talks with Hamas Former US President Jimmy Carter has said he had to " hold back tears " while viewing destruction on a visit to Gaza .
He met leaders from Hamas , which controls Gaza but is shunned as a terrorist group by western countries .
The veteran politician handed over a letter from the family of captured Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit , who he said he believed was " alive and well " .
He criticised Israel 's blockade and January military operation in Gaza , and called for an end to all violence .
The former US president , who brokered the 1979 Israel - Egypt peace deal , has long advocated engagement with the militant Hamas movement as crucial for progress on peace .
Standing beside Ismail Haniyeh , a Hamas leader and former Palestinian prime minister , Mr Carter said he was visiting Gaza as a private citizen , but would be be passing on what he had seen and heard to President Barack Obama .
Mr Haniyeh praised a " new language and new spirit " coming out of Washington , and reiterated that Hamas would support " a genuine project " aimed establishing a Palestinian state " with full sovereignty " within the pre-1967 borders .
Although Hamas 's charter calls for Israel 's destruction , leaders have offered a 10 - year truce in exchange for a state in the West Bank and Gaza , occupied by Israel in 1967 .
A spokesman for Hamas 's military wing told AP news agency it would " study the possibility " of delivering the letter from the family of Gilad Shalit , who has been in captivity for three years .
Mr Carter condemned " deliberate " destruction in Israel 's January offensive , but also expressed sadness over Palestinian rocket attacks on Israeli towns .
Visiting the American School in Gaza , damaged in Israel 's three - week operation , Mr Carter said " it 's very distressing to me " .
He said the school had been " deliberately destroyed by bombs from F - 16s made in my country and delivered to the Israelis " .
Mr Carter also criticised Israel 's blockade of the Strip , which prevents all but humanitarian basics entering Gaza - and extends to a ban on virtually all building materials .
Gazans " are treated more like animals than human beings , " Mr Carter said .
" Never before in history has a large community like this been savaged by bombs and missiles and then been deprived of the means to repair itself , " he said .
Visiting Israel earlier this week , Mr Carter said a major policy speech given by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu " raised many new obstacles to peace " .
While Mr Netanyahu yielded to US pressure to back the creation of a Palestinian state , he set the conditions that it must be demilitarised and recognise Israel as a Jewish state .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
California : Budget Slashing Arnold “ The Barbarian ” Faces Lawsuit
California signed into law the deepest budget cuts in the Golden State ’s history on July 28 .
The impact will soon be felt by Californians as the harsh reality of the cuts sinks in .
Meanwhile Governor Schwarzenegger is facing a lawsuit from a California Senator .
Senate President Darrell Steinberg is in the process of filing a lawsuit against the Governor , contending that Schwarzenegger violated his constitutional authority in making line item vetoes cuts to section of the approved budget bill .
Senator Darrell Steinberg said : “ We elected a Governor , not an emperor .
In making these line item vetoes the Governor forced punishing cuts on children , the disabled , abused women and patients .
He could not win the cuts fairly at the bargaining table , and in doing so he overstepped his constitutional authority . ”
Aaron McLear , Schwarzenegger ’s spokesman said the Governor ’s move is perfectly legal .
McLear said : “ The Governor ’s constitutional authority to veto appropriations is unquestioned , and it will be upheld by the Court . ”
However , a legislative council hired by California lawmakers says that Governor Schwarzenegger ‘s executive one - line item vetoes cuts are illegal .
Special Report © 2009 Casey Research
Street Fighting Man From Doug Casey
Chairman , Casey Research
Published Jul 29 , 2009
With many thanks to Casey Research for giving us permission to publish this special , subscribers - only report , written , I think , in March of this year .
For decades , Doug Casey , legendary contrarian investor and financial best - seller author , has been foretelling the advent of a " Greater Depression . "
Recently , as we are drawing closer to feeling its full impact , Doug has been elaborating on the economic ifs , hows , and whats of the imminent crisis .
In this article , he focuses his , as usual , politically not - so - correct musings on how it will change the face of American society .
Longtime readers know my standard response to questions about the severity of the Greater Depression :
It 's going to be worse than even I think it 's going to be .
" Coming Collapse " books will undoubtedly accumulate into an entire genre in the next few years , as they did a generation ago .
This time it 's not just fear mongering , although things wo n't get as bad as in James Kunstler 's book The Long Emergency and certainly not as rough as in the movies Road Warrior or I Am Legend .
But it 's a good bet that a lot more is going to change than just some features of the financial system .
Let 's engage in a little speculation as to the shape of things to come .
I 've long believed that this depression would not only be much different but much worse than the unpleasantness of the '30s and ' 40s .
In those days , only a few people were involved in the financial markets ; now almost anyone with any assets at all is a player .
In those days , there were no credit cards , consumer debts , or student loans ; now those things are ubiquitous .
It 's true that nobody will lose any money because of bank failures this time around ; instead , everybody is going to suffer a loss from a collapse of the U.S. dollar , which is much worse .
In the '30s and ' 40s , the U.S. population was still largely rural in character , including people living in the cities .
The average American was just off the farm and had a lot of practical skills as well as traditional values .
Now he has skills mainly at paper shuffling or in highly specialized technologies , and it does n't seem to me that the values of hard work , self - reliance , honesty , prudence , and the rest of the Boy Scout virtues are as common as they once were .
In those days , the U.S. was a creditor to the world and the world 's factories to boot ; now there are perhaps 8 trillion dollars outside the U.S. waiting to pour back in , and the country is all about consuming , not producing .
Even with what the New Deal brought in , there was vastly less regulation and litigation , leaving the economy with much greater flexibility to adjust and innovate ; today , few people do anything without consulting counsel .
Of course things are immensely better today than 80 years ago in at least one important way : technology .
I love technology , but unfortunately , improvements in that area do nothing to prevent an economic depression or many of the ancillary problems that will likely accompany this one .
In fact , it can be a hindrance in some ways .
So , accepting the premise of a depression , let 's examine some of its likely consequences .
Civil Unrest
I 've puzzled over who will go into the streets as the depression deepens and when they 'll do it .
Nikolai Kondratieff , of Long Wave fame , was of the opinion that the natives tend to get restless at economic peaks ( like the late 1960s , when riots broke out all over the world ) and at economic troughs ( like the 1930s , when the same thing happened ) .
His reasoning is not dissimilar from that of Strauss and Howe , authors of The Fourth Turning .
At peaks , people are just feeling their oats , which can evidence itself domestically in riots inspired by rising expectations , and internationally in optional sport wars , like that in Viet Nam .
Such peak - time disturbances are troublesome but do n't really threaten society .
That 's largely because when times are good , people feel they have a lot to lose and they believe things can get even better .
In prosperous times , people do n't usually feel like overthrowing the government or transforming the basis of society .
Not so at economic troughs .
People believe they have little to lose , they 're eager to hang those they believe responsible for their problems , and they 'll listen to radical or violent proposals .
We 're now just entering what will likely be the worst economic trough since the Industrial Revolution .
But why do humans tend to riot when the going gets rough ?
How can they think that solves anything ?
Do they believe it 's going to make their jobs or money reappear ?
Perhaps I ask that question only because I can't see myself rioting .
You and I might discount the thought of Americans going wild , because we would n't likely join them .
But we 're not , I suspect , the average American .
People , throughout history , have always been prone to violence when times get tough .
Is there any reason that should change now ?
Recently , there have been -- really for the first time in this downturn -- reports of large , angry demonstrations all over the world .
The UK , France , Eastern Europe , now China .
If a place like Iceland , as placid and homogeneous as any in the world , can blow up , then any place can .
And probably will .
A rioter is typically an angry person looking for vengeance because he blames someone else for his problem .
So far , rioters seem to be directing their attention at governments .
Correct target , of course , but they do n't have the rationale quite right .
They 're not angry because governments inflated the currency , promoted fractional reserve banking , and nurtured all the cockamamie socialist programs that caused this crisis .
Not at all ; they rather liked all that .
They 're angry only because their governments have n't adequately protected them from the consequences of what they did .
So as conditions worsen , we can expect governments worldwide to pull out absolutely all the stops to show they 're " doing something . "
And round up scapegoats to satisfy the mob and divert anger from themselves .
I fully expect civil unrest to spread everywhere , simply because the depression will spread everywhere .
It will be worst in places that have been most overextended , most debt leveraged , most urban , and have the largest numbers of unemployed workers -- the U.S. , Europe , and China .
In the last couple of generations , most rioters in the U.S. have been students who basically just raise some hell on their campuses and inner-city blacks who burn down their own neighborhoods .
Maybe the students who 've wasted a huge amount of time and money in gender studies and sociology will get angry as they figure out they 're not going to have jobs when they graduate -- forget about making $ 100,000 plus as an investment banker .
Maybe blacks , who have apparently been hurt the worst by subprime lending and still may be the last hired and first fired , will take to the streets .
Maybe .
But I think it 's more likely the turn of the Mexicans and other Latinos .
They 're the ones raided by la migra and stopped at checkpoints , whether they 're legal or not .
They 're the ones who may be implicated in the wave of violence flowing up from northern Mexico .
There is a real strain of revanchist nationalism throughout their community that hopes for the reconquista of lands the Anglos stole in the 19th century .
And they have all the other problems you might expect with an ethnic underclass .
But will ordinary middle - class Americans riot ?
I do n't expect it until later in the game .
Union members will be treated well by the Obama regime .
And most whites live in the suburbs ; it 's tough to get people who live in detached houses out into the streets .
Ozzie and Harriet just do n't seem likely to burn down their house , even if the bank owns it .
Besides , a lot of the parents are on Prozac and their kids on Ritalin .
Of course , on the other hand , most of the people who perpetrated mass murders over the last 25 years were on some type of psychiatric drug .
Is there a catalyst that could turn your neighbors into a mob ?
Two possibilities are gun control and higher taxes , discussed below .
But my guess is that riots will be headed off by the police , who are far more numerous , militarized , and better equipped than ever before , and by the military itself .
You may think the cops and the military ( and today most cops are exmilitary ) would never turn on their fellow citizens , but you 'd be wrong .
Cops and soldiers are far more loyal to their colleagues and their organizations than they are to either some constitution or , absolutely , the mob that 's throwing bricks and bottles at them .
They are also among the forces pumping for gun control .
Gun Control
This issue is potentially explosive .
Although , sadly , gun culture in the U.S. is n't nearly what it was even a generation or two ago , it 's still pretty strong in some regions .
Most states make the open or concealed carrying of handguns a simple matter , and there 's evidence lots of people are taking advantage of it .
Personally , I find it hard to fathom the psychology of people who want to disarm society .
From a strictly practical point of view , the idea of having to engage in hand - to - hand combat , half naked , with an intruder in the middle of the night is most unappealing .
Especially since the odds of that happening are going way up in the near future .
Everyone should have a gun in his nightstand , at a minimum .
But that 's only a fraction of what gun ownership is really about .
A free person should have the right to possess whatever he desires .
End of story .
And only slaves , or those with a slave mentality , comply with no thought of resistance when they 're told what they can or cannot own , especially if compliance means disarming themselves .
I 've often wondered what would have happened in Germany after Kristallnacht if every Jew had been armed .
None were , of course , because strict gun control had been imposed shortly after Hitler came to power , and like good little lambs , the population complied with the law .
But my guess is that few would have defended themselves against the Gestapo anyway .
Partly because they would have figured they were certain to get into serious trouble if they resisted , and partly because they could n't imagine the fate that actually awaited them .
It was n't until the Warsaw Ghetto uprising in 1944 , very late in the game , that people could finally read the writing on the wall and summoned the courage to fight .
If you follow these things , you 'll note that there 's been a lot of buzz about severe firearms regulation since Obama 's inauguration .
Bills are being discussed about things like a national firearms registry , reinstituting the so - called " assault weapons " ban , requiring secure locks on all weapons , prohibiting the import of ammunition , and levying a substantial tax on ammunition , among other things .
No outright prohibition , because they know that would catalyze gun owners .
But they keep dialing up the pressure , moving toward a de facto ban .
I 'll guess there are at least two to three million Americans who adhere to a couple of succinct mottos :
1 . You can have my gun when you pry it from my cold , dead fingers , and 2 .
It 's better to be tried by twelve than carried by six .
This is a group that could catch fire at some point .
But I do n't think it 's imminent , simply because the chances of outright prohibition of gun ownership are slim .
The analogy of the frog in a gradually heating pot is apt .
The taxpayer must also feel like a frog .
Tax Revolt State and municipal governments all over the country are operating with rising outlays and radically declining incomes and so are running large deficits that add to their already massive debt .
Since they can't print dollars , they 'll raise taxes further , as New York and California have recently done .
Most people do n't have any philosophical objection to taxes ; they accept them , considering them part of the human condition , like disease or death .
That 's unfortunate , of course , in that taxation is neither moral nor necessary .
But such fine points of philosophy absolutely never enter the public debate .
What will be debated is the level of taxation .
The last time we had widespread agitation on taxes was during the last serious recession , in the late ' 70s .
The result was things like Prop 13 ( which capped property taxes in California for some homeowners ) and the Reagan tax reforms .
I expect there will be serious whining about taxes this time around as well , but little will come of it .
To start with , like every other organism on the planet , government puts its own interests first ; society comes in a distant second .
Actually a distant third , after powerful individuals who are wired to politicians and bureaucrats , and groups that hire the right lobbyists .
Every level of government is more desperate for money than ever .
Your taxes are going through the roof , and you 're going to see lots of new ones .
Do n't expect any support from Boobus americanus .
About half do n't earn enough to pay income tax .
Most are net tax beneficiaries .
And low taxes have somehow become associated with the late disastrous crackup boom and the corrupt Bush regime .
So a popular tax revolt looks like a real long shot .
At the same time , a portion of the productive people in the country feel genuinely resentful at having to subsidize the losers and ne'er - do - wells .
What are they going to do ?
I think they have only two alternatives .
Tax evasion , which is both hard and increasingly risky , since the IRS will be hiring plenty of freshly unemployed financial workers .
And expatriation .
My guess is that scores of thousands of Americans are going to make " the Chicken Run " ( as Rhodesians called it ) in the next few years .
But the biggest danger to your personal freedom and your wealth , as well as to the U.S. as a whole , is likely to be war .
War
It always impressed me as odd that while Obama ran on a platform of ending the pointless and counterproductive adventure in Iraq , he wanted to ramp up the war in Afghanistan .
What possible reason could anyone have for wanting to fight an optional war in what may be the most backward and xenophobic place on the planet ?
Even if every Afghan made a personal pledge of Death to America ( which they eventually will , thanks to the occupation ) , who cares ?
Who cares if the Pygmies of the Ituri Rainforest or the Yànomamö of the Amazon join them ?
It 's strange that no one ever questioned Obama on this nonsensical and contradictory policy .
Now it seems he 's very slow in leaving Iraq .
I expect the reason is that the U.S. has built elaborate bases the size of small cities that they 're loathe to leave , partly on general principles and partly because they might be needed to attack Iran or Pakistan .
The Obama regime is literally asking for trouble in both places .
And partly because he knows that the collaborators set up to run the Iraqi government will promptly be deposed , and probably executed , by whoever might win the civil war that would ensue if the U.S. really left .
The USG is apparently set on having a stooge in charge of both Iraq and Afghanistan .
The National Security State has a life of its own .
Renditions have n't been stopped .
Guantanamo still operates , as do other overseas prisons holding thousands .
Military spending not only wo n't be cut , it will likely rise .
Wars start for all kinds of reasons .
But tough economic times probably rank number one as a cause .
The 1930s were a natural overture for the ' 40s .
Politicians like to find a foreign enemy to blame problems on .
Theft of foreign resources can seem like a good idea .
And part of the economic mythology fabricated by the malevolent and repeated by the ignorant is that WWII cured the last depression .
Will there be another 9/11 ?
It 's a good bet , but there 's no way it will involve airplanes ; the 50,000 zombies employed by TSA serve absolutely no purpose except to accustom Americans to being treated like prisoners .
One possibility is the surreptitious placement of one or more nuclear devices in U.S. cities .
As Pakistan disintegrates , their nuclear arsenal may fall into quite irresponsible hands .
Or , perhaps , devices could be procured in a number of ways from Russia , India , Israel , or North Korea .
Another , much more likely scenario is a repetition of what happened in Mumbai recently .
A small force of dedicated and well - armed operatives could create unbelievable havoc in a U.S. city or in several at once .
And probably will .
Americans just do n't appreciate how little people in the Islamic world like having aggressive , blue - eyed teenagers kick their doors down in the middle of the night , among other pranks .
You may be thinking that , with the American military the most powerful in the world , it 's not about to lose a war .
I question that .
The bloated military is a major factor in bankrupting the U.S. , and a bankrupt country can't win a war .
Its $ 6 billion carriers , $ 1 billion B - 2s and $ 400 million F - 22s are all built to fight a kind of enemy that no longer exists .
They 're sitting ducks for massive numbers of cheap missiles and jihadists that can swarm them where they 're parked .
The military wanted to fight WWI with cavalry and WWII with battleships .
They 're seemingly doomed to a repeat performance in the next major conflict .
In short , everything on this horizon looks very grim for a long time to come .
Incidentally , the U.S. military is by far the world 's largest single consumer of oil .
Peak Oil
There has n't been much discussion of this since oil has come down from its July 2008 peak near $ 150 to its recent low of close to $ 30 .
Longtime readers know I 'm philosophically quite reluctant to give credence to any theory that would seem to imply we can run out of anything .
I come down firmly on the side of Julian Simon .
Which is to say resources are essentially infinite , and technology and capital can solve almost any problem in the material world .
That said , there are problems that need to be solved .
One is presented by the geological theory of M. King Hubbert , who predicted in the 1950s that the production of light sweet crude in the continental U.S. would go into irreversible decline by the early ' 70s .
He was correct .
He also predicted that the same would happen on a worldwide basis in the first decade of this century .
It now appears production has maxed out at about 80 million barrels a day and is headed down .
This is n't the time or place for a detailed discussion of why and how this is true .
It 's certainly not the end of the world , as some appear to believe .
Just a major inconvenience .
Practically infinite power is available from a wide variety of sources , starting with nuclear .
The problem is that oil is a particularly concentrated , convenient , and ( in the past ) cheap source , so the entire world 's economy has been built around it .
It will take a decade or so to adjust to the much , much higher prices that will be needed to bring consumption into balance with production .
And absolutely everything that relies on oil is going to become much more expensive -- especially transportation ( for obvious reasons ) and food .
Food is interesting in that mass production is highly mechanized and oil intensive , as well as fertilizer and pesticide intensive -- which again rely on hydrocarbons .
The oilfood problem is aggravated by so much of what we eat being shipped very long distances .
Anything is possible , of course , but I think the most likely scenario is simply a large reorientation in patterns of production and consumption as a result of $ 200 oil .
This would be tough enough by itself .
But it 's going to put tremendous extra strain on the average American at exactly the time he 's already under maximum strain from a shrinking economy .
Right now things are n't so bad , because energy prices are low .
The depression has cut oil consumption and , conveniently , prices as well .
That 's taken a lot of pressure off the average American 's pocket book and at a felicitous moment .
And prices may stay low for a year or so as people the world over economize .
But oil consumption does n't need to rise to put pressure on the price ; from here , the main pressure is likely to come from falling supply , not rising demand .
So oil prices are likely to start heading up , for strictly geological reasons , even as the depression grows deeper .
That will prove most uncomfortable .
And will have significant consequences for two mainstays of U.S. culture : cars and suburbia .
Collapse of Suburbia and the Car Culture Suburbs are creatures of the automobile .
I 've been a car buff my entire life .
I love cars for their technology .
I love them because they 're fun .
But most of all , I love them because even more than the ship , the train , and the airplane , they liberate the average person to -- cheaply and quickly - go anywhere he wants , whenever he wants .
They 've made it possible for people to break the mold of the medieval serf tied to the community he was born into .
I do n't think cars are going to disappear , but the internal combustion engine is , as a result of Peak Oil , on its way out .
I suspect battery power will start rapidly replacing gasoline and diesel .
The problem lies in the transition , which is going to be expensive , considering the huge sunk investment in the current technology .
There 's going to be an interim period , when people can't afford to drive their pickups , SUVs , or practically anything else hundreds of miles a week to distant work places and kids ' soccer games or on promiscuous shopping trips .
But neither will they be able to afford a new electric car .
American culture revolves around the car .
The car facilitated the growth of suburbs and exurbs , shopping malls and big boxes , most of which will become completely uneconomical with the rapid decline of the car .
That 's entirely apart from the suburbs and exurbs being exactly where people already can't make their mortgage payments .
And ca n't afford to shop .
They can't get by even at current bargain oil prices in the $ 40 to $ 50 range .
It 's going to be much tougher when gas is $ 8 a gallon ; if they can get a job , they 're going to have to live within a few miles of it .
Entirely apart from that , people are n't going to be buying much stuff to store in the houses they can't afford .
As George Carlin pointed out in his famous routine about " Stuff " ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MvgN5gCuLac), that 's what houses are for -- storing stuff .
And people are going to be liquidating what they have , not buying more , when they wo n't even have a proper place to store it .
I 'd hate to be in the furniture business over the next decade .
Even if unemployment were n't going much higher .
Unemployment
The official numbers say unemployment is 7.6 % .
But just as the definition of inflation keeps evolving to accommodate a number that looks better than the reality , the same is true for unemployment figures .
John Williams ' Shadow Government Statistics ( www.shadowstats.com) computes the figures the way the government used to -- mainly by adding back in parttime workers and those considered " discouraged . "
They show 17.5 % as the historically comparable unemployment figure .
Society has been living above its means for well over a generation , long enough to ingrain unsustainable patterns of production and consumption in the economy .
Did everybody need / have a personal trainer 20 years ago ?
Was " shopping " a major recreational activity in the days before everyone had a pocketful of credit cards ?
Do all kitchens really need granite counter tops ?
I think not .
As people cut down to the bare basics to enable themselves to rebuild capital , millions and millions more workers are going to have to find other things to do .
And , while they 're figuring out what , cut back their consumption drastically as well .
I suspect the readjustment will push unemployment to at least the levels of the Great Depression , which would mean going past 25 % .
But some will argue : " Yes , but we now have a safety net to catch the fallen .
That will make it less serious . "
No , it will make it more serious and more prolonged as well .
The so - called safety net consumes capital that could have been used productively .
It decreases the urgency for each person to find a solution to his own problems .
And it has given people a false sense of security , leaving them to save less for a rainy day .
The looming collapse of things like Social Security and Medicare will be a bigger disaster than all the banks failing .
The Social Security " trust fund , " which has been a swindle , a Ponzi scheme in slow motion , and a moral wrecking ball almost from its beginning , is going to go much deeper into the red .
Before they collapse , Medicare , Medicaid , and their cousins will be expanded by some form of free care for the legions of the newly unemployed .
Will doctors and nurses be made indentured servants ( such as through mandatory voluntary community service ) to provide care for everyone who may need it ?
Perhaps not as long as taxes can be raised further on the middle class .
Sorry this has all been so gloomy so far .
Now that the mood is set for recounting all the problems that are going to beset us , some of you are probably saying to yourselves : " Yes , and that 's on top of global warming . "
Global Smarming
This is on just about everybody 's list of Big Problems .
Except mine .
I 'm not a professional climatologist , or even an amateur , so I lack any technical qualifications for commenting on the subject - like almost everybody else who does , prominently including Al Gore .
But my guess is that in the next decade , the global warming hysteria ( and that 's exactly what I believe it is ) will be viewed , with embarrassment , as one of the great episodes in the history of the delusions of the crowd .
Have you noticed that " global warming " is gradually being supplanted by " climate change " ?
The fact is that the earth 's climate has been changing constantly for at least 500 million years and has generally gotten much cooler over that time .
It has certainly warmed since the end of the last Ice Age , 12,000 years ago , and was much warmer than now at the height of the Roman Empire .
It cooled during what became known as the Dark Ages , warmed again during medieval times ( when grapes grew in Greenland and northern England ) , and cooled again during the Little Ice Age ( which ended about 200 years ago ) .
During the ' 70s , as you may recall , some magazines ran cover stories featuring glaciers intruding into New York City .
And for the last ten years , it appears the Earth has been cooling , although that 's not widely reported .
Change is a constant when it comes to the climate , and warmer is generally better .
Is the science " settled " on the subject ?
The very concept strikes me as ridiculous , in that science is rarely " settled " on anything short of it being proclaimed a law of nature .
And , contrary to popular opinion , it seems most scientists with credentials in the field are either agnostic on the question or debunk the proposition of anthropogenic global warming .
But the intellectual climate is such that most scientists are afraid to question out loud the reality of warming .
Since almost all funding today comes from politically correct sources , namely the government and foundations , the money goes to those who are known to be looking for the " right " answers .
Science has been corrupted .
Of course man can change the environment .
But our power to do so is trivial next to the sun , volcanism , cosmic rays , and the churning ocean .
None of those forces gets any mention in the popular press , which fixates on carbon , which has replaced plutonium as public enemy # 1 .
Carbon may be the basis of life on earth , but it 's supposed to be our new enemy nonetheless .
The masses , who do n't even know carbon is a " natural " element and think the periodic table is a piece of antique furniture now feel guilty about breathing , because exhaled breath is a source of CO2 .
Interestingly , a rise in atmospheric carbon dioxide levels does n't precede but follows , by several hundred years , phases of global warming .
Everything you hear about saving the planet through carbon credits is as ridiculous and counterproductive as recent disastrous programs to turn corn into ethanol .
In any event , carbon dioxide 's effects as a greenhouse gas are completely overwhelmed by those of water vapor .
God forbid anyone warns the public of the numerous dangers posed by compounds like dihydrogen monoxide ( also known as hydroxic acid ) .
As a lifelong science buff , I find the whole subject quite interesting and am tempted to do an article on it .
The reason I mention it here , however , is that the global warming hysteria , as opposed to possible cyclical global warming itself , has serious economic consequences .
The chances are excellent that governments will direct scores of billions of dollars into further research , devising computer projections of catastrophe to come , and fighting the presumed warming .
Much more serious are laws they 'll pass in the war against carbon ( and methane , which amounts to a war against cattle and sheep ) , which could retard the economy by hundreds of billions of dollars .
Most serious , in the long run , is likely to be a discrediting of science itself in the eyes of the common man once anthropogenic warming is exposed as a giant false alarm .
The Political Future
We can be quite confident the economic future is going to be grim .
The military future , ugly and busy .
The social future , turbulent .
So is it reasonable to expect politics as usual ?
That would be rather anomalous .
Especially since the trend towards much more State power , centered strongly on the executive , has been in motion , and accelerating , for at least four generations in the U.S. , even during the best of times .
No surprises there .
That is pretty much what observers of history from at least Plato on would expect .
In that America is recently deceased and only the United States survives , I see no reason that the trend wo n't continue accelerating , to be supercharged by the next Black Swan that might land .
After the next real , fabricated , or imagined 9/11 - style incident occurs or major war begins , it will be surprising if a state of emergency is n't declared .
Perhaps martial law in the U.S. will , perversely , provide the impetus needed to " bring the troops home , " in that they 'll be needed more in the U.S. than in Fuhgedabouditstan or wherever .
I leave the practical implications of that entirely to your imagination .
But to maintain what little will be left of domestic tranquility at that point , the authorities will almost certainly feel compelled to round up dissidents , potential troublemakers , tents , libertarians , and the usual suspects generally .
It seems inevitable to me , and I 'd prefer to be somewhere else when it happens .
I 'm loathe to make outlandish political predictions , if only because the inevitable is n't necessarily the imminent .
But if the U.S. survives the current crisis in its present form , I 'll be surprised .
As always , there 's a bright side .
Obama will be a one - term president .
And , as middle - and upper - middle - class Americans come to see the government less as a cornucopia -- that 's inevitable , because the cupboard is empty -- they 'll start to see it ever more as a predator .
The government will become increasingly delegitimized in the eyes of what 's left of the middle class .
But what will they do ?
If they still have a home in the suburbs or a condo in the city , they 're not going to burn it down like the poor .
I 'm not even sure they 'll riot .
But they will see the discontent .
New affinity groups will coalesce .
And they 'll wait until something really catalyzes them .
Is another revolution possible ?
Why not ?
The U.S. is just another country at this point .
I 'm convinced that the nationstate , which is to say countries with governments based on geography , is on its way out fairly soon .
And good riddance .
Perhaps the U.S. will be among the first .
What form of social organization will replace it ?
[ Note :
That will be the subject of an article soon to come in The Casey Report . ]
In the near future , though , there will be a struggle between the best features of what little is left of America and the worst elements of humanity , whom we have in some abundance .
Emigrants and Sociopaths Americans no longer appear to be a special breed .
Of course absolutely every nation likes to think it 's a special , better breed - the Chinese , the Japanese , the British , the French , the Germans , absolutely everybody .
It 's a stupid but universal conceit , like the one putting God ( presumably Yahweh ) on their side during a war .
I used to fancy Americans actually could be a cut above simply because they 're all the progeny of emigrants , and there are at least three reasons emigrants tend to be the " best " kind of people -- at least from the point of view of someone who values freedom .
First , emigrants tend to be more enterprising than their neighbors at home , willing to leave everything they have to pursue opportunity .
Second , they tend to be harder working , since they know they 'll get nothing they do n't earn from strangers in a new land .
Third , they tend to be anti-political , since political elites and conditions are usually what caused them to emigrate in the first place .
Whether these things are because of a genetic predisposition or whether it 's simply a cultural artifact within some families and groups , or both , I think it 's a fact .
From the founding of the country , America has always had a strong emigrant ethos , and that 's one of the things that has made it different and better .
But all things degrade and revert to the mean with the passage of time .
The country is now a fugitive from entropy .
Another reason for taking a pessimistic view is that -- notwithstanding the point I made above -- there 's no reason not to believe there 's a fairly uniform distribution of sociopaths across time and space , including in America today .
All countries , in all eras , have them -- but in good times , they stay under their rocks .
Who would have guessed that the Germans of the last century , who had much more than their share of writers , composers , philosophers , scientists , plain middle - class shopkeepers , and a well - educated , orderly population would have bred the Nazis ?
The Turks in the ' 20s , the Russians in the ' 20s and '30s , the Chinese in the '50s and '60s , the Serbs in the '90s , the Rwandans
It would be easy to recount dozens of recent examples of perfectly ordinary countries that have gone bonkers .
The fact is that your neighbor or your mailman , who pets his dog , hugs his kids , and plays softball on the weekends , might exhibit a much less appealing , indeed an appalling , side when social conditions change .
You 've , of course , heard of the Milgram experiment , wherein researchers asked members of the public to torture subjects with electric shocks , all the way up to what they believed were lethal levels .
Most of them did it , after being assured that it was " alright " and " necessary " by men in authority .
The problem arises when a society becomes highly politicized .
In normal times , a sociopath stays under the radar .
Perhaps he 'll commit a common crime when he thinks he can get away with it , but social mores keep him reined in .
However , once the government changes its emphasis from protecting citizens from force to initiating it with laws and taxes , those social mores break down .
Peer pressure and moral opprobrium , the forces that keep a healthy society orderly and together , are replaced by regulation enforced by cops funded by taxes .
And sociopaths start coming out of the woodwork and are drawn to the State , where they can get licensed and paid to do what they 've always wanted to do .
It 's very simple , really .
There are two ways people can relate to each other : voluntarily or coercively .
The government is pure coercion , and sociopaths are drawn to its power and force .
After a certain point , a critical mass is reached .
The sociopaths who are naturally drawn to government start to dominate it .
They reset the social mores of the country they control .
And it 's game over .
I suspect we 're approaching that point .
A Happy Note
There 's no telling how bad things will actually get .
The worst thing that could happen is a major war .
But , barring that , what 's happened in Zimbabwe , surprisingly , actually offers cause for some optimism .
I was last there a couple of years ago , when , although it was a disaster , it had n't descended into the absolute catastrophe that 's going on now .
Still , with draconian taxes , regulations , and hyperinflation , life goes on .
Plumbers , electricians , and mechanics still repair things .
Farmers still grow things -- albeit on a much smaller scale .
Stores still stock merchandise , even if there 's not much of it .
And I just heard yesterday from an ex-Zimbabwean that some of his friends there still play polo .
And Zim is about as bad as it gets .
But maybe it 's also reason for pessimism .
Why , out of the whole damned country , was n't there at least one man with the courage to shoot Mugabe ?
Look at Eastern Europe .
After a horrible depression that lasted from about 1930 to 1990 , the whole region blossomed in the space of a decade .
It went from the grimmest dystopia , a veritable hologram of Mordor itself , to being almost indistinguishable from Western Europe .
It shows how quickly things can improve , as long as there is n't a backdrop of purposeful stupidity .
Try as governments may to destroy it , there 's an immense amount of capital that the world has built up over the past few centuries .
Individuals and small groups will continue building their capital everywhere , notwithstanding any kind of State action .
The pace of technology should continue , if not accelerate .
As someone who always looks at the bright side , the final bit of good news I can offer you in this extraordinarily troubled milieu is that things are likely to be very interesting , even quite exciting , over the years to come .
Notwithstanding the well - known Chinese curse , I 'm not completely averse to interesting times .
And remember , you do n't have to be adversely affected by them ; they set up opportunities for greater profits than even the wildest bull market .
***
Note :
Even though we are facing tough times , you can make it through the crisis virtually unscathed - if you take proper action .
The secret of keeping your wealth intact and profiting handsomely while most investors are losing their shirts is simply to " make the trend your friend . "
That 's what Casey Research 's flagship newsletter The Casey Report is all about : recognizing emerging market trends way ahead of the crowd ... analyzing the trend and finding the best ways to profit ... and finally , utilizing the opportunities that present themselves .
With this strategy , subscribers have had the chance to literally make a fortune ... like when we recommended shorting bank insurer MBIA for a gain of 1,000 % in just 9 months .
Do n't miss another issue of The Casey Report - test it now risk - free for 3 FULL MONTHS .
With our 100 % money - back guarantee , try it and if you do n't love it , cancel and get a full refund , no questions asked .
Click here to learn more .
Doug Casey --- Copyright © 1998-2009 by Casey Research , LLC .
The Casey Research web site & Kitco Casey web site , Casey 's Trend Trader , Casey Investment Alert , Casey Energy Confidential , The Casey Report , International Speculator , Casey Energy Opportunities , BIG GOLD , Without Borders , Casey 's Daily Resource PLUS , Casey 's Charts and the Explorers ' League are published by Casey Research , LLC .
Information contained in such publications is obtained from sources believed to be reliable , but its accuracy cannot be guaranteed .
The information contained in such publications is not intended to constitute individual investment advice and is not designed to meet your personal financial situation .
The opinions expressed in such publications are those of the publisher and are subject to change without notice .
The information in such publications may become outdated and there is no obligation to update any such information .
Doug Casey , Casey Research , LLC , Casey Early Opportunity Resource Fund , LLC and other entities in which he has an interest , employees , officers , family , and associates may from time to time have positions in the securities or commodities covered in these publications or web site .
Corporate policies are in effect that attempt to avoid potential conflicts of interest and resolve conflicts of interest that do arise in a timely fashion .
Any Casey publication or web site and its content and images , as well as all copyright , trademark and other rights therein , are owned by Casey Research , LLC .
No portion of any Casey publication or web site may be extracted or reproduced without permission of Casey Research , LLC .
Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring any license or right under any copyright , trademark or other right of Casey Research , LLC .
Unauthorized use , reproduction or rebroadcast of any content of any Casey publication or web site , including communicating investment recommendations in such publication or web site to non-subscribers in any manner , is prohibited and shall be considered an infringement and / or misappropriation of the proprietary rights of Casey Research , LLC .
Casey Research , LLC reserves the right to cancel any subscription at any time , and if it does so it will promptly refund to the subscriber the amount of the subscription payment previously received relating to the remaining subscription period .
Cancellation of a subscription may result from any unauthorized use or reproduction or rebroadcast of any Casey publication or website , any infringement or misappropriation of Casey Research , LLC 's proprietary rights , or any other reason determined in the sole discretion of Casey Research , LLC .
Copyright © 1998 -2009 by Casey Research , LLC .
### Casey Archives 321gold Ltd
Science fiction and fantasy authors , including Pat Rothfuss and David Louis Edelman , have started noticing a rash of one - star reviews of their books on Amazon.com , all at once , The reviews seem to come from newly created profiles , and often say the same thing in slightly different words over and over .
And now , observers think they 've fingered the culprit : frustrated fantasy author Robert Stanek .
In the past , Stanek has had the habit of posting tons of " anonymous " one - star reviews of people 's books which all said , " This guy is rubbish , if you want to read real fantasy , go read Robert Jordan , George R.R. Martin and Robert Stanek ! "
The new batch of reviews do n't mention Stanek by name , but do suggest that the authors should try serving in the armed forces to build character ( a Stanek bugaboo . )
And if you look at their profiles , the anonymous accounts have all tagged Stanek as a favorite author .
All of this raises the question :
How much damage can one anonymous maniac with an army of sock puppets really do to an established author on Amazon ?
[ SFF World ]
Advertisement
Ну , так то всё понятно и логично .
Вот только зачем было уши обрезать ?
Надо было наоборот , нарастить и заострить .
I was just reading about Preston Nichols this morning .
He was mind - controlled for over 20 years without his knowledge .
Another person in the public - eye who has a story to tell of this is Stewart Swerdlow .
This topic has been heavily on my mind , especially since I moved to California in 1997 .
Some really strange stuff has happened to me here .
I will be walking through the house , or sitting at my computer or even in the car and I 'll be hit by a tremendous pulse of energy that goes through my head , which almost knocks me out .
This has happened to my partner Joe as well , but never at the same time as me .
Other times , I will be sitting at my computer , just typing , or reading web pages , and all of a sudden I will get so tired that I feel I 'll die if do n't lay down .
When I do this , I do n't ever sleep , because as soon as I relax and close my eyes , I 'll see a visual message or hear a voice talk to me about whatever it was I was reading about .
Joe will be working on his computer and suddenly get so tired he has to sleep for 4 hours .
He has n't been able to understand either why this is , and it is a little unsettling to me because it usually comes on when I want to go for a ride in the car - like I am being prevented from seeing something I should n't .
I do n't know what that might be .
I do n't like the topic of mind - control , but it is obvious it is going on .
We might as well be aware of it , because whether we like it or not , it is going on .
Life has been really strange here .
2-15-08 - Two Saturdays in a row , I was hit in the back of the head while sitting at my computer by a huge force that almost knocked me over .
There was nobody behind me at all .
I felt really dizzy and my head hurt .
My first thought was , " I 've had a stroke " , but I had no stroke symptoms .
So , I got up and took a couple aspirins and went to bed to rest .
I no sooner closed my eyes , and I could see in the astral realm , 3 men dressed in white shirts with long sleeves - no ties - dark pants .
They were leaning over me as I was laying on the floor and one of the men said , " FEMA wants you to erase the bases . "
After thinking about it a bit , I decided I would not only NOT erase the bases , I would spread the word faster and sent the links out to every person I know and right now , that number runs in the several thousands on my e-mail lists .
I also uploaded the lists on another website in case they decided to hack mine .
Here are the files I was told to erase so you know what I 'm talking about .
PEOPLE DREAMING OF CONCENTRATION CAMPS - WHY ?
UPDATED 8-26-07 - LIST OF CAMPS BY STATE
8-26-07 CONCENTRATION
CAMP PLANS
The following week on Saturday at approximately the same time ( 8:30 a.m. )
I was hit again just like the week before , but in this case , I had just moved my head to look at the TV , and they only got me with a glancing blow .
You also might want to see this series of videos : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eXo5ea2hRFE
Cathy O'Brien http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HLqw59XfG04
Operation Paperclip - MK -ULTRA
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dRlVjVlmRZo&NR=1
Mind Control in the USA JAMES CASBOLT - LIFE IN ENGLAND - TRAINED IN THE M16 GROUP VIDEOS NEW TECHNOLOGY - REMOTE NEURAL MONITORING
NEVER GIVE UP TRYING .
Once we quit , they win , and we can't let THEM win .
I am presenting a series of web pages and sites that might be helpful which I received in an e-mail :
Here is a survey to see if you are mind - controlled at all .
If you have these symptoms , let me know .
The following symptoms are of the harassment typical of electronic mind weapon targets ( non-electronic harassment usually goes with the electronic effects ) :
I took this survey myself and found many of them to be happening to myself . :
1 . You find that all of your family , friendship , and business relationships are going sour and you have done nothing to cause this .
2 . You find that " accidental " blocking of you as you walk or drive about , by strangers , has increased dramatically and every day brings several " blocking " incidents .
E.g. , someone slips ahead of you at the bank machine or grocery checkout , or with cars in unexpected places in parking lots .
This is part of what targets call " street theater " .
THIS IS ABOUT BLOCKING *FAR * MORE FREQUENT THAN THAT WHICH OCCURS IN NORMAL LIFE , NOT THE USUAL OCCASIONAL OCCURENCES .
3 . Telephones frequently have static or tones or echoes ; you have lots of " wrong number " calls 4 .
Street lights going out as you pass under them , walking or driving 5 .
Your watch and other batteries going dead often far too soon to be " natural " deaths
6 . You find that you are coming suddenly awake at precisely the SAME TIME , middle of every night
7. Inescapable voice in your head and you are not mentally ill 8 .
Ringing in ears - may start / stop when switching on or off electronic devices
9 . Fake telephone or clock ringing or fake knocking on your door
10 .
Fake , loud bird calls , outdoors , which follow you everywhere
11 . Hot needles deep in your flesh , especially when trying to sleep ( also called " stings " )
12 . Limbs jerking wildly , especially when trying to sleep 13 .
Extremely powerful itching which may start as small electrical shocks
14 . Very fast heartbeat while relaxed ( not having exercised recently ) 15 .
Very high body heat , no fever , relaxed , cool surroundings
16 . Vibration , large area of your body , or , nearby objects which should not vibrate normally 17 .
Forced awakening , ca n't go back to sleep , as if on high doses of caffeine
18 . Vivid 3 - D images while awake , eyes open or closed
19 .
Urges to go somewhere you do n't need to or at times you would not go there 20 .
Neighbors can see thru walls , possibly by sounds from them which " follow " you 21 .
Repeated instances where it seems your mind is being read
22 . Repeated evidence of break - ins , small scale thefts , and sabotage both at home and at work
23 . Sudden " drop - you - in - your - tracks " fatigue at times you should not be tired
Here are some others : Sensations of heat and cold on various parts of the body .
Manipulation of sense of taste .
For instance , food and drink can be made to taste altogether different , or to be totally tasteless .
Manipulation of vision .
The eyesight can be " made " blurry , or seem as if were seeing through a fog .
Manipulation of sense of touch .
Various parts of the body can be made to tingle , vibrate or become entirely numb .
Frequent pain : abdominal pain , headaches , earaches , toothaches that linger for several hours or that come and go in a minute 's time .
A stinging pain in the eyes .
Sleep deprivation , or the feeling of being " wired . "
Vivid dreams .
Memory and concentration are continuously severely affected .
Control of emotional states , i.e. , feelings of anger , anxiety , lethargy , peace , numbness , exhiliaration , etc. NOTE : Chemtrails which drop various toxic substances can affect all these things as well .
No one has the definitive answer to this horror either .
If you were able to answer more than one of the above in the affirmative , you might want to take a look at the following :
To post a personal story , the site for that is the Mind Control Forum at :
http://www.mindcontrolforums.com
The infiltration of legitimate government , law enforcement , and media is so pervasive that not a single conventional channel for help is available to people who are having these problems .
Ask any conventional channel for help and you will be told to see a psychiatrist , that is , to see the same profession that is behind the entire mind control scenario and has been from day one .
That would be like a Jew in Nazi Germany going to an SS office to ask for help in stopping the programs .
I would add a caveat to this , however , there are some good psychologists who are helping ' alien abductees ' and if you have access to someone like that , you might get some help there , or at least access to a good sympathetic ear or group of people who are undergoing the same harassment .
However , there are ways we can put up very stiff resistance , while waiting for advanced technology to make it on to the scene and show the public that we are not exaggerating when we report what is happening to us .
Here 's my formula for fighting back , perhaps there is something here you can use .
I hope so , because our group needs activists very badly - these are critical times :
1. Keep reminding yourself that you are every bit as much a soldier as the guys who went ashore on D - Day .
This is a war against freedom , and is the most important war ever fought on this planet .
Play lots of military marches , film soundtracks , and inspirational music to keep your fighting spirit at a high level .
2 . Do n't waste time and resources chasing conventional signal cures .
My arguments , which have not been accepted by all victims yet , on the topic of the real classified signal types are at this link :
http://www.raven1.net/qkadvice.htm
3 . Spend your time and resources doing all you can to spread the word about FACTS ON PUBLIC RECORD ( which does not include our own torment , sad to say ) which point to the availability and use of psycho-electronic weapons and their use on involuntary experimentees : - Brief yourself on three government recognitions that at least electronic anti-personnel technology exists , as these three bulletins can assist when dealing with hostile authorities including psychiatrists who want you to take medications you do not need :
http://www.raven1.net/govptron.htm
http://www.raven1.net/russtran.htm
http://www.raven1.net/europar.htm
One professional scientific journal also states that voice to skull technology exists - this is the single most important document in support of electronic mind weapon technology to date :
http://www.raven1.net/v2succes.htm
- Unclassified and commercial technology available to anyone these days ,
http://www.raven1.net/uncom.htm
... and the fact that there are no controls on owning or using these devices
- MKULTRA , the REAL story which is FAR MORE than a few hits of LSD and some drugging of patients for hypnosis in Montreal ,
http://www.raven1.net/manchcan.htm
http://www.raven1.net/nabetray.htm
http://www.raven1.net/ravindex.htm#MKSITES
4. CONSTANTLY learn and review facts , over and over , and find ways to get them to above all the public , with some effort to the government and media people as well .
Rehearse your spiel constantly .
Keep trying to think of ways to get the story told in fewer , bolder words and phrases .
Some ideas for handouts , posters , and spiel phrasing are available from this page :
http://www.raven1.net/spiel.htm
5 . There is a message board on the Mind Control Forum for exchanging comments with other victims .
Go to : http://www.mindcontrolforums.com
Then scroll down to " Message Board " .
Again , see http://www.raven1.net/qkadvice.htm for suggested criteria to test for genuine countermeasures and genuine detection .
See http://www.raven1.net/disinfo.htm for a write - up on the subject of disinfo agents .
6. IMPLANTS .
Many victims assume that because they are tracked , their thoughts read , and are targeted in other ways , they must have implants .
New correspondents
need to realize that many victims have never had surgery , unexplained wounds , or lost time , and therefore feel they do NOT have implants .
Furthermore , the technology is highly exotic , can penetrate electromagnetic shielding and can evade conventional electronic detection equipment .
This sophistication and assertions by many victims make it wise to NOT ASSUME you are implanted unless you have unmistakeable x-ray proof .
It is possible to have a non-metallic implant which may not show on an x-ray too .
If you make claims that you are implanted , and later on , the authorities have you x-rayed and find nothing , you have discredited yourself and in some degree the rest of us too .
I recommend reading this document which outlines many reasons it is wise to not jump to conclusions about the technology in use , including implants , before you make any claims to the authorities :
http://www.raven1.net/qkadvice.htm
7 . Some personal ways I can cushion the effects of the attacks are these - may not work for everyone :
- During times where I am kept awake at night , I find listening to talk shows like Art Bell / George Noory , Ian Punnit , George Knapp - http://www.coasttocoastam.com
... not only eases the discomfort , but once in a while picks up some info relevant to government cover ups of all sorts , and it is these cover- ups which are maintaining the torturers ' secrecy NOTE : I have been woken up in the middle of the night just in time to listen to specific interviews , which is also part of the programming .
So , just listening to the show does n't guarantee life free of anxiety - it can actually make it worse .
Use your own good judgment .
- I find that having a 20 " box fan blowing over my legs at night makes the various physical attacks a little less severe ( lightest setting in cool weather , legs bare )
- White noise , either from the fan or from white noise generators helps during the night - Very light medication , such as 25 mg of Amitriptylene and / or 3 mg of Melatonin can help either get some sleep or increase restfulness when forced to stay awake
- As much walking and other activity outdoors helps significantly
- Advice for personal coping , as well as a colleague who has time to take telephone inquiries , is available on this web site :
http://www.stopcovertwar.com
Once you enter , these two titles in the clickable menu list are for personal coping :
A Word to friends and Family !
So how 's your marriage doing ?
9 . As to the technology , my own shielding experiments and the experiments and experiences of others point towards technology advanced beyond what conventional scientists know about .
Most new victims will not believe this , and spend agonizing years and lots of money pursuing court cases and conventional " cures " , ending up no further ahead .
This is why I fight back in the public arena , hoping to get the public to start demanding answers .
I can offer two places where , if you are open - minded enough , you can begin to see just how advanced the technology actually is :
- " The Secret Life of Plants " , by Tompkins and Bird , the edition having CLEVE BACKSTER'S experiments as the first chapter
- http://www.raven1.net/qkadvice.htm
10 .
This is a kind of unusual technique for reducing the impact of the torture , but I find that feeding and hanging out with squirrels in a park is the single most " daily spiritually uplifting " experience I 've had since starting to look for ways to cope .
When one of the little furry ones gets confident enough to hop up on your lap and ask for a peanut , I feel as if I 've been blessed by Heaven !
Finally , there are two " comebacks " to questions from skeptics which I will offer you here to assist with your dealings with others , be they authorities , medics , or family , friends and business associates .
These are from a larger collection of information relative to public speaking , but I 've found are especially handy .
The full page is at : http://www.raven1.net/spiel.htm
Here are the excerpts :
1 . When someone says " If these weapons exist , then why do n't they use 'em on so - and - so [ Osama bin Laden , Saddam Hussein , Slobodan Milosevic , or any other bad guy in the headlines ] ? "
Answer : " Probably because so - and - so [ the bad guy ] is doing things that our government feels are useful .
Not every goal of government is made public . "
2 . When someone asks " So how many of you are there ? "
Answer : " In March of 2002 , Cheryl Welsh , founder of CAHRA , had been in touch with about 1,600 people world - wide who state they are being targeted .
In an April 2002 survey of about 12,000 Americans , about one percent stated they are being targeted with psycho-electronic weapons and the harassment which goes with the weapon attacks . "
from : Eleanor White
NOTE FROM DEE : I would venture to say that number given above is much , much higher .
Most people would n't tell their best friend of their suspicions for fear of being put away or drugged against their will .
MIND CONTROL IN AMERIKA
RMN Home Page_ ( http://www.rumormil lnews.com /)
( http://www.rumormil lnews.com / cgi-bin/forum. cgi ) _RMN Reading Room_
Politically Incorrect News -- Stranger than Fiction -- Usually True !
MIND CONTROL IN AMERIKA
Five Easy Steps To Create A Manchurian Candidate
OPERATION OPEN EYES
Gunther Russbacher sent the original pieces of this article to his wife , Rayelan in 1996 .
In December of 1996 , Rayelan pieced together Gunther 's many letters , and published the original article on " Mind Control in America " in the print edition of Rumor Mill News .
Several days before the Columbine shootings , a man from Austria came to California to meet with Rayelan and clear up some of the hard to understand passages in the original article .
The man said he was Gunther 's boss in Austrian Intelligence .
Since Rayelan had never met Gunther 's boss , the man provided information that only Rayelan , Gunther and Gunther Austrian Intelligence superior would know .
The Austrian told her he had helped Gunther write the first part of the article on " Operation Open Eyes . "
The original article was hand written by Gunther and sent to Rayelan in several different letters .
The man from Austria said that he had personal knowledge of the 5 Levels of programming , and that was the part of the article he had helped Gunther write .
The second part of the original RMNews article was taken from other letters written by Gunther , alone .
The man from Austria said he could only correct the part that he had helped write because he had no personal knowledge of Gunther 's own mind control experiences , or how the United States used this method of mind control .
Shortly after the Austrian met with Rayelan , the tragedy at Columbine happened .
Rayelan now believes that the Columbine killings were the beginning of the final push to take all guns out of the hands of the American people .
One month , to the day , after Columbine , another similar shooting occurred in Georgia .
These killings are not random acts of teenage violence .
These school killings are a planned , methodical attack on the American Constitution and the freedom which is enjoyed but taken for granted by citizens of the United States of America .
The method of the attack is designed to inflame anger and hysteria in the American public .
The media whips up the anger and hysteria and keeps it fresh in America 's mind , with continual graphic , around the clock , " overkill " coverage and commentary of the dead and wounded victims , the pain and suffering of the families , and the traumatic scars left on America 's children .
The President uses the hysteria of the moment to blame guns for the problems in Americas schools and with America 's children .
In the heat of hysteria , Congress is pressured to pass more guns laws .
The hysteria and anger towards guns , propelled by the President and the media , continues to sweep across America .
No one in media or being interviewed by the media , is allowed to speak rationally on the subject of guns .
Rational people are shouted down by talk show hosts , as in the infamous Rosie O'Donnell interview with Tom Selleck .
Members of Congress who try to point out the fact that existing gun laws do n't work , because the Clinton Administration does n't enforce them , are portrayed by the media as being " on the take " from the NRA .
No one is permitted to step back from the hysteria and consider , that no matter how many gun laws are enacted by governments , not even the total ban and destruction of guns could have stopped what happened at Columbine .
If there were no guns available to the two young men and their accomplices at Columbine , the killings would have happened anyway .
A gun was not used to blow up the Murrah Building in Oklahoma City .
Guns were not used to kill the 800,000 TsuTsis who were killed in Rwanda by the Hutus .
The children at Columbine and at the other schools across America were killed by other children .
The " child killers " used guns , but they could just as easily used machetes or bombs .
The man who drove his pick up truck through the window of Luby 's restaurant in Killean , Texas used a high powered assault
rifle to murder dozens of people .
He could just as easily thrown a bomb through the restaurant window .
The bomb would have killed more people than the gun , and the killer would have escaped alive .
But a bomb would not have accomplished the first step in the planned take - over of America .
That first step is the elimination of all guns in the hands of the American public !
Many of the mass murderers in the recent decade have committed suicide at the site of the killings , or they are killed by a law enforcement officer , once the various government agencies arrive .
In several cases of school shootings , the " child killers " have been stopped by teachers or principles who had
guns .
If the adult school officials had not had guns , by the time the law enforcement officers arrive , more victims would have been killed .
It is also possible that the " child killers " would have " self destructed " by committing suicide .
Dead men and boys , tell no tales .
With the " child killers " dead , there is no way to trace back , to its origin in mind control programming , the true cause of the killing spree .
If these children have been programmed using a Manchurian Candidate type of mind control , that has been around since the 1920's , and actively used since the Korean War , a trained psychiatrist can find the mind control tracks !
For the psychiatrist to do his job , he needs a live " killer " , and he needs the cooperation of the local law enforcement officials .
The only way to stop these shootings is to make the public realize that " Manchurian Candidates " do exist , and the kids who are committing these tragic crimes are victims of government mind control .
The purpose of the shootings is to inflame the public against guns so that they force Congress to pass restrictive gun laws .
Once the guns are out of the hands of the American public , another twist in random mayhem will begin .
More programmed " Manchurian Candidates " will begin anarchistic attacks on the public using bombs , knives , fires , Molotov cocktails , baseball bats and any other item that can be used as a weapon .
Anarchy will sweep the streets of the United States .
The public will be disarmed and unable to protect themselves .
Therefore , the government will step in and become everyone 's protector and Big Brother !
The government will do this by suspending the last threads of our barely surviving Constitution , declaring martial law , rounding up the dissidents , patrolling our streets with armed United Nations or NATO military , instituting curfew , and shooting anyone who disobeys any of the newly imposed laws .
In other words , a totalitarian government will take control , and if you oppose them , you will be sent to the Gulags .
If the school killings escalate as a Rumor Mill News Source said they will , Congress will be bribed , blackmailed or threatened to pass the bills which will take away out guns .
If this happens in 1999 or the year 2000 , Bill and Hillary Clinton will be the permanent totalitarian rulers of the United States !
[ Editor 's Note : In 2009 - it could be Hillary and Bill Clinton ]
Programmed " Manchurian Candidates " as well as political and government leaders whose own personal agendas have been replaced with mind controlled New World Order " overlays " , will work in tandem to bring the United States under the iron fisted rule of a One World Government .
There is enough research on mind control to convince any rational person that mind control and programmed assassins exist .
Congress will not investigate this .
Our Congress is either bribed with money or promises of high positions in the New World Government , or they are blackmailed and / or threatened with death or the death or their loved ones .
The only hope America has of exposing this and stopping it , is for a courageous community to demand that their district attorney look into the mind control aspect of the shootings .
This courageous community must stand together as a united front .
If only a handful of residents try to force their local
government to investigate and expose the mind control behind the killing rampages , then that handful can be broken and defused using simple techniques of " divide and conquer " , and " smear and attack "
These courageous residents will be painted as mentally unstable , or as criminals and pedophiles .
If these simple techniques of " breaking and diffusing the opposition " donï¿½t work , then the heavier guns of bribery , blackmail , threats and murder will be used .
Only a well coordinated and informed public , with NO LEADER OR SPOKESPERSON , can expose the horror of what is really happening in America .
Why no leader or spokesperson ?
Because you can never be sure you are not putting a government infiltrator in charge of the attempt to expose the truth .
In other words , the only person whose agenda you can trust is your own .
This means , if you want the truth exposed , YOU have to do it .
YouTube - BRAINWASH - The Secret History of Mind Control
Dominic Streatfield 's book on the recent history
Watch video - 2 min 21 sec -
www.youtube.com/watch?v=xdEHXQzosPI
http://www.jamescasbolt.com/
[ This is the scariest guy I 've ever seen ] A History of Secret CIA Mind Control Research Part 1 .
Techniques used By Government agencies for Mind Control : .
By Sid Taylor .
A History of Secret CIA Mind Control Research Part 2 .
Techniques used By Government agencies for Mind Control : By Sid Taylor .
U.S. Experiments on Children
For decades the US Government has been experimenting on children with the use of drugs , deadly viruses , and radioactivity : by Carol Rutz .
Towards the New World Order America 's secret police force .
Who are FEMA , the MJTF , and the FINCEN ?
An insider reveals a taste of things to come .
One of the places where an investigator can begin research is with Satanic cults and children 's mental institutions and in house drug rehabilitation programs .
Almost all of the children involved in the school killings had attended a Satanic cult or had been in a mental hospital ..
These are the two main ways of programming children without parental knowledge .
The local authorities or researchers and investigators need to start there .
There have been many books written about CIA mind control programs , but no document or book has exposed the method used to create a programmed assassin .
This article covers the basics of the program .
Once you read this , you will understand how and why mass murders such as Columbine , take place .
In the case of the mass murders using guns , these mind controlled assassins are being used to sow terrorism in order to force Congress to pass tougher , more draconian gun laws which do not stop terrorism , but take away freedoms Americans take for granted .
In the case of the children being murdered by children .
This is a " CIA modified " " Hegelian Dialectic " technique .
In other words , if you want society to become something different than it is , you must set up the conditions which will bring about the desired results .
The German philosopher , Frederich Hegel called it : Thesis , Antithesis , Synthesis .
The CIA calls it : Crisis Creation , Crisis Solution , Crisis Control .
( Navy Captain Trenton Parker describes how
the CIA uses this technique in foreign countries to influence politics .
See end of article for information .
In
In the case of Columbine and other similar shootings the scenario is as
follows :
THESIS :
An armed America
ANTITHESIS :
Horrific violence and mass murders committed by people with guns
SYNTHESIS :
Draconian antigun laws which disarm America
The CIA 's version of Hegelï 's Dialectic omits the Thesis , their version starts with the antithesis :
Crisis Creation replaces Antithesis :
Horrific violence and mass murders committed by people with guns , who were either programmed or in the employee of the CIA or other government agencies Crisis Solution replaces Synthesis :
Draconian gun laws which take the guns away from everyone , including law abiding citizens .
Crisis Control Becomes the New Thesis
In the case of gun violence , the new thesis will resemble a police state , where only the government will have guns
To further illustrate the point .
America is a nation full of guns and guaranteed the right to own and bear arms , by the Constitution of the United States .
America cannot be taken over by the New World Order and their socialist / communist agenda , if Americans are armed , ( this is the Thesis , an armed citizenry ) , therefore conditions must be created that will cause the American public to demand that their Constitutional right to bear arms be rescinded .
These created conditions are called " The Antithesis " by Hegel ; it is called Crisis Creation by the CIA .
In the case of an armed citizenry , the antithesis , or anti-thesis , is random , senseless and horrific murders using guns as the weapon .
When these two conditions , i.e. ; an armed citizenry and horrific gun violence , exist simultaneously , public hysteria can be whipped up making the public demand that their Congressional representatives outlaw all guns .
This is called " The Synthesis " by Hegel ; or Crisis Solution by the CIA ..
The " synthesis " then becomes the new " Thesis " for a new triad in Hegel 's Dialectic .
In the CIA 's version of Hegel 's Dialectic , the synthesis i.e. ; the Crisis Solution brings about the new Thesis which is called : Crisis Control .
When Hitler wanted to wipe Jewish DNA from all of Europe , he created similar " antithesis " conditions which allowed the passage of similar anti gun laws .
If all Jews in Germany had been armed , how easy would it have been for Hitler to send them to concentration camps ?
An armed citizenry can protect itself from its government .
Hitler 's plan to eliminate all gun from German citizens was so successful that Connecticut Senator Thomas J. Dodd , father of todayï¿½s Connecticut Senator Chris Dodd , used Hitler 's model to frame the Gun Control Act of 1968 .
( More information at end of article . )
The Government 's Diabolic Plan Must Be Exposed
If this horrendous , diabolic plan to disarm America is not exposed , we can expect to see many more killings like the ones at Columbine .
Each subsequent episode will be 100 times worse than the others .
In Columbine , the real people behind the killings were sending a subtle message to anyone who can decipher it :
The bombs that were found were not intended to go off .
They were merely there to let " key people " in Congress know what will happen the next time .
In other words , instead of 15 people being killed , hundreds , maybe even thousands will be killed .
More than likely , there was a " Control Officer " handling these boys .
If an honest police unit uncovers him , he will be sacrificed , just like Tim McVeigh .
He will be portrayed in the exact way the Tim McVeigh has been portrayed .
In other words , he will be part of " The Vast Right Wing Conspiracy " , he will be a " gun nut " , he will belong to an Aryan Christian group .
Once you read how " Manchurian Candidates " are created , you will fully understand what is behind the incidents like the school killings , the crash of Ron Brown 's plane , The North Hollywood bank robbery , the massacre at Luby's , and the killings at the Capitol , ( Tom DeLay was the intended target at the Capitol .
Maybe he would be interested in how his would be assassin was created . )
* * * * *
OPERATION OPEN EYES
Government insiders reveal How the United States Government Finds , Chooses and Creates " Sleepers "
Mind - controlled , programmed zombies , also known as : Manchurian Candidates
An Overview of a Government Mind Control Program
How the Subjects are Chosen
A preset group of our people ( from the intelligence community ) canvasses the county hospitals and immigration centers in order to find viable candidates .
We locate and select people who have no close family or friends .
Once they have been selected , they are put under heavy , Level One hypnosis .
At this time a clear and definitive pattern of their usefulness is determined by our psychiatrists and field officers .
If the candidate possesses a relatively high IQ , he will be filed in a category file , called " call file . "
Levels One and Two
If the tested applicant has more than 120 IQ , a " recall " command and an accompanying " trigger " word will be written into his personality during the Level One hypnosis session .
This " trigger " will activate his recall program when we are ready for him .
We then systematically do a background search and create a file for future reference .
If there are no relatives , to speak of , the subject will be " recalled " and taken to a location of our choice .
Further tests for vulnerability will be conducted at this location .
If he passes these tests , he is then brought to
Level 2 hypnosis where specific instructions are " written " ( placed through hypnotic commands and suggestions ) into his personality and he is given diverse small orders .
If the subject , upon release , shows that he has retained the instructions which were " written " into his personality , and if he carries out the small and unimportant work duties which were assigned under Level 2 hypnosis , he will receive a " recall service notice " .
The timing of a " recall service notice " depends on how quickly we can determine that the programming which was " written " into the subject 's personality has enabled him to complete his Level 2 work assignments properly .
Once this determination has been made , a " recall service notice " will be given to him by a person , or " handler " to whom we have introduced him .
If the subject was not given a " trigger " word , the " handler " will use a quick and powerful form of hypnosis similar to Neural Linguistic Programming .
The subject will be told when and where to report .
The subject will have no memory of being given these instructions , he will just report on time to the proper location .
IF the subject was given a " trigger " word or symbol .
He will report to the designated location upon activation of the " trigger " .
Level 3
The next step is Level 3 hypnosis , where the subject will become an " overwrite " upon his own personality .
An " overwrite " is a new identity or personality .
It is similar to having multiple personalities , except the original personality is repressed or hidden under the " overwrite " and will not surface for a set period of time which is determined by the Programmer .
The " overwrite " is not a complete new identity .
There is just enough information written into the subject 's personality for us to determine his viability .
In the case of a Field Operative , Level 3 hypnosis is how the operative is prepared for a covert mission which requires a temporary new identity .
Just enough information will be written in for the operative 's alias and story to be believable by everyone , including law enforcement officials .
In the case of a field operative who will be using this alias for only one occasion , his normal personality is not repressed , it is made recessive , but left alert .
For the field operative who is being prepared for a deadly covert mission , a Level 3 " overwrite " can eliminate all fear and nervousness , and allow him to function under the nose of his enemies without the added stress of being discovered .
All operatives have to go to , and through these 3 Levels before they are fielded !
Sometimes they go through Level 3 many times .
During Level 3 programming sessions , the new subject is told that anything his " friends " , i.e. programmers , ask him to do , is okay , even though it may be against all laws of the land .
At Level 3 , the subject is also programmed to believe that he must and can do everything his " friends " i.e. , programmers ask him to do .
Once Level 3
Programming has been " overlaid " upon the new subject 's own personality , he / she is once again given a " recall service order " and is then discharged .
The subject will be monitored to see how well he functions with his new personality .
If everything goes well , he will be recalled for further programming .
The higher the IQ of a given subject , the further the programming goes !
If the IQ is high enough we will study his abilities and our needs , and determine how the subject can be further used .
Once this determination is made , the subject will be brought to " The Farm " or one of our numerous facilities throughout the U.S. and Canada for further and final programming .
( Doctors Hospital in Dallas , TX is one of our main centers ! )
Level 4
Once at the facility , we will put the subject into Level 4 hypnosis , a place where he no longer differentiates between right and wrong .
The subject will be told he is a " Super Human " and all laws are written for other people .
The subject 's moral code , respect for the law , and fear of dying is replaced with new " Super Human " feelings .
This is the Level that turns a subject into a " Clear Eyes " , i.e. , a fully programmed " sleeper " assassin , who can commit crimes as serious as murder , and afterwards have no shame , guilt , or remorse .
The Level 3 Super Human " overwrite " replaces the subject 's own morality and / or religious ethics with a program that makes him believe he is beyond all human laws .
If the intent of the programming is to create a programmed assassin who will kill on cue , all morality , fear , and revulsion of bloody body parts must be eliminated .
The Super Human " overwrite " eliminates both .
The Super Human " overwrite " also gives the subject the feeling of immortality and invincibility .
If he has to perform a particularly suicidal or important assignment we do our job at Stoney Mountain facilities .
At Level 4 , diverse programs can be written / or overwritten into the brain .
Any command is accepted at this level .
At Level 4 you can give the test subject a completely new personality and history .
You are able to make him / her believe anything the program requires for the accomplishment of the desired project .
In this case , a completely new person is being created , not just a partial personality as is Level 3 .
Once the Level 4 programming is complete , the subject will be a different person with no memory of his former life .
He will not be an amnesiac , he will have memories .
Ones which we gave him .
He / she will be relocated to a new state and town and given a new life .
Everything to complete the construction of the new person will be provided .
Items such as driver 's license , car , bank accounts , passport , credit cards , and birth certificate will be created or supplied by us and will be valid and legal .
The subject will also be provided with all the small things that ordinary people have in their lives , such as photos of his family .
His family wo n't really exist , but he wo n't know this .
He will have all the feelings of love , hurt or anger that normal family members feel for each other .
The photos of family and friends will be of deep cover agency personnel .
If ever a mission goes " sour " and the news media starts looking for his family , the " agency created family " will be produced for a news conference or an interview .
Agency personnel have been well coached and are trained actors and actresses .
They will fill their roles perfectly , usually letting the public know that the " Clear Eyes " subject has always had a deeply troubled and violent past .
The media will present the " Clear Eyes " as a nut case who went on a tragic and senseless rampage .
Within a month , the public will have forgotten the incident .
Completing the new life and home , will be souvenirs from trips the subject has never taken , but yet remembers .
There will also be small mementos of a life he has never lived , yet believes he has .
Upon the completion of Level 4 Programming , the subject and patient ( one and the same ) now has an agenda that he believes is his own .
In other words , if the subject is going to be used to infiltrate a patriot group , religious commune , political campaign or environmental movement , the subject will be given all the knowledge and beliefs that are commonly held by people in his targeted group .
The subject will believe that his fervently held opinions are his own .
He will be believable to other members of the group .
Many politicians and government officials on a world wide level have been given " new agendas " through the use of Level 4 programming .
Their own beliefs are replaced with the agenda of the programmers .
They are given super human talents such as a photographic memory , and the ability to lie convincingly .
President Clinton is an example of a world leader who has been programmed with this technique .
Senator John McCain and Secretary of State Madeline Albright are two other examples of an " agenda overlay " being " overwritten " onto the subjects own personality .
In the cases of these people , their own personalities and memories are still present , to a large extant , although childhood and early adolescent memories are sometimes erased when this technique is used .
Once the future government leader is programmed , he will be recalled on a yearly basis and given hypnotic reinforcement of the original programming , or new programming will be " inserted " to modify the original programs .
If no new programming is needed , the reinforcement programming can be done on a mass scale .
In other words , " programmed sleepers " who are part of a lecture audience or a " think tank retreat " , can have their programming " reinforced " through a lecture or film .
The rest of the audience , such as wives and children , will notice nothing out of the ordinary .
Upon completion of Level 4 , the subject who has been chosen to become a " programmed sleeper assassin " is fully prepared for Level 5 .
Level 5
At Level 5 , the " trigger " which activates the program is inserted .
At Level 5 , very carefully , a code word , sequence of numbers , or a voice imprint is " etched " into the subject 's brain .
This is commonly known and referred to as the " trigger " which will activate the subject into action .
At this time , the subject will also be implanted with a coded tracking device so that his location will always be known .
Once Level 5 programming is complete , the subject is released to live a very normal and sometimes useful life .
The subject will have no memory of being involved with the intelligence community , and will have no memory of the hypnosis sessions .
The " sleeper " who has been given a complete new identity will have no memory of his " former " life , therefore he will never question who he is .
The subject will live a normal life as a doctor , an airline pilot , a politician , an eccentric loner , or a movie star until the subject is required to perform the missions for which he was created .
These missions or programs were implanted / written into Level 4 hypnosis .
Once the the Level 5 , programmed " sleeper " assassin is finished with the programming , he is referred to as a " Clear Eyes " .
A " Clear Eyes " is a " sleeper assassin " who is capable of being triggered , i.e. activated .
Once a " Clear Eyes " is " triggered " , accidently or on purpose , the subject is beyond recall .
A Level 5 " Clear Eyes " can only be approached after he carries out his program or operation .
Because of the programming , the subject will not be able to associate with the crime he has just committed .
Such a programmed subject is Sirhan Sirhan , the assassin of Robert Kennedy .
To this day Sirhan cannot recall anything about shooting Senator Kennedy .
Only psychiatrists trained in our method of sub mental behavior programming , overwrites and overlays , will be able to find any tracks leading to post Level 1 or 2 mind control .
In other words , a regular psychiatrist may discover that the subject has been hypnotized in the past , and may even discover the original personality .
But a regular psychiatrist will never be able to discover the location in the brain or memory , where Levels 3 , 4 and 5 programs are
stored .
Without an activation " key " , a normal psychiatrist will never uncover the programming unless by accident .
If the programmed subject is told to walk into an armed camp and assassinate an enemy leader , the subject will carry out his program with no regard to his personal welfare , whether he lives or dies , or how he is supposed to escape .
In most cases of programmed " Clear Eyes " who commit murders or assassinations , the subject is killed on the spot , either by an innocent bystander who kills only to end the killing , or by an agency operative who is on site to insure nothing goes wrong , in other words , that the subject " self destructs " or
is killed .
In some cases the subject is captured and not killed .
Due to the type of programming used in " Operation Open Eyes " , the subject will not be able to divulge any information .
Even if the subject is brutally tortured , he will not be able to remember the actual killing or terrorist act , let alone why he did it .
This is because all programming is buried deep within long forgotten childhood memories which were recalled under Level 3 hypnosis .
( This is the level where real childhood memories are accidently destroyed in politicians and other officials who have agendas " overwritten " on their own personalities .
Even under the " truth serum " drugs , the subject cannot reveal the truth because his conscious mind has no access to it .
Using " Operation Open Eyes " , the government can create the perfect assassin , saboteur or terrorist .
One who will perform on cue , not be able to remember anything , or self destruct before being captured .
Who was Gunther Russbacher ?
He was a 29 veteran of the CIA when he married Rayelan Allan in 1989 .
He was incarcerated two days after marrying her .
The reason for his incarceration became clear when he testified that in 1980 , he flew vice - presidential candidate George Herbert Walker Bush from the Paris meetings which concluded the October Surprise " deal " with Iran , back to the United States in an SR71 .
See related articles on Captain Gunther Russbacher , ONI , CIA _BUSH MADE DEAL WITH IRANIANS , PILOT SAYS _
( http://www.rumormil lnews.com / HARRY_MARTIN_ OCTOBER_SURPRISE .htm )
_SARAH MCCLENDON : " I do believe that Russbacher is telling the truth ... " _
( http://rumormillnew s.com/MCCLENDON_
FAX_TO_KOENIG .
HTML )
_RUSSBACHER ' S CREDENTIALS_
( http://www.rumormil lnews.com / RUSSBACHER_ DOCS.htm )
_WHO FOUNDED RUMOR MILL NEWS ?_
( http://www.rumormil lnews.com / RMN%20FOUNDERS % 20 GUNTHER % 20AND%20RAYELAN. htm )
_ October Surprise Articles about Gunther Russbacher_
( http://rumormillnew s.com/OCTOBER_ SURPRISE . htm )
End of Part One
* * * * *
_ Part Two_ ( http://www.rumormil lnews.com / operation2. htm )
© 1996 Rumor Mill News
RMNews
P.O. Box 1994
FREEDOM , CA 95019
_
MIND CONTROL IN MOVIES & COMPUTER GAMES Date : 6/26/2003 http://www.metatech.org/mind_control_movie.html
MIND CONTROL IN MOVIES & COMPUTER GAMES Personal experience of Scooby Do , Star Wars , & Caesar Part 1 : Mind Control in Computer Games By Stephanie Relfe B.Sc. Around mid 2000 I started playing the computer game Caesar .
Caesar is a computer game where you get to build an ancient Roman city .
It is very complicated and highly addictive .
There is something about this game that makes time fly by at an incredible rate , and it is hard to stop playing .
I played it for days on end .
My mother also played the game - often past the small hours of the morning .
Later , the same company brought out two other games - Pharoah .
where one builds cities in Ancient Egypt , followed by Zeus , where one builds cities in ancient Greece .
The day after that I played Pharaoh for about half of the day I was feeling a sick feeling in my body , and a stuffiness in my head , which I intuitively thought came from the game , but I ignored it and kept on going .
That night I woke at 4 am having a terrible nightmare .
I have virtually not had nightmares for years .
It felt what I can only describe as ' demonic ' .
The description of it may not sound much , but the FEELING that it left me with was incredibly strong and awful .
I was trying to warn two men who had been customers of a very suppressive boss I had about twenty years before , about some kind of incredible crime .
I was in a garden in front of some buildings .
A car drove up - I looked inside and knew from something I saw inside that it was black witches in the car .
Some how they coerced me into the car .
Quickly I managed to roll out the other door , and would have been taken back but I managed to remember to call on God for help .
The three people in the car were surprised , and let me go .
At the same time , a number of people came up the road and were able to help me .
I woke up feeling awful .
I felt so bad that I woke my husband Michael , and after a while with us both praying I felt safe enough to go to sleep again .
I had had the thought that some how aliens were involved in this dream .
Michael made the comment that maybe aliens sent the dream because they were mad at not being able to abduct us .
( Michael had found a way to stop the monthly abductions he had been suffering from .
See " The Mars Records " Book 2 at www.themarsrecords.com)
The feeling of being sick was like the feeling I had once when I played Zeuss .
It was , I think , about the third day I played it .
I can only decribe the feeling as feverish .
I got worse and worse the longer I played .
I KNEW the game was causing this feeling , but I did n't stop playing .
Finally I had to stop - my head was pounding and I felt sure I was going to throw up .
However , after Michael layed hands on me and prayed deliverance for me from the game , I got better within a few hours .
I had never had these problems with Caesar , which was the first game that came out .
The second game that came out was Pharaoh .
Playing this game caused me to feel feverish and have nightmares .
The third game that came out was Zeuss .
That made me feel much worse than any previously Just before I stopped playing Zeus permanently , when my headache & nausea was at its peak , I got the impression of a big black hole opening up , that was somehow connecting me spiritually to another dimension full of evil .
I felt that I was still connected to that dimension even when I stopped playing .
I finally disconnected when Michael prayed to remove all ties from me to the games and anyone / anything connected with the games .
Part 2 : Mind Control in Movies I had read articles about how different negative and controlling things are secretly placed into movies etc. by encryption and occult practices .
However , I had not personally been aware of this until Michael and I were at the movies and watched a preview of the cartoon Tarzan .
Within a minute of the stupid cartoon & the sound of drums beating , tears come to my eyes within a few minutes !!!
I know that I 'm sensitive , but this was incredible - crying over a dumb cartoon .
What were they doing to pull my strings so much ???!!!
Michael and I have always liked movies .
The old movies do n't seem to do to us what the movies that have been made since around 1998 do ( give or take a year or two ) .
There have been a number of movies that have given me a major headache - almost a migraine , plus nauseous feelings .
I have NEVER had a migraine outside these movies ( and the time I played the computer games described above ) .
I cannot remember which movies did this to me , but they were always very popular , expensive movies .
One of these was Star Wars Episode 1 , the Phantom Menace .
The older three Star Wars movies were among my favourites , but the Phantom Menace gave me a headache ( apart from boring me - the Jedi Knights in that movie had no SOUL - they just could n't project ) .
We were getting ready to go to Star Wars Episode 2 , Attack of the Clones , when suddenly I felt that we should n't go .
After all , how spiritually destructive is it to see a movie about a bunch of people getting taken over by the dark side of the force ?
About fifteen minutes after we decided to NOT go , we both came under sever psychic attack - major headaches , pressure , nausea and tiredness .
I used muscle testing to find out what going on .
I got that some Draconians were very angry that we had decided not to go .
For some reason , it was in their best interests that we watched that movie .
I finally felt that I had to write up my experiences after what happened when we went to see " Scooby Do " .
We saw a review about it on www.drudgereport.com and felt like going to see it .
We took an eight year old daughter of a friend of ours with us .
After all , it 's just an animated cartoon .
What harm could it do ?
First of all , we were surprised at how dark and scary it was in places .
It is definitely not for five year olds or even eight year olds .
It is very interesting that the story so closely matches what many people including David Icke say is going on in the world .
A group of tall , skinny , reptilian looking creatures wanted to take over the world .
In order to do that they had to possess human bodies so that they could go on the surface of the planet .
And their leader had to absorb life force / souls from people in order to achieve his plan .
We got a very bad feeling when we saw the pyramid and ancient writing in the movie .
After the movie , all three of us had a headache .
The next day the little girl reported that she got a picture in her head of a scaly head .
Using muscle testing I got that this came from the movie .
The next day after that , when going to bed , I felt that I was being psychically attacked .
The word " sacrifice " came to my mind .
Again , this was in the movie .
Michael used muscle testing , and it indicated that there was an energy drain from me to someone high up connected with the movie .
Michael had the same .
Michael prayed the energy drains off us , and we felt better .
The next day we checked the little girl with muscle testing .
This indicated that she also had an energy drain from her to someone connected with the Scooby Do movie .
At first it seemed ridiculous - all this to do with Scooby Do !!!
But then again , if you were an evil entity with designs on the life force of the people of earth , what better vehicle than a movie that will seen by millions of innocent children , all full of life force ????
Post script I have had psychic & radionic etc. attacks after writing various articles before , but I have never felt such a fast and horrible attack as when I wrote the " Scooby Do will mind control you " article .
The INSTANT I started to write it , I started to feel dizzy and light headed .
The room even span a bit .
Michael felt the same .
I could ' see ' a very large , dark entity associated with this .
Muscle testing indicated that this entity was one of the " principalities " mentioned in the bible .
During that day I would get a major headache and feel very nauseous .
Michael would pray for me and do hands on healing , and the effect would go - only to return a few hours later .
By 10.00 pm I felt REALLY sick with a major headache - despite taking a painkiller ( which I do n't normally do ) .
Michael layed hands on me and started to pray in Jesus ' name to remove the effects of the principality - and I instantly vomited my dinner up , twice .
After that , I felt terrific !!!!
Michael felt that some how the principality affected the energy of the food in my body .
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
More in - depth Information : Here is a quote from Conversations With Research Scientist Initiates : Brain and Technology Update ©1995-1997 Leading Edge International Research Group http://www.trufax.org/convers/conv4.html
Therefore , 1995 will be the year where massive doses of electronic mind control , programming , thought intrusion and brain / biogenetic manipulations will commence in grand scale .
These projects are no longer experimental .
They are fully operational , for the field testing  is over !
The whole arsenal of frequencies will be unloaded on the USA , Australia , New Zealand , Canada , and Mexico as part of Stage 1 of the First Protocol , ( to include ) Woodpecker , Buzzsaw , Videodrome , Subliminals29 , Sonic Pulses , Optical Holograms , Visions , Voices and strange Psychokinetic phenomena .
Beware of TV s , computers , movies , radios and phones !
Also books , magazines , newspapers , printed advertisements and posters will also contain the encrypted hidden subliminal holograms .
Ladies and gentlemen , the Gestalt of the video movie  They Live is here now -- 1995 !
( dead silence )
Any questions ?
( The article that this quote comes from has a lot more VERY important and HIGHLY recommended information ) .
" The Network of Stolen Consciousness " : A survivor of intelligence mind control programs talks about the metaphysical and spiritual aspects are manipulated in mind control .
http://www.paranoiamagazine.com/Goobie.htm
Here is a quote from a post from a former consultant to the NSA titled " NSA and Mind Control " http://www.geocities.com/capaliwoda/mc/Abemarf_part_1.htm
Subliminal Implanted Posthypnotic Suggestions and Scripts Using Acoustically Delivered and Phonetically Accelerated Posthypnotic Commands Similar reports from readers of this article : " Hi , I just read your article about " computer games " and " movies " .
I just wanted to add that recently I had a similar experience of nausea playing a computer game , and I have never felt that way before playing those games .
It was a 3D " shoot`em up kind of game " I don´t recall the name " .
Ken , Portugal .
" Hi Stephanie , I read your article on " Scooby Doo can mind control you " a couple of days ago .
Thanks so much for sharing this information as it clarified something that happened to me last Wednesday .
I took my daughter to the movies to see star wars - Attack of the Clones .
After we got home from seeing it I had a phone call from my ex-husband ( who is a good friend ) telling me that God had told him to pray for me that afternoon ( about the same time we were at the movie ) .
I was a little mystified as to why .
A little later I started to feel very frightened and anxious and this developed into a major fear attack re my finances and future .
After dinner my daughter and I both felt unwell but we thought it might have something to do with something we 'd eaten - could have been .
That evening before I went to bed I was still fighting the fear and praying for God to protect me .
I tried several times to get some messages from God but nothing came through .
So I then prayed and asked God to communicate with me by way of a dream if there was anything I needed to know .
I went to bed and dreamed during the night that I had 3 hooks or soul ties in or to my heart .
In the morning I dealt with this but still did n't feel quite right .
My daughter woke up with a headache and very low energy and I had to keep her home from school .
On Friday I read your article and things suddenly became very clear to me so I have now said various prayers and decrees to deal with the situation for both of us " .
J.O. , Auckland , New Zealand Copyright © : Stephanie Relfe - 2002 : Permission is granted to copy and distribute this article or parts of this article , so long as you mention that it came from www.metatech.org NEW BOOKS
The Universal Seduction by world recognized authors , investigative journalists , mathematicians , engineers , scientists , and scholars .
Goals of the NWO , alien underground bases , alien / military abductions and implants , the secret Mars colony , mass mind control , Dulce , Area 51 , reptilians , covert govt .
time - travel and cloning , HAARP , chemtrails and CIA channeling programs .
http://www.theuniversalseduction.com
The Secrets of the Mojave by Branton .
A history of the military / alien connection .
26 sample pages with TOC , excerpts and index on Amazon .
http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/1881808440/qid=1021637405/sr=2-1/ref=sr_2_1/002-3054264-9324050
Different Child by Sandy Nichols .
A man 's poignant personal experiences of being continually abducted by greys .
http://www.differentchild.com
The first thing you Windows people will want to do before continuing with this little HOWTO is to get Perl up and running on your machine .
I suggest starting with the ActivePerl installer and going from there .
Once you 're rocking with Perl , come back .
perl / path/to/urltoys/urltoys.standalone
perl C:\path\to\urltoys\urltoys.standalone
Ca n't locate LWP.pm in @INC ( @INC contains : / System / Library / Perl/5.8.1/darwin-thread-multi-2level /System / Library / Perl/5.8.1 / Library / Perl/5.8.1/darwin-thread-multi-2level / Library / Perl/5.8.1 / Library / Perl / Network / Library / Perl/5.8.1/darwin-thread-multi-2level /Network / Library / Perl/5.8.1 /Network / Library / Perl . ) at urltoys . standalone line 12 .
BEGIN failed -- compilation aborted at urltoys .
standalone line 12 .
sudo perl - MCPAN -e shell
cpan shell -- CPAN exploration and modules installation ( v1.7601 )
ReadLine support available ( try ' install Bundle : : CPAN ')
cpan >
cpan>install LWP
URLToys ( 0 ) >
URLToys ( 0 ) > fusk http://poop.net/pics/girl-[01-50].jpg
URLToys ( 50 ) > list
http://poop.net/pics/girl-01.jpg
http://poop.net/pics/girl-02.jpg
http://poop.net/pics/girl-03.jpg
http://poop.net/pics/girl-04.jpg
http://poop.net/pics/girl-05.jpg
http://poop.net/pics/girl-06.jpg
http://poop.net/pics/girl-07.jpg
http://poop.net/pics/girl-08.jpg
http://poop.net/pics/girl-09.jpg
http://poop.net/pics/girl-10.jpg
...
URLToys ( 50 ) > get
Downloading " http://poop.net/pics/girl-01.jpg " ...
[*************************] [ 19175b of 19175 b | 1/50 ( to 00000 ) ]
Downloading " http://poop.net/pics/girl-02.jpg " ...
[********************-----] [ 45655 b of 45655 b | 2/50 ( to 00000 ) ]
URLs changed to protect the innocent .
One of my favorite porn - erm , I mean , " content " downloading programs is Joe Drago 's URLToys .
As far as I 'm concerned , it 's the Porn Hacker 's Swiss Army knife .
At its core , URLToys is a nothing more than a perl script .
Some people have added some fancy UIs and what not on top of it , but in the end , the script where the goodness lies .
Now initially the word " perl script " might scare some of you away , because it means we 'll be working with the command line interface .
But , my friends , the command line is good !
Not only does it make you feel all cool and h4x0ry when you are using it , but it also does n't clutter your system processes and memory with a bunch of pointless compu-bling .
When you 're downloading 4 gigs of porn , efficiency is good .
Additionally , if the boss comes by and sees some kind of involved terminal process going on , he or she might actually think you are working !
Anyway , let 's first get URLToys set up .
It may seem like a lot of work at first , but it will be worth it , trust me .
At the end of this tutorial I 'll show you how you can then use URLToys to perform a Fusk without having to sign up for websites like fusker .
lewww.com , much less use your web - browser at all .
No need to install Perl for Windows peeps !
I finally got to try out the stand - alone version of URLToys for Windows last night and it works great .
It 's highly recommended you go this route instead if you do n't yet have Perl installed on your machine .
Simply run the installer and then launch URLToys from the Start menu .
This will take you Windows people straight to the URLToys prompt - no need to install additional modules .
For the rest of us non-Windows users ( OS X , FreeBSD , Linux , etc. ) , step one will be to download the standalone version of URLToys , save it somewhere safe , and then try to run it by typing into your terminal program :
Or on Windows ( see this link for help ) :
Now it may very well be that after you hit enter you will get an error similar to this :
That 's no problem .
All it means is that your version of Perl is missing a module that URLToys needs .
In the case above , it 's LWP .
The easiest way to install Perl modules is via what is called the CPAN shell .
To start up the CPAN shell , run this command : ( You Windows people have it a little easier because you will have the Perl Package Manager which will let you browse - to and install modules via a user interface .
Or , again , just use the standalone URLToys installer to avoid all the module fuss . )
If this is the first time you have ever run the CPAN shell you might have to go through a few configuration steps .
Usually you are safe to simply go with the default answers .
Eventually , you should get a prompt like this :
From here , installing the LWP module is as simple as : The CPAN shell will then go through the rigamarole of compiling and installing the LWP module .
Once LWP is installed , you can type " quit " to exit the CPAN shell .
Then , try running URLToys again .
If you do n't need to install anything else , you will hopefully see :
Which means you 're in baby !
As I mentioned before , URLToys does A LOT of stuff .
Way too much to fit in a single post .
So , lets just try something we are already familiar with , a Fusk !
To Fusk the example from " A Fusking We Will Go " , it 's just a matter of entering :
And then pressing return .
Once you do , you will see the number " 50 " next to the URLToys prompt .
This number represents how many files we have in our URLToys queue thanks to our Fusk command .
To see a list of all these files , just type the " list " command and press return :
And then to download the files to your hard drive , use the " get " command : Awww , a cute little ASCII progress bar and everything !
Notice that URLToys nicely skips past the files that do n't exist .
Once your downloading is done , type " exit " to quit out of URLToys .
Your picutres will have been downloaded into whatever directory you ran URLToys from , typically in a folder called " 00000 . "
( This number represents your URLToys session .
If you were to start up URLToys agian immediately after this and perform another Fusk , those files would be in a directory called " 00001 . " )
There you go , from the web to your HD in only a few minutes and with no browser middle - man , no mess and no fuss .
Make sure you hang on to URLToys , because we have a lot more to talk about at a later date .
In the meantime , enjoy !
