Clinton and Edwards scramble for second in Democrats ’ first southern primary .
Obama wins crushing victory in S.C .
Illinois Sen. Barack Obama scored an overwhelming victory in the South Carolina Democratic primary Saturday , giving his historic campaign new momentum as the delegate - rich Super Tuesday states loom on Feb .
5 .
New York Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton was second with more than 90 percent of the vote counted , followed by former North Carolina Sen .
John Edwards — a South Carolina native — in third .
Advertisement
Seemingly buoyed by a huge African - American turnout — exit polls indicated at least half those voting were black —
Obama posted his second primary win , capping a bruising week of campaigning that found him squarely in the sights of former President Bill Clinton , his opponent 's husband and chief surrogate in the Palmetto State .
Obama cast the victory as a sweet vindication of his early win in Iowa and more evidence that he can unite a new Democratic coalition .
" Tonight , the cynics who believed that what began in the snows of Iowa was just an illusion were told a different story by the good people of South Carolina , " Obama told his cheering supporters in Columbia , S.C. " After four great contests in every corner of this country , we have the most votes , the most delegates , and the most diverse coalition of Americans we 've seen in a long , long time . "
Of the 45 South Carolina delegates up for grabs , Obama has won at least 19 , with 15 delegates still to be awarded .
Clinton has won at least nine delegates and Edwards has won at least two .
Exit polls showed about half of those who voted said Bill Clinton ’s campaign tactics were very important to their choice — and many will read the size of Obama 's victory as a direct repudiation of the former president .
Obama 's " South Carolina voters rejected the politics of the past , " said Robert Gibbs , a spokesman for Obama .
At a rally in Missouri on Saturday night , Bill Clinton congratulated Obama , saying he " won fair and square . "
After losing to Hillary Clinton in New Hampshire and Nevada ( though he won more delegates ) , Obama desperately needed a South Carolina win to try to rekindle the magic of his Iowa victory and also to prove the conventional wisdom that he could be a formidable presence in states with large African - American populations .
According to exit poll data , Obama appeared to win by a staggering margin among black voters :
Four out of five said they voted for him .
Obama won a quarter of the white vote , with Clinton and Edwards splitting the rest .
Obama had tried to downplay the issue of race , however , as late polls showed his share of the white vote in South Carolina getting slimmer as his numbers among African - Americans rose .
“ We have the largest percentage of Americans we 've ever had who are literally aching to live in a post- racial future , ” he said in Spartanburg , S.C. , Friday .
People 's backgrounds are important , he said , and we " celebrate them but believe that our common humanity matters more . "
The Clinton campaign had tried to lower expectations for South Carolina for days — a strategy made more explicit by her decision to fly to Tennessee , one of the Feb. 5 states .
" I have called Sen . Obama to congratulate him and wish him well , " Clinton said in a statement .
“ We now turn our attention to the millions of Americans who will make their voices heard in Florida and the 22 states as well as American Samoa who will vote on Feb .
5 .
For Edwards , the contest in his home state — where , as he notes , people talk like him — was perhaps a final chance to redefine a race that has largely become a head - to - head between Clinton and Obama in recent weeks .
The Edwards campaign on Friday launched both radio and television ads that focused on the “ personal attacks ” being traded between Obama and Clinton and that tried to cast him as the “ grown - up " who is more concerned about issues than “ this kind of squabbling . ”
On Saturday , as voters went to the polls , Edwards said his campaign had been energized in South Carolina in recent days because Clinton and Obama have “ spent an enormous amount of time trying to personally tear each other down .
And , I think , that voters do not respond well to that . ”
“ I was way behind here , and I ’ve clearly been moving this week , " he told MSNBC in a live interview from Charleston , S.C. “ So we ’ll just have to see what happens today . ”
Digital Tattoos are somewhat a new niche .
People are looking for them , interested , and who can blame them ?
Regular tattoos are usually seen as beautiful art designs , but they have a few flaws ; the major problem is that they are not returnable , another is that they are mostly permanent ( besides laser surgery or cover up jobs ) .
Digital tattoos on the other hand are completely programmable .
A new Digital Tattoo concept has been designed by the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute .
They envision embedding hair sized nanotubes under your skin , which will act like real tattoos .
These would present an image of your choice that may be amended and changed when you wish .
In addition , they would also be useful for note taking and reminders .
Sounds crazy ?
maybe .
But you must admit that it may be a tipping point for many , enticing more to actually get a digital tattoo .
Imagine those that have fallen in love and wanted a tattoo of their girlfriend or boyfriend ’s name on their shoulder or arm .
Besides not listening to their friends and colleagues that protest such a thing , the risk in having a permanent tattoo if a break up happens would be diminished .
You would always be able to change the name to match your own , another loved one , a favorite celebrity or whatever else you wish .
Just like clothing , digital tattoos would allow you to change your tattoo depending on your current mood and feelings .
The second benefit would be that the digital tattoos will become something actually practical .
Personal notes , reminders , or phone numbers could actually be written ( or programmed ) , so you would literally have them handy and available when needed .
This may be a little wild such as the Digital Tattoo that embeds a semi-visible tattoo under your skin , but could gather a lot more fan base .
So the ultimate question is :
If these programmable digital tattoos were available and affordable , would you like to get one ?
Via : DVICE
Barney Frank calls for decriminalizing small amounts of marijuana
Rep. Barney Frank will soon introduce legislation to decriminalize small amounts of marijuana , the Massachusetts Democrat said during an appearance on HBO 's " Real Time with Bill Maher . "
Frank offered no details on his legislation , and it's not at all clear that he could ever get it to the House floor for a vote .
A Frank aide was unaware of his plans other than his statement on HBO .
Frank has introduced legislation in previous years to allow the use of " medical marijuana , " although the bills never made it out of the House Energy and Commerce Committee .
Asked by Maher as to why he would push a pot decriminalization bill now , Frank said the American public has already decided that personal use of marijuana is not a problem .
" I now think it 's time for the politicians to catch up to the public , " Frank said .
" The notion that you lock people up for smoking marijuana is pretty silly .
I 'm going to call it the ' Make Room for Serious Criminals ' bill . "
Editor 's Note - Inappropriate or offensive comments will be deleted .
Thanks , John Bresnahan
Tom :
On the other hand -- you 'd have members of this administration and others who are adherents of this administration saying , " The great lesson -- of the last 20 years has been : cut taxes .
Fewer taxes , especially for the wealthy .
That helps the whole economy .
We would n't have gotten through the post - 9/11 period without the tax cuts that George Bush pushed through . "
Warren :
Tom , I 've been around rich people all my life .
And I have seen capital gains taxes close to 40 percent .
No one went home at 3 in the afternoon and said , " I 've worked enough , and because tax rates are so high , I think I 'll -- I 'll go to the movies . "
I mean , people -- people want to maximize their after tax income , and there 's two ways to do it .
In -- increase their income , or get Congress to lower the tax rates for them .
But I have never seen anybody with capital say , " I 'm going on strike .
I wo n't invest . "
I-- I 've been managing capital for 50 years for other people .
No one left and said , you know , " This -- the taxation system 's too tough .
I-- I think I 'll just stick it all under my mattress . "
They can't stick under their mattress .
They 're going to invest their money regardless .
Tom :
When you talk to presidential candidates -- and you -- you 've been now outspoken about your preference for Democrats --
Warren : Yeah .
Tom : -- when you put this before Hillary Clinton , or Obama , or the people who come to see you --
Warren :
Both the people you mention have heard me talk about it --
Tom : Right .
Warren : Yeah , probably more than they 'd like to .
Tom :
But they have n't moved it to the top of their agenda .
Warren :
Well , it 's -- if you read -- if you read Obama 's book , for example --
Tom : Yeah .
Warren : -- it 's in there .
And if you talk to Hillary -- no .
I think -- I--
I think in general they feel that the middle class and -- and -- and really the lower class in terms of income have -- have gotten too much shoved on them .
And -- and it's been -- it 's been to benefit the rich .
It -- but it -- it has not been the main thrust of anybody 's campaign .
Tom :
Have you ever seen a tougher time in many ways for the middle class in this country ?
Warren :
Well , the middle class is a lot better off than it was 50 years ago , or 100 years ago .
I mean , it -- it is true that if the economy improves , everybody benefits .
So -- so it is -- it was a lot tougher , you know , 50 years ago .
It was tougher 30 years ago .
They -- people have improved their standard of living .
But -- but if you look at the cutoff point on the Forbes 400 20 years ago , 21 years ago I think , it was a hu -- it was $ 190 million .
It 's now a-- a-- a billion three hundred million .
I mean , it 's up roughly seven for one .
I will guarantee you that the working stiff is not up seven for one in the last 20 years .
Tom :
You have some interest in China …
Has that been complicated for you , your investments in China and the kind of attention that you 've gotten with it ?
Warren :
Well , not -- not really .
I mean , we -- we bought PetroChina stock when it was n't so well known .
Last week at one day , it was the second most highly valued company in the world next to Exxon Mobile .
It was above General Electric .
I mean , it was number two in the world .
So , the Chinese have made enormous progress in the last ten or 15 years .
And -- and -- and they 'll continue to make progress .
What they 're doing is they 're finding out what the human potential is .
I mean , they 've always had an incredible number of smart people , energetic people .
But their system did n't allow those people to develop their potential .
And now they 're doing it .
Tom :
They 're taking a look at Bear Stearns .
You 've got a lot of friends at that -- house on Wall Street .
That make you nervous at all that the Chinese will become involved in our capital markets in such a direct fashion ?
Warren : Well , Tom , everyday -- net we 're going to buy about $ 250 billion worth of goods and services from China beyond what we sell to them .
So , we 're handing them , call it $ 700 million a day .
And what are they gonna do with it ?
We do n't expect them to stick it under the mattress .
They have to invest in something .
They can buy stock in Bear Stearns .
They can buy U.S. government bonds .
They can buy real estate here .
But we are force feeding dollars to them , and we 're taking their goods in exchange .
And for them to want to do something with those dollars -- it 's perfectly understandable .
Tom :
Does it make you anxious ?
Warren : No .
Well , it -- there are things about the whole foreign exchange situation that make me a little anxious .
But it -- it is not specific to the Chinese at all .
We are making free decisions everyday to buy their furniture , or buy their -- buy their shoes , or whatever it may be .
And we give them -- we give them a little piece of America in exchange .
That 's the nature , because you gotta give 'em something in exchange for it .
And -- and -- we 're not giving 'em enough products .
Tom :
You 've got a lot of fans out there , but some people have said you could have a lot greater influence on social justice in China in the human rights area , if you use the leverage of your investment — there , in that fashion .
Is that tempting to you ?
Warren : No. I -- I do n't seem to be able to use the leverage of my investment in the United States ( LAUGHTER ) to do anything about tax policy .
So , I -- the -- the Chinese government is going to behave in their own self interest to a great degree like the U.S. Government .
When our values clash with theirs , that 's something to be worked out basically government to government .
But -- we have been treated very well in terms of our investment in PetroChina .
Twenty - nine of the 30 largest companies that are publicly owned in China are controlled by the Chinese government .
That 's a fact of life in China .
So -- all -- the three major oil companies , they 're all -- they all have a majority of their stock owned by the Chinese government .
And you can go up and down the lines , the banks , and the life insurance companies and everybody else .
So , you are -- you are going into a state controlled company when you buy stock in China .
But -- they 've done pretty well by their -- by their investors .
And -- and -- they do n't like some of our policies , and we do n't like some of their policies .
And --
Tom :
Do you -- do you raise that with them ?
Warren : No. No. No. I -- if I -- if I raised with -- take the stock .
It 's something we own in the United States , I raise tax policy with them , do you think ( LAUGHTER ) is that gonna change what the U.S. government does ?
No .
It 's -- it 's determined by other factors .
Tom :
Do you think the 21st century will be the century of China ?
Warren :
Well , certainly China is going to gain economically relative to the rest of the world in this -- in this century .
There 's no question it that .
They 're galloping forward .
They come from a very low base , and -- and -- and that 's gonna cause a lot of problems for people .
I mean , we -- we worry about , you know , global warming or something like that .
But we 're using 12 times as much oil per capita -- as China .
Now as they use more , if we start pointing fingers at them , I think they 're entitled to point fingers back at us .
We 're the ones that have been using up the resources of this planet -- at a-- a clip far beyond -- you know , our per capita -- position in the world .
So -- I -- I think China is going to be -- I think they 're going to be moving pretty fast in terms of -- economics .
And it 'll take 'em a long time , because the base is so low .
But -- they will be a big story .
Tom :
When you look at China as an investment , however , do n't you have to factor in more fully the politics of China than you do -- when you 're making an investment in this country --
Warren : Sure .
Tom : Or in western Europe ?
Warren : Sure .
No .
You 're going into a different society .
And -- and they are n't gonna change their society dramatically to -- adapt to us .
But we 're still delighted to go in there .
But they -- that 's true around the world generally .
But obviously in China , there you 've got a -- you 've got a planned society in effect .
And -- and -- and it's different than the United States .
Tom : A lot of wealthy people that I 've talked to have said about this , " But Warren does n't factor in how much we pay in state taxes , you know . "
Those who live in New York -- face a very heavy tax burden .
Their estate taxes in New York , to some of them , seem confiscatory .
So , it balances out over the long haul .
Warren :
Well , the state taxes go to states .
But we still have $ 2.6 --
Tom : Yeah .
Warren : -- trillion raised for the federal government .
And -- and the state taxes obviously vary enormously .
But the disparity -- the rich -- the -- the very -- the super rich at the federal level are paying lower tax rates to the federal government .
That is not true on the -- on the state level .
But that -- you know , if somebody pays a high tax rate in -- in -- in New York , they can always move .
I think there 's close to a dozen states that do n't have an income tax .
My friend , Bill Gra-- Gates , was in Washington .
They do n't have a state income tax .
So , there -- there are options available on that .
There are not options available to the poor on the federal income tax .
Tom :
If the taxes get raised on the super wealthy , do you think it 'll cut into philanthropy ?
Warren : No. No .
If you look at philanthropy in this country , it 's been about two percent of GDP .
We 've had 70 percent tax rates .
We 've had 40 percent almost tax rates on capital .
We 've all kinds of different tax rates .
Two percent of GDP end up going to philanthropy .
It wo n't change things .
Now the estate tax , incidentally , I mean , the estate tax raises about $ 30 billion a year .
That $ 30 billion , which some people want to get rid of , that would provide a $ 1,000 a family to 30 million families .
If you take the 30 million poorest families in the United States , a $ 1,000 each would make a difference to every one of 'em .
The $ 30 billion raised through estate taxes -- just guess how many people die in the United States every year .
It 's a little over 2.4 million .
How many people will pay an estate tax this year ?
How many estates will pay a tax ?
About 12,000 .
One out of every 200 .
So , by letting one out of every 200 off the hook , you get rid of a sum which would give a $ 1,000 to every one of 30 million poor families .
I mean , I think it 's an outrage that -- that people talk about , you know , getting rid of an estate tax that only gets one out of every 200 to start with .
Tom : Executive compensation .
You feeling any better about it ?
Warren : ( LAUGHTER )
Well , I-- I --
I feel fine with people making a lot of money for doing a great job .
I mean , you know , the people in your field that do a great job make a lot of money .
( LAUGHTER ) ….
Yeah .
But -- what -- what I object to is the people that the -- the biggest payday of their life is the day that they leave a company from which they failed , or -- or where they get paid automatically big sums .
If you want the shot at the brass ring -- if you want a shot at making tens of millions of dollars a year , if you flop , why in the world should you be making $ 5 million a year , or $ 3 million a year ?
That -- it 's -- pay for performance is fine , you know .
Pay for showing up is not -- with the -- with the huge goodbye present , you know -- or -- or bonuses that are not tied to real performance , I think that 's terrible .
Tom : But , again , that 's not getting very much attention .
I mean , it was hot for a while .
Warren :
It was hot for a while .
Tom :
It 's gone away .
Warren : Now , well -- the CEO cares enormously .
The comp committee does n't care ….
I mean , if you -- you -- if -- if -- if the CEO is negotiating with a labor union , they stay up ' til 3 in the morning , and they do it over the weekends and everything else .
And they worry about a few cents per hour .
The comp committee meets for a couple of hours .
I 've never heard of a comp committee meeting at 3:00 in the morning , you know .
Tom : Right .
Warren :
Or staying there over the weekend to negotiate with the CEO .
So , you 've got this intensity of -- of caring on the part of one party to the negotiation .
And you 've got people on the other side to whom often it 's play money .
Questions ?
Comments ?
Email me at buffettwatch@cnbc.com
The Los Angeles Times , the largest newspaper from the Super Tuesday state with the most delegates , has just endorsed Barack Obama in the Democratic race and John McCain on the Republican side .
The paper was one of the co-sponsors of both parties ’
California debates this week .
Mr. Obama , a senator from Illinois , holds most of the same positions as the paper ’s editorial board — namely , being anti-war and for health care reform — combined with a “ sense of aspiration . ”
The L.A. Times said it disagreed with Mr. McCain ’s opinion on social issues but is pleased with his proposal to shut down the detention center in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
The paper urged its readers to capitalize on this “ historic moment ” and vote for Mr. Obama in part because he opposed the Iraq War from the start .
Yes , Hillary Rodham Clinton has been in the Senate longer , it said , but “ experience has value only if it is accompanied by courage and leads to judgment . ”
Furthermore , the editorial had harsh words to say about the Bill Clinton years :
Clinton ’s return to the White House that she occupied for eight years as first lady would resurrect some of the triumph and argument of that era .
Yes , Bill Clinton ’s presidency was a period of growth and opportunity , and Democrats are justly nostalgic for it .
But it also was a time of withering political fire , as the former president ’s recent comments on the campaign trail reminded the nation .
Hillary Clinton ’s election also would drag into a third decade the post - Reagan political duel between two families , the Bushes and the Clintons .
Obama is correct :
It is time to turn the page . …
No public relations campaign could do more than Obama ’s mere presence in the White House to defuse anti-American passion around the world , nor could any political experience surpass Obama ’s life story in preparing a president to understand the American character .
The L.A. Times characterized its endorsement of Mr. McCain , a senator from Arizona , as “ sure and heartfelt ” :
McCain opposes abortion and rejects the right of gays and lesbians to marry — two positions we reject .
He supports the war in Iraq , whereas we see this nation ’s interests better served by a prompt and orderly withdrawal of U.S. forces .
But the Arizona senator ’s conservatism is , if not always to our liking , at least genuine .
It reflects his fundamental individualism , spanning his distrust of big government , his support for immigration reform and his insistence on a sound American foreign policy .
Mr. McCain ’s dedication to changing the course of global warming and his bipartisan work on immigration — two top issues in California — also were cited as reasons for the endorsement .
KHARTOUM ( Reuters ) - A group of Sudanese released from the U.S. prison in Guantanamo Bay demanded cash payouts and an apology from the United States on Saturday , for mental and physical torture suffered during years spent in jail there .
The front gate of Camp Delta is shown at the Guantanamo Bay Naval Station in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba September 4 , 2007 .
This photo has been reviewed by the U.S. Military .
A group of Sudanese released from the U.S. prison in Guantanamo Bay demanded cash payouts and an apology from the United States on Saturday , for mental and physical torture suffered during years spent in jail there .
REUTERS / Joe Skipper
“ We have asked for compensation and an apology , ” aid worker Adil Hassan Hamad told a conference in Khartoum , which was organized by local rights groups to demand the release of seven Sudanese still held at Guantanamo Bay .
Hamad , freed just over one month ago , wore orange overalls like those worn by detainees in the U.S. prison camp .
He was working with refugees when arrested in Pakistan in 2002 and taken to Afghanistan and then the U.S. camp in Cuba .
He said his U.S. lawyer would seek compensation in the U.S. courts .
One of Hamad ’s daughters died during his detention because his wife could not afford medical treatment .
Two other inmates were also seeking compensation , he said .
Washington has designated Guantanamo prisoners , who were mainly seized in Afghanistan after the 2001 U.S. invasion , as “ enemy combatants ” and denied them prisoner - of - war status that would guarantee them certain rights under international law .
Many attending the Khartoum conference broke down in tears when addressed by the wife of al Jazeera journalist Sami al - Hajj , the most high - profile of the around 300 detainees still in the prison on the Caribbean island .
He has been on hunger strike for 400 days but is force fed twice a day in a manner his lawyer told the conference was tantamount to torture .
“ TORTURE ”
His wife Aygol Ismailova , who is from Azerbaijan , wept as she told the gathering how Hajj has been urinating blood and was suffering from other health problems .
“ His son Mohamed always asks me : ‘ Where is my father , who took him ?
What is prison ?
What do they do there ? ’
And I do n’t know how to answer him , ” Ismailova told Reuters .
“ Do people know that I have no way to contact my husband other than letters that reach him late and are censored ?
For more than six years I ’ve not heard his voice , not seen him , ” she said .
“ This is torture . ”
All Guantanamo detainees deserved compensation and an apology , she said , adding that Sudanese government officials had told her they hoped Hajj would be released by the end of March .
Hamad and another former Guantanamo detainee set up mock prison cells to show those attending the conference the cramped conditions in which they were held .
“ Often they ’d leave prisoners tied up in very , very cold rooms and refuse to allow them to go to the bathroom so they ’d wet themselves . ”
“ I was beaten , made to stand for long periods of time , deprived of sleep for three nights , ” Hamad said of his treatment by the U.S. army in Afghanistan before he was moved to Cuba .
Art director Brock Davis created this optical illusion using Halo 3's Forge tool . *
Image : Brock Davis * View Slideshow Brock Davis found a unique way to combine his love of Halo and his passion for drawing :
He created a 3 - D self - portrait using Halo 3's Forge tool .
The intriguing image , an optical illusion composed of objects found within the game , generated a lot of interest online .
Davis , who works as an art director for an ad agency in Minneapolis , had seen examples of people using Forge to write messages or draw 2 - D pictures , but was curious to see if such artistic endeavors could be taken a step further by making a 3 - D image .
" I was curious about the idea I had in my head , and I wanted to see if it could work , " he explains .
" It would be amazing to try something like this in the real world , but at least with Forge I was able to try it in a virtual world , and that 's the next best thing .
" Especially since it 's a tad easier to levitate and move large vehicles in Forge , " he jokes .
Forge is Halo 3's extremely flexible map- customization tool that allows players to create their dream multiplayer map , right down to the tiniest detail .
Halo fans quickly embraced
Forge after the game 's release , putting the tool to use for more than just creating custom game maps .
Using a simple interface designed to let players add or replace in - game items like weapons and vehicles , as well as random articles used simply to give the map some flavor , they soon took to drawing pictures and writing messages by lining up weapons and vehicles on the ground .
One player even proposed to his girlfriend by spelling it out in Forge .
( She said yes . )
Davis , who has had no formal art training but has been drawing and designing his " whole life , " says he 's certain the self - portrait wo n't be the last of his art projects .
" It 's just a matter of crossing paths with something that inspires me , " he says .
" I 'm always looking for ways of doing creative things differently . "
Though he never intended for his creation to attract so much attention , Davis says that " a prominent person " at Bungie Studios , Halo 's developer , commented on how much he liked the portrait .
" That was really cool , " Davis says .
" Maybe if I 'm lucky , the gods at Bungie will see fit to drop a certain Spartan helmet in my stocking this year . "
How to Make a 3 - D Self - Portrait in Halo 3
Suicide Bombing Makes Sick Sense in Halo 3
Sci-Fi , Serendipity Spawn Halo 3 ’s New Weapons
Smart Tweaks Amp Up Halo 3 ’s Killer AI
Halo 3 Turns French Cathedral Into Electronic Battleground
so Hillary lied about NAFTA
March 6 , 2008 by twitterpaters
by twit
It turns out that it was actually the Clinton campaign that told Canada not to worry about all of the anti-NAFTA rhetoric .
with thanks to Wonkette , for the link to this :
“ Quite a few people heard it , ” said one source in the room .
“ He said someone from ( Hillary ) Clinton ’s campaign is telling the embassy to take it with a grain of salt .
. .
That someone called us and told us not to worry . ”
Government officials did not deny the conversation took place .
… the content of Mr. Brodie ’s remarks was passed on to CTV’s Washington bureau and their White House correspondent set out the next day to pursue the story on Ms. Clinton ’s apparent hypocrisy on the North American Free Trade Agreement .
Although CTV correspondent Tom Clark mentioned Ms. Clinton in passing , the focus of his story was on assurances from the Obama camp . …
The report wound up on YouTube and caused an uproar in the U.S. race — influencing the final days of the critical Ohio primary , with every indication it will also play a role in the upcoming Pennsylvania vote .
via Beertap , here ’s Keith Olbermann spelling out the latest news :
Ever lose patience waiting for a bus and decided to walk instead ?
Next time , stick around , it ’s nearly always the best strategy .
Scott Kominers , a mathematician at Harvard University , and his colleagues derived a formula for the optimal time that you should wait for a tardy bus at each stop en route before giving up and walking on .
“ Many mathematicians probably ponder this on their way to work , but never get round to working it out , ” he says .
The team found that the solution was surprisingly simple .
When both options seem reasonably attractive , the formula advises you to choose the …
But if you look a little further back , you ’ll see that for a long time now , copyright holders have made a series of concerted efforts to extend copyright protection and make it an ever - more powerful instrument of control .
More than a century ago , copyrights lasted for 14 years  and could be extended another 14 if the copyright holder petitioned for an extension .
Today , corporate copyrights last for 95 years , while individuals retain copyrights for 70 years after their deaths .
The most recent extension of copyright , passed by Congress in 1998 , was nicknamed the Mickey Mouse Protection Act , because Disney ’s lobbyists were intent on keeping Mickey Mouse from falling into the public domain  and on preserving billions in profits for Disney .
Image The author J. K. Rowling is suing to stop publication of a Harry Potter companion book .
Credit ... Ric Francis / Associated Press
At the same time , though , copyright holders have tried to impose rules on the rest of us  through threats and litigation  that were never intended to be part of copyright law .
They sue to prevent rappers from taking samples of copyrighted songs to create their own music .
Authors ’ estates try to deprive scholars of their ability to reprint parts of books or articles because they disapprove of the scholar ’s point of view .
Mr. Lessig likes to cite a recent , absurd case where a mother posted a video of her baby dancing to Prince ’s song “ Let ’s Go Crazy ” on YouTube  and Universal Music promptly demanded that YouTube remove the video because it violated the copyright .
Have these efforts had  as we like to say in the news business  a chilling effect ?
You bet they have .
About a decade ago , Mr. Lessig decided to fight back .
His core belief is that copyright protection , as he put it to me , “ was meant to foster creativity , not to stifle it ”  yet that is how it is now being used .
He fought the Mickey Mouse Preservation Act all the way to the Supreme Court ( he lost ) .
He founded Creative Commons , which is , in a sense , an alternative form of copyright , allowing creators to grant far more rights to others than the traditional copyright system .
And he started the Fair Use Project to push back against copyright hogs like J. K. Rowling .
No one is saying that anyone can simply steal the work of others .
But the law absolutely allows anyone to create something new based on someone else ’s art .
This is something the Internet has made dramatically easier  which is part of the reason we ’re all so much more aware of copyright than we used to be .
But it has long been true for writers , filmmakers and other artists .
That ’s what “ fair use ” means .
And that is what is being forgotten as copyright holders try to tighten their grip .
Documentary - film makers feel this particularly acutely .
My friend Alex Gibney , who directed the recent film “ Taxi to the Dark Side , ” about torture , tried to get Fox to license him a short clip from the television series “ 24 ” to illustrate a point one of his talking heads was making about how the show glamorized torture .
Fox denied his request .
Mr. Gibney , a fair - use absolutist , used it anyway  but many filmmakers would have backed away .
تسنیم نوشت : بازیگر سینما و تلویزیون اعتقاد دارد که همیشه جای پرداختن به نقش زنان در دفاع مقدس خالی بوده است و باید بیشت ر
از حضو ر
زنان در جبهه و جنگ گفت .
متأسفانه خیلی کم در فیلم و سریال‌هایی که تاکنون ساخته شده به نقش زنان آن‌گونه که باید و شاید پرداخته شده است .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
“ It is so wonderful to be here . ”
So declared Hillary Clinton in El Paso , Texas , on Tuesday evening , as vote results being tallied in Virginia , Maryland , and the District of Columbia showed she was being clobbered by Barack Obama .
But worse for Clinton was that she was losing another clump of post - Super Tuesday primaries by large margins ( 51 points in D.C. , 29 points in Virginia , 23 points in Maryland ) because her base voters were abandoning her .
The message of the night : Clinton should be scared .
And perhaps John McCain should be , too .
Obama won the Potomac Primaries by eating into Clinton ’s core .
In the Super Tuesday states , Obama won 43 percent of women .
He took 55 percent in Maryland and 60 percent in Virginia .
In the Super Tuesday states , Obama was supported by only 35 percent of voters over 65 years of age .
In Maryland and Virginia , a touch more than 50 percent voted for him .
Within all the Democratic constituencies Clinton relies upon , Obama not only made gains , but won .
He won among voters making less than $ 50,000 a year .
He beat her among those with no college degrees .
He won Latinos .
He won Catholics .
He won white men by a substantial margin .
And Obama triumphed in every part of that state : urban , suburban and rural .
Of the subdivided demographic groups , only white women stood with Clinton tonight .
The rest of her base — at least in these states — collapsed .
So far , the Democratic primary contest has not been a race of momentum ; wins have been followed by losses , and vice versa .
Tuesday marked the first time any candidate has placed first three election nights in a row .
Obama won Washington , Louisiana , and Nebraska on Saturday , Maine on Sunday , and then the Potomac contests .
This is the first Democratic streak of the year .
And it comes as Obama has opened up a fundraising advantage over Clinton and the Clinton camp has been hit with organizational confusion .
After demoting her campaign manager on Sunday , Clinton said good - bye to her deputy campaign manager just as the Potomac voting was finishing up .
The end result is what the Obama campaign says is a 124 - delegate lead in pledged delegates .
Prior to the Potomac contests , there was talk that Clinton could be competitive in Virginia and she devoted several precious campaign days to working the state .
She did n’t come close .
Obama pocketed almost two - thirds of the Democratic electorate in Virginia .
More important , he collected over 610,000 votes .
That was about 160,000 more than all of the votes for the three Republican candidates in the state .
Democrats have been eying Virginia as a pick - up state for several years .
Obama ’s performance there suggests he could mount a serious challenge to John McCain , who also won in Virginia , Maryland and the District of Columbia .
And if a Democrat can hold on to all the states where John Kerry placed first in 2004 and win over Virginia , that candidate would need to flip only one other state to bag a majority of the electoral college votes .
Possibilities ?
Colorado , New Mexico , Iowa , and Nevada .
( Of course , winning Ohio plus all the Kerry states would also work . )
During a victory celebration in Wisconsin — which holds a primary next Tuesday , as does Hawaii , where Obama grew up — Obama spoke like a front - runner looking ahead to the general election .
He barely referred to Clinton .
Instead , he zeroed in on McCain , the likely Republican nominee .
McCain ’s “ priorities do n’t address the real problems of the American people , ” Obama declared , “ because they are bound to the failed policies of the past .
George Bush wo n’t be on the ballot this November , but his war and his tax cuts for the wealthy will .
When I am the nominee , I will offer a clear choice . ”
Moments later , McCain fired back , playing the POW card : “ Hope , my friends , is a powerful thing .
I can attest to that better than many , for I have seen men ’s hopes tested in hard and cruel ways that few will ever experience … .
To encourage a country with only rhetoric rather than sound and proven ideas that trust in the strength and courage of free people is not a promise of hope .
It is a platitude . ”
For Obama , McCain represents the politics of the past .
For McCain , Obama offers the politics of the trite .
And for a moment , Clinton was out of the picture .
Clinton has the time and opportunity to regain control of the Democratic race .
With her campaign aides expecting her to lose Wisconsin and Hawaii next week , she and they are looking to strike back in the delegate - rich states of Ohio and Texas on March 4 .
Hence , her quick retreat from the East Coast to the Lone Star State .
But it certainly is tough for a candidate to go so long without a win .
Ask Rudy Giuliani .
In Wisconsin , Obama proclaimed , “ We have now won East and West , North and South and across the heartland of this country . ”
He could have added , “ We won young and old , male and female , urban and rural . ”
It ’s not just the vote totals that should worry Clinton ; it ’s the all - important breakdown .
Clinton ’s plan is to stop Obama in Ohio and Texas .
But are Democratic voters there so different from those in Virginia ?
She better hope so .
Copyrighted Image ?
DMCA
New poll numbers show rising negative marks for Hillary Clinton as her campaign turns increasingly to desperate tactics against Barack Obama in the attempt to salvage its hopes for the Democratic presidential nomination .
A Wall Street Journal / NBC
News poll released today shows that 48 % of Americans now give Clinton a negative rating while only 37 % rate her positively , the worst showing for Clinton in this poll in seven years , and a contrast to marks of 49 % positive and 32 % negative for Obama ( see also CNN , " Clinton 's Negatives Reach New High " ) .
While these numbers show a clear decline in favorability for Clinton , they show little or no change for Obama , suggesting that the recent Jeremiah Wright controversy has impacted Obama far less than many had predicted .
For Clinton , meanwhile , the WSJ / NBC poll shows that even among women Clinton is now viewed negatively ( 44 % ) more than positively ( 42 % ) , an " ominous sign " for a Clinton campaign heavily dependent on women voters .
Clinton 's lead among white voters overall has also shrunk from 12 percentage points to 8 since early March , another bad sign for Clinton and further evidence that the Wright controversy has had little if any lasting ill effect on Obama .
As WSJ observes , " the negativity of the Obama - Clinton contest seems to be hurting Sen. Clinton more , " noting that 52 % of respondents said Clinton " does n't have the background or values they identify with " in comparison to 39 % for Obama .
A new California poll also released today shows declining support for Clinton in the nation 's largest state , severely weakening Clinton 's own " big state " argument for winning the nomination as well as Clinton backer Evan Bayh 's suggestion this week that the nominee should be selected using the number of electoral votes the candidates have " acquired . "
While Clinton won the Super Tuesday primary in California by an 11 - point margin , today 's numbers show that California Democrats , unaffiliated voters , and voters overall now have a more favorable view of Obama than of Clinton .
While Obama scored a 78 % favorability rating to Clinton 's 74 % among Democrats in California , he scored even greater margins over Clinton among unaffiiated California voters ( 57 % to 35 % ) and California voters overall ( 60 % to 45 % ) .
These numbers suggest that if the primary were held today the result might be somewhat different from that of Super Tuesday , and that in the general election Obama is more likely than Clinton to beat the Republican for California 's 55 electoral votes .
As ABC News suggests , factors contributing to Clinton 's decline following her short - lived March 4 " comeback " may include the perception that she is dishonest , heightened recently by her exaggerated claims of dangers she faced in Bosnia as First Lady .
Even before the flap over Clinton 's exaggerated Bosnia recollections , as ABC observes , poll numbers released March 16 showed that only 44 % Americans considered her " honest and trustworthy , " compared to 63 % for Obama .
The release of Clinton 's White House schedule on March 19 , which likewise contradicted claims made by Clinton regarding her years as First Lady , may also have contributed to her recent decline in favorability .
Far from the full disclosure demanded by the Obama campaign and others , Clinton 's schedule seems only to have raised the volume on calls for disclosure of more White House papers , the Clinton tax returns , and list of donors to the Clinton Presidential Library in Little Rock .
As the revelation of further facts collides with the fictions put out by the Clinton campaign , her favorability ratings seem likely to continue dropping .
Men , you can last longer .
For years , I silently battled premature ejaculation and test - drove every bizarre remedy I stumbled upon .
Follow these exercises that finally worked for me .
1. Master masturbation
Masturbate with a woman 's orgasm in mind , not your own .
In other words , take your time : Work up to 15 minutes .
Bring yourself close to the point of no return , but do n't let yourself ejaculate until time is up .
Related : The Benefits of Masturbation
2. Squeeze
If you 're overheating during masturbation or sex , stop and squeeze right below the head of your penis .
Apply firm pressure with your thumb and forefinger and focus the pressure on the urethra — the tube running along the underside of the penis .
The squeeze technique , developed by those icons of sex therapy , Masters and Johnson , pushes blood out of the penis and momentarily decreases sexual tension and represses the ejaculatory response .
3. Pinpoint ejaculatory inevitability
Masters and Johnson broke the process of sexual response into four phases : excitement , plateau , orgasm , and resolution .
It 's the plateau and orgasm phases we 're most concerned with , as most men crash through the former , straight into the latter .
Related : The Best Sex Toys
The trick is to slow down and recognize that there 's a spectrum of feelings throughout the process of sexual response and to recognize your own point of ejaculatory inevitability .
Rate your sexual excitement on a scale of 1 to 10 .
Try keeping yourself at 7 .
By the way , these stimulants from the Men's Health store can help you not only last longer , but build more stamina in the bedroom .
4. Sexercise
Do your Kegels .
A Kegel is an exercise that helps tighten the pubococcygeal ( PC ) muscles of the pelvic floor .
Both men and women have them , and you can become familiar with the muscle group by cutting off the flow of urine and then starting and stopping it repeatedly .
( Begin with a full bladder . )
Once you have the exercise down , practice your Kegels anywhere : at your desk , behind the wheel .
Tighten your PC muscles and hold for a count of 10 , then release .
Practice in sets of 10 .
Stronger PC muscles will help you exercise ejaculatory control when you approach the point of inevitability .
5 . Press , do n't thrust
Tease her , taunt her :
Press the head of your penis into her clitoral head .
Linger in her vaginal entrance , where the most sensitive nerve endings are .
When you do have intercourse , focus on small , shallow movements that penetrate the first 2 to 3 inches of her vaginal canal .
Press your penis against her G - spot .
You 'll last longer if you 're not thrusting vigorously .
6 . Show a little courtesy
Ladies first , gentlemen — and I 'm talking about more than just holding the door open .
Keep your woman happy .
Women have an innate capacity to experience multiple orgasms .
When you help her to her first one , it relieves you of some of the pressure to please and the psychological anxiety that feeds into PE .
Use your fingers ; use your mouth .
Do n't know how ?
Follow our Ultimate Guide to Oral Sex .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Earth and Moon Viewer
and Solar System Explorer
Welcome to Earth and Moon Viewer and Solar System Explorer .
Viewing the Earth
You can view either a map of the Earth showing the day and night regions at this moment , or view the Earth from the Sun , the Moon , the night side of the Earth , above any location on the planet specified by latitude , longitude and altitude , from a satellite in Earth orbit , or above various cities around the globe .
Images can be generated based on a full - colour image of the Earth by day and night , a topographical map of the Earth , up - to - date weather satellite imagery , or a composite image of cloud cover superimposed on a map of the Earth , a colour composite which shows clouds , land and sea temperatures , and ice , or the global distribution of water vapour .
Expert mode allows you additional control over the generation of the image .
You can compose a custom request with frequently - used parameters and save it as a bookmark item in your browser .
Please consult the Details for additional information and answers to frequently - asked questions .
Viewing the Moon
In addition to the Earth , you can also view the Moon from the Earth , Sun , night side , above named formations on the lunar surface .
or as a map showing day and night .
You can also make expert and custom images of the Moon .
A related document compares the appearance of the Moon at perigee and apogee , including an interactive Perigee and Apogee Calculator .
Viewing Solar System Bodies
You can view a variety of solar system objects whose surfaces have been imaged by spacecraft .
For some objects , a variety of imagery is available and can be selected from the control panel .
Day and night are not shown for solar system bodies because the ability to calculate the Sun 's apparent position from them is not implemented .
You can view Mercury ; Venus ; Mars and its moons Phobos and Deimos ; the asteroids Ceres and Vesta ; and Pluto and its moon Charon .
You can view named features on any of the bodies named above .
The Earth and Moon Viewer would have been enormously more difficult to implement without the help of the software and imagery mentioned in the credits .
Related Software on this Site
Windows users can create images like this in real time , on their own machines , as well as view the sky , stars at the horizon , the solar system , orbits of asteroids and comets , and more with Home Planet , my public domain Earth / Space / Sky simulator available for your downloading pleasure .
Other public domain astronomy and space software available from the same site includes :
All of these packages and more can be located from my home page .
by John Walker
The project is already up and running in the US and is now being extended to other countries , starting in the UK .
In the US some contributors are already earning thousands of dollars each month from their films , according to the video - sharing site .
The amount that is earned will depend on the number and popularity of the videos , it said .
Creating stars
Those signing up to the YouTube Partner Programme , as it is called , will be offered a share of the revenue generated from advertisements that run next to their video .
YouTube is not disclosing the exact details of the scheme , but does say that those making " several thousand dollars a month " are regularly producing videos with over one million views .
" The more videos you have and the more popular your stuff is , the more money you are going to make , " said a spokesman for the site .
One of singer Tay Zonday 's videos had 14 m hilts
The first wave of US partners - including singer / songwriter Tay Zonday , wordsmith hotforwords and comedians apauledtv and peteandbrian - have already become responsible for a significant percentage of YouTube 's total traffic , according to the site .
Tay Zonday 's song " Chocolate Rain " has enjoyed 14 m clicks to date , spawned over 1,000 response videos and seen him flown to Canada and Germany to mark YouTube 's local launches in those territories .
Drinks brand Dr Pepper have based a product around it and made Tay the star of a glossy ad to promote it .
In the UK , among those waiting to sign up is GiR2007 , a computer scientist whose most popular video ' Pancakes ' has generated 2.5 m clicks to date .
While Nerimon is already a YouTube star on the back of his so - called 5 - fact Vlog Tag game which swept YouTube late last year .
The game involves users sharing five facts about themselves in a video and alerting five other members to the post .
Those five members then make a video and so on .
Nerimon now has a 10,000 strong gang of followers .
Growing business
British member Jimmy0010 has more modest fan base .
But the Midlands - based blogger takes it as a compliment that YouTube values his channel enough to have adverts .
Nerimon kick - started a popular YouTube game
" It 's just an added incentive really for me to push myself and make videos to my best ability , he said .
" Obviously it 's a fantastic hobby , but having people offer me money helps me make them a bit better . "
Increasingly social networks and user - generated content sites are offering people a chance to make money for the content they create .
" As people are spending more time on such sites they are increasingly thinking about how to monetise it , " said Alex Burmaster , analyst with research firm Nielsen Online .
" It is at a small level at the moment but if you are putting something on YouTube that is generating traffic for them perhaps it is only fair that you get a cut of it , " he said .
However he suspects the first YouTube millionaire is still a long way off .
" It is very hard to generate a lot of income from it and it would have to something pretty amazing to make a lot of money , " he said .
YouTube hopes to expand the Partner Programme to the rest of Europe soon .
At that time , the office had already issued a broad , classified opinion declaring the president ’s surveillance powers in the abstract in wartime , but it had not weighed in on the legality or the specifics of the N.S.A. operation , officials said .
The nervousness among Justice Department officials led the administration to secure a formal opinion from John Yoo , a deputy in the Office of Legal Counsel , declaring that the president ’s wartime powers allowed him to order the N.S.A. to intercept international communication of terror suspects without a standard court warrant .
The opinion itself remains classified and has not been made public .
It was apparently written in late 2001 or early 2002 , but it was revised in 2004 by a new cast of senior lawyers at the Justice Department , who found the earlier opinion incomplete and somewhat shoddy , leaving out important case law on presidential powers .
Mr. Yoo declined to discuss the issue .
Even after the final legal opinions were written , lawyers at the National Security Agency were not allowed to see them , officials said .
Justice Department officials declined to comment for this article , saying that they would not discuss internal deliberations on a classified program .
The White House also declined to comment .
The White House is now at an impasse with the House of Representatives over Mr. Bush ’s efforts to secure broader spy powers for the N.S.A. as well as retroactive immunity for the phone companies that helped in the warrantless wiretapping program .
The Senate has agreed to give immunity , but the House has refused .
Talks will begin anew this week when Congress returns from a two - week break .
In the past , the White House has said there was widespread agreement among administration officials about the president ’s authority to order warrantless surveillance inside the United States .
Former Attorney General Alberto R. Gonzales told Congress that there was never any disagreement within the administration over the issue .
After it was disclosed that senior Justice Department officials had threatened to resign over aspects of the program in 2004 , lawmakers attacked the truthfulness of Mr. Gonzales ’s remarks , and the inspector general ’s office is now reviewing his remarks as well .
In public comments of his own in 2006 , Gen. Michael Hayden , who ran the N.S.A. at the start of the surveillance program and now heads the Central Intelligence Agency , recounted going to three lawyers at the security agency separately at the start of the eavesdropping program to get their legal opinions about it .
All agreed that the president was within his powers to authorize the program , Mr. Hayden said .
N.S.A. was “ good to go , ” he said he concluded .
At the insistence of Vice President Dick Cheney , knowledge of the program was restricted to a tight circle of top officials and Congressional briefings were unusually limited .
But several current and former officials involved in the program said they believed the intense secrecy was to blame for much of the early nervousness among other senior officials who had integral roles in intelligence operations yet were not allowed to know the full details of what was happening .
Sen .
Chris
Dodd spoke out against immunity for the telecoms on the Senate floor Monday night as they prepare to vote on the new FISA bill today and quoted our pal , Glenn Greenwald .
( rough transcript )
Dodd :
And the idea that this body would grant retroactive immunity in the face of these challenges and deny the courts an opportunity to determine at the mere request of a president .... the major companies for years on end can sweep up --- vacuum up to use the Church committees language , every telephone conversation , every fax , every email of millions and millions of Americans is a precedent I do n't think we would want to have left as part of our heritage in coming generations .
And believe me they will look back to us ... Constitutional lawyer and author Glenn Greenwald expressed the high stakes this way , Mr. President and I quote :
Steht Donald Trump vor der Pleite ?
Die New York Times erhielt Einblick in Trumps Steuererklärungen der letzten Jahre .
Er zahlte keine oder fast keine Einkommenssteuer .
Der Coup kam gezielt vor dem Fernsehduell am Dienstag
In a host of neurological diseases , including multiple sclerosis ( MS ) and several neuropathies , the protective covering surrounding the nerves – an insulating material called myelin – is damaged .
Scientists at the Weizmann Institute of Science have now discovered an important new line of communication between nervous system cells that is crucial to the development of myelinated nerves – a discovery that may aid in restoring the normal function of the affected nerve fibers .
Nerve cells ( neurons ) have long , thin extensions called axons that can reach up to a meter and or more in length .
Often , these extensions are covered by myelin , which is formed by a group of specialized cells called glia .
Glial cells revolve around the axon , laying down the myelin sheath in segments , leaving small nodes of exposed nerve in between .
More than just protection for the delicate axons , the myelin covering allows nerve signals to jump instantaneously between nodes , making the transfer of these signals quick and efficient .
When myelin is missing or damaged , the nerve signals can’t skip properly down the axons , leading to abnormal function of the affected nerve and often to its degeneration .
In research published recently in Nature Neuroscience , Weizmann Institute scientists Prof. Elior Peles , graduate student Ivo Spiegel , and their colleagues in the Molecular Cell Biology Department and in the United States , have now provided a vital insight into the mechanism by which glial cells recognize and myelinate axons .
How do the glial cells and the axon coordinate this process "
The Weizmann Institute team found a pair of proteins that pass messages from axons to glial cells .
These proteins , called Necl1 and Necl4 , belong to a larger family of cell adhesion molecules , so called because they sit on the outer membranes of cells and help them to stick together .
Peles and his team discovered that even when removed from their cells , Necl1 , normally found on the axon surface , and Necl4 , which is found on the glial cell membrane , adhere tightly together .
When these molecules are in their natural places , they not only create physical contact between axon and glial cell , but also serve to transfer signals to the cell interior , initiating changes needed to undertake myelination .
The scientists found that production of Necl4 in the glial cells rises when they come into close contact with an unmyelinated axon , and as the process of myelination begins .
They observed that if Necl4 is absent in the glial cells , or if they blocked the attachment of Necl4 to Necl1 , the axons that were contacted by glial cells did not myelinate .
In the same time period , myelin wrapping was already well underway around most of the axons in the control group .
“ What we ’ve discovered is a completely new means of communication between these nervous system cells , ” says Peles .
“ The drugs now used to treat MS and other degenerative diseases in which myelin is affected can only slow the disease , but not stop or cure it .
Today , we ca n’t reverse the nerve damage caused by these disorders .
But if we can understand the mechanisms that control the process of wrapping the axons by their protective sheath , we might be able to recreate that process in patients . ”
Source : American Committee for the Weizmann Institute of Science
Explore further Researchers discover new path to neuron regeneration after spinal cord injury
Lists banning books have always been popular , so it is only appropriate that I include a list of them here .
This is a list of the top 15 banned books which have great literary value .
I recommend that you obtain a copy of any you have n’t read as they are all excellent .
15 Ulysses , James Joyce
Ulysses chronicles the passage through Dublin by its main character , Leopold Bloom , during an ordinary day , June 16 , 1904 .
The title alludes to the hero of Homer ’s Odyssey ( Latinised into Ulysses ) , and there are many parallels , both implicit and explicit , between the two works ( e.g. , the correspondences between Leopold Bloom and Odysseus , Molly Bloom and Penelope , and Stephen Dedalus and Telemachus ) .
“ Given its long history of censorship , ULYSSES has rarely been selected for
high school libraries . ” — Judith Krug , director , Office for Intellectual
Freedom , American Library Association , 1986 .
Ulysses at Amazon
Love books ?
Treat yourself with the Puffin Classics 16 Book Set at Amazon.com !
14 The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn , Mark Twain
Advertisement
The book is noted for its innocent young protagonist , its colorful description of people and places along the Mississippi River , and its sober and often scathing look at entrenched attitudes , particularly racism , of the time .
The drifting journey of Huck and his friend Jim , a runaway slave , down the Mississippi River on their raft may be one of the most enduring images of escape and freedom in all of American literature .
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn at Amazon
13 Candide , Voltaire
Candide tells the tale of its naive eponymous protagonist , taught to believe in Leibnizian optimism .
Candide undergoes a series of extraordinary hardships which constitute the satire .
The plot is a similar to that of a picaresque novel or a bildungsroman , for it parodies many adventure and romance cliches .
Candide , Voltaire ’s magnum opus , is widely considered to be one of the most significant works of the Western canon , and it is thus often included on lists of most influential or greatest books .
Candide at Amazon
12 Brave New World , Aldous Huxley
he world the novel describes is a utopia , albeit an ironic one : humanity is carefree , healthy and technologically advanced .
Warfare and poverty have been eliminated and everyone is permanently happy .
The irony is that all of these things have been achieved by eliminating many things that humans consider to be central to their identity — family , culture , art , literature , science , religion , and philosophy .
It is also a hedonistic society , deriving pleasure from promiscuous sex and drug use , especially the use of soma , a powerful drug taken to escape pain and bad memories through hallucinatory fantasies .
Additionally , stability has been achieved and is maintained via deliberately engineered and rigidly enforced social stratification .
Brave New World at Amazon
11 Ninteen Eighty - Four , George Orwell
Ninteen Eighty - Four tells the story of Winston Smith , and his degradation by the totalitarian state in which he lives .
Along with Aldous Huxley ’s Brave New World and Ray Bradbury ’s Fahrenheit 451 , it is among the most famous and cited dystopias in literature .
Its terminology and its author have become bywords when discussing privacy and state - security issues .
The term “ Orwellian ” has come to describe actions or organizations reminiscent of the totalitarian society depicted in the novel , and the phrase “ Big Brother is watching you ” has come to mean any act of surveillance that is perceived as invasive .
Nineteen Eighty - Four at Amazon
10 The Catcher in the Rye , J. D. Salinger
The novel ’s protagonist , Holden Caulfield , has become an icon for teenage alienation and fear .
Written in the first person , The Catcher in the Rye follows Holden ’s experiences in New York City in the days following his expulsion from Pencey Prep , a college preparatory school .
The novel remains controversial to this day for its liberal use of profanity and portrayal of sexuality and teenage angst ; it was the thirteenth most frequently challenged book of the 1990s according to the American Library Association .
The Catcher in the Rye at Amazon
9 Of Mice and Men , John Steinbeck
The name for the book is an ironic literary allusion to the problems of the main characters , at the same time making reference to an episode in the story in which one physically powerful but developmentally disabled character accidentally kills a mouse while trying to pet it , foreshadowing a manslaughter which will later happen in the same way .
Steinbeck wrote this book , along with The Grapes of Wrath , in what is now Monte Sereno , California , in his home at 16250 Greenwood Lane .
Steinbeck ’s dog ate an early manuscript of the novel .
Of Mice and Men at Amazon
8 Slaughterhouse - Five , Kurt Vonnegut
A disoriented and ill - trained American soldier named Billy Pilgrim is captured by German soldiers and is forced to live in a makeshift prison , the deep cellars of a disused slaughterhouse in the city of Dresden .
Billy has become “ unstuck in time ” for unexplained reasons ( though it ’s hinted towards the end that his surviving a plane crash left him with mild brain damage ) so he randomly and repeatedly visits different parts of his life , including his death .
He meets , and is later kidnapped by , aliens from the planet Tralfamadore , who exhibit him in a Tralfamadorian zoo with Montana Wildhack , a pornographic movie star .
The Tralfamadorians see in four dimensions , the fourth dimension being time .
Tralfamadorians have seen every instant of their lives already ; they cannot choose to change anything about their fate , but can choose to focus on any moment in their lives that they wish .
Slaughterhouse - Five at Amazon
7 Uncle Tom ’s Cabin , Harriet B. Stowe
Uncle Tom ’s Cabin ; or , Life Among the Lowly is an anti-slavery novel by American author Harriet Beecher Stowe .
Published in 1852 , the novel had a profound effect on attitudes toward African Americans and slavery in the United States , so much so in the latter case that the novel intensified the sectional conflict leading to the American Civil War .
Uncle Tom ’s Cabin at Amazon
6 Lord of the Flies , William Golding
Lord of the Flies is an allegorical novel by Nobel Prize - winning author William Golding .
It discusses how civility created by man fails and how man shall always turn to savagery , using the allegory of a group of school children trapped on a desert island who attempt to govern themselves and fail disastrously .
Its stances on the already controversial subjects of human nature and individual welfare versus the common good earned it position 70 on the American Library Association ’s list of the 100 most frequently challenged Books of 1990 – 2000 .
Lord of the Flies at Amazon
5 A Clockwork Orange , Anthony Burgess
A Clockwork Orange is written in first person perspective from a seemingly biased and unreliable source .
Alex never justifies his actions in the narration , giving a good sense that he is somewhat sincere ; a narrator who , as unlikeable as he may attempt to seem , evokes pity from the reader through the telling of his unending suffering , and later through his realization that the cycle will never end .
Alex ’s perspective is effective in that the way that he describes events is easy to relate to , even if the situations themselves are not .
He uses words that are common in speech , as well as Nadsat , the speech of the younger generation .
A Clockwork Orange at Amazon
Or buy the controversial film adaptation from Stanley Kubrick : A Clockwork Orange at Amazon.com !
4 The Grapes of Wrath , John Steinbeck
The Grapes of Wrath is set during the Great Depression , the novel focuses on a poor family of sharecroppers , the Joads , driven from their home by drought , economic hardship , and changes in the agriculture industry .
In a nearly hopeless situation , they set out for California along with thousands of other “ Okies ” in search of land , jobs , and dignity .
The novel is meant to emphasize the need for cooperative , as opposed to individualistic , solutions to social problems brought about by the mechanization of agriculture and the Dust Bowl drought .
The Grapes of Wrath at Amazon
3 The Scarlet Letter , Nathaniel Hawthorne
The Scarlet Letter is set in Puritan New England ( specifically Boston ) in the seventeenth century , it tells the story of Hester Prynne , who gives birth after committing adultery , refuses to name the father , and struggles to create a new life of repentance and dignity .
Throughout , Hawthorne explores the issues of grace , legalism , and guilt .
The Scarlet Letter at Amazon
2 Catch - 22 , Joseph Heller
This novel follows Captain John Yossarian , a U.S. Army Air Forces B - 25 bombardier , and a number of other characters .
Most events occur while the airmen of the Fighting 256th ( or “ two to the fighting eighth power ” ) Squadron are based on the island of Pianosa , west of Italy .
Many events in the book are repeatedly described from differing points of view , so the reader learns more about the event from each iteration .
The narrative also describes events out of sequence , and furthermore the events are referred to as if the reader already knows all about them .
Catch - 22 at Amazon
1 The Crucible , Arthur Miller
The Crucible is a 1952 play by Arthur Miller .
Based on the events surrounding the 1692 witch trials of Salem , Massachusetts , Miller used that event as an allegory for McCarthyism and the Red Scare , which was a period of time in which Americans were in fear of communism and the government blacklisted accused communists .
The Red Scare occurred in the United States in the 1950s .
Miller himself was questioned by the House Committee on Un- American Activities in 1956 .
The Crucible at Amazon
+ The Bible , Martin Luther Edition
Upon publication , the edition of the Bible made by Martin Luther was placed on the Index of Forbidden Books .
You can read the full 1559 edition of the Index here .
It was issued by the Roman Office of the Inquisition .
It also includes the Talmud and the Koran .
The 1948 edition is here .
The Bible at Amazon
Technorati Tags : Books , literature
The Sydney city skyline and Harbour Bridge are seen with its lights switched off during Earth Hour in Sydney March 31 , 2007 .
As many as 30 million people are tipped to switch off lights and televisions around the world to help fight climate change with 24 cities joining Earth Hour on March 29 , environment group WWF said on Wednesday .
REUTERS / Ed Giles
CANBERRA ( Reuters ) -
As many as 30 million people are tipped to switch off lights and televisions around the world to help fight climate change with 24 cities joining Earth Hour on March 29 , environment group WWF said on Wednesday .
Following last year ’s Earth Hour in Australia , where 2.2 million Sydneysiders powered - down for an hour , cities including Atlanta , San Francisco , Bangkok , Ottawa , Dublin , Vancouver , Montreal and Phoenix have also signed on , WWF said .
They joined Copenhagen and Aarhus , Manila , Fiji ’s capital Suva , Chicago , Tel Aviv , Christchurch , Toronto , Odense and Aalborg , as well as major Australian cities including Melbourne , Perth , Brisbane and the national capital Canberra .
“ If we see the same participation levels around the globe that we did in Sydney , then we can anticipate more than 30 million people involved , ” said Andy Ridley , Earth Hour ’s executive director .
Earth
Hour asks residents in participating cities to switch off lights and non-essential electrical items for one hour at 8 p.m. to raise awareness of carbon emissions that scientists blame for causing global warming .
During last year ’s Sydney event , restaurants used candles and lights were turned off in homes and major landmarks , including the Opera House and the Harbour Bridge .
This year , Ridley said , other iconic buildings to be plunged into darkness would include San Francisco ’s Golden Gate Bridge , Chicago ’s Sears Tower and Soldier Field Stadium football ground , as well as the 553 - metre CN Tower in Toronto .
“ Climate change is a truly global issue and people around the world are demanding action , ” he said .
During last year ’s Earth Hour in Sydney , essential lights were kept on for safety reasons , including street lights .
Power provider Energy Australia said the event cut electricity consumption by 10.2 percent .
A woman stands among the bookshelves in the main reading room of The New York Public Library , December 14 , 2004 .
REUTERS / Mike Segar
HELSINKI ( Reuters ) - A Finnish library - goer apparently thought ‘ better late than never ’ and quietly returned a book on loan for more than 100 years to a library in Vantaa , in southern Finland .
The library had long since lost track of the loan but welcomed back to its collections the bound copy of a 1902 volume of Vartija , an active religious monthly periodical at the time .
“ We are unclear when exactly it was borrowed and who returned it .
There were n’t any documents with it , ” librarian Minna Saastamoinen told Reuters .
“ There is an old note attached to the book which says there is a fine of 10 pennies a week for late returns , ” she added .
The library sticker inside the cover , and the old - fashioned handwriting on it , showed the book was last officially loaned out at the beginning of the last century , she said .
Finland is known for a comprehensive library network with more than 900 libraries for its 5.3 million inhabitants .
In 2006 , each Finn on average visited a library 11 times and borrowed nearly 20 books .
The periodical was borrowed such a long time ago that the Korso branch of the Vantaa library , where the tome was finally handed in , did not even exist when the book was borrowed .
Britons were seduced by government propaganda films
By Lisa Matthews
BBC Timewatch
After World War II many Britons were sold the dream of a new life in Australia , seduced by a fare of just £ 10 .
Over one - and - half million went , but what became of the Ten Pound Poms ?
For young newlyweds John and Sylvia Cannon " it seemed like an amazing adventure for the price " .
John , now 68 , worked as a sales clerk for a car company in London 's East End and like most working class Britons , they could never have afforded the real cost of the voyage .
At £ 120 it was nearly half of John 's yearly wage .
Like many others they were seduced by government propaganda films in glorious technicolour , which sold the dream of a modern British way of life in the sun .
The Cannons bought land in Australia for £ 700
The couple leaving
It was a chance to escape post - war rationing and a housing shortage .
Australia was sold as a land of boundless opportunity .
In the first year alone 400,000 Britons applied to migrate .
Australia desperately wanted white British stock to populate its shores and build its burgeoning post - war economy .
The racist law , known as The White Australia Policy , meant blacks or Asians need not apply .
Britain was more than happy to oblige , helping to populate the Commonwealth with Britons .
Beginning in 1947 , it was one of the largest planned mass migrations of the 20th Century .
Some were transported in refitted troop ships .
But John and Sylvia , who left for Australia in 1961 , were among the lucky ones and found themselves on one of the P&O liners equipped with swimming pools , luxury cabins and more food than they could possibly eat .
Boomerang Poms Kathleen Upton from Hastings , who left for her new life in 1954 , also sailed on one .
She had never seen anything like it .
" The food , I could n't believe it , " she says .
" We were on rations in London and there was so much and such tropical fruits . "
The " catch " of the Ten Pound contract meant that migrants had to stay for at least two years or pay back the full fare .
In truth , many had little idea of what they were in for .
The Uptons tried sheep farming
When the ship made its first port of call in western Australia , the honeymoon was soon over for Sylvia Cannon , now 68 .
" I remember going into Perth and walking through the main street .
I stopped and asked someone where the centre was and I could n't believe I 'd come right through it .
It was just such a backwater . "
Many migrants without savings were housed in Nissen huts - former Army barracks - and were appalled by the conditions , feeling they had been misled .
Some refused to get jobs , instead deciding to sit out the two years till they could return home .
They were quickly labelled whinging Poms by the Australian media .
" I remember John and I saying look , we can't get involved in this because it 's going to pull us down , it 's going to depress us , " says Sylvia .
" We made a conscious decision that we would n't become overly friendly with the other migrants in the hostel and we'd get out as soon as we could . "
Resentment
They moved to Melbourne to find work .
There was plenty of opportunity , for women as well as men , and they both got jobs , with Sylvia bringing home the bigger wage .
They saved hard and bought their first block of land for £ 700 just nine months after arriving .
" That was a tremendous thing to East End of London kids , because you never had that possibility at home , " says Sylvia .
But others were not so happy and the home sickness had serious consequences .
Maisie McDonald 's mother had a nervous breakdown because she missed Britain so much and spent time in a hospital , but the family could not afford to return .
Australia was a land of opportunity for the Cannons " That was sort of the beginning of when I grew up and I think then I started to dislike Australia because of what had happened to my mum .
She was not happy and if mum was not happy , I was not happy . "
Her family all remained in Australia and Maisie and her sibling ended up marrying and having families .
But to this day she says she never really " feels Australian " .
Kathleen , now in her late 80s , and her husband had moved to Australia partly because of their young daughter 's asthma , but they too were soon having second thoughts .
" Our first impression was they were n't very welcoming , " she says .
" I think they resented us very , very much .
This shipload of people coming out from Europe would be taking their jobs . "
Like many British immigrants - 20 % according to one survey - they tried their hand at life in the bush .
They took up sheep farming but a drought ended up killing many of their flock .
They lasted just over two years but still had to find the £ 300 fare home .
Reinvention " It was an experience that we would n't have missed , " says Kathleen .
" I think it teaches you so much about life and what your own resources are .
I think it made me grow up with a bang .
But I do n't miss the insects . "
Even John and Sylvia were having second thoughts , and after five years in Australia they too decided to return to Britain .
In all 250,000 migrants ended up heading home .
Yet almost half of those who returned , soon decided they had made a mistake and ended up going back to Australia .
They became known as the Boomerang Poms .
Families lived in former Army barracks
After just a year back in London the couple decided they too had made the wrong decision and headed back to Australia and this time it was for good .
Britain alone could never supply enough migrants for Australia 's needs .
During the 60s , Australia was forced to open its door to other races , gradually abandoning the White Australia Policy .
The Ten Pound Scheme finally came to an end in 1982 .
But it had already left its mark on Australia in the form of more than a million Britons who had stayed , and the country had left its mark on them .
For the Cannons the move was life changing in many ways .
Australia offered Sylvia the chance of reinvention .
She decided to go back into education and is now a qualified psychotherapist with her own practice .
John followed his wife to university and became a psychologist .
Freedom
" In the early days in England if you were n't educated it kept you in the plateau that you were born in , " says Sylvia .
" But I came here and there was no class consciousness , so I could be whoever I wanted to be and develop how I wanted to develop and that was a tremendous freedom .
" I would never have become a psychotherapist if I 'd stayed in England .
I did n't even know what the word meant . "
The couple have raised three children in their adopted home , who are " thoroughly Australian " , and now have eight grandchildren .
They say they feel more Australian now than British .
As for Australian culture , Sylvia sums it up .
" I loved the fact that they always used your name when they spoke to you .
English people did n't do that . "
Timewatch : The Ten Pound Poms will be broadcast on Saturday , 2 February at 2010 GMT on BBC Two .
The programme was made by Essential Viewing Group .
Add your comments on this story , using the form below .
My parents emigrated on the £ 10 scheme back in 1963 to Adelaide in South Australia .
I was six years old then and I could never thank my parents enough for giving me the best childhood imaginable .
We stayed there until 1971 , when my mother became homesick for her mother so we came back to England .
My years in Australia remain the best of my life , it was an incredible experience , mostly because of the lifestyle .
Also going round the world by ship .
I would go back tomorrow if I could only afford to .
Nikki , Carmarthen , Wales I am product of the Ten pound poms .
Parents left the north of England in the late 60s from Lancashire when the mining industry was in decline .
We had a great life and I am very grateful for being born in Australia .
Do n't ask me why I am living in the UK - I have become a boomerang Aussie
Mike Priest , Warrington Uk
My parents were £ 10 poms .
We moved onto NZ from Australia where I was raised .
My parents were uneducated people but happily had 7 kids all of whom went to university ( free ) in NZ and elsewhere .
As I recall family life in NZ we were very happy and my parents never expressed any desire to return to England .
I also recall my parents description of post war England , little opportunity , class based discrimination and hard life .
Oddly enough I now live in London because of the wonderful education I received in NZ which qualified me to the point where I can enjoy the best of professional life here in the UK , which I might add I love and will never return to live in NZ .
Martin , London
My husband , new baby and I emigrated in 1970 at a cost of £ 10 , ( some of the last to do so ) , for a new beginning to escape the Irish bombings , etc at that time .
As above the grass is never greener .
A great experience , but homesickness and lonliness took hold .
Australia is a man 's country , especially then .
We returned in 1976 older and wiser !
Pat Charman , Lymimngton UK
I was so very nearly one of the £ 10 poms .
When I was a baby , my father had a job offer from Broken Hill and we were going to go but my mother decided that leaving everything and everyone she knew behind was not for her .
I often wonder how life would have turned out if things had been different .
Stephen Jones , Pontypridd , UK I was 10 years old and the eldest of four children when my family emigrated to Australia in 1960 .
My father was a teacher and had already secured a job in Tasmania .
We travelled on the Italian cruise liner Fairsea which was a wonderful experience for us children though not so good for Mum - she was in one cabin with the four children whilst my father had to go to another deck sharing with other men .
We spent only a couple of days in the migrant camp in Melbourne before starting our new life in Tasmania .
Although the job failed to materialise ( the new headmaster decided he did not want to employ any Pommie teachers ) my father found another teaching job .
We had a wonderful life there - if you are prepared to work hard there is still plenty of opportunity .
Those who did n't last long ( and we met several in the early days ) tended to be those reluctant to make an effort , expecting things to be handed to them on a plate .
My father died last year in Tasmania at the age of 91 and to the end of his days would be fond of saying that it was the best £ 10 he had ever spent .
Tessa Samuelson , Woking , UK I was one of the last of the £ 10 migrants , going over there for what was supposed to be a two - year working holiday in 1969 .
I was 21 .
The only qualifications you need were to speak English , have white skin and pass a TB test .
I returned to England in 2006 , primarily for family reasons .
If I could have afforded it , I would have returned before the initial two years were up .
Initial impressions were not good .
But after two years I returned to England for a vacation and then realised how much my values and attitudes had changed .
And when I returned to Sydney I took out Aussie citizenship .
Australia offered me education and work opportunities that were just not available to me in London at the time .
And Aussies have a very healthy life style and attitude to life that at first I tolerated , then grew into and now I just love .
And whilst England today is so different to the England that I left ( thank goodness ! )
I 'll still end up back in Australia .
Phil Cockell , Norwich England ( p! reviously Sydney )
Me and my family emigrated to Melbourne in 1965 .
Within 3 days of our arrival , my mother said she wanted to return home !
Being a child , I got used to it fairly quickly but the relocation did have negative effect on my two teenage siblings .
After two and a half years of hard work , living in a Nissen hut , getting hepatitis infections because of the bad sanitation , my parents saved enough to come home and restart their life .
Later on I found one of the reasons for returning was my parents fear that my oldest brother might be conscripted in to the Vietnam war that Australia was getting involved with at the time .
Gerry Murray , Glasgow , UK
My family and myself are just 12 days away from emigrating to Australia .
Pity we did n't have the opportunity to go for just £ 10 as it has cost a lot more than that .
We are looking forward to new opportunities but are realistic that it takes a lot more than that .
Gail Little , Galston , Ayrshire , Scotland Most Britons still seem to have that clichéd image of Australia as the sunny English - speaking land of boundless opportunity .
I am an Australian who has lived in Europe ( mainly UK ) since 1992 .
I am constantly asked in incredulous tones " why ? " do I live over here ?
Britons need to stop being so depressed about living in the UK , which is a great place to live , and realise that the grass only looks greener on the other side .
If you want to emigrate to Oz , think insects , hellish humidity and weeks of stifling heat , monoculture , isolation ; you need to be prepared for these things .
My advice is to do your homework before emigrating anywhere , there is good and bad in any place .
This story is testament to the fact that however " nice " it appears to be out there , a lot of people come back unhappy and homesick and have burned their financial bridges in the UK in the process .
Graeme , Redditch , UK Can you imagine the same deal today ?
England would be empty , with the occasional tumbleweed floating by !
Mel , Bristol , UK Name
Your e-mail address
Town / city and country
Your comment
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
A POINT OF VIEW
By David Cannadine
Caucuses and primaries pick who will run for president
Why does the United States , champion of democracy , have a drawn - out presidential electoral system that is a far cry from the " one vote for all " principle ?
As the Iowa caucuses and the impending New Hampshire primary remind us , there 's one prediction that can be ventured with almost absolute certainty : in early November 2008 , the United States will have selected its next president .
This must be so , because in the aftermath of Franklin Roosevelt 's unprecedented four electoral triumphs , the Senate passed a constitutional amendment in 1947 , prohibiting any future president from serving more than two full terms in the White House .
So George W Bush can not stand for re-election again .
And not only will he not be running again , nor will his deputy Dick Cheney , who does n't wish to gain the presidency himself .
Which means there 'll be neither an incumbent president nor an incumbent vice - president seeking re-election this autumn - something that has n't happened in the US for more than half a century .
But when I say that it 's almost certain that the US will have selected a new president this November , I choose my words with particular care .
For while it 's virtually assured that this will happen , neither the outcome nor the timing can be guaranteed .
The Supreme Court had the final say after the Florida recount in 2000
The presidential election of 2000 took place , as required by the constitution , early in November ; but for weeks , the result remained in doubt , and George W Bush was not declared the winner until early January 2001 , nearly two months later .
And I did n't say that the American people will elect their president , because collectively they do no such thing : for the popular ballot in each state is converted into a delegated franchise in an institution called the Electoral College , and it's the members of the college , whose numbers reflect the combined representation of each state in both houses of Congress , who actually vote for one or other of the candidates .
Because of the uneven distribution of the US population , this means a presidential contender can actually lose the popular vote across the whole nation , but can still win the Electoral College , as George Bush himself did in 2000 , and as Benjamin Harrison did in 1888 , and as Rutherford B Hayes had done 12 years before that .
Democracy , with strings
The US may have good reason to pride itself on being the world 's oldest continually functioning democracy , and spreading freedom around the world has been one of George Bush 's most cherished ( and most thwarted ) ambitions .
The founding fathers built in checks and balances to prevent democracy from getting out of hand
Hear Radio 4's A Point of View
But it 's certainly not a democracy in the sense that most of us would understand that term , when it comes to selecting - rather than electing - a president , and it was never intended that it should be .
When the founding fathers created their constitution , in the aftermath of the American War of Independence , they sought to modify the prevailing revolutionary and libertarian mood by building in checks and balances to prevent democracy from getting out of hand .
One way of doing this was to require that senators should be elected to Congress for six years , thereby rendering them free of popular pressure for most of their turn .
Another was to create the Electoral College , which meant that the president would be chosen indirectly rather than by the American people as a whole .
From this side of the Atlantic , these roundabout and arcane processes of choosing a leader seem mildly reminiscent of electing the Holy Roman emperor in medieval and early modern Europe , and of the way in which popes are still decided on by the College of Cardinals to this day .
And even if everything turns out to be consistent and straightforward , in terms of both the popular mandate and the electoral college vote , then the successful presidential candidate , whoever he - or she - may be , does n't take office immediately , in the way that one prime minister can instantly succeed another after a general election in Britain , as Tony Blair did when he ousted John Major from 10 Downing Street on 1 May 1997 .
Who 's in charge Instead , there 'll be a period of what is known as transition , lasting until the third week of January , when the new president will be inaugurated and finally take up residence in the White House .
Roosevelt addressing congress
Ten weeks may seem a long time for such a handover ; but until Franklin Roosevelt 's day , this transition went at an even more leisurely pace .
Roosevelt was elected in November 1932 , but he was n't inaugurated until March 1933 .
It was only with his re-election four years later that the inauguration was brought forward to the following January - in so doing , Roosevelt established a precedent that has been followed by all US presidents since .
When John F Kennedy was inaugurated in January 1961 , he observed that such state ceremonials , taking place in Washington on the steps of the Capitol , and surrounded by the great and the good , were not so much a victory of a political party as a celebration of national freedom .
Yet this was scarcely the whole truth of things , since Kennedy 's presidential triumph was also a significant party triumph for the Democrats , and the voting irregularities which had taken place in Mayor Daly 's Chicago , and which had helped Kennedy to win the key state of Illinois , were scarcely consistent with the claim that Americans were a free people , or that theirs was an unfettered democracy .
And Kennedy neglected to mention something that may have been self - evident on his side of the Atlantic , but which was n't at all obvious here : that the inauguration of a new president is more akin to the British coronation of a new head of state than to a general election which may result in a new prime minister .
How it all began for JFK
However partisan and divisive the election campaign may have been , the president is expected , on taking office , to rise above such sectional interests , and get beyond such partisan bickering , and to assume the august mantle of national leader , embodying and personifying the goodness and the greatness of the American people as a whole .
This in turn helps explain why White House scandals are so riveting yet so traumatic for the US political classes and for the American people .
As politicians seeking the highest office , presidential candidates may be uninspiring , fallible , wayward , even corrupt human beings ; yet once they are inaugurated , they are expected to shed these mortal shortcomings and moral imperfections , and to be transformed into exemplary national paragons .
That was what made the Watergate affair and the ensuing destruction and disgrace of Richard Nixon so wrenching for so many Americans : it was not so much as if the then British prime minister , Edward Heath , had been caught trying to subvert the constitution , but rather as if Queen Elizabeth II herself had been found out doing something equally dreadful .
Imagine the ensuing trauma , with Her Majesty forced to abdicate and to go into exile , as had been the case with her uncle , King Edward VIII , when he renounced the throne in 1936 .
That conveys some sense of what it meant to Americans to see their president resign in disgrace .
Dignified and efficient
One of the ways in which the American presidency is unusual is that it combines both the ceremonial and the executive functions of national leadership - functions which , here in Britain , are divided between the monarch ( as head of state ) and the prime minister ( as chief executive ) .
Ceremonial duties fall to the monarch in the UK
In the middle of the 19th Century , Walter Bagehot , who for much of his life was a journalist on the staff of The Economist , and who had a fine flair for a memorable phrase , drew attention to this contrast by noting the distinction between what he described as the " dignified " and the " efficient " elements of the British constitution .
The " dignified " part was , of course , the monarch ( with some help from the royal family and the House of Lords ) .
The " efficient " part was the prime minister ( along with the cabinet and the House of Commons ) .
No doubt Bagehot over - simplified , but it was an arresting formulation , it has ( if anything ) become more true since his own time , and it describes a way of doing things which has been widely replicated elsewhere in British life , whereas it is relatively rare in the US .
Here is one obvious contrast : British universities have both a chancellor , who dresses up for degree days , and a vice - chancellor , who actually runs the place .
In US universities , both jobs are performed by the same person who , once again , is known as the president .
Here is another : while British museums and galleries and foundations tend to have both a chairman of trustees and also a director who is the chief administrator , both jobs tend to be combined in the US in the person ( surprise surprise ) of the president .
So , to put it in Bagehot 's terms , while our monarch is expected to be dignified , and our prime minister is supposed to be efficient , American presidents are required to be both dignified and efficient at the same time , and so , by extension , are American presidential candidates .
I wonder by which of these two very different attributes the inhabitants of Iowa and New Hampshire have been more impressed in recent weeks ?
Below is a selection of your comments .
A very concise and well written article .
I sadly find that to understand what is happening in my country , I am increasingly compelled to read articles authored by citizens of other countries .
On the matter of electing the president : the Electoral College has always been a confusing and contentious issue .
Essentially , only the politicians want to maintain it .
The average citizen must be continually reminded that there is such an institution as the Electoral College .
We are all told that we have a vote and that it counts .
Then someone explains the workings of the Electoral College and confusion sets in as one realizes that his or her vote may not really count at all .
For example , here in California , whichever party gets the most popular votes gets all of the Electoral College votes .
Since the Democratic Party is in the majority here , the Democratic candidate gets all of the Electoral College votes .
As a Republican , my vote is meaningless .
If 40 percent of California voters are Republican , 40 percent of the Electoral College votes should be Republican .
As the world knows , this is not case and even our wildly popular Governor , Arnold Schwarzenegger , has been unable to change it .
As mentioned in the article , it is rather ironic ( and embarrassing ) that we ( the US ) push democractic ideals so forcefully on others and yet have this glaring deficiency ourselves that we seem unable to correct .
Jon Meyer , Long Beach , California
While the US may champion ' democracy , ' the fact is that the US is a representative republic and not a true democracy .
To be more precise , it is a constitutional republic .
Bill , Florida , USA
That was a very nice unbiased article .
I live in Wyoming , the least populated state in the US with only 522,000 people and I can tell you that this is a nice safeguard to have .
Yes , we do have two Senators for our population just as California with its almost 38,000,000 people has only two as well .
But the checks and balances of this equation is that Wyoming has only one Representative whereas California has 53 .
Roughly one - third of our 300,000,000 people live in just 4 of the 50 states : California , Texas , Flordia , and New York .
In a so - called " true democracy " one - vote , one person that would amount to nationalized hegemonic power of 4 states over the other 46 .
The US , as you mentioned , is so vast and unevenly populated , and so diverse economically , politically , and socially that you cannot put the hands of power in the 4 largest states .
Is it a perfect system ?
Of course it is n't .
Is there anything better ?
If there were I would hope that it would have become self - evident after more than 200 years .
On a side note I would have liked to seen mention that there are two states , namely Maine and Nebraska ( 2 more small states ) that do not give all Electoral Votes to one candidate .
The split them porportionally .
Maybe I have answered my own question ....
May this be the answer if the other 48 states adopted this approach ?
Clay , Casper , WY Well said , there are a lot of us over here who realize how absurd things are on this side of the Atlantic .
Mitchell Strabala , Eugene , Oregon , US I am a soon - to - be graduate of the University of Illinois at Chicago .
I would like to comment on the second - to - last paragraph regarding US universities .
Yes , there is a president and board of trustees , and alongside them ( at UIC ) work a chancellor and several vice chancellors ( vc of student affairs ... of research ) .
The vice chancellors ' roles within the school could also be seen as the more " efficient " , or " hands - on " , when compared to the roles of chancellor and president .
Since it is such a large and diverse school , the role of a president alone would not suffice .
George , Chicago , Illinois
Since you are so fond of comparing Britain and America , why do n't you point out that Britain 's electoral system to some degree mimics the American one in that it is a first - past - the - post one ?
In the 2005 election , Labour received 35.3 % of the popular vote , barely one - third , yet it holds a majority of the seats and consequently its leader holds executive power .
Surely a presidential vote share of 51 % ( or even Bill Clinton 's 43 % in 1992 ) is more democratic ?
CW , Hong Kong
I definitely agree that it is ironic that our country is trying to tout democracy abroad when we do n't even have a democracy at home .
Even if we abolish the Electoral College and use the national popular vote , it is still possible for the winner to receive a plurality and not the majority , because we do not use voting methods like Instant Runoff Voting like many countries have adopted .
Edward Chow , San Jose , CA , USA
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Tags
[ The Lou Church Memorial Lecture in Religion and Economics at the 2008 Austrian Scholars Conference at the Mises Institute .
An MP3 audio version of this talk is available for download .
You can see the video here . ]
The concept of the just price is the basis of a great deal of erroneous economic thought that permeates our supposedly free market , capitalistic society .
Laws regarding usury , loan sharking , price gouging , ticket scalping , dumping , profiteering , equal pay , price discrimination , predatory pricing and lending , product bundling , and antitrust — these are all prime examples of this fallacious way of thinking .
Opinions expressed on these practices , and things like pay for supermodels , executives , actors , and athletes , as well as nebulous concepts of fairness , are likewise predicated on just price theory — regardless of whether the opinionist has any concept of basic economics or has ever even heard of just price theory .
Regulations establishing price ceilings , price floors , a minimum wage , a living wage , a family wage , rent control , government subsidies , price supports , and in many cases tariffs , also result from the pursuit of the just price .
The term just price is customarily disguised with a euphemism .
So , just like SCHIP , Medicare , and Medicaid are never called socialized medicine , and just like refundable tax credits are never referred to as income transfer programs , attempts to establish a just price are usually cloaked in terms of market failure remedies or consumer protection laws .
The mention of just price theory either invokes a blank stare , or , in the case of those familiar with the term , the dismissal of the notion as a discredited medieval religious doctrine .
All myths , of course , are not created equal .
For instance :
The use of the term just price is very different from another widely held myth — that of the just war .
The principle of the just war underlies our protracted war in Iraq , as well as our global crusade against terrorism .
In its essence , the doctrine concerns the use of force : when force should be used and what kind of force is acceptable .
Although many would now argue that the war in Iraq does not meet the criteria for a just war , they fully accept the concept as legitimate .
In fact , it is the norm rather than the exception when discussions about the war turn to just war theory .
Americans who do n't view themselves as particularly religious , as well as those who have never studied the finer points of theology and do n't generally participate in theological discussions , have suddenly taken to cloaking their positions with the rhetoric of just war theory .
But aside from the knowledge and usage of the terms , there are some important philosophical differences between the concepts of the just price and the just war .
There are many individuals who recognize the myth of the just price , yet believe to the contrary about the just war .
The former is viewed as detrimental to the operation of free market capitalism , while the latter is held up as a model for warfare .
A more significant distinction is simply and bluntly this :
Although full implementation in society of the concept of the just price might result in economic hardship , the loss of liberties , and a command economy , acquiescence in just one point of just war theory might result in the deaths of thousands of people .
I do n't suppose there is anything I write and speak about with more fervor than the biblical , economic , and political fallacies of religious people .
Whether it is Christian support for victimless crimes , educational vouchers , the military , preemptive war , or the pseudo - Christianity and faith - based socialism of President Bush , I have always tried to declare " the whole counsel of God " and destroy Christian reliance in and defense of the state .
As anyone knows who is familiar with my rewrites from a warmonger perspective of Psalm Twenty - three , the Beatitudes , and the Lord 's Prayer , I have always taken a radically biblical approach to debunking religious fallacies and dethroning the great god-State .
And since there is no reason to stop now , I can therefore passionately say about my subject that , in the absence of fraud , not only is any price agreed upon between a willing buyer and a willing seller the just price , that alone is what makes it the just price .
It is my desire in this talk not only to break the myth of the just price , but to present the biblical case for laissez - faire .
But why the biblical case ?
Truth is truth , is it not ?
" Two plus two equals four " is true whether written by an apostle on a parchment or a teacher on a chalkboard .
Agreed .
But because the concept of the just price has religious overtones , it is essential that the biblical case be made .
And not only that , for the Christian the Scripture not only contains truth , it is truth .
The Bible is our final authority in all matters — secular and sacred — not the natural law , not denominational creeds , not the decisions of church councils , not papal encyclicals , and not Human Action , however highly Christians regard — and rightly so — the economic thought of Ludwig von Mises .
The clarion call for the Christian is " Thus saith the Lord , " not theological treatises , not confessions of faith , not religious traditions , not a system of philosophy , and not " Thus saith Man , Economy , and State , " however much Christians are indebted to Murray Rothbard for deepening our understanding of the potential of the free market and the perniciousness of state intervention into that market .
The Biblical Concept of Justness
The concept of justness is a biblical one : God sends rain " on the just and on the unjust " [ 1 ] ;
Christ died for our sins , " the just for the unjust " [ 2 ] ; there will be " a resurrection of the dead , both of the just and unjust . " [ 3 ]
Now , the expression just price is nowhere to be found in the Scriptures .
This ipso facto does not , of course , mean that the concept should be dismissed out of hand .
After all , the word trinity is not in the Bible either .
The Scripture does have some general principles as to when something is just and to what needs to be done justly .
For instance : A just man does what is " lawful and right , " [ 4 ] judgment and rule are to be done justly , [ 5 ] servants are entitled to what is " just and equal , " [ 6 ] and we should follow that which is " altogether just . " [ 7 ]
Although there are numerous references in the Bible to things being sold ( houses , land , animals , people , food ) , there is generally no mention of what the items were sold for .
Twice each we read of an item being sold for " full price , " [ 8 ] the price of an object being above rubies , [ 9 ] and something being " of great price . " [ 10 ]
There are only a few references to a specific price paid for something , the most well - known examples being Esau selling his birthright for " one morsel of meat " [ 11 ] and Judas betraying the Lord for thirty pieces of silver . [ 12 ]
Although the Scripture does n't speak of a " just price , " we do read of a " just weight " four times , [ 13 ] a " just measure " five times , [ 14 ] and a " just balance " two times . [ 15 ]
In fact , it even says in the Book of Proverbs that " a false balance is abomination to the LORD : but a just weight is his delight . " [ 16 ]
Since following what is " altogether just " would apply to our commercial transactions , the absence of fraud would be essential for the price of any commodity to be said to be just .
But one will search the Scriptures in vain for any other concept of what constitutes a just price .
The Just Price
Right or wrong , the concept of the just price will forever be associated with the medieval Roman Catholic philosopher and theologian Thomas Aquinas .
Born about 1225 , Aquinas is universally acknowledged as the greatest theologian of the Catholic Church .
In his great summary of theology , the Summa Theologica , Aquinas discusses the concept of the just price in the section in his " Treatise on Prudence and Justice " called " Of Cheating , Which Is Committed in Buying and Selling . "
As Rothbard and others before and after him have pointed out , Aquinas equated the just price , as did the Romanists , Canonists , and theologians that preceded him , with the common market price established by the " common estimation " [ 17 ] of buyers and sellers .
However , as Rothbard explains : " Unfortunately , in discussing the just price , St Thomas stored up great trouble for the future by being vague about what precisely the just price is supposed to be . " [ 18 ]
The just price could not , in fact , be determined with precision .
Indeed , it might even lie within a certain range and vary according to circumstances .
The idea that there is a just price in a monetary economic exchange is not just a medieval phenomenon .
It is perhaps almost as old as commercial activity itself .
The concept has been found recorded in ancient Babylonian inscriptions . [ 19 ]
This should come as no surprise , for since the beginning of time there has been no shortage of people who thought it was their business to mind everyone else 's business .
This is especially true of government bureaucrats who , in the name of serving the public interest and protecting the economically disadvantaged , violently intervene in the free market .
Aristotle 's erroneous concept of equal value in a commercial exchange not only contributed to centuries of muddled economic thinking ; it was revived and employed " as a philosophical justification for the medieval doctrine of the just price . " [ 20 ]
One reason for the focus throughout history on the price paid by a buyer in an exchange was the unwarranted suspicion of merchants and mercantile activity .
Aristotle , like his teacher Plato , disdained moneymaking , labor , commerce , and especially retail trade .
Many of the early Church Fathers regarded greed to be the basis of commerce .
Immoral means were considered the rule rather than the exception when it came to commercial activities .
One party 's gain in a transaction was thought to only be achieved by another party 's loss .
These ideas continued into the Middle Ages — the positive attitude toward the merchant of the great Church Father Augustine notwithstanding .
Two ecclesiastical formulas overshadowed the profession of medieval merchants : " He who buys cheap in order to sell dear , seeks shameful profit , " and " It is difficult among buyers and sellers not to fall into sin . " [ 21 ]
Under Roman law , the price in a transaction was determined solely by the interaction of buyer and seller .
Exception was only made for a minor who had been mistaken .
Under the Justinian Code there were certain instances , such as the sale of land , where protection was accorded , not to the buyer , but to the seller , if the land was sold for less than half its value .
Laissez - faire in transactions was the norm .
Since all men wished to buy cheap and sell dear , it was expected that buyer and seller would each try to outwit the other .
Fraud , of course , was not tolerated from either party .
Unfortunately , the Roman legacy of freedom of bargaining was sometimes augmented in the Middle Ages by some erroneous ideas .
Frowned upon were buying and selling for gain , speculative transactions , buying goods and selling them for profit without improvements , selling goods at a price higher than their purchase without necessity , and price increases on credit sales because it was considered to be concealed usury , which was " universally prohibited and defined in the broadest terms . " [ 22 ]
Distinctions were made between what was allowed in the commercial transactions of the laity and clergy .
In addition to the market price , the just price could also be the price " fixed by governments or government - privileged guilds . " [ 23 ]
There were , however , two viewpoints that were decidedly in the minority .
One , that the just price was only that beyond labor and expenses that enabled the seller to maintain his social status .
And two , that the just price was the cost of production plus compensation for labor and risk incurred .
The former has inaccurately been taken as typical of the scholastic doctrine of the just price ; [ 24 ] the latter has given rise to the labor theory of value of Smith , Ricardo , and Marx .
It should be pointed out that medieval discussions of labor , expenses , risk , and profit were generally for the purpose of justifying mercantile profits rather than determining just prices .
Like his predecessors , Aquinas maintained the necessity of a just price in every transaction .
In examining his teaching as a whole , we see a number of principles :
The merchant performs a valuable service
The merchant can conduct business without sinning
Buying and selling are to the advantage of both parties
Misrepresenting the condition of goods in a sale is fraud
Price is influenced by changes in supply and demand
Price can vary according to location
Price can vary according to time
Price is a function of utility
The just price is an estimate , and cannot be fixed with mathematical precision
The just price is the current market price
Price should represent the true value of goods
It is this last concept that sends Aquinas off course .
Instead of considering value as purely subjective , he maintained that " if either the price exceed the quantity of the thing 's worth , or , conversely , the thing exceed the price , there is no longer the equality of justice : and consequently , to sell a thing for more than its worth , or to buy it for less than its worth , is in itself unjust and unlawful . " [ 25 ]
A seller who " has received more than he ought must make compensation to him that has suffered loss , if the loss be considerable . " [ 26 ]
Just as " no man wishes to buy a thing for more than its worth " so " no man should sell a thing to another man for more than its worth . " [ 27 ]
To his credit , Aquinas prescribed neither the authorities by whom nor the means by which any deviation from the just price was to be enforced .
He never explicitly called for any state action other than the establishing of weights and measures . [ 28 ]
And lest my Catholic friends feel that I am picking on them , I should say that Luther challenged neither the notion of intrinsic value nor the immorality of taking interest .
For Catholics in particular , I wholeheartedly recommend The Church and the Market : A Catholic Defense of the Free Economy , by the Mises Institute 's Tom Woods .
It would be left to the Thomistic Spanish Scholastics of the sixteenth - century to emphasize that there was no objective way of determining price .
The jurist Francisco de Vitoria and his disciples in the School of Salamanca maintained that price was simply based on supply and demand , without regard to labor costs or expenses .
The inefficiency of producers , the misfortune of speculators , and any other negative consequences of incompetence or bad luck were to be borne by sellers and buyers alike .
Even the seller of luxuries , superfluities , and frivolities could , in the absence of " fraud , deceit , or coercion , " [ 29 ] accept any price that a buyer was willing to pay .
Contrary to Jean Gerson , chancellor of the University of Paris , who had earlier " suggested that price fixing be extended to all commodities , on the ground that no one should presume to be wiser than the lawmaker , " [ 30 ] followers of the School of Salamanca like Martin Azpilcueta and Luis de Molina " opposed all price regulation because it was unnecessary in times of plenty and ineffective or harmful in times of dearth . " [ 31 ]
Interventionism
To say that these ideas were neglected is a colossal understatement .
The history of economic thought is the history of the attempt by special interest groups and government nannies to set or regulate prices of goods and services .
Here we are four hundred years later in the United States of America — that great bastion of capitalism and free markets — and what do we see ?
We see nothing but interventionism , which , as Mises reminds us , " is a method for the transformation of capitalism into socialism by a series of successive steps . " [ 32 ]
Here are some examples .
The Minimum Wage
Congress recently raised the federal minimum wage because , in its infinite wisdom , it decided that the just price for labor was a minimum of $ 5.85 an hour .
However , Congress has already decided that its just price for labor will be unjust on July 24th of this year , necessitating a new minimum wage of $ 6.55 an hour .
And with econometric precision , that figure has already been decreed to be unjust on July 24th of next year , and rise again to $ 7.25 an hour .
One does not have to be an economist to see the detrimental effects of minimum - wage legislation .
It is an undeniable fact that businesses ' labor costs will increase .
This will result in profits decreasing unless the increased costs can be offset by raising prices .
If this is not possible , then a business is forced to either go out of business or live with a lower profit margin .
But it is not just businesses that are harmed by minimum - wage legislation .
Because the minimum wage raises employment barriers for the unskilled and uneducated , it causes unemployment .
And even more important than the economic case against the minimum wage is the fact that minimum - wage laws violate freedom of contract .
They infringe the right of an employer and an employee to make whatever wage agreement they choose .
Minimum - wage laws also foster the notion that the government is responsible for our well - being and prosperity .
Sugar Price Supports
Congress has worked overtime to ensure that US sugar producers receive a just price for their sugar .
With the exception of a brief four - year period at the end of the nineteenth century , the United States has maintained import duties on all imported sugar since 1798 .
Since their reimposition in 1894 , these tariffs have been in place for the sole purpose of propping up the domestic sugar industry .
The combination of low import quotas , high tariffs , marketing allotments , high support prices , and access to nonrecourse loans makes sugar processing in the United States a sweet deal .
The result of all this is an artificially high price for sugar — two to four times the price of sugar sold on the world market .
Under the nonrecourse loan program , if the government - manipulated market price of sugar drops below the set loan rate of $ 0.18 / lb for cane sugar or $ 0.22 / lb for beet sugar , then processors can forfeit their sugar as loan repayment .
The gang of thieves in Congress who accept $ 2 to $ 3 million in bribes each congressional election from their sugar daddies in the sugar industry are costing American consumers hundreds of millions of dollars a year through higher prices on not just sugar , but anything made with sugar .
The taxpayers are also getting screwed when nonrecourse loans are repaid in sugar , which then must be stored and disposed of .
But why stop with sugar ?
Why not bacon and eggs or liver and onions ?
Are n't producers of these items entitled to a just price for their goods ?
Why the special protection for sugar ?
Is sugar essential to national security ?
Price Gouging
Price - gouging laws are predicated on the fallacy that there is a just price for every good and service , and even more so during bad weather or some government - declared state of emergency .
The US House passed the Federal Price Gouging Prevention
Act last year . [ 33 ]
This proposed law would make it " unlawful during a period proclaimed by the President as an energy emergency to sell gasoline or any other petroleum distillate at a price that : ( 1 ) is unconscionably excessive ; or ( 2 ) indicates the seller is taking unfair advantage of the circumstances of an emergency to increase prices unreasonably . "
According to the statutes of my state ( Florida ) :
It is unlawful during a state of emergency declared by the governor " for a person or her or his agent or employee to rent or sell or offer to rent or sell at an unconscionable price within the area for which the state of emergency is declared , any essential commodity including , but not limited to , supplies , services , provisions , or equipment that is necessary for consumption or use as a direct result of the emergency . " [ 34 ]
And how does the state of Florida determine that a price is unconscionable ?
Simple .
According to Florida statutes , Title 33 , Chap .
501 , Sec. 160 :
The amount charged represents a gross disparity between the price of the commodity or rental or lease of any dwelling unit or self - storage facility that is the subject of the offer or transaction and the average price at which that commodity or dwelling unit or self - storage facility was rented , leased , sold , or offered for rent or sale in the usual course of business during the 30 days immediately prior to a declaration of a state of emergency , and the increase in the amount charged is not attributable to additional costs incurred in connection with the rental or sale of the commodity or rental or lease of any dwelling unit or self - storage facility , or national or international market trends ; or the amount charged grossly exceeds the average price at which the same or similar commodity was readily obtainable in the trade area during the 30 days immediately prior to a declaration of a state of emergency , and the increase in the amount charged is not attributable to additional costs incurred in connection with the rental or sale of the commodity or rental or lease of any dwelling unit or self - storage facility , or national or international market trends . [ 35 ]
I have been accused of using long sentences in some of my articles , but that was a 196 - word sentence .
But if you thought that it would be okay for someone to help a Floridian during a state of emergency by offering him goods and services at a lower than market price , then think again .
It is a crime in Florida to offer goods and services for sale to the public during an emergency unless one possesses a Florida business license .
But it gets worse .
There can be price gouging when no state of emergency exists .
The US Department of Energy maintains a website [ 36 ] with a " Gas Price Watch Reporting Form . "
Because the Department of Energy is " very concerned about the impact of gasoline prices on American families , " it is working , not only to address " supply issues , " but also to " make sure American families are being treated fairly . "
So , if you know nothing about supply and demand , refinery capacity , gasoline futures , world surplus production capacity , and the price of a barrel of crude oil , but believe there may be price gouging , you are instructed by the Energy Department to " contact your local authorities and fill out the form below . "
Anyone with any economic sense knows that price gouging is nothing more than charging what the market will bear .
Price - gouging laws violate the property rights of resource owners , they hinder the price system 's signaling ability , they contribute to the misallocation of resources , and they cause shortages .
Dumping
Antidumping laws are among the most illogical attempts by governments to maintain a just price for a good because , rather than being concerned with protecting the consumer from high prices , antidumping laws punish foreign producers for daring to offer to consumers low prices .
So , in the eyes of government economists , the just price of a good might actually be a price higher than someone is willing to pay .
A foreign manufacturer is normally accused of dumping when the price of a product it exports to another country is below the product 's cost of production or the price it charges for the product in its own country .
Antidumping laws are even more insidious than the dubious concept of predatory pricing .
A foreign firm can be charged with dumping , and have to pay antidumping duties , for the crime of trying to compete in the US marketplace .
Antidumping laws are not designed to protect the public , they are designed to product domestic producers from foreign competition .
They are merely another form of protectionism to ensure that selected US firms receive just prices for their goods .
And who decides what constitutes these just prices ?
Why , the firms do , along with any congressmen they can bribe or otherwise convince .
Since many tariffs are gradually being reduced or eliminated , antidumping laws allow countries to preach free trade while practicing protectionism .
Like the removal of tariffs and the practice of real free trade ( as opposed to government - managed trade ) , the elimination of antidumping laws results in increased competition , which leads to lower prices for consumers , more efficient production methods , and more innovation .
Usury
Nothing in history has resulted in more attempts by governments to establish a just price than the question of usury .
Ethically , usury is an exorbitant interest rate .
Legally , usury is an illegal interest rate .
But in what is now viewed as its archaic or obsolete sense , usury is simply the price of interest charged on a loan for the lack of use of the money and the risk of loss .
Thus , we have this artificial distinction between usury and interest .
Beginning with the fourth - century prohibition against the clergy charging interest on a loan , usury of any kind was almost universally condemned throughout the Middle Ages .
The charging of interest on a loan came to be viewed as theft .
Not surprisingly , usurers — that is , moneylenders — were despised .
In Dante 's The Divine Comedy , he has usurers in the seventh circle of hell along with blasphemers and sodomites .
Aquinas , unfortunately , in spite of the " inner contradictions " [ 37 ] in his treatment of usury , contributed greatly to the " irrationality " and " arrant nonsense " [ 38 ] that characterized medieval usury doctrine .
The distinction between usury and interest arose because of the attempt to circumvent the medieval condemnation of usury .
As Rothbard explains : " Jurists and theologians had to engage in ingenious and artful twists in reasoning in order to make exceptions from the prohibition and to accommodate the growing practice of lending money and charging interest on a loan . " [ 39 ]
Although Luther shared the scholastic aversion to taking usury , the French reformer John Calvin is often credited with releasing the world from the shackles of medieval usury .
Calvin , however , was no Claudius Salmasius , a Dutch Calvinist of the seventeenth century who has " the honor of putting the final boot to the usury prohibition . " [ 40 ]
Calvin tempered his acceptance of taking usury with some qualifications : usury should n't be taken from the poor , no one should engage in usury as his form of occupation , usury should be practiced with equity and charity .
The problem with Calvin 's latter condition is obvious : what rate of interest is equitable and charitable ?
In other words :
What is the just price of borrowed money ?
And once a just interest rate is determined , who is to regulate its enforcement ?
Why , the state , of course .
That 's why there was a ceiling on interest rates in Calvin 's Geneva .
And that 's why all of the fifty states regulate interest rates in the twenty - first century .
To say that usury is a complicated area of law is a tremendous understatement .
The laws vary widely from state to state .
According to Florida statutes :
It shall be usury and unlawful for any person , or for any agent , officer , or other representative of any person , to reserve , charge , or take for any loan , advance of money , line of credit , forbearance to enforce the collection of any sum of money , or other obligation a rate of interest greater than the equivalent of 18 percent per annum simple interest . [ 41 ]
Although the state of Florida does n't actually know what the just price for borrowed money should be , it claims to know that the maximum rate of interest that can be charged is 18 percent .
An increase in this amount by the slightest percent would render the rate unjust and subject the lender to criminal penalties .
And what is the basis of this rate ?
It is not based on the prime rate , federal funds rate , the discount rate , or the LIBOR rate .
It is not based on the rate of US treasury bonds , notes , or bills .
It is not based on the market rate .
It is not even based on some historical average .
The maximum rate is 18 percent because lawyers , economists , and legislators in the employ of the state of Florida say so , that 's why .
Yet , if one crosses the border into Alabama , the rate drops to 8 percent .
What is just in Alabama is unjust in Florida .
The case against usury laws has been made for hundreds of years .
In Great Britain , Jeremy Bentham penned a defense of usury back in 1796 in which he made the sane proposition that
no man of ripe years and of sound mind , acting freely , and with his eyes open , ought to be hindered , with a view to his advantage , from making such bargain , in the way of obtaining money , as he thinks fit : nor , ( what is a necessary consequence ) any body hindered from supplying him , upon any terms he thinks proper to accede to . [ 42 ]
The American poet William Cullen Bryant wrote a powerful critique of usury laws back in 1836 .
Here he points out what the authors of the Community Reinvestment
Act should have realized :
There is an intrinsic and obvious difference between borrowers , which not only justifies but absolutely demands , on the part of a prudent man disposed to relieve the wants of applicants , a very different rate of interest .
Two persons can hardly present them selves in precisely equal circumstances to solicit a loan .
One man is cautious ; another is rash .
One is a close calculator , sober in his views , and unexcitable in his temperament ; another is visionary and enthusiastic .
One has tangible security to offer ; another nothing but airy one of a promise .
Who shall say that to lend money to these several persons is worth in each case an equal premium ? [ 43 ]
And as Rothbard has pointed out , moneylending is a business in the market like any other business : " If the number of usurers multiplies , the price of money or interest will be driven down by the competition .
So that if one does n't like high interest rates , the more usurers the better ! " [ 44 ]
The State
I have maintained that , in the absence of fraud — not in the absence of ignorance , laziness , greed , or stupidity — not only is any price agreed upon between a willing buyer and a willing seller the just price , that alone is what makes it the just price .
A just price for an item does not exist independently of a transaction between buyer and seller .
It is both impossible and immoral for any governmental body to institute , regulate , control , or recommend what is a just price .
It is impossible because the state is not omniscient ; it is immoral because the state has no authority to intervene in the market .
Even if it were possible to establish the just price of goods and services outside of a market transaction , no governmental agency or regulatory body , even with the army of economists in the employ of the US government that is now 4,800 strong , is capable of determining what that just price should be .
It simply can't be done — unless , of course , we want to ascribe omniscience to the state .
And as Mises explains : " Once price control is declared a task of government , an indefinite number of price ceilings must be fixed and many of them must , with changing conditions , be altered again and again . " [ 45 ]
Okay , says the nonbeliever in state omniscience , but the state is still smarter than the citizenry .
The masses need consumer protection , lest they enter into unregulated and unmonitored unjust exchanges .
We need the state to watch out for us and prevent us from entering into these unjust exchanges , or at least warning us aforetime or informing us afterward .
True , people voluntarily engage in these unjust exchanges , but they do n't realize that they are unjust .
Now I see the light :
The state is not a god , it is just a nanny .
But the state is some nanny .
It is the only nanny that forces you to hire her .
It is the only nanny that moonlights as a policeman to the world .
It is the only nanny that employs coercion , compulsion , threats , fines , and imprisonment .
This brings up the question of the role of the state .
I have maintained that it would be immoral for the state to intervene in the market .
In the natural order of things , it is normal to engage in commerce with whomever and regarding whatever one desires .
Why should it be considered criminal if your neighbor forcibly interferes with your buying , selling , renting , leasing , borrowing , and lending , but benevolent if the government does it ?
The purpose of government is supposed to be to protect life , liberty , and property .
And as one of the anti-Federalists stated : " For any government to do more than this is impossible , and every one that falls short of it is defective . " [ 46 ]
If there is such a thing as a just price , then the extent to which it influences one 's pricing decisions should be a function of religion , ethics , and morality — not a function of law .
I will even grant that it might be immoral under certain circumstances to charge a particular price .
But that does n't mean that it should be illegal .
Vices are not crimes .
Saying that the just price is a moral imperative is one thing , but making it a legal device is something else that opens up the deadly can of worms of government intervention that can never be closed .
The separation of market and state is just as important as separation of church and state .
The Biblical Case for Laissez - faire
There are two reasons why I must present the biblical case for laissez - faire .
The first I have already mentioned : the Scripture is the Christian 's authority , not a particular school of economics .
The second reason is a very distressing one : the economic views of the typical Christian economist parallel that of Karl Marx and John Maynard Keynes .
The inequality of wealth is a particular problem for all three individuals .
Here is Marx in his Das Kapital :
In proportion as capital accumulates , the lot of the labourer , be his payment high or low , must grow worse … .
Accumulation of wealth at one pole is at the same time accumulation of misery , agony of toil , slavery , ignorance , brutality , mental degradation at the opposite pole . [ 47 ]
Here is Keynes in his General Theory :
The outstanding faults of the economic society in which we live are its failure to provide full employment and its arbitrary and inequitable distribution of wealth and incomes . [ 48 ]
But here is Robert L. White , a Christian , in Biblical Economics : Economic Myths versus Biblical Values , published just a couple of years ago :
The working of the market economy over the last 20 years has resulted in increasing inequalities , persistent poverty , chronic unemployment , and more persons without health insurance . [ 49 ]
These increasing inequalities are " far beyond what could be considered fair and just according to historical standards . " [ 50 ]
White holds master 's degrees in economics and divinity , and has worked as both a pastor and an economist .
He was actually one of those 4,800 government economists I mentioned previously .
I hope that White 's Gospel preaching was more biblical than his economic pronouncements .
Here is some more of White 's " biblical economics " :
If some have too much and others have too little , the answer from the Bible is that nobody should have too much and nobody should have too little .
Everyone should have enough . [ 51 ]
There is enough to go around so long as each of us takes only what each person needs . [ 52 ]
The concept of fairness is that people are obligated to give back in proportion to what they have received . [ 53 ]
Social justice requires that a just society be characterized by a continual improvement in the prospects of the least advantaged . [ 54 ]
There is no theoretical or empirical reason to expect all of society 's economic objectives to be met systematically by the market .
In other words , justice , equity , and fairness cannot be assumed to occur automatically , and therefore need to be intentional goals and objectives in the realm of public policy . [ 55 ]
According to White , the free - market economy is an " idol . " [ 56 ]
There is a cultural war waging " between the prevailing ' free - market ' ideology and biblical values . " [ 57 ]
Today's " prevailing economic ideology " promotes " greed and consumerism over the common good . " [ 58 ]
The lesson we are supposed to receive from Jesus ' feeding of the multitudes is that " if bread is broken and shared , there will be enough for all . " [ 59 ]
Because he believes that " the rich have been getting richer and the poor poorer , " [ 60 ]
White deplores reductions in tax rates . [ 61 ]
He rightly decries increased defense spending , but only because it diverts the funding of social programs . [ 62 ]
He favors national health care and environmentalism . [ 63 ]
He is also very concerned about global warming and greenhouse gas emissions . [ 64 ]
In short , he rejects laissez - faire in favor of government intervention .
White , of course , is not alone .
When noted Christian economist Donald Hay proposed eight biblical principles relating to contemporary economic life , he not only specifically excluded private property rights , [ 65 ] he also stated that " the government should not hesitate to use the traditional tax and transfer mechanisms to ensure that those without the means to acquire the basic necessities of life are provided for . " [ 66 ]
But White is typical .
His trinity is the state , the earth , and social justice .
He is a statist through and through .
Contrary to White , I believe that the whole spirit of the New Testament is one of laissez - faire .
By laissez - faire I mean no government intervention — no protectionism , no granting of privileges , no redistribution of wealth , no antipoverty programs , no unemployment programs , no subsidies , no price fixing , no regulation , no antitrust laws , no labor legislation , no central planning , no nanny state .
Thus , a laissez - faire economic system encompasses free markets , the free price system , free trade , entrepreneurship , consumer sovereignty , private charity , private ownership , private means of production , private property , private goods , private initiative , private innovation , freedom of contract , freedom of choice , individual responsibility , as well as the risk of loss and the potential for failure .
And as Rothbard explains : " The laissez - faire or free - market doctrine does not assume that everyone always knows his own interest best ; it asserts rather that everyone should have the right to be free to pursue his own interest as he deems best . " [ 67 ]
It is only natural that men have the freedom to be left alone and to do what they will with their own .
Christian statists like Robert White can neither establish nor confirm their position from the New Testament without reading their conception of social justice back into the Bible , applying to the government admonitions given to individuals , and opaquely misreading the Scriptures through interventionist glasses .
Wealth
First of all , we need to reexamine the subject of wealth in the Bible .
We know that there are some negative things said in the Scriptures about riches and rich men .
We are told in the book of Proverbs that " riches profit not in the day of wrath : but righteousness delivereth from death . " [ 68 ]
We read in the book of Luke about the rich man in hell , [ 69 ] the rich man who built greater barns to lay up treasure for himself , [ 70 ] and the rich men who merely cast out of their abundance into the treasury . [ 71 ]
But it is not riches per se that are disparaged in the Bible .
Rather , it is trusting in riches , boasting in riches , coveting riches , or obtaining riches unlawfully .
Some of the greatest men in the Old Testament were also some of the richest .
Men like Abraham , Job , David , Jehoshaphat , Hezekiah , and , of course , King Solomon , who , because he was blessed by God , " passed all the kings of the earth in riches and wisdom . " [ 72 ]
In the New Testament , the man who received the body of Jesus from Pilate and properly buried it in " his own new tomb " [ 73 ] was a rich man , Joseph of Arimathaea . [ 74 ]
The New Testament admonishes the rich , not to become poor , but to " be not highminded , nor trust in uncertain riches , but in the living God , who giveth us richly all things to enjoy ; that they do good , that they be rich in good works , ready to distribute , willing to communicate . " [ 75 ]
And contrary to Marx and the US government 's estate tax , parents ought to lay up for their children , [ 76 ] and " a good man leaveth an inheritance to his children 's children . " [ 77 ]
It is not money itself but the love of money that is vilified in the New Testament .
As Rothbard recognized : " Fulminations against excessive love of money do not necessarily imply hostility to commerce or wealth . " [ 78 ]
Thank God for rich men who use their money wisely .
Many Christian ministries have been funded by wealthy individuals , as has the Mises Institute .
There is no imperative or implication in the New Testament for the state or any individual to seek the redistribution of wealth .
Poverty
Secondly , we likewise need to revisit the subject of poverty .
Neglecting or oppressing the poor is greatly disparaged in the Bible .
We read in the Proverbs :
He that despiseth his neighbour sinneth : but he that hath mercy on the poor , happy is he . [ 79 ]
He that oppresseth the poor reproacheth his Maker : but he that honoureth him hath mercy on the poor . [ 80 ]
However , the idea that individuals , let alone the state , should seek to eradicate poverty is never advanced in the Old or New Testaments .
God told the people of Israel in the Book of Deuteronomy : " For the poor shall never cease out of the land : therefore I command thee , saying , Thou shalt open thine hand wide unto thy brother , to thy poor , and to thy needy , in thy land . " [ 81 ]
There is a similar statement about the poor in the New Testament .
While Jesus was in the town of Bethany before his crucifixion , a woman anointed his head with some costly ointment .
When some of his disciples became indignant because they felt that the ointment could have been sold and given to the poor instead of being wasted , the Lord disagreed and said that the woman had " wrought a good work . " [ 82 ]
But then he added : " For ye have the poor with you always , and whensoever ye will ye may do them good : but me ye have not always . " [ 83 ]
From this we can draw two conclusions .
One is that there are some things more important than supporting the poor .
Christ did not come to eradicate poverty .
Having compassion on the poor is no ticket to heaven .
It might be a ticket to being a successful Democratic Senator , but it wo n't secure you a cool place in the afterlife .
Christians in the New Testament are admonished to do other good deeds besides providing for the poor .
These Christian responsibilities include supporting widows , [ 84 ] loving one 's neighbor as oneself , [ 85 ] doing good to all men , but especially Christians , [ 86 ] distributing to the necessity of the saints , [ 87 ] being hospitable , [ 88 ] looking on the things of others , [ 89 ] being content with food and raiment , [ 90 ] and maintaining good works .
[ 91 ]
It is the individual Christian that is to voluntarily perform these charitable works , not some nanny state that feigns omniscience .
A Christian who fails to perform his responsibilities answers to God , not to the state , and not to any other Christian .
The Bible teaches that " it is more blessed to give than receive , " [ 92 ] but it also teaches individual freedom and individual responsibility .
The second thing is that relief for the poor is voluntary .
Christians in the New Testament are admonished to " remember the poor , " [ 93 ] just as they are instructed to do many other good deeds .
The Apostle Paul records that Christians in Macedonia made " a certain contribution for the poor saints which are at Jerusalem . " [ 94 ]
But what could be more unchristian than to not provide for the needs of the poor out of your own pocket , while you lobby the government to collect money by force from your neighbor to give it to the poor after it is filtered through the federal government 's vast bureaucratic maze ?
The Merchant
Another subject to examine is the nature of the merchant .
Contrary to the unwarranted suspicion of merchants that we find throughout history , including among some sectors of Christianity , the Bible nowhere condemns mercantile activity as an action or a profession .
A virtuous woman is even compared to the merchants ' ships that bring food from afar . [ 95 ]
The Church Father Augustine not only correctly pointed out how merchants " perform a beneficial service by transporting goods over great distances and selling them to the consumer , " but also that deceit and fraud were not endemic to trading .
After all , even " shoemakers and farmers are also capable of lies and perjuries . " [ 96 ]
Christians , of course , are not to lie , cheat , or steal in any of their business transactions . [ 97 ]
They are to walk honestly when it comes to unbelievers , [ 98 ] and provide things honest in the sight of all men . [ 99 ]
Furthermore , they are commanded to not be slothful in business .
[ 100 ]
It is true that those who said " To day or to morrow we will go into such a city , and continue there a year , and buy and sell , and get gain " [ 101 ] were condemned , but this is only because they were boasting and did n't add : " If the Lord will , we shall live , and do this or that . " [ 102 ]
Jesus commends getting gain by means of trade in his parables of the talents and the pounds .
[ 103 ]
Yes , Christ did drive the moneychangers out of the temple with the words : " Make not my Father 's house an house of merchandise , " [ 104 ] but only a blockhead could get from that that he was opposed to a genuine house of merchandise .
The historical aversion to moneylenders was certainly not derived from the New Testament .
Usury is only mentioned twice , and in a favorable sense .
[ 105 ]
This , of course , does not negate the principle found in the Proverbs that " the borrower is servant to the lender . " [ 106 ]
Because those who advocate some kind of intervention in a transaction to ensure that the buyer receives a just price usually implicate the seller in some way , I thought this proverb of Solomon that mentions a shrewd buyer quite interesting : " It is naught , it is naught , saith the buyer , but when he is gone his way , then he boasteth . " [ 107 ]
Employment
Employment in the Bible is based on the right to freely contract .
In the parable of the vineyard , a landowner contracts with some laborers early in the morning for a day 's work , then another group later in the morning , and then two other groups at different times in the afternoon .
Finally , when there is but an hour in the day remaining , the landowner contracts with a fifth group .
At day 's end , when it was time to get paid , all the workers were paid the same amount .
The first group of laborers then murmured because , even though they agreed to a certain wage , the eleventh - hour workforce received the same amount .
But what was the landowner 's reply to the first group ?
The Bible tells us that " he answered one of them , and said , Friend , I do thee no wrong : didst not thou agree with me for a penny ?
Take that thine is , and go thy way : I will give unto this last , even as unto thee .
Is it not lawful for me to do what I will with mine own ?
Is thine eye evil , because I am good ? " [ 108 ]
I suppose the first group of workers could form a union and strike for higher wages .
Although there is nothing wrong with collective bargaining per se , in a real free market , and without government protection for unions , employers could freely fire employees who refused to work .
It may not be in their best interests to do so , but there is no reason that they should n't have that option .
Unemployment
The biblical solution to the problem of unemployment is a simple one — work .
If a man will not work then he should not eat . [ 109 ]
If a man provides not for his own house then he is to be counted as worse than an infidel . [ 110 ]
But a man should also labor to give to him that is in need . [ 111 ]
This should not , however , be confused with the Marxist dictum that many Americans think appears in the Constitution : " From each according to his ability , to each according to his needs . "
Marx , or from whomever he stole the precept , got his idea from the Book of Acts in the New Testament .
There we read that the early Christians , because of an impending famine , " every man according to his ability , determined to send relief unto the brethren which dwelt in Judaea . " [ 112 ]
We also read that the early Christians in Jerusalem " had all things common , " [ 113 ] and sold houses and lands , with the money being distributed to " every man according as he had need . " [ 114 ]
Only someone ignorant of what communism is would make the mistake of equating these actions with state ownership of property and the means of production .
As Mises wrote about this in Socialism : " It is a communism of consumption goods , not of the means of production , a community of consumers , not of producers . " [ 115 ]
Marx was very selective with his Scripture , for in the parable of the talents , the talents are given " to every man according to his several ability . " [ 116 ]
There is also no evidence that this radical degree of Christian charity was ever practiced outside of Jerusalem or was to serve as a model for future churches .
And besides , this is charity , not communism , and as such was purely voluntary .
Ask someone in the Soviet Union if he could opt out of the system .
Two specific cases are recorded that make this clear .
Barnabas sold some land and gave the money he received to the apostles . [ 117 ]
Ananias did likewise , but lied about how much he sold his possession for and " kept back part of the price . " [ 118 ]
He was subsequently rebuked by the apostles and punished by God .
What we should note , however , is that he was told : " Whiles it remained , was it not thine own ?
and after it was sold , was it not in thine own power ? " [ 119 ]
The right of private ownership and control of real or personal property is both absolute and biblical .
A man that plants a vineyard is entitled to the fruit thereof . [ 120 ]
A man that feeds a flock is entitled to the milk thereof . [ 121 ]
A husbandman is entitled to be the first partaker of his fruits . [ 122 ]
Conclusion
Laissez - faire is natural , moral , and biblical .
People exchange goods in a market economy to their mutual advantage .
Each party to an exchange values what he receives more than what he exchanges for it .
Both parties are better off after an exchange than they were before the exchange .
In a free market , suppliers compete with suppliers and buyers compete with buyers .
Suppliers do not compete with buyers .
The only exchanges that result in winners and losers are Christmas gift exchanges between parents and children .
But even that is a voluntary loss .
Competition for business between suppliers reduces prices , which is to the advantage of the consumer , while the bidding of consumers against each other for goods raises prices , which is to the advantage of the supplier .
The free market allows suppliers ( who naturally want the highest price they can get for their goods ) and consumers ( who wish to acquire those goods at the lowest price possible ) to come together in harmony . [ 123 ]
There is no such thing as market failure .
Why do people think it ludicrous to say that the market has failed to provide everyone in the United States with a new Cadillac every year , but not that it is just as absurd to say that the market has failed to provide everyone with adequate health insurance ?
The free market facilitates exchange , fosters efficiency , provides incentives for productivity , requires no government oversight , and is perfectly compatible with biblical Christianity .
Free exchange is fair exchange .
Free trade is fair trade .
The just price is the freely agreed upon price .
The only problem with the free market in the United States is that it is not free .
Not only is government intervention the rule rather than the exception , even so - called defenders of the free market regularly call for more government oversight , like the former chief editorial writer at the Wall Street Journal , who made these two statements in the course of defending the morality of the market :
" In theory we can think of many ways in which legitimate markets need to be curbed . " [ 124 ]
" Government regulation and intervention may be necessary in many parts of our lives . " [ 125 ]
With defenders of the free market like this , who needs enemies ?
Government interference in the market cannot make the market more competitive ; it can only distort the market .
Attempts to regulate markets by the government always have unintended consequences that are often worse than the problems that government regulations were meant to cure .
Although he was writing against the government 's foreign interventions , what Arthur Silber said applies to its economic interventions as well .
In fact , he sounds here just like Mises :
Intervention always leads to more intervention : the first intervention leads to unforeseen and uncontrollable consequences , which are then used as the justification for still further intervention .
That intervention in turn leads to still more unforeseen and uncontrollable consequences , which are then used as yet another justification for still further intervention .
The process can go on indefinitely , and the ultimate consequences are always disastrous in the extreme .
Our cry is not greed , profit , or materialism — it is simply laissez - faire .
All we want is for government to stay out of the market .
We do n't need a nanny state any more than we need an omnipotent state .
We do n't need your usury laws .
We do n't need your trade laws .
We do n't need your labor laws .
We do n't need your antitrust laws .
We do n't need your price controls .
We do n't need your regulations .
We do n't need your wealth redistribution schemes .
And we certainly do n't need any Christian economist defending any of these things as if they had any biblical basis .
Economic myths die hard , and especially the myth of the just price .
Economic ignorance is great , and extends to the highest levels of society — just look at the recent crop of presidential candidates and Congress 's latest economic stimulus package .
In the tradition of the Mises Institute and its namesake we must continue our labor of economic education .
Artwork makes a big impact on a space : it draws the eye towards something beautiful and focuses the attention , and it fills in negative space while expressing one 's personality and tastes .
On a larger scale , it is one of the easiest ways to make a dramatic impact and change the whole feeling of a space .
Barcelona - based Mira En Tu Interior 's vinyl stickers can enliven the " skin " of your walls in one fell swoop , providing some dazzling flavor to otherwise empty space .
But beware : these are not for the faint of ( decorating ) heart .
These bold designs make for some very funktified living spaces that you just can't ignore .
And with their fresh and playful themes , who would want to ?
Mira En Tu Interior offers several designs along different themes : flowers , dreams and abstractions , geometric doodles , blurbs of text ( mostly in Spanish ) , and even stuff for the kiddos .
Another bonus is that the patterns generally come in several different sizes and colors , for a really customized piece .
On top of that , you can go even further and cross some decorating lines , drawing the decal up to the ceiling or onto another wall .
So if you have some sad , bare walls in your house you may find just the splash of modern verve you 're looking for here .
Via designrelated
More on Miraentuinterior
Sarah O
Innovative Interiors
Inventor Spot
We believe this is a conspiracy .
We know , even though you do not , that dry cleaning and ironing is an activity controlled by the people " at the top " who wish to control people by forcing everyone to take their clothes to cleaners .
The reason is because the cleaning lobbyists have
We looked on the Earthling digital highway and found very little instruction on how to become a great dry cleaner and ironing expert .
Earthlings , we want to inform you of a very serious matter : Meera and I hate to do washing and ironing .
We are extremely intelligent aliens but we have not figured out how a shirt fits over the iron board so that we can iron it more effectively .
been really good at influencing your Earthling politicians in getting things their way .
This is robbery and mind control .
Stop taking your clothing to dry cleaners during the recession .
The dry cleaning business is stealing your money during recession .
It is possible to dry clean you own clothing .
You are brain - washed to believe many items MUST be taken to a dry cleaners which you can actually wash yourself at home .
Save $ 30 to $ 100 a month by doing your own dry cleaning and ironing .
If you do not think you can accomplish such a challenging task , we found some ironing and dry cleaning tips to meet your fancy .
Shocking
Dry cleaning facts EXPOSED :
Dry cleaning solvents are poison .
Rayon , silk , and wool blends may shrink , change colors or lose their shape if washed in water .
Dry cleaners wet these items with dangerous chemical solvents instead of water .
Home kits prevent you from being exposed to the solvent , perchlorethylene , used by commercial cleaners .
Perchlorethylene may damage human liver , kidneys and brain , and is a contaminant in up to 25 percent of the U.S. water supply .
Chemicals in home dry cleaning do not accumulate in the Earth 's environment .
Home dry cleaning kits let you launder these delicate garments using your own clothes dryer .
With one kit you can clean 16 garments for approximately the same price as professionally dry-cleaning one garment .
Head to you local discount store and pick up one of these :
Ironing Tips :
We are still investigating this .
Meera and I can not get the other to do the ironing .
I have even offered Meera sexual pleasures if she will iron my shirts , however , she refuses to take me up on my offer .
Please share with us your ironing tips if you have any .
Fox News recently ran a report on the full frontal nudity and explicit sex in Mass Effect , a game with no full frontal nudity or explicit sex .
The game , as their " expert " admitted after the fact , is somewhat less sexy than Desperate Housewives and somewhat more sexy than Boohbah .
Oh , come on , Auntie is smoking hot .
Alt Text Podcast
Download audio files and subscribe to the Alt Text podcast .
But the important thing about the Mass Effect controversy , a controversy that was more engineered than the Hoover Dam , is that many of the people involved in criticizing the game are more famous now than they were before .
That 's something I can get behind .
So Fox , if you 're reading , here are a number of other videogames with explicit sex scenes and / or other unsavory elements , or so I 'd be glad to claim on your network .
At the slightest provocation , I will appear on your program and repeatedly interrupt other people in order to describe the innocence - devouring depravity of these amoral games , each of which can be purchased from gum machines by 3 - year - olds .
Katamari Damacy
First of all , the King of All Cosmos has a very disturbing crotch .
He 's got these tights on and his externals are just wadded up in there like a week 's worth of laundry .
Dude just flaunts it , too .
Just , just ... puts it out there .
I think it has its own Flickr account .
Also , " Katamari Damacy " translates roughly to " Let Us Each Have Orifice Penetration Nightly . "
Super Mario Galaxy
If you bring Rosalina enough " fuel , " she tells you " stories , " helps you learn new " techniques " and eventually invites you into her bedroom to " look at the stars , " all while you 're shaking your Wiimote at regular intervals .
Get it ?
No ?
Well , there 's also an explicit sex scene involving Mario and a Koopa Troopa .
Rock Band
I hardly need to explain the epidemic deviancy behind rock ' n ' roll music .
The Guitar Hero games were bad enough , but adding drums to the equation means that if you give this to your child , you may as well include a note saying , " Please have casual sex in alleyways while doing lines of ecstasy with a liberal arts major . "
In addition , you can play it while naked .
Geometry Wars
Geometry is math .
Math leads to science .
Science leads to lies .
Thus , Geometry Wars directly indoctrinates our children into the evolutionary lie that we 're all descended from homosexual monkeys .
Naked homosexual monkeys .
We recommend instead the game Intelligent Design Wars , which is just like Geometry Wars , except that the credits read , " We do n't know who made this .
( But it was probably God . ) "
Endless Ocean
This game is nothing less than a drug - trip simulator , immersing you in an " ocean " of pharmaceutical stimulation where you view such long - standing symbols of drug culture as dolphins , humpback whales and bowmouth guitarfish .
The only goal of the game , according to what I 'm told is the instruction manual , is " to get so completely high you 're pretty sure you 're the Duchess of Plenitentiary and the table lamp is your consort , Gary . "
Duke Nukem Forever
This game is not yet out , and has been in development for 10 years .
What 's been taking so long ?
The developers are waiting for society to degrade to the point where the many explicit , graphic and close - up sex scenes are considered acceptable to sell to teenagers and schoolmarms .
As each year passes , they refine the graphics , making them more glistening and explicit , mapping out each individual bump on each stimulated areola .
Given that you can't boycott it yet , I suggest you pre-order it now so you can not pick it up when it gets released , although if there 's a Democrat in the White House it will probably be included in school lunches along with the skim milk .
Boohbah Wiggle & Giggle
Oh man .
Auntie .
She 's ... I do n't think kids should be looking at this .
Or adults .
Except me .
- - -
Born helpless , nude and unable to provide for himself , Lore Sjöberg eventually overcame these handicaps to become a prude , a prig and a pram .
Tiptoeing Through the Minefield of Movie Spoilers
A Geek Yearns for Yesteryear 's Noisy Gear
Foolproof Online Dating Tips for Desperate Guys
Breasts , Violas and Tulips : Alt Predictions for 2008
THREE -DIMENSIONAL
moving pictures have not changed much over the decades .
Even Disney 's latest contribution , “ Meet the Robinsons ” , relies on the audience wearing the same kind of polarising glasses that were used more than 50 years ago .
Television has moved on a little more than cinema , but not much .
Designs exist for screens that feed separate images to a viewer 's right and left eyes , thus achieving the same effect as the polarising specs .
Unfortunately , only one viewer at a time is able to benefit , because he has to sit in line with the centre of the screen in order for it to work .
That may be about to change .
A new form of display being developed by Ian Sexton and his colleagues at De Montfort University , in Leicester , England , could allow people to watch 3DTV from anywhere in the room , without having to resort to glasses .
Better still , it can be modified to allow a whole family to view , rather than just a lone individual — and it might even let different people watch different channels at the same time .
All three - dimensional representations of moving images work by fooling the brain into constructing a 3D perception from two slightly different images arriving at different retinas .
The brain can be fooled this way because this is how it perceives depth when confronted with the real world rather than a flat screen .
Existing 3DTV ( at least , the sort that does not need glasses ) creates the separate images by showing them as alternating lines across the screen .
The light from the lines is directed to the appropriate eye using either tiny lenses or diffraction gratings over each pixel ( the dots of which the picture is composed ) .
These are arranged so that one set of rows can be viewed only from the right - hand side , while the other can be seen only from the left .
It sounds clumsy , but it works — for a single viewer .
What Dr Sexton and his colleagues have done is to adapt the technique to steer each image in several directions at once .
The result is that moving images can be seen in 3D by up to four people , even as they squabble about who should sit where on the sofa .
To make this possible , Dr Sexton has added two new gizmos to the equipment .
One is a system that tracks the whereabouts of the audience 's heads .
The other is a novel diffraction technique known as holographic projection .
The head - tracking system , which was developed by the Fraunhofer Heinrich - Hertz Institute in Germany , works by calculating how far away a head is , based on its apparent size ( the direction is obvious , of course ) .
It is also able to identify and monitor the position of the eyes , so it knows exactly where each image needs to be beamed and passes this information on to the holographic - projection system .
The term holographic projection does not , in this case , refer to a holographic image of the sort most people would understand by the term .
That would be the ultimate in 3DTV , but is still some way off .
Rather , it is a way of projecting beams of light wherever they are needed .
This is done using a special type of liquid - crystal array developed by a Cambridge - based firm called Light Blue Optics , with which Dr Sexton has been collaborating .
The alignment of the liquid crystals in the array controls the direction in which light is reflected from them .
That alignment is , in turn , controlled by the tracking system .
The upshot is that the crystals can steer light from a single pixel towards four separate points corresponding to the places where the viewers ' right or left eyes are .
If that pixel were receiving signals from different channels , more than one programme could be shown at once ( although the viewers would obviously need headphones for the sound tracks ) .
It will probably be a few years before you can have one of these at home .
Mass production , Dr Sexton reckons , is a decade away .
But specialised applications — particularly in medicine — should be much closer .
It would help doctors a lot , for example , if the images from endoscopes could be shown in 3D .
But that is something you would probably not want to see in your living room .
All of the latest vlogs and livestreams from the Zennie62 YouTube Channel .
At the bottom of the video player is a double - arrow : you can scroll from video to video .
11:08 AM - " You know what price a lot of devs pick ?
Free .
When they want to distribute their app free , there 's NO charge to distribute free apps -- we 'll pay everything to get those apps out there for free .
Will there be limitations ?
Of course .
Some apps we wo n't distribute : porn !
Malicious apps !
" " So , we 've talked about some amazing new enterprise capabilities , we 've talked about the SDK -- how are we going to deliver this stuff ?
Both will be delivered together in the iPhone 2.0 software update .
Let me tell you about that .
" 11:10 AM - " It will again combine the SDK + the new capabilities , there will be a beta release going out today to thousands of developers .
We need their fantastic feedback .
We 're going to ship this to every iPhone customer in June , and it 's going to be a free software update . "
Mild applause .
" In just a few months ... "
MONTHS !
" every iPhone user will get what they saw today .
But there 's another part to this as well : the iPod touch .
Everything will run on the iPod touch as well , including enterprise features .
We account for the touch differently than we do for the iPhone so there will be a nominal charge for the touch .
" 11:12 AM - " We think a lot of people will want to become an iPhone developer -- go to our site , probably in about an hour , and download the SDK .
You can join the developer program to test your app on the iPhone and iPod touch and distribute your app -- to join the dev program costs just $ 99 .
If you have any questions about anything give us a ping at developer.apple.com . "
Irony : someone 's Windows Mobile phone just went off .
11:14 AM - " The premiere VC firm in the world , KPCB , and it 's my great pleasure the most well known partner , John Doerr . "
" We 're all here today because we LOVE Apple products , and I 'm here because I really love Apple entrepreneurs .
They do more than anyone thinks possible with less than anyone thinks possible -- the risk takers , the rebels .
So it 's particularly touching to be here today with the supreme commander of the rebels , Steve Jobs .
" 11:15 AM - " Steve started the whole personal computer industry -- when he left Apple it went downhill fast .
He return and resurrected Apple , and even ran Pixar -- please join me in a salute for the World 's Greatest Entrepreneur , Steve Jobs . "
Big applause .
" Alan Kay said , ' The best way to predict the future is to invent it ... ' today we 're proud to announce the iFund , for the iPhone platform . " " New platforms are rare ... we gave a lot of thought to how to start an iFund , so we decided the iFund should be $ 100 m . "
Ok , but ... what is it ?
11:16 AM - " That should be enough to start a dozen Amazons and a few Googles ... you know the Mac and iPod are truly amazing platforms ... today we 're witnessing history .
That 's the launching of the SDK , the creation of the third great platform . "
" It 's about this great opportunity , but it 's about more than the money -- it 's about the great team at Apple and the great talent we can recruit together .
... if you want to build the future , the iFund wants to help you fund it .
I can't wait to see the companies we 'll build together . "
Big , big applause for Doerr . 11:18 AM - Steve 's back : " I look forward to working with you guys to do just that , it 's very exciting .
If I could ask the press to just stay here for a few more minutes ... thanks for coming !
" We 're not done ! 11:20 AM - A lot of people are filing out , we 're still seated waiting for what 's next .
Looks like it 's going to be Q&A , bear with us .
Steve 's on stage , Phil as well , they 're waiting for people to take off .
Steve : " If we can get the press to take their seats ... " 11:22 AM - Just a peppering of people left .
" We wanted to do a Q&A , maybe ten minutes .
" Q : " What 's the 100 m do for the iPhone community , exactly ?
" A : " It 's because they believe there 's an opportunity to invest in the community .
We love young innovative developers , and they love it because that 's the business they 're in too .
It helps the whole ecosystem surrounding the iPhone .
" 11:24 AM - Q : " Do you think RIM should be worried ?
What 's the message for them ?
" A : " You should ask them ... we 're not sending them a message , we 're sending customers and developers a message that we 're trying to serve their needs .
Remember , the iPhone 's been out less than a year , this stuff will be shipping right around the one year anniversary to every iPhone customer .
" Q : " What sort of safeguards are built in to ensure security ?
" A : " This is a big concern - it 's a dangerous world out there .
We 've tried to strike a good path here , on one side you 've got a closed device like the iPod , it always works .
You do n't have to worry about 3rd party apps mucking it up .
On the other side you 've got a Windows PC where people spend a lot of time every day making it usable .
We want to take the best of both : reliability of the iPod , but the ability to run 3rd party apps .
They get an electronic certificate ... if they write a malicious app we can track them down and tell their parents . "
( Laughter ) 11:27 AM - Q : " How likely will there be a VoIP ?
" A : " We will only limit over cellular -- if you want to dev them for WiFi , that 's fine .
" Q : " Can people choose multiple sync methods ?
Let 's say you select Exchange , will you also be able to use iCal as well .
" A : " Yes , you can have multiple accounts , multiple calendar accounts , multiple contact DBs .
Only Exchange account at time though .
" Q : " Is n't the fact that Apple is the sole distributor of apps likely to cause monopoly issues ?
" A : " We think this is going to be a boon for developers , there 's no other way to get an app in front of every single iPhone user . "
Just to make it a little clearer -- we do n't intend to make money off the app store ; the split with the music companies is about the same .
We give all the money to the content owners and the developers here , and the 30 % that pays for the store , that will be great .
11:32 AM - We asked : Will SIM unlock software be considered software not allowed in the app store ?
A : Steve : ( pause ) " ... yes . "
Laughter .Q : " What 's the nominal fee on the iPod touch ?
" A : " We 'll set that in June , we do n't look at this as a profit opportunity .
" Q : " What do you see as being the IT ease of use ?
So IT managers can convert from BlackBerry to iPhone ?
" A : Phil : " It uses ActiveSync , a familiar system , but also has tools for managing these devices .
" 11:36 AM - Q : " Is this an international rollout ?
Anything preventing open source apps ?
" A : " This is international , but not an open - source project .
It 's a for - profit project only , even though it 's a free update .
" Q : " Anything about additional connections ?
WiMAX ? " A : " We 're not here to talk about hardware today . " Q : " How would an entperprise distribute internal applications ?
" A : " Working on a special app for internal enterprise applications , it 's being worked on .
" 11:39 AM - Apple 's added parental controls to the iPhone !
In 2.0 parents can turn off features in the iPhone like Safari or the App Store . 11:41 AM - Q : " Why 'd you change your mind from last year when you said web apps would be the only method of development for the iPhone ?
" A : They wanted to create something " great , " and " the attention to detail is unbelievable . "
Steve mentioned living with an SDK for 20 years .Q : " What 's relationship with the carriers ?
Are you working with the carriers on the App Store ?
" A : " We have great relationships with our carriers -- we struck a new kind of relationship where Apple is responsible on the phone .
We define the software on the phone , we run the dev program , we distribute the apps !
This is our program , and we 're running it .
( Side Q : no rev share with carriers on apps ? )
We do n't go into it , but we like to see the revenue going the other way .
" Q : Will there be a dock - connector API?A :
The answer given was unclear , looks like you still have to work through the Made for iPhone program , but it 's difficult to tell whether there 's integration between the SDK and external hardware beyond what 's already out there .
11:46 AM - We 're done , thanks everybody !
Pretty much everyone but the dead know that the US occupation of Iraq is now entering its sixth year .
When one looks for comparable circumstances in recent history , the Israeli occupation of Palestinian land of course comes to mind , but so does the US war on Vietnam and the French war on Algiers .
Despite the best efforts of the Bush administration and other war supporters to frame the Iraqi adventure positively — as in the liberation of Europe from Nazism — the fact is that the 2003 invasion and subsequent occupation bear all of the worst elements of the three colonialist endeavors mentioned in the second sentence of this paragraph .
The comparisons run from details like the brutal arrests of men and boys merely because they are males by occupying troops to the greedy profiteering and self - righteous pontificating about the occupied peoples inability to govern themselves .
They include the murders of innocents by the occupying troops and the turn towards terrorism by the resistance forces fighting against the occupier and his puppet government .
Add to this list the attempts by the occupiers to turn the subject peoples against themselves by creating situations and dynamics that accentuate differences inside the occupied nation and one has a brief description of the current reality in Iraq .
If we listen to those occupying troops who have been in Iraq , we hear some of them now telling the world that not only are they against the war , but that they are actively opposed to it .
Unfortunately , many of their fellows in uniform , meanwhile , tell themselves that they do n’t really care .
After all , they say , it ’s out of our hands .
The politicians and the generals are the ones who make the decisions .
Perhaps this apathy is understandable on the ground in Iraq and Afghanistan where caring too much may only make death more likely , but it is inexcusable for those of us not in uniform to not care what happens to the Iraqis , Afghanis , and the individual service men and women on the ground .
After all , we have nothing to lose but our refusal to accept the responsibility we must take for the murder and destruction carried on in our name by those men and women .
To continue to shirk that responsibility will only precipitate actions even more reprehensible than those already known .
In Frantz Fanon ’s last work A Dying Colonialism , he writes about the situation faced by the French five years in to the Algerians ’ war for independence .
In essence , he states that France would either have to intensify its military escapade or leave entirely and let the Algerians decide their own future without France .
This is similar to where Washington sits right now .
It must either enhance its military and political control ( whatever there is of the latter ) or it must eventually withdraw and let the Iraqis figure out the future of their estranged nation .
Since the political will of the American people does not seem to exist to send more US troops into the fray , but it does exist for a US - armed and paid combination of official military and militias to do Washington ’s work there , the US commanders hope that the combination of Iraqi security forces and Sunni - dominated Awakening militias will do the occupier ’s bidding and enhance US control .
The likelihood of success for this endeavor is , to say the least , questionable , especially given the tenuous allegiance of the Awakening Councils to the US military .
Yet , there is no alternative for an occupier unwilling to conscript its youth into colonial service but is insistent on maintaining an empire to gratify its citizens ’ consumptive desires .
Then again , just because there does not seem to be an existing political will to expand the occupation does not mean that such a will can not be created .
Nor does it mean that the Pentagon and the politicians might not decide to expand the occupation , no matter which way the political winds might be blowing .
In the mainstream US press , commentators wonder what went wrong .
How could Washington let certain domination slip from its grasp ?
How could a military so dominant in every regard fail to destroy all opposition in Iraq ( and Afghanistan — which has been going on for two more years than Iraq ) ?
Why are n’t the oil profits from Iraq paying for the occupation and the remaking of that country in Washington ’s image ?
In his March 16 , 2008 commentary John Burns of the New York Times glowingly describes the attack on Baghdad in March 2003 as if it were the ultimate fireworks show that would certainly free the Iraqi people from the terrible dictator Saddam Hussein — a dictator some Iraqis would now prefer over the occupation and its callous destruction .
How could this have gone wrong , he wonders , echoing the refrain of his fellow apologists for imperial America ?
Of course , his answer is not that the war and occupation are illegal and immoral but that they were mismanaged .
Like most of the rest of the US population — politicians , citizens , bureaucrats and others — these commentators forget the Iraqi people and their distaste for occupation .
The Iraqis may not throw the occupiers out of their country , but they will not allow them to succeed in their mission .
The current state of stalemate , insurgency and internal strife is not making things easier for the Iraqi people , but neither is it allowing the US and its marionettes in Baghdad to install the regime they desire .
The world has seen horrible scenes of carnage coming out of Iraq the past five years .
Car bombs and suicide bombs .
Cities leveled by US bombs and missiles and children with skin melted by white phosphorus and other chemical weapons .
Prisoner abuse and torture by US forces and decapitations by men claiming to be insurgents .
Wedding parties and funerals attacked from the air and helicopters in pieces in the ground .
None of this seems to faze the men and women calling the shots .
They sit inside their offices and travel in motorcades protected by mercenaries that shoot at anything they distrust without fear of reprisal .
These things happen because the US invaded Iraq and continues to occupy it .
They would not be occurring if this was not the case .
Yet , it is this exact situation that is provided by Washington as the reason the occupation must continue .
Like Israel in the Palestinian territories , Washington chooses who it will work with and on what terms , despite the obvious fact that those chosen represent only one ( not necessarily very popular ) element of the subject peoples , if that .
Underlying the entire philosophy of the antiwar movement is the question of what constitutes the Iraqi nation .
Is it the Green Zone government or is it the various elements of the insurgency and their supporters ?
If one considers the former to be the legitimate regime , than they can only go so far in their opposition to the occupation .
Why ?
Because that regime requires the presence of US forces to exist for now and the foreseeable future .
That is why the so - called antiwar Democrats and their supporters are not calling for the complete withdrawal of all US forces — military , CIA , mercenaries and others — but speak instead of a timetable for the withdrawal of combat forces only .
This element of the antiwar movement does not oppose the US mission in Iraq .
They only want to go about it in a way where fewer Americans are in danger and all of the dying is done by the Iraqis .
Essentially , they are no different than the war hawks who talk and write about a one - hundred - year occupation .
If one considers the disparate groups of the resistance to be the representatives of the Iraqi nation , then the only stance they can take is for the complete and unconditional withdrawal of all US forces of any kind from Iraq .
The absence of occupying forces would naturally allow the Iraqis to determine a future that would most likely be considerably more stable than anything Washington might impose .
Indeed , the possibility even remains that most of the various factions currently at odds would eventually reconcile enough to work together .
This scenario makes even more sense if one considers that part of the US strategy in Iraq has been to inflame the differences between different elements of Iraqi society .
In addition , certain lines between the Green Zone government and the resistance are somewhat blurred because there are elements in the current Green Zone government that agree more with one or the other resistance groups yet have a place in Maliki ’s regime .
This fact would be resolved by the Iraqis , too , once the occupiers left .
The occupation of Iraq is not in the interests of the world ’s peoples .
Even those of us in the US are paying for this exercise in greed and death .
Economically , this adventure is costing more per day now than it did when it began .
Already , hundreds of thousands of American men and women have taken part in the occupation and thousands more are on their way this year .
Close to 4,000 have been killed in Iraq , ( with more than 800 more killed in Afghanistan ) .
Unknown thousands of Iraqis have died as a result of the US invasion and occupation ; millions more have been uprooted from their homes , while thousands languish in prisons merely because they are male and / or because they oppose the occupation of their country .
Those who benefit from this exercise are few , yet it continues .
Why ?
Because of the indifference of those who can end it .
It is not enough to merely be against the war .
One must actively oppose it .
It is not only our consciences that should demand this , it is also our future .
Opera has always defied conventional wisdom : in the past , the company was able to survive by selling web browsers when Microsoft and Netscape were giving them away .
More recently , the company shifted to giving away its desktop browser , pulling revenue from sales in the mobile arena and affiliate deals integrated into the browser .
The company has proven to be rugged and focused on quality .
Now , the company has released alpha builds of the latest version of their desktop product , Opera 9.5 ( code - named Kestrel ) .
While it does n't quite add enough features to justify a full version number bump , it is a welcome update for any Opera fan and may well get users of more popular browsers to take a second look .
Despite being an " alpha " release , we 've found a solid improvement to an already very strong browser .
Opera 9.5's Speed Dials .
Opera claims that the latest version is faster than ever before , and our experience bears this out .
When running various JavaScript speed tests , Opera 9.5 scored slightly higher ( 281 ms ) than the previous released version , 9.23 ( 546ms ) .
And Opera 9.x , let it be known , smacks silly the likes of Firefox and Internet Explorer , which tend to have results in the 900 - 1500 ms range on this test machine ( a 1.8 GHz Core 2 Duo with 2GB RAM ) .
Opera was 50 percent faster on average than Firefox , and 100 percent faster than IE7 on Windows Vista , for instance .
( In all versions , the speed of the test depends on how many tabs are open , so your results may vary .
In our experience , Opera always came out on top . )
Opera also claims that the user interface itself also received significant optimizations for speed , and while it 's tough to accurately benchmark this , the new alpha does feel slightly " snappier " than its predecessor .
While this is still an alpha and there are undoubtedly still bugs present , Kestrel on Windows XP was stable and did not crash once during testing .
The Macintosh version , unfortunately , had some serious UI display problems running under Panther on my PPC iBook , likely due to the new skinning code that is in this version .
Performance enhancements are n't limited to browsing speed , either .
The integrated BitTorrent client ( first introduced in 9.0 ) has been reworked , and support for Peer Exchange should make torrent downloads faster .
While still not as full - featured as a standalone BitTorrent client , being able to download torrents with a single click on a web page is an extremely useful feature and is one that I use all the time .
Speed is n't the only thing that Opera has addressed with 9.5 .
Plenty of refinements have been added to make things more convenient .
For example , the Zoom mode in previous versions was a great way to magnify not just text but entire web pages .
Kestrel makes the magnification control immediately available in the bottom - right corner of the status bar , along with a toggle to view / hide images .
Like most controls in the Opera user interface , these can be removed or repositioned if desired .
One of the neatest new features is My Opera Synchronization .
For those of us who are often surfing from multiple computers or mobile devices while on the go , the synchronization feature lets you instantly import your bookmarks and Speed Dial sites .
You create an account ( mercifully , this does not require going to any web site but is integrated directly into the Synchronization dialog box in Opera ) and then you can log in from any other platform and synchronize .
I tried this on my aging iBook , and after only a couple of seconds , it had imported all my bookmarks and Speed Dial settings , although unfortunately not any other custom GUI configurations .
This feature will be invaluable for mobile users .
Another nifty addition is that when you start typing in a URL or search term , Opera will not only auto - fill a dropdown list of previously visited pages starting with the letters you have typed , but it also searches the contents of web pages in your history and displays those matching results as well .
So you can just type , say , " apple " in the URL and it will pick up not only www.apple.com but any recently visited web pages mentioning that particular fruit .
Overall , the new Opera raises the bar yet again for web surfing , and it remains my browser of choice .
While many will still prefer Firefox for its plethora of third - party extensions , Opera remains a light and fast browser that still manages to cram in more features than clowns in a Volkswagen and is just as much fun to use .
Graveyard Shift for Islamic Jihad A Visit to a Gaza Rocket Factory
No matter what Israel does , the rockets from the Gaza Strip just keep coming .
Young men like Abdul are the reason why .
He studies by day , but at night he builds bombs for the Islamic Jihad .
He and his fellow militants can produce up to 100 per night .
157 software tools .
No fees .
No expiration dates .
No problems .
Sometimes even no downloads .
No kidding .
Note :
We 've just released our newest collection of the best free software !
Click on over for 173 other pieces of software to unlock the real potential of your PC for free .
We did the math :
If you bought popular apps instead of trying their gratis counter - parts , at the manufacturers ' list prices you'd be out $ 5,183 and change !
Why spend money when you can get what you need for nothing ?
Sometimes , you do get what you do n't pay for .
Hall of Fame
Adobe Reader
www.adobe.com
Windows | MacOS | Linux | Mobile
This simplest of Adobe 's PDF programs lets you do just about anything PDF - related ( besides create new ones ) , including online collaboration .
It includes a host of features to aid users with disabilities .
AIM
www.aim.com
Windows | MacOS | Linux | Web
One of the most widely used pieces of free software ever , AOL Instant Messenger offers a ton of capabilities .
Read our full review of .
Audacity
audacity.sourceforge.net
Windows | MacOS | Linux
Whether you 're recording or editing , Audacity is all about audio in practically any format .
Firefox
www.mozilla.com
Windows | MacOS | Linux This PC Mag Editors ' Choice
Web browser has been on top of the heap since version 1.5 came out in late 2005 .
Read our full review of .
GIMP
www.gimp.org
Windows | MacOS | Linux The GNU Image Manipulation Program ( GIMP ) does most of what Photoshop does ; the Gimpshop project ( plasticbugs.com ) even makes it look like Photoshop .
Read our full review of .
iTunes
www.apple.com/itunes
Windows | MacOS
When you 're attached to the top media player in the land ( iPod ) , success is a given .
iTunes continues to build sales and refine its organization of songs , video , games , podcasts , and more .
Read our full review of .
OpenOffice.org
www.openoffice.org
Windows | MacOS | Linux
You can spend a lot for Microsoft Office or nothing for this suite with full - function word processor , spreadsheet , database , presentations , even an equations editor .
Read our full review of .
Skype
www.skype.com
Windows | MacOS | Linux
You 'll pay to call regular phones , but if you sign up all your friends , Skype provides easy ( and even international ) calls and video - conferencing for nothing .
Read our full review of .
Thunderbird
www.mozilla.com/thunderbird
Windows | MacOS | Linux Mozilla 's no-cost e-mail alternative is extensible , fast , and easy to master .
And a wealth of free add - ons means there 's not much this program wo n't do , from calendars to encryption .
Read our full review of .
Ubuntu
www.ubuntu.com
Linux This Linux - based OS comes with many of these Hall of Fame products ( Firefox , OpenOffice.org ) preinstalled .
WinAmp
www.winamp.com
Windows
After a decade of playing music , the " skinnable " WinAmp has several versions , including one with full CD ripping and burning .
Operating Systems
ajaxWindows
www.ajaxwindows.com
Web A virtual operating system ( aka Web OS ) , it uses Asynchronous Java - Script and XML ( AJAX ) programming to mimic the look and feel of a Windows desktop in Firefox or IE .
It stores files ( using Gmail ) and runs its own applications , plus Web apps like Meebo and Google Maps .
If you can launch a Web browser , you can get work done through ajaxWindows .
eyeOS
eyeos.info
Web This Web OS has ultra - simplified applications , including an RSS reader , satellite maps , a word processor , even a browseryes , for browsing the Web while on the Web .
Freespire 2.0
www.freespire.org
Linux
This community - driven OS is based on Linspire ( formerly Lindows ) a Linux distro that looks like Windows , with an emphasis on compatibility with other platforms .
Glide
www.glidedigital.com
Web | Flash Sleek style sets this Web OS apart , as does the ability ( using a separate utility ) to sync files , bookmarks , and e-mail from your real OS .
Read our full review of .
gOS
www.thinkgos.com
Linux Ubuntu - based and powered by Google 's apps ( just do n't call it Google OS ) , gOS comes with the $ 200 PCs from Wal - Mart , but you can download it for any PC .
Antivirus / Anti-Malware
avast !
4 Home Edition
www.avast.com
Windows Spiffy - looking avast !
notifies you by e-mail or IM if it catches a virus .
You can't schedule scans , but its recovery database can help if a virus damages your files .
Read our full review of .
AVG Anti-Virus Free Edition
free.grisoft.com
Windows
Its control center is awkward , but AVG scans files on demand , upon access , on a schedule , and in e-mail .
Its rescue disks will help you recover from disaster .
Read our full review of .
Avira AntiVir Personal Edition Classic
www.free-av.com
Windows AntiVir scans files on demand , upon access , and on a schedule ; it does n't scan e-mail attachments until they 're saved , but it does go to work on rootkits .
It 's especially good at coexisting with other security software .
Like most good AV software , it has the Virus Bulletin 's VB100 % award and certification for virus detection from ICSA Labs .
Read our full review of .
HijackThis
www.trendsecure.com
Windows Run Hijack
This , save a log , and then post the log on sites that support the program .
You 'll quickly get personalized expert help to remove any malware .
NanoScan
www.nanoscan.com
Windows | Web
In less than a minute , NanoScan can analyze all processes running on your computer and identify viruses , Trojan horses , spyware , or other malicious programs .
Threat Fire AntiVirus
www.threatfire.com
Windows Threat
Fire detects the bad guys by their behavior , not by outdated virus signatures .
It 's surprisingly accurate and a good companion to standard antivirus apps .
Read our full review of .
Trend Micro HouseCall
housecall.trendmicro.com
Windows
Use the venerable HouseCall online scanner to get a second opinion , or use the app for cleanup when malware prevents installation of a local antivirus utility .
Firewalls
Comodo Firewall Pro
www.personalfirewall.comodo.com
Windows
This protective dragon for XP and Vista keeps hackers out of your system , controls which programs can access the Net ( its whitelist of about one million means you get fewer pop-ups ) , and blocks tricky " leak test " techniques .
It 's both tough and good - looking .
Read our full review of .
ShieldsUP !
www.grc.com
Windows | Web
Be sure your fire - walls are keeping your always - on Internet connection hidden from attackers .
Shields - UP ! provides a quick confirmation .
Read our full review of .
SmoothWall Express
www.smoothwall.org
Linux
Got a spare PC running a Pentium 200 MHz or higher with 128MB of RAM ?
Turn it into a dedicated network firewall with this open - source download .
ZoneAlarm Free
www.zonealarm.com
Windows
The free edition remains a useful protector against hack attacks and against programs that abuse your Internet connection .
Security
EULAlyzer
www.javacoolsoftware.com
Windows
Wonder what you 're agreeing to when you click " I Accept " ?
Do n't worry ; just drag EULAlyzer 's target icon onto the EULA for a quick report on any troublesome language .
Read our full review of .
Hotspot Shield
www.anchorfree.com
Windows Create an instant virtual private network ( VPN ) tunnel between your laptop and the router at any Wi-Fi hot spot to protect your data from snoops on the public airwaves , even if you 're using extra encryption .
If you 're on a network that limits the use of certain apps ( such as Skype ) , the VPN could give you unfettered access .
It even works with your wired connection for an extra layer of security .
Kruptos 2
www.kruptos2.co.uk
Windows Kruptos makes a file accessible only to someone who knows the password ; it includes a file shredder .
PC Flank
www.pcflank.com
Windows | Web While ShieldsUP !
tests your firewall 's ability to stealth all ports , PC Flank performs surgical strikes that emulate specific malware attacks to verify that your firewall blocks them .
SendShield
www.sendshield.com
Windows
This Outlook add - on strips out extra info and tracked changes in Word documents attached to messages .
Finance
mint
www.mint.com
Web Mint is n't like Quicken , where you enter in all your transactions .
Instead , it syncs with your bank and credit card accounts online , checks your spending habits , and tells you how to improve to save money .
If you 're not paying attention to your spending , it 'll send you regular alerts to inform you where your money has gone ( nice for making sure you have n't been ripped off ) .
GnuCash
www.gnucash.org
Linux Linux users can track their bank accounts , stocks , and expenses in this financial program using a double - entry accounting method .
Office
AbiWord
www.abiword.com
Windows | MacOS | Linux Volunteers keep this open - source word processor alive .
It closely mimics the look and feel of Microsoft Word 2003 and earlier .
Read the full review of .
Gliffy
www.gliffy.com
Web | Flash
An online - only diagramming tool with more options than you can flowchart .
The free version is limited to five diagrams .
Google Docs
docs.google.com
Web | Mobile Google 's slickly designed office suite offers online shared word processing , spreadsheets , and presentations - and best of all , finally a solid alternative in the office - suite space to the totally dominating Microsoft .
Upload or e-mail your current documents for storage and editing .
Read the full review of .
IBM Lotus Symphony
symphony.lotus.com
Web | Mobile A much prettier version of OpenOffice.org , Symphony is prepped for presentations , spreadsheets , and word processing in a single window ( but lacks OO 's drawing and database modules ) .
Read the full review of .
KompoZer
www.kompozer.net
Windows | MacOS | Linux A full WYSIWYG
Web - page authoring tool akin to Dreamweaver , KompoZer integrates an FTP site manager for file uploads .
NeoOffice
www.neooffice.com
MacOS
This version of OpenOffice.org has the same great tools and price ( free ) , but with an interface designed specifically for the Mac OS .
Notepad ++
notepad-plus.sourceforge.net
Windows Notepad ++ handles text -- especially source code - in ways the basic Windows Notepad could only dream of , with embellishments like tabs and color coding .
Read the full review of .
Scribus
www.scribus.net
Windows | MacOS | Linux
This open - source page layout tool has features comparable to big names like PAgemaker , plus support for PDFs and scalable vector graphics ( SVG ) .
Windows Live Mail
get.live.com
Windows Live Mail not only reads your Hotmail , but also can check POP , IMAP , or HTTP mail accounts .
It works as an RSS feed reader and a newsreader .
Zoho
www.zoho.com
Web | Mobile Zoho features every tool you could want - word processing , spreadsheet , presentations , database , even a wiki - and several you never knew you needed .
Some are also available off - line .
Read the full review of .
Calendar / PIMs
Plaxo
www.plaxo.com
Web Perhaps the ultimate online address book , Plaxo is enhanced with the superpowers of a social network and plug-ins for many Web - based services like Flickr , YouTube , Twitter and LiveJournal for sharing across the Internet .
Backpack
www.backpackit.com
Web Backpack is more than a to - do list site .
Your five easy - to - update pages send reminders via e-mail or SMS and include a whiteboard for online collaboration .
Read the full review of .
EssentialPIM
Free
www.essentialpim.com
Windows Imagine taking the e-mail out of Microsoft Outlook to get a killer personal information manager ( PIM ) .
That 's what EssentialPIM is all about .
Google Calendar
calendar.google.com
Web | Mobile Featuring seamless integration with other Google products , sharing capabilities , and SMS reminders , this Web app does for calendars what Google did for search .
Read the full review of .
Lightning
www.mozilla.org/projects/calendar/lightning
Windows | MacOS | Linux
To be more like Microsoft Outlook , Thunderbird needs a calendar .
Lightning provides that , plus a to - do list .
It can even sync with Google Calendar .
Power Calculator
www.microsoft.com/windowsxp/downloads/powertoys/xppowertoys.mspx
Windows
This XP - only PowerToy replaces the lame Windows calculator with a mathematical powerhouse .
Remember The Milk
www.rememberthemilk.com
Web | Mobile
Never forget another grocery item , or anything else , using this extensible online task manager .
It 'll send reminders via e-mail , SMS , and IM .
Sunbird
www.mozilla.org/projects/calendar/sunbird
Windows | MacOS | Linux Sunbird is Mozilla 's standalone calendar for tracking events and upcoming tasks .
It 's a sister to Lightning , which adds the same functions to Thunderbird .
30 Boxes
www.30boxes.com
Web
One of the best - looking online calendars , 30 Boxes features easy - to - grasp pop-ups for adding events and viewing schedule details .
Yahoo !
Calendar
calendar.yahoo.com
Web Track your schedule and share it with friends , then sync your calendar with Outlook or your phone .
It 's a great place to back up a handheld .
Backup / Sync
Allway Sync
www.allwaysync.com
Windows Sync files between your PC and an external drive , filtering by folder , file name , or file type .
The program displays warnings about questionable files before syncing .
DriveImage XML
www.runtime.org
Windows
Make an image of your entire hard drive for backup and restore purposes .
FolderShare
www.foldershare.com
Windows | MacOS
Install the utility on multiple computers , create an online account where you identify each computer , and pick folders to synchronize .
Up - to - date data becomes available on all those PCs whenever you make a change in a folder , with sync taking place in the background so you 're never disturbed , just happy to find your files wherever you work .
Read the full review of .
MozyHome Free
www.mozy.com
Windows | MacOS MozyHome provides automatic online backup for up to 2GB of your data .
PassPack
www.passpack.com
Web Pack away all your passwords in this secure online vault ; it even logs you in to Web sites .
SyncToy v2.0
www.microsoft.com/downloads
Windows
Make sure folders across your networked computers contain the same files , even on drives that change location and name .
WinClone
www.twocanoes.com
MacOS Bootcamp users :
Now you can clone ( back up ) your Windows XP / Vista partition for reinstall on a new Mac .
App Launchers
Launchy
www.launchy.net
Windows Launchy launches ( duh ) applications , files , folders , or searches via a command - line - esque interface .
ObjectDock
www.stardock.com
Windows Organize your application shortcuts in a toolbar that mimics the look and feel of the Macintosh dock , complete with icon animations .
It will even mimic Windows Taskbar buttons .
Add in extras ( docklets ) like real - time clock and weather forecasts , even a fully functional Windows Start button and Recycle Bin , to get everything you need .
QuickSilver
www.blacktree.com
MacOS
This open - source launcher takes plug-ins that allow it to do almost anything you want in the MacOS .
Utilities
Absolute Uninstaller
www.glarysoft.com
Windows Replace the Add / Remove Programs control panel in XP to get batch uninstalls and clear out leftovers that Windows frequently misses when uninstalling .
CCleaner
www.ccleaner.com
Windows
The extra C is for crap , and that 's what CCleaner gets rid of : all the detritus left behind in the course of using Windows .
CoolMon
www.coolmon.org
Windows CoolMon displays all of your system 's vital statistics , including use of your CPU , RAM , and hard drives , internal PC temperature , and more .
Defraggler
www.defraggler.com
Windows Defragment your entire hard drive - or just one heavily fragmented file at a time .
DriverView
www.nirsoft.net
Windows DriverView lists every single device driver running on your system , with extra info on each .
Eraser
www.heidi.ie/eraser
Windows Shredders are popular in the office , so why not have the digital equivalent ?
Eraser adds a right - click menu that will do away with a file or folder forever .
FileZilla
www.filezilla-project.org
Windows | MacOS | Linux Download this FTP client for accessing multiple sites or to use as an FTP server .
In both cases , FileZilla has convenient drag - and - drop support .
Glary Utilities
www.glaryutilities.com
Windows Glary offers a ton of utilities for cleaning , optimizing , and securing Windows in one package .
Microsoft Virtual PC 2007
www.microsoft.com/windows/virtualpc
Windows Install anything - DOS , OS / 2 , or any earlier version of Windows - as a virtual machine .
It 'll run in a separate window on your Vista or XP desktop .
Read the full review of .
SandBoxie
www.sandboxie.com
Web Place a layer of " transient storage " - a sandbox - between your applications and your hard disk to stay safe .
SecureZIP
www.securezip.com
Windows Compress and decompress files on the fly , even in e-mail through Outlook integration , and encrypt archives as desired .
Task Killer
www.rsdsoft.com
Windows Stop any Windows process dead ; this is handy for clearing frozen applications .
TinkerTool
www.bresink.com
MacOS
Get access to additional preference settings in Mac OS X to turn on hidden features .
Uniblue ProcessScanner
www.processlibrary.com
Windows | Web
You can do the Ctrl - Alt - Delete salute in Windows to see what 's bogging down your PC , but can you understand the results ?
ProcessScanner , coupled with the online Process Library , provides extra information on each process ( like whether it autostarts or not , and who makes the software in question ) , and even lists the security risk to your system for running it .
Downloads
BitLet.org
www.bitlet.org
Web Who needs a BitTorrent client ?
Just find the torrent metafile link on a tracker site , plug it in at BitLet.org , and let it retrieve the file as if you were downloading it from a regular Web site .
Universal Extractor
www.legroom.net
Windows
See what 's inside any archive file ZIP , RAR , even EXE .
uTorrent
www.utorrent.com
Windows
The tiniest BitTorrent client around ( only 214K ) comes with all the torrent download features you crave .
Interface Enhancement
Battery Status
users.rcn.com/tmtalpey/BattStat
Windows
This app runs in the system tray and takes advantage of smart battery support in XP / Vista to provide loads of info on laptop - power usage .
Google Desktop
desktop.google.com
Windows | MacOS | Linux Let Google index and search your hard drive contents .
The sidebar adds graphical widgets to your desktop .
miniMIZE
aquaria.za.net
Windows miniMIZE puts thumbnails of your minimized applications on the desktop for easier access .
Quero Toolbar 4
www.quero.at
Windows Replace the Internet Explorer address bar to integrate ad blocking and make IE7 look more like IE6 .
Vista Drive Icon
drvicon.sourceforge.net
Windows
Add one of Vista 's best features to XP : smart drive icons showing the current capacity of each hard drive .
XYplorer
www.xyplorer.com
Windows Multiple tabs and improved search enhance and replace the boring old Windows Explorer .
Yahoo !
Widgets
widgets.yahoo.com
Windows | MacOS
Fill your desktop with tiny interfaces for everything from stock picks to RSS feeds to weather forecasts ( using Doppler radar ! ) to Wi-Fi sensors to remote desktops to countdown clocks - to name a few .
Pick from over 4,300 ; some are more useful than others , but almost all are interesting to look at .
File View / Conversion
Foxit Reader
www.foxitsoftware.com
Windows Perhaps the fastest PDF reader around , Foxit includes a free annotation tool .
Add - ons enable support for new file formats and UI languages .
Samuraj Data
view.samurajdata.se
Web
You can display PDF files in your Web browser when no other reader is available .
ScanR.com
scanr.com
Web | Mobile Instantly perform optical character recognition ( OCR ) on pictures by e-mailing them from your phone to ScanR.com .
YouConvertIt.com
youconvertit.com
Web
This site turns just about any file into a different kind of file , even online videos from YouTube .
It also converts units of energy , force , length , and more .
ZamZar
www.zamzar.com
Web File conversion is no longer a complete nightmare .
Just go to ZamZar , upload a file , choose from a long list of extensions ( including image , doc , music , video , and compression types ) , and enter your e-mail address .
When it 's done , ZamZar will send you the converted file .
Networking
LogMeIn Hamachi
secure.logmein.com
Windows | MacOS | Linux
Instantly create a free , peer - to - peer VPN connection between your computer and other people's .
Download the software , create a network with a unique name , give it to friends you want to join , and start sharing files with themeven your iTunes folder .
NetStumbler
www.netstumbler.com
Windows
Use it to detect any Wi-Fi network in your vicinity and see if it 's open for use , or just use it to troubleshoot your own .
PrinterAnywhere
www.printeranywhere.com
Windows
Share your printer with others over the Web ; in turn , send jobs to other shared printers , no matter their location .
Blogging
Blogger
www.blogger.com
Web | Mobile Blogger was one of the first blog - publishing tools .
Years after Google bought it , it remains one of the best , especially for newbies .
Create a brain - dead simple weblog and let Blogger host it ( with a blogspot.com name ) using the slew of provided templates , or use it to publish a blog on your own domain .
w.bloggar
www.wbloggar.com
Windows
This post and template editor can handle multiple blogs , across multiple blogging systems .
Windows Live Writer
get.live.com
Windows Live Writer is not a word processor , but a universal , WYSIWYG blog - posting tool more powerful than most blog services ' own tools .
WordPress
www.wordpress.com
Web
It lacks the simplicity of Blogger or Vox , but the commercial offshoot of WordPress.org offers some of the best tools of any hosted blogging service .
RSS Readers
Bloglines
www.bloglines.com
Web | Mobile Keeping track of your daily
Web news reading can be a nightmare .
This Ask.com - owned news aggregator is one of the cleanest and most straightforward methods for keeping your RSS feeds under control , and the new beta version features a great new interface that steals some of the best features of Google Reader .
Google Reader
reader.google.com
Web | Mobile Google Reader is arguably the best RSS / newsfeed reader on the Internet .
Read feeds while off - line or on your mobile phone .
Netvibes
www.netvibes.com
Web
This is a handsome combination of online RSS reader and podcast aggregator , with some widget apps thrown in .
Instant Messaging
Meebo.com
www.meebo.com
Web This polished Web app aggregates your AOL , Gmail , ICQ , Jabber , Windows , and Yahoo !
buddy lists into a single , Web - based instant - messaging and chat - room experience .
Meebo is building in extras , such as games you can play with IM buddies , as well as video and audio chat you 'd find with your regular IM client software .
Pidgin
www.pidgin.im
Windows | Linux
Open source tackles instant messaging in this client , which supports more IM networks than you 've ever heard of .
Trillian
www.ceruleanstudios.com
Windows Access all your IM accounts ( AIM , ICQ , Windows Messenger , Yahoo ! , and more ) from a single interface that also logs all your conversations , if you desire .
Communication
GizmoProject
www.gizmoproject.com
Windows | MacOS | Linux Gizmo competes with Skype to offer free , peer - to - peer , over - the - Internet phone and video calls , but uses open standards .
Gmail
www.gmail.com
Web | Mobile
What to do with nearly limitless e-mail storage space that 's the enviable quandary of Gmail users , who can store up to 5.5 GB worth of e-mail and chats .
And the amount is constantly growing .
Other perks include advanced search options , real - time updates , and " conversations , " in which e-mail chains are stored in one continuous thread for easy perusal .
Mail Redirect
addons.mozilla.org
Windows | MacOS | Linux
This add - on for Thunderbird lets you bounce a message to the proper recipient without revealing that you got the message first .
ooVoo
www.oovoo.com
Windows | MacOS ooVoo video chat is more P2P than Skype ( no supernodes ! ) , with a better picture .
It supports up to six co-videoconferencers , file transfers , and group text chat .
SightSpeed
www.sightspeed.com
Windows | MacOS SightSpeed has better video quality than ooVoo , but in a less attractive interface .
More than two video chatters will cost you , as will file transfer and group chat .
Audio
Juice
http://juicereceiver.sourceforge.net
Windows | MacOS | Linux Aggregate all your favorite podcasts in one place for easy listening .
Levelator
www.conversationsnetwork.org/levelator
Windows | MacOS | Linux Levelator adjusts the levels of your audio files to give the perfect balance .
Reaper
www.cockos.com/reaper
Windows | MacOS
The name is short for Rapid Environment for Audio Production , Engineering , and Recording .
That pretty much says it all .
Wavosaur
www.wavosaur.com
Web A low - price and low - profile audio editor , Wavosaur does n't even need installation .
Just click the executable to start processing and recording sounds .
It lacks some of the features of full programs like Audacity , but for quick - and - dirty MP3 editing it can't be beat .
Video
Cinelerra
www.osalt.com/cinelerra
Linux
This is professional video - editing software for the Linux crowd .
Eyespot.com
www.eyespot.com
Web Upload your clips , mix via drag - and - drop , and share your finished videos in one spot .
HandBrake
handbrake.m0k.org
Windows | MacOS | Linux Convert your DVDs to MPEG - 4 video ( or just the audio ) for backup purposes .
Jing
www.jingproject.com
Windows | MacOSx
Jing shares what 's showing on your monitor with others online , or records it for future viewing .
Jumpcut.com
www.jumpcut.com
Web
This online app provides Flash - powered video editing .
Miro
www.getmiro.com
Windows | MacOS | Linux Miro combines BitTorrent downloads with video playback to become the next best thing to your DVR .
MythTV
www.mythtv.org
Linux Use your Linux box as a homespun digital video recorder ( DVR ) .
Songbird
www.songbirdnest.com
Windows | MacOS | Linux
The open - source answer to iTunes ( from the makers of WinAmp ) plays your music and videos .
TVersity
www.tversity.com
Windows
Turn your computer into a server to stream video and audio to just about any device on your network .
Ustream.tv
www.ustream.tv
Web
Our reviews call this the absolute easiest way to broadcast live video from your webcam across the Internet .
Videora Converter
www.videora.com
Windows Convert nearly any video you can find online ( or on DVD ) for use on any video - capable iPod or iPhone .
VLC media player
www.videolan.org
Windows | MacOS | Linux Forget Windows Media Player .
VideoLAN 's open - source VLC can replace it , and nearly every other player , too .
VLC supports almost every audio format and video codec imaginable and doubles as a server for streaming your music and video to other PCs .
Change its skin to make it look like the player you wanteven WMP .
YouTube Uploader
www.youtube.com/multifile_installer
Windows | MacOS
If you 've got a lot of YouTube videos ready to go online , upload them to the site all at once with the Uploader .
Graphics
IrfanView
www.irfanview.com
Windows IrfanView previews images ( or even audio and video ) and then converts or optimizes them without opening a separate editor .
Paint.NET
www.getpaint.net
Windows
This program is probably the closest thing to Photoshop you can get free , courtesy of a student project .
Picasa
www.picasa.com
Windows | Linux Google 's photo manager makes it easy to get pictures off a digital camera , organize them , and even edit and share them .
Picnik
www.picnik.com
Web | Flash Instantly edit pictures in this Web site .
Upload images from your computer , Flickr , Picasa , or elsewhere .
pikifx.com
pikifx.com
Web Another online pic editor , pikifx.com emphasizes special effects such as added text and borders .
rsizr.com
rsizr.com
Web | Flash
With one of the best Web interfaces yetall in Flashrsizr.com incorporates smart resizing to avoid distortion .
Splashup
www.splashup.com
Web | Flash Another beauty with a Flash interface , Splashup sets itself apart with multi-image editing and a full - screen mode .
Windows Live Photo Gallery
get.live.com/photogallery
Windows Windows Live Photo Gallery gives Picasa ( above ) a run for its money , with many of the same photo - enhancing and sharing featuresred - eye reduction , exposure adjustment , cropping , color , sharpen , and auto - adjust .
What 's more , Microsoft serves up histogram adjustment , panorama creation , and photo - CD burning .
Browsers
Flock
www.flock.com
Windows | MacOS | Linux Another browser based on Mozilla , Flock emphasizes interaction with social networks and services .
It also accepts many add - ons from the Firefox browser .
Maxthon
www.maxthon.com
Windows Replace IE or Firefox ( but still use their rendering engines ) with this highly customizable , multilanguage , tabbed beauty .
Opera
www.opera.com
Windows | MacOS | Linux | Mobile Possibly the nimblest and most usable of all the browsers available , Opera did tabs first and still does them best .
Added usability features like Speed Dial and Tab Preview keep popping up in new versions .
Prism
labs.mozilla.com
Windows | MacOS | Linux Prism is a site - specific browser , meaning you simply load a Web app ( Gmail , for instance ) and let it run like any other application on the desktop .
Browser Add - Ons
DownThemAll
www.downthemall.net
Windows | MacOS | Linux
You do n't have to download one item at a time from a Web page anymore .
DownThemAll manages batch downloads , splitting files into pieces so they arrive faster .
Foxmarks 2.0
www.foxmarks.com
Windows | MacOS | Linux Foxmarks can synchronize your Firefox bookmarks across multiple PCs , even multiple operating systems .
Googlepedia
code.google.com/p/googlepedia
Windows | MacOS | Linux
In Firefox , Googlepedia loads the most relevant Wikipedia entry it finds alongside your Google search results .
Google Toolbar
toolbar.google.com
Windows | MacOS | Linux
The toolbar brings Google 's search and other functionality directly to IE or Firefox .
It offers extras like auto fill , spell - checking , and one - click RSS feed subscriptions .
Greasemonkey
www.greasespot.net
Windows | MacOS | Linux
Add this extension to Firefox and then extend it again with thousands of scripts that change the appearance and functions of almost any Web site .
IE7Pro
www.ie7pro.com
Windows
Adds a load of extras to IE7 , including control over tabs , spell - checking , ad blocking even Greasemonkey - esque scripts ( see above ) .
IE Tab
ietab.mozdev.org
Windows
Do you prefer Firefox but still need to look at some sites in IE ?
IE Tab will load a site in a Firefox tab using the IE rendering engine .
ScribeFire
www.scribefire.com
Windows | MacOS | Linux
This Firefox add - on sets up an interface for instant blogging on just about any blog system .
Tab Mix Plus
addons.mozilla.org
Windows | MacOS | Linux
Take total control of how tabs work in Firefox .
Adjust how they look , revive those you closed by accident , send tabs to new browser windows - essentially any tab action you can imagine .
Zotero
www.zotero.com
Windows | MacOS | Linux Zotero makes it easy to keep track of all your research on the Web , including how to cite it in future reports .
Games / Fun
Eyezmaze.com's
Grow
www.eyezmaze.com
Web | Flash
It 's not a single game but a series that involves choosing " growing " items that are added to an online environment .
Geni.com
www.geni.com
Web | Flash Share your genealogy with everyone in the family .
They can contribute more individual profiles until your family tree is complete .
Google Earth
earth.google.com
Windows | MacOS | Linux
Fly over familiar terrain or foreign lands with Google Earth , a searchable database of satellite images and geographical dataeven images of the heavens .
You can go a step further with all sorts of downloadable , gee - whiz applications from scientists , media outlets , and other third - party developers to trick out your Earth - moving experience .
Google Maps
maps.google.com
Web | Mobile
This interactive mapping tool goes beyond driving directions .
View destinations in Street View , Satellite , or Terrain modes ; check traffic updates ; or look up info on nearby businesses .
Kongregate
www.kongregate.com
Web | Mobile Only 2,598 free games ( as of this writing ) to keep you busy online ?
Bring 'em on .
Second Life
www.secondlife.com
Windows | MacOS
This 3D virtual world has hundreds of thousands of denizens .
Access is free , but you 'll pay a bit if you want to get some real estate , or even fancy clothes for your avatar .
Free ( Okay , Cheap ) Hardware
Manufacturers of even the most basic devices generally do n't give anything away .
And you 're not likely to find breakneck performance at bargain prices .
But it is possible to get fully computerized without spending a fortune .
Read on to find the best tech bargains around the Internet .
DESKTOP
EverexTC2502 gPC
$ 199 street
www.everex.com
Green or Google , it does n't matter what the " g " stands for .
Just know that this is the lowest - cost desktop on the market today .
Available at Wal - Mart .
Read the full review of the .
MONITOR
Sceptre DCL20A 20 " Widescreen LCD
$ 159.99
www.tigerdirect.com
TigerDirect offers the occasional bargain display , such as this 20 - inch screen with $ 50 instant rebate .
LAPTOP
ASUS color Eee PC 2G Surf
$ 299 direct
asus.com
This tiny Linux notebook has just a smudge of a screen ( 7 inches ) , but you wo n't find a better combination of price and functionality .
PRINTER
Lexmark Z1300
$ 29.99 direct
www.lexmark.com
Since it includes an ink cartridge worth $ 18.99 , the actual price of this compact color ink jet printer is arguably around $ 6 .
Out of ink ?
Buy a new printer .
Read the full review of the .
CAMERA
JAZZ JDC5 QVGA 3 - IN - 1 Digital Camera
$ 10 street
audio-discounters.com
Small enough to hang on a keychain , this tiny shooter uses a single AAA battery to capture images measuring 352 by 288 pixels .
MEDIA PLAYER
Coby MP - C833 128MB MP3
Player
$ 10 street
www.cobyusa.com
It plays MP3s and WMA files and has all the music control buttons you 'll need , plus it doubles as a USB thumb key for file storage .
MOBILE PHONE
Motorola C139 from Tracfone
$ 14.99 direct
www.tracfone.com
It may lack the sex appeal of an iPhone , but the C139 makes calls .
They 'll cost you 10 cents per minute , prepaid .
Read the full review of the .
SCANNER
Canon CanoScan LiDE 25
$ 49.99 direct
www.usa.canon.com
This no-frills , three - button flatbed scans pictures at 1,200 pixels per inch over a slow but workable USB 1.1 connection .
Read the full review of the .
Sure , I use Facebook for networking and to keep in touch with friends .
But sometimes the website gets so annoying that I just want to beat my head against a wall .
Here ’s why .
10 . Applications
I have apps like everyone else , and some are fun .
But some apps need to be destroyed forever .
How many times can a zombie bite me ?
How often will Pokey Puppy throw a bone at me ?
Will my friend hate me if I ignore her “ best friends forever ” request ?
And by the way , would you really trust the Zombies app ?
“ Brains … brains … …. BRAINS ! Brains … ” Yes , they ’re eating my brain .
Every time I get a zombie request , a neuron in my brain dies .
9. Gossip Girl
A girl ’s status recently read : “ Jane Doe is wondering why some of her women friends over 32 are not mature ?!?! ”
Since she only had one woman friend over 32 , it was easy to figure out who she was talking about .
But this begs the question – if she had a problem with her friend , why did n’t she just tell her ?
Why whine about it in her status ?
With friends like that …
8. Piggy - Back Apps
One day , someone sent me a rum & coke on Facebook .
Deciding this app would pass the “ Dube Test , ” I accepted it , only to find Rate My Friends loading on my Facebook !
WHAT ?
I hate Rate My Friends !
Sure enough , the rum & coke was a smokescreen to trick me into loading an app I hate .
Sadly , there was no rum & coke for me that day . 😦
7. “ Look at Me ! ” Syndrome
Unfortunately , when many adults sign into Facebook , they are bitten by the “ junior high bug ” and start acting like prepubescent teens .
There are plenty of examples …
Take the grown man who included a “ PayPal Donation ” on his page .
I do n’t think he looked at the demographics of Facebook users first .
Most of us are n’t wandering around with tons of extra cash just begging to be thrown wildly into cyberspace at individual people .
And if we did have that kind of money , we ’d be wasting it on these :
Girls , take note .
If your boyfriend does n’t give you a birthday gift , but he ’s sending hundreds of these out to other girls , you might have a problem .
6. Stalkers
( Note : Picture from www.markmoore.terapad.com)
Unless your Facebook is set to be viewable by only your friends , someone is spying on you .
Guaranteed .
These pages are magnets for creeps who would rather watch you through the Internet than actually talk to you in person .
5. Relationship Hell
Whatever you do , never advertise your relationship on Facebook .
Adding “ in a relationship with ” is like putting up a billboard that reads , “ Please !
Hit on my boyfriend ! ” or “ Hey guys !
Stalk my girlfriend ! ” I ’m not kidding .
For some reason , twisted people see the “ relationship status ” as an invitation to break it as quickly as possible .
Women and men alike flock to the “ no longer available ” with e-mails and wall posts ( usually accompanied by photos that really belong in the back corner of a video store ) .
Which brings me to …
4. Slutty Profile Pics
I ’m sorry , but I really do n’t want to see your naked picture on Facebook , even if you do think you ’re God ’s gift to men or heaven ’s present to women .
What ’s even worse is when you go to the person ’s profile page and it ’s covered with Bible verses and quotes about how conservative they are .
Sorry , but you ’re not fooling anyone .
3. Are You Interested ?!
Apps like these are out to make Facebook the single most annoying website in the history of the Internet .
First of all , why on earth would anyone add that information on an Internet application ?
“ We will keep track of who is crushing on you so you do n’t have to ! ” Internet becomes Big Brother anyone ?
But most importantly – is n’t this what we did in elementary school ?
I prefer men now , not boys who hide behind Facebook applications .
2. Unwanted Friends
Sure , I could make my page on Facebook unsearchable .
But that kind of negates the point , does n’t it ?
I like friends from elementary school or former work colleagues to be able to find me .
But the cost of this is great .
Every now and then , I receive a friend request from someone I really ca n’t stand .
Sometimes it ’s a person I deleted before .
Sometimes it ’s a person who deleted me and now wants to be my friend again .
Umm , you got rid of me .
Why would I take you back ?
Worst of all are the times it ’s a “ friend ” who just wants to spy on me for someone I deleted .
I only have this to say to them :
1. Weapons of Mass Destruction
Far too many times , I ’ve seen Facebook used by a disgruntled person as a weapon of mass destruction .
Just check out the sad story about Megan Meier for a worst case scenario involving Facebook ’s sibling , MySpace .
A good friend of mine experienced this once too .
After her “ nice guy ” dumped her , he took time to make fun of her “ broken heart ” online with his sleazy buddies .
Oh , but wait !
His profile still talked about what a lovely Christian man he was ( rolling my eyes ) .
People : Facebook was not created to be your personal weapon of mass destruction .
For another example , check out this lovely find :
This girl broke up with her boyfriend on Facebook .
How mature .
Now look at how nicely Facebook capitalized on it :
Oh - so - classy is the “ broken heart ” ad for a Facebook app on the left .
Nice move , Facebook .
Real nice .
******
Note as of 10/15/2013 : Please check out www.WiredForPR.com/blog/ –
It ’s my new blog ( although I ’ll still update this one from time to time ) .
900 people arrive at the meeting point
Our No Pants mission has grown quite a bit from the small , subtle , seven - person operation from 2002 .
Ever since the police handcuffed 8 participants back in 2006 , the news media has gone completely crazy over the concept of pantless subway riders .
The amount of coverage both before and after this year ’s event is beyond absurd , but ultimately the more people who learn about it and participate , the better .
It ’s an old idea , but this year hundreds of people were experiencing it for the first time , and no matter how much publicity it gets , in a city of 8 million plus tourists , there will always be people who have no idea what is happening .
In many ways , No Pants has turned into an annual parade , complete with police escorts .
The police were super friendly this year .
They both had never heard of us before , and were amused when they found out they were on “ No Pants Detail . ”
In year ’s past we ’ve always used the 6 train , but with a crowd three times the size of last year , I decided to expand it to the 2 and R trains as well , both a short walking distance from our meeting point .
This put around 300 people on each line , with each car growing stop by stop from 1 to 30 pantless riders .
Spreading it out like this helps keep the spirit of the mission alive .
While much of the day was complete insanity , there were still moments on each car where one or two pantless riders stood amongst a car of regular folks with no cameras in sight .
Organizing 900 people
Thankfully it was 50 degrees out
Team Leader Agent Good talks to his group
300 people head for the 6 train as others head to the R and 2 trains
Like last year , we actually used two separate trains for each line .
For the first train the effect is that at every stop new people are standing up , removing their pants , and leaving the train .
People on the second train then see pantless subway riders waiting on the platform and entering their car at each stop .
As my group boarded our assigned car and sat calmly waiting for the train to move , I realized that I did n’t know a single person in the group .
We were all strangers to each other .
In many ways , we were just like a normal train car , a bunch of strangers quietly sitting and ignoring each other .
The key difference was that we all knew that we would soon be seeing each other pantless .
I got off at the first stop and passed the time reading Agent Ace $ Thugg ’s new book .
At the first stop one rider got out from each of the ten cars .
As the train pulled away , the ten of us were left spread out along the platform .
Two guys walked by all of us , laughing hysterically and giving us reviews of our underwear .
“ Nice !
Classic , polka dots with bright orange backdrop , ” they shouted to me as they went past .
People always want to know what the male / female ratio is at No Pants .
Over the past 7 years it ’s gone from 0 % to about 50 % female .
People gawking at the pantless from across the platform
As usual , we got all sorts of different reactions from people .
Most laughed and smiled .
Some looked around with wild bewilderment .
Others tried to ignore us .
A few got angry and offended .
There was a woman who was standing next to me for 10 stops .
She did n’t crack a smile the whole time or give any indication that she even noticed what was happening .
Right before her stop , she took out a camera phone and calmly took exactly one picture before exiting the train .
Even she could n’t resist .
Although our participants are instructed to play things completely straight , and to insist that they simply forgot their pants and do not know the other pantless riders , this year there was just a touch of winking happening in the book choices made by some riders .
Agent Siegel , who was handcuffed in his underwear in 2006 , reads “ You Are Going To Prison ”
After heading uptown , the R and 6 train riders got out and boarded a downtown train to Union Square for our post - mission meet up .
As the 2 train does n’t stop at Union Square , its riders actually made a transfer at Times Square to the R , which resulted in a hilarious parade of pantless folks marching through the station .
It was even crazier at Union Square as the three trains converged and poured all 900 riders out into the station .
Everyone gathered above ground in the park and most kept their pants off .
The mild 50 degree day really made it quite comfortable to go pantless .
A few regular folks in the park decided to take their own pants off and join in on the fun .
It was contagious .
Random woman removes pants to the delight of crowd
Two men decide to join the group
This year there were even a few agents ( counter - agents ? ) who showed up with their own agenda : to spread the word of pants .
They handed out pro-pants brochures that read like hilarious religious tracts , and tried to prosthelyze the pantsless .
They even had their own t- shirts .
There was much screaming and shouting as they clashed with the angry pantless mob .
No Pants has grown into a huge social event , with participants making fast friends with each other .
Many folks show up alone and end up meeting tons of new people .
There were several unofficial after - parties at various nearby pubs .
The mission continued into the night as entire bars were filled with pantless patrons .
Some got a little drunk , it seems .
While participating , it was fun to think about the fact that there were people in 9 other cities in 3 countries doing the exact same thing .
It was summertime in Adelaide , Australia ( 78 degrees )
Baltimore , MD
Boston , MA
It was a cold 39 degrees outside in Chicago , IL
Washington DC
Portland , OR
San Francisco , CA
Salt Lake City , UT
Toronto , Canada
The Today Show even made a national map of the event .
Mission Accomplished
OTHER RESOURCES :
We have compiled an exhaustive list of flickr photo sets , videos , and news articles from all 10 regional No Pants Subway Rides and put it all together in one post .
From Lester Holt of The Today Show laughing about us to a Turkish newscast talking about us in Turkish , it ’s all here for your enjoyment : No Pants Complete Photos & Video Worldwide
There are also tons and tons of mission reports detailing the experiences of participants from the New York and regional rides .
Everyone has their own personal story from their own unique experience :
NYC Agent Reports
Regional Agent Reports
With the concession that today 's climate of fast paced and high volume information transfer may render a discussion of Zeitgeist , the Movie completely obsolete , I would like to share my reactions to the film .
Part I : The Problem
First , for any readers who have n't seen the film , Zeitgeist is a free documentary with three broad subjects :
The history of religion and especially modern Christianity , the events surrounding the destruction of the World Trade Center in 2001 , and the formation and impact of the Federal Banking Reserve .
“ Zeitgeist ” is a German phrase that defies translation - it is literally “ spirit of thought ” and refers to the collective paradigm of a people with respect to a particular area .
It is embedded here if you 'd like to watch it .
In nearly all the meta - literature surrounding Zeitgeist the phrase “ conspiracy theory ” is applied to varying degrees , from documenting public opinion on the film to classifying its genre .
In the interest of a potentially unbiased answer to the question “ Does Zeitgeist rely on conspiracy theory , ” let 's first look for a definition of the phrase .
According to the Random House Unabridged , via dictionary.com :
1. a theory that explains an event as being the result of a plot by a covert group or organization ; a belief that a particular unexplained event was caused by such a group .
2 . the idea that many important political events or economic and social trends are the products of secret plots that are largely unknown to the general public .
If you accept the first definition , then it seems perfectly obvious that Zeitgeist is a conspiracy theory .
Used in that unemotional way , the phrase truly consists of an adjective attached to a noun and does n't carry with it the associations that “ conspiracy theorist ” , for example , does .
The second definition , which interestingly is not featured in the American Heritage dictionary , is usually employed by someone attempting to slander and marginalize a particular viewpoint or group of people .
Conspiracies , according to the first definition , clearly have and therefore most likely still do occur .
One uncontroversial example of this resulted in Nixon 's resignation .
On the other end of the spectrum , many fringe enthusiasts go around believing , or at least claiming to believe , that Hitler 's regime did not , in fact , engage in genocide .
After seeing Zeitgeist it seems necessary to place it somewhere on the conspiracy spectrum .
Are the claims that the creators make sustainable or even meritorious of consideration ?
Since there are really three separate subjects to the film , perhaps we must consider each separately .
Because I will from here forward make the case that Zeitgeist is meritorious of consideration and perhaps even an urgent call to action , I will play the devil 's advocate and err on the side of stating the proposed conspiracies in a more extremist fashion .
The organized monotheism of the modern world has pagan roots and , although some of its supporting assumptions may derive from human nature , groups of powerful people have always used religious paradigms as a tool to control their constituents .
Personally , I have a very hard time respecting religious apologetics , but the debate of theism vs. atheism does n't really come to bear on this conspiracy theory .
Either a secular ethicist or a religious apologetic must needs condemn disingenuous acts by our leaders .
So the question remains : do powerful people such as Viktor Bout , George Bush , King Richard the Lionhearted , etc. believe in God ?
Or do they merely profess to ?
In a study published by the Journal of Religion and Society , the following quote appears :
“ ... the populations of secular democracies are clearly able to govern themselves and maintain societal cohesion .
Indeed , the data examined in this study demonstrates that only the more secular , pro-evolution democracies have , for the first time in history , come closest to achieving practical “ cultures of life ” that feature low rates of lethal crime , juvenile - adult mortality , sex related dysfunction , and even abortion . ”
Inasmuch as the people responsible for leadership of the masses are knowledgeable in political theory , this concept must not have slipped by them .
It is , however , in the most truly democratic and secular societies that small groups of individuals are least likely to control large percentages of the wealth .
Countries such as Ethiopia , Cuba , and increasingly the United States , are poster children for this concept .
You might stop reading right now if I proposed that , in a strict sense , Jesus Christ ( if he existed ) was an atheist .
What about the question of the Christ 's literal existence ?
Zeitgeist proposes that the story of Jesus of Nazareth is a deception that relies on the proliferation of incorrectly referenced , if not completely fraudulent , texts .
Considering literacy rates in the alleged time of Jesus Christ , as well as the number of people who supposedly had personal contact with Him , this conspiracy theory is n't as far - flung as , say , the Roswell landings .
However , the scope of the Jesus myth 's impact seems much larger , and has certainly been much more resilient .
The destruction of the World Trade Center towers in 2001 was an organized demolition perpetrated by a small group of individuals who continue to benefit from the resulting public opinion trends .
Part 2 of Zeitgeist is by a long shot the most accusatory , controversial , and compelling section of the film .
Many people , especially citizens of the United States , probably take personal offense at the utterance of this conspiracy theory .
Such emotional devotion to a concept such as The United States of America testifies to the success and prevalence of today 's Zeitgeist .
The film brings up a plethora of compelling evidence to support the second conspiracy theory , most notably in my opinion a statement by one of the architects of the World Trade Center buildings that they designed the towers to withstand the impact of a Boeing 747 jet .
Perhaps it is prudent to consider the magnitude of the September 11th events in an attempt to place it on the conspiracy theory spectrum .
Just under 3,000 people perished as a result of the terrorist acts of 9/11 ( no matter who perpetrated them ) .
That number is remarkably similar to the casualties at Pearl Harbor in 1941 .
Many historians challenge the schoolbook suppositions that United States politicians were unaware of Japan 's imposing threat to national security and that the Pearl Harbor attacks were unprovoked and surprising .
Such historians meet with plenty of opposition but we do not label them conspiracy theorists .
At least , not to the extent that we admonish proponents of the so - called “ Loose Change ” 9/11 conspiracy theory .
According to the Associated Press , at least as many U. S. soldiers have died in Iraq as civilians who perished on September 11 , 2001 .
Our brave leaders have frittered away billions of tax dollars fighting the War on Terror .
Where is that money going ?
The Federal Banking Reserve is in the control of a deceptive , uber - powerful cartel of select individuals who slowly but surely widen the gap in available resources between well - meaning patriotic citizens and the elite ruling class .
Because I am not well educated in macroeconomics , if I tried to expound upon Zeitgeist 's claims I might do the cause more harm than good .
Truly , much of the specific information in this part of the film slipped by my consciousness , but the main message is clear : if you participate in our economy of currency , it matters very little whether you barely scrape by or you excel to a fairly remarkable degree .
Due to the bastard union of “ civil servants ” and banking interests , you will always fall victim to rising inflation and usury in its most pejorative form .
Indeed , participants in the least dynamic economic systems will suffer more cruelly than citizens of “ first world nations , ” but if you use currency issued by the Federal Banking Reserve you will always be running to catch up .
In placing Zeitgeist 's final argument on the spectrum of conspiracy theory extremism , it seems clear that its scope and extent are the greatest of the three .
Logic would dictate that with enough dedicated research the economics of the Federal Banking Reserve would become transparent .
But the reality of the Federal Banking Reserve makes the information and " laws " ( resulting from closed - door consensus of very few individuals ) related to the organization are unavailable to the public .
Indeed , the creators of the film admit that the proposed conspiracy is the greatest act of public fraud ever accomplished - we have nothing with which to compare it .
Please do your own research on this subject .
Part II : The Solution
One drawback to watching Zeitgeist ( and also a prime reason for labeling the creators as “ conspiracy theorists ” ) is that if you are open to its information it leaves you with a very gloomy picture of the world in which we live .
If you subscribe for just a moment to the conspiracy theories I have just outlined , you may find yourself feeling very helpless , persecuted , and claustrophobic .
The film does n't provide any action plan to solve the problem - it leaves you to draw your own ethical conclusions .
With the aid of logic through use of Punnet Squares , I will now propose several practical solutions to the apocalyptic results that must follow if these conspiracies do , indeed , exist .
And , in the interest of science , results are also posted in the case that the theorists are wrong .
Compare results to make your own decisions on these questions we cannot conclusively answer .
The diagrams should be mostly self - explanatory , and the resulting conclusions are merely one person ’s interpretations of their implications .
Conclusions :
Do not give money to religious institutions .
As long as you make ethical decisions when you disperse your resources , you do n't have to worry about the fiery wrath of God coming down upon you .
Give your tax - exempt donations to secular institutions .
They are more accountable to the general public .
Do n't waste your time attending a church , synagogue , or mosque .
If you avoid breaking the ten commandments , you will probably stay out of jail and besides , you can always repent on your deathbed .
A just creator is much more concerned with the consequences of your actions than your belief in Him .
Conclusions :
Refuse to vote for politicians in major parties .
The difference between Democrats and Republicans is negligible and lulls the populace into the assumption that we have the ability to effect change through the current , two party voting system .
Support local political movements that have the potential to positively impact the legislation process , however narrow the focus might be .
Become involved in the political process .
Run for office or campaign for a non-traditional candidate .
Conclusions :
Make changes toward a sustainable lifestyle .
Reduce your carbon and economic footprint .
The less you depend on Big Brother and his currency the more free you will be .
Participate in barter economies .
Trading goods and services is a great way to get off the grid .
Reduce your income .
It costs surprisingly few dollars to achieve a basic standard of living if you plan carefully .
Vote with your fork .
The food we buy is one of the most important ways we can leverage our power .
George Orwell said it best :
“ During times of universal deceit , telling the truth becomes a revolutionary act . ”
I wholeheartedly welcome any responses , comments , or challenges to the viewpoints I have espoused as I grapple with these questions in an ongoing search for like - minded , motivated allies .
News in Science › Space and Astronomy
Saturn moon awash with oil
Saturn moon Titan has hundreds of times more liquid hydrocarbons than all the known oil and natural gas reserves on Earth , scientists report .
But this massive reserve is at least 1.2 billion kilometres away from us , on a tiny inhospitable world where on a warm day it 's minus 179°C .
Researchers from the European Space Agency ( ESA ) , report their findings about Saturn 's orange moon in the journal Geophysical Research Letters .
Their results suggest that methane and ethane fall like rain from the sky , forming massive lakes and seas .
And complex organic molecules called tholins are believed to make up Titan 's oily dunes .
" Titan is just covered in carbon - bearing material .
It 's a giant factory of organic chemicals , " says scientist Dr Ralph Lorenz , Johns Hopkins University .
Lorenz is a member of a team poring over radar data sent back by the US space probe Cassini , which dispatched a European probe , Huygens , to the moon 's surface .
Understanding Titan 's carbon - chemistry cookbook may unlock knowledge as to how Earth 's carbon - based life began , the researchers hope .
The elder Romney , who was unable to assemble sufficient conservative support to thwart McCain , has made no public comment since the McCain camp was rocked ...
The 60 - year - old Romney , who " suspended " his campaign for the GOP nomination after a disappointing showing on Super Tuesday and a week later endorsed McCain , was taking a break from politics this weekend on a skiing vacation in Utah with his wife , Ann , according to his 32 - year - old son .
Josh Romney , one of former Gov. Mitt Romney 's five sons , says it's " possible " his father may rejoin the race for the White House , as a vice presidential candidate or as the Republican Party 's standard - bearer if the campaign of Sen.
John McCain falters .
... by a controversial article in the New York Times last week first revealed in December in a posting on the Drudge Report .
The article , which was criticized even within journalism circles and by the newspaper 's own ombudsman for its anonymous sourcing and lack of documentation , implied that the 71 - year - old presumptive Republican presidential nominee had an improper relationship with a female lobbyist and did favors for her corporate clients .
McCain and the lobbyist have unequivocally denied the charges , and numerous conservatives , once hesitant to support the more moderate senator , have flocked to his support , at least against the liberal Times .
However , subsequent published reports have contradicted some of McCain 's denials of meetings with corporate executives while he chaired the Senate Commerce Committee , and if further revelations occurred , it could raise questions about the Arizonan 's viability as the GOP nominee .
Because he suspended rather than terminated his campaign , Romney still retains control of the nearly 300 delegates he 's already won .
Another former governor , Mike Huckabee , remains in the race and is nearing Romney 's delegate totals , though few give him a realistic chance of catching McCain , with more than 900 delegates .
On some Sunday morning talk shows , Huckabee maintained his belief in " miracles " and said the race was not over until someone gets 1,191 votes .
After a full year of campaigning for his father around the country , Josh Romney , who is the only Romney clan member to reside in Utah , is reported to be considering a race for the House of Representatives as a Republican representing Utah 's 2nd Congressional District , a seat currently held by Democrat Jim Matheson .
In an interview with the Deseret Morning News to be published in Monday 's editions , the younger Romney acknowledges that he is considering the House race .
" I 'm pretty young , " he says , " but I 've had good experience on the campaign trail . "
He campaigned for his father all year and invested the summer visiting each of Iowa 's 99 counties .
Josh Romney said he was gauging the effect of a political life on his career as a real estate developer and on his young family : his wife , Jen , and their children Gracie , who is 5 , Wyatt , 3 , and Owen , 1 .
He 's asked about speculation that , given the McCain troubles , his father might reenter the Republican race either as a candidate for the top spot or as the party nominee 's vice presidential partner , and Romney replies that it's " possible . "
Then , he adds , " unlikely , but possible . "
It was the first sign from the Romney camp or family that the former Massachusetts governor 's political plans for 2008 were anything but over .
Such a move could provide a possible rallying point for conservatives , who awaited a perfect conservative candidate and held back from supporting Romney all during 2007 while the campaigns of other conservatives , including Kansas Sen .
Sam Brownback and Fred Thompson , collapsed .
By the time they began drifting toward Romney , McCain , whose campaign also collapsed earlier in 2007 , had assembled a string of wins in New Hampshire , South Carolina and Florida and went on to win California and build a seemingly insurmountable delegate lead .
A Ticket item here Sunday noted Romney 's graceful exit from the Republican race , which was characterized by the unusual absence of a follow - up plea for donations to retire campaign debt .
The Romney campaign cost $ 98 million , $ 42.3 million of it contributed by the candidate himself .
But do n't look for Josh Romney to lend his name to the McCain campaign .
" It 's one thing to campaign for my dad , someone whose principles I line up with almost entirely , " he told Lisa Riley Roche .
" I can't say the same thing for Sen. McCain . "
As of early Monday morning the Romney campaign website remained shuttered , displaying only a photo of the smiling Romney couple and a thank you message extolling the greatness of America .
-- Andrew Malcolm
A few days ago I bookmarked a recipe for Bacon - Flavored vodka to try making , but in the last few days , the site has gone dark .
Luckily , Google still has a cache of the page , so before it gets lost forever , I thought I 'd rerpoduce it here to add to our growing list of bacon - themed ingestibles .
Home - school family in Germany flees after father jailed By Jean - Baptiste Piggin Deutsche Presse Agentur
Published : Monday August 28 , 2006 By Jean - Baptiste Piggin , Hamburg - A German couple who are determined to educate their six children entirely at home have fled the city of Hamburg after the father , Andre R , 44 , was jailed for a week for refusing to enrol his offspring in a public school .
The R family are evangelical Christians who believe that public schools are a bad moral influence on children .
Father R has a university degree in teaching , so he thought he could teach his five daughters and one son their reading , writing and arithmetic at home .
But the couple have hit a brick wall with German school authorities , who say they will apply the full power of the state until the R family yields to compulsory - education laws .
In February , Andre R and wife Frauke , 39 , were hauled into court and fined 840 euros ( 1,090 dollars ) for defying education laws .
This month , five police showed up at the family 's rented , suburban row- house and hauled Andre R off to the Hamburg city prison .
Andre R refused to give in , so after a week among murderers and drug dealers , he was released and the authorities tried a new tack .
Officials last week began fetching the children each morning from the R home and taking them to school .
Custody of the children is to taken away from the parents and the children will become wards of the state .
On Monday , no one answered when officials came knocking at the door of the R home .
Armin Eckermann , president of the German Home - Schooling Association , who is advising the family , said , " They have left Hamburg . "
He declined further details .
The Frankfurt - based association represents Germans who are seeking a relaxation of the law and tolerance for families who believe they can offer their children a better education at home than at school .
About 2 per cent of school - age children in the United States do most or all of their learning at home , according to US government statistics .
Parents can attend courses and buy books that explain homemade education step by step .
The home - schooling movement is well established in other English - speaking nations such as New Zealand , where inspectors regularly check the learning performance of home - schooled children .
A majority of home - schooling parents are concerned that schools will undermine the religious commitment of their children .
German educators argue in reply that schools are a means to integrate children into society .
The odyssey of the R family , who are believed to be the only German family holding out to the last against compulsory schooling , began in late 2001 when they took their eldest daughter , now 15 , out of a private school and began teaching her at home .
By now , three girls and the boy are of school age .
The family unsuccessfully challenged compulsory education orders in court in 2003 .
When the R parents were charged in court in February this year , the whole family apart from the baby showed up in court , towing a hand - truck full of textbooks .
The girls , wearing conservative long dresses and plaited hair , offered to demonstrate their educational prowess to the judge .
Andre R , who said he attended university to study teaching for his children 's sake , described how he taught his five - year - old son the laws of physics while they observed sauce cooking on the stove .
Emotion got the better of the father , and he wept as he described their long fight for conscience and Christian fundamentalism .
To no avail .
The judge said the children were being " isolated " and convicted both parents of an offence under the education act .
Appeals followed , but all of Germany 's higher courts have over - ruled would - be home - schoolers in the past .
Last week the R family abandoned the legal - appeals process as hopeless .
While the family has won growing media attention , neither the mainstream churches nor parent groups who are on German education consultative bodies have offered the R family any support .
Frauke R , who is pregnant , told newspapers while her husband was in jail , " We prepared the children for his arrest and they are OK .
I miss him , but God will take care of him . "
Speaking of her daughters , 15 , 13 and 10 , she said , " They do n't want to attend schools . "
Alexander Luckow , a spokesman for the Hamburg education authorities , said application had already been made in court to seize custody of the children , with a decision due within days .
The order would apply throughout the 25 - nation European Union , he added .
Andre R has worked part - time as a private teacher for neighbourhood families while his wife has been a receptionist for a paediatrician .
The family 's meagre income is supplemented by donations and tax credits for the children .
© 2006 DPA - Deutsche Presse - Agenteur
The Massachusetts Vital Records are a great resource .
Births , marriages and deaths in Massachusetts from 1941 to 1920 .
are readily available on FamilySearch.org .
FamilySearch.org usually include a scan of actual record , which is helpful as not all information is indexed .
Some people may not be aware that the records from 1916 to 1920 are not indexed .
If you did a search , you will not have results from this era .
But with a little work , you may still get good results .
The scans of the images are mostly available .
The records are in order by city or town and date .
If you have an idea of the place and time of a record , you may get results .
Recently , I was looking for information on my wife ’s second great grandmother , Marie Lavalle .
I did n’t have much on her .
I knew she lived in Southbridge and died between the 1910 and 1920 Federal Censuses .
I started my search by leafing through the Southbridge death records .
I found her on page 22 in the 1917 Southbridge death records .
The record contained her parents ’ names , birth date , death date , and burial location .
With the names of Marie ’s parents , I was able to quickly find additional information .
Her father , Cyril Lavallee , died in Southbridge in 1919 .
Coupled with the research of others , this was the information I needed to further my research .
How to hate Barack Obama / Right now , deep in the GOP dungeons , they 're planning their racist , disgraceful assault .
Whatever will it be ?
The name thing is just too damn easy .
Childish , sophomoric , a given .
Of course , this does n't mean they wo n't use it .
A lot .
I mean , my God , his middle name is the same as Dubya 's irrelevant little dead arch - enemy and his last name rhymes with that of the most - wanted terrorist in the world and this one 's pretty much already in the can , nothing much for the right to do with Barack Hussein Obama 's moniker except " accidentally " mispronounce it as " Osama Hussein " over and over again on Fox News and at McCain rallies and across Wal - Mart 's loudspeakers so trailer park denizens across Bush 's ' Merka will get even more confused and panicky and start loading up the bunker with Ding - Dongs and Coors just in case the Muslim radicals take over .
No , the problem for GOP strategists is not how to inflame the troglodytic , Limbaugh / Coulter - grade sects of the party who , assuming Obama goes the distance , are already hugely terrified of the notion of a black liberal president , given how he 'll surely be a slippery slope straight to gay marriage and rampant lesbianism in schools and hourly shriekings to Allah as everyone 's forced to give up their guns and drive a hybrid moped to the tofu store .
The true difficulty facing the GOP 's henchmen in the coming months will be how to get those who are just a tiny bit smarter , calmer , less easily swayed , those on the right who might actually be a bit impressed and charmed by Obama 's obvious intelligence and oratory power , to hate him , fear him , find his genuinely moving brand of hope and inspiration to be suspicious and problematic and even deeply dangerous .
It wo n't be easy .
Because at the same time , they must make their own unlikely candidate , a feisty but fuzzy 71 - year - old war hawk whose entire campaign is apparently now being fueled by a giant hunk of Cold War phlegm , the nauseating notion that not only is a perpetual state of war and aggression desirable for America , but is actually essential to a healthy and functioning nation , they must make John McCain 's musty , patriarchal brand of regurgitated Republicanism seem fresh and visionary and not horribly regressive and embarrassing .
Wish them luck .
Or , you know , do n't .
So then , here 's the fun little game all progressives can play until the election itself .
Assuming Obama gets the nod , just how will they attack him , smear him , paint him as an evil and untrustworthy force for the nation , the way they did Al Gore and John Kerry ?
How nefarious , racist , draconian will they get ?
We have a few hints , the first one allegedly ( if you believe the Drudge Report , which you should almost never do ) coming from the Hillary Clinton campaign .
That old photo of Obama wearing a traditional head - wrap and robe while visiting Kenya , looking vaguely like a terrorist because as everyone knows , only terrorists wear traditional tribal garments ?
Not bad .
That sort of thing has potential , something the right normally would hurl all over the airwaves as fast as possible , though it mostly just reeks of the same kind of ignorance - baiting as the " Osama Hussein " name game .
They 'll have to do better .
What about the shocking lapel - pin scandal , wherein Obama allegedly refused to wear an American flag button , causing a bunch of angry fat white men in the GOP to grumble and pretend to be outraged over his " lack " of patriotism ?
Sure , it was deeply stupid reaction .
Yes , the minor furor was merely meant to enrage the gun - rack - on - the - pickup - truck crowd .
But the patriotism angle might be something they can poke at .
Hell , they just do n't have much else .
See , unlike Hillary , Obama can't be effortlessly demonized .
He does n't have Hillary 's infamous laundry list of faults and transgressions , the enormous built - in wall of hate the right already has for her , her gender , her husband , everything she represents and carries forward from the Bill Clinton era .
Smart as she is , Hillary has truckloads of baggage .
Obama has but a tiny carry - on .
At the moment , the McCain camp is spinning like mad , trying to find its footing and apparently basing his entire run on permanent tax cuts ( the same ones he voted against , twice ) and war war war .
McCain himself ain't exactly the world 's sharpest tack , and , given how he's the presumptive GOP nominee only through a rather astonishing series of flukes and lucky breaks , he has enough trouble of his own just trying to articulate a coherent message that does n't offend the entire planet .
He 's far short of a master strategist .
What 's more , he has yet to hire one .
There 's no true genius hate artist like Karl Rove around anymore to attempt to unify the racists and the white evangelicals and the Latinos and the war - lovers into one giant , seething , Obama - fearing voting bloc .
Which might be impossible , but given the deeply fractured nature of the conservative wing , it might be McCain 's only hope .
That , and attacking Obama .
Will they go for his past drug use ?
Not available .
He 's already admitted to everything in his own book , and it 's pretty tame .
Major past policy errors ?
Does n't have any .
And what he has accomplished is remarkably consistent with his current vision .
Lack of military experience ?
Nope .
The Bush administration saw to it that military experience is considered useless , with Dubya himself running AWOL and even Dick " Go F- Yourself "
Cheney saying he had better things to do than serve in Vietnam .
Which leaves us with the one true hot button , the ugly issue everyone expects : race .
This is the card the right will have to play very , very carefully , as the slightest slip - up in demonizing Obama 's skin color and playing to America 's nastiest , deep - set racist tendencies will offend millions and only make Republicans look like the party of old , white , sexist , racist , classist warmongering men they very much are .
But rest assured , if the past eight years are any indication , play it they will .
For one thing , the GOP is now counting on the cultural discord that 's been simmering for years between the Latino and African American communities .
While it's hard to imagine Latinos flocking to the Republicans , given the party 's hateful , isolationist immigration agenda , McCain is immigration - friendly , and Obama is , well , black .
Will it be enough to sway millions of Latinos McCain 's way ?
Does the right even have the power structure in place to try ?
Because here 's the thing :
When they stole two elections for Bush , the brutal , homophobic conservative machine was tightly organized , had focus , mountains of cash , Karl Rove , the backing of a very nefarious , deeply inbred team of ultra- wealthy war hawks hell - bent on taking over the nation and ruling with a flaccid peni- ... er , iron fist .
But now , this monstrous machinery has collapsed , failed , fractured into so many warring factions .
There is much foment .
There is enormous discord .
Iraq is a disaster .
Amid the smoking wreckage , McCain stumbles .
Nevertheless , one thing seems certain :
We have yet to see the worst — and most deviously racist — of the attacks on Obama .
The sad news is , there are simmering pockets of racist hate in this nation that have never really been tested , pockets of such vehement intolerance and power that it 's impossible to know what demons lurk , what sort of outrage will erupt .
After all , there is simply no historical precedent for what we are about to get into .
No one with Obama 's uniquely appealing makeup has ever made it this close to the White House .
And hence , it 's almost a sure bet that the remnants of Bush 's Republican machine , mangled and disgraced though it is , will still struggle mightily to find a hugely shameful , pitiful pathway toward playing on Middle America 's darkest fears .
All puns , unfortunately , intended .
Mark Morford 's latest book is ' The Daring Spectacle : Adventures in Deviant Journalism ' .
Join Mark on Facebook and Twitter , or email him .
His website is markmorford.com .
For his yoga classes , workshops and retreats , click markmorfordyoga.com .
Mark 's column appears every Wednesday on SFGate , and is frequently cross-posted to Huffington Post .
To join the notification list for this column , click here and remove one article of clothing .
To get on Mark 's personal mailing list , click here and remove three more .
This column also has an RSS feed and a very handy archive page .
Individuals like driving around the Nürburgring because of the challenge it presents .
For instance , you might be coming around a corner with a bit too much speed , correct , then correct again and then end up tires - up waiting for the 100 € wrecker while a couple of smartass mates make quips about how much the different parts of your 911 GT3 will go for on eBay .
In this case , the challenge is explaining to your insurance agency what happened .
Maybe this unlikely driver can tell them he / she was trying to catch Sabine Schmidt .
That 's legit , right ?
[ YouTube ]
Advertisement
An Exercise in Interpretive Lexicography Relating to the Recent Hostilities
An Army of One : soldiers who dump their girlfriends / boyfriends right before an overseas deployment ostensibly to spare them the pain of long - term separation .
Also The Cult of Aloneness .
Black Swan-ism : idea that the war in Iraq is essentially an unknowable event , divorced from the law of cause and effect , its participants merely awaiting the next unforeseeable catastrophe such as the bombing of the Golden Mosque in 2006 which set off a wave of sectarian violence .
Calendar Karma : secret mental calculus used to plan operations based upon a unit ’s stateside rotation date , the idea being that the last days of a given deployment are always the most dangerous , i.e. all combat tours end early .
CNN Solipsism : tendency of newly - arrived , Ivy League - educated reporters from major outlets to view the war in exclusively news - cycle terms .
This person has no idea of why someone would enlist in the military and has never before visited the Middle East .
Such individuals think nothing of chatting up privates about the political fallout from the lack of up - armored Humvees in theater .
Combat Corporate : personal style pioneered by L. Paul Bremer , now favored by civilian Green Zone denizens who wish to appear to be in touch with the troops .
Look includes power tie , pressed button - down shirt , chinos , and standard - issue desert combat boots .
In a further attempt to manifest solidarity with the troops , combat corporateers will go so far as to sunbathe in order to foster a field - savvy appearance .
Adherents are sometimes referred to as Fashion - Forward Fobbits .
Combat Slumming : act of visiting active combat zones by non -combat personnel in order to experience the war first hand and / or to “ see how the boys are living . ”
Common to the combat corporateer demographic .
Combat slummers can be seen reading the latest issue of Foreign Policy at the dining hall .
Also Salt - of - the Earth-ism or Outside the Wire-ism .
Coppola Crypticism : practice of peppering daily life in Iraq with obscure references from Apocalypse Now .
Deployment Snobbery : condition common to soldiers of the 10th Mountain Division , who have been deployed overseas longer than any other unit in the army .
Symptoms include insensitivity to the plight of others who have n’t been in Iraq or Afghanistan as long as your unit .
Related to ( but not as pernicious as ) KIA Snobbery .
Greatest Generation Envy : tendency to compare a unit ’s operational accomplishment to events in World War II , e.g .
“ Well , Husaybah was n’t Iwo Jima , but my boys did one hell of a job with this godforsaken town . ”
Guilt Gifting : ubiquitous care packages sent to the troops from stateside “ We Support the Troops ” groups in an effort to assuage their own sense of guilt about the war .
A form of Freudian sublimation .
Also Care Package Patriotism .
Related to ( but not as pernicious as ) Car Magnet Patriotism .
IED Irony : tendency to make flippant ironic comments about being attacked in the secret belief that such comments can make one safer , e.g .
“ God , would n’t it be sweet if we got IEDed today ?
Then the deployment would be over ! ”
Jargon - Jamming : tendency among military officers to obscure actual events behind arcane military terminology , usually in an attempt to make a given event seem more significant , e.g .
“ We conducted a cordon - and - knock and PUC ’d seven LNs , one of which turned out to be our number - one HVT ” ( “ We caught a big suspect last night ” ) .
KIA Astrology : looking over casualty reports for similarities between yourself and the recently killed - in- action , e.g .
“ Wow , some guy in the 101st with my birthday just bought it . ”
Media Valor : tendency to launch needless and dangerous operations in order to put on a good show for an embedded reporter , the idea being that even if casualties are taken , the memories of the fallen will live on in the media , exemplified by belief “ It ’s better to be famous than alive . ”
Operational Electioneering : practice of halting or slowing military operations to coincide with upcoming stateside elections in the hope that the resultant drop in casualties will have a desirable political impact at home , e.g. Operation Phantom Fury , the second assault on the city of Fallujah , an operation that had been planned months prior but was launched a mere five days after the 2004 presidential election which resulted in the re-election of George W. Bush .
Also Casualty Manipulation .
Operational Nostalgia : homesickness for the 2003 invasion , e.g . “ Fuck all this nation - building crap .
The world was so much simpler back in ‘ 0 3 ”
Q’uran - o- centrism : obsessive reading of the Q’uran by combat troops in the futile hope that it will help explain the larger situation in Iraq , e.g .
“ After my first firefight I emailed my Mom and told her to send me a copy of the Yusuf Ali translation .
I just want to understand how these people think . ”
Retro-destruction -ism : the idea that technology and the internet have rendered history irrelevant and that the best way to understand modern warfare is simply to read the news .
Santayana-ism : the idea that technology is irrelevant and that history is merely repeating itself .
Adherents of Santayana - ism inevitably predict an impending Tet Offensive in Iraq .
Secondhand Cinema : the tendency to remember one ’s combat experiences as outtakes from popular war movies , e.g. “ Remember the Black Hawk Down day we had in Doura last month when Aiello bought it ? ” Also Movie Memorializing .
Stateside Breakdown : period of mental collapse upon return from Iraq / Afghanistan ; frequently caused by an inability to function outside of a structured military environment and a realization of the one ’s inability to communicate the war experience to others .
Often marks the beginning of the Tactical Wanderlust phase .
Tactical Wanderlust : condition common to soldiers with ailing personal lives .
Unable to comprehend the rhythms of stateside life , they continually volunteer for overseas assignments in order to avoid having a normal , stable lifestyle .
Thousand Death Syndrome : process by which a combat veteran loses the war against his / her imagination , from Shakespeare ( who never saw combat ) , “ A coward dies a thousand deaths .
The valiant die but once . ”
Vic Morrow Vintage -ism : the tendency among certain soldiers to equip themselves with outdated equipment because of its perceived coolness , e.g. the Sergeant Major in Ramadi who carried a Vietnam - vintage M - 14 complete with a wooden stock .
Violent Voyeurism : the attitude that no event is significant , including combat , unless it can be made into a video and distributed over the internet .
Mr Cameron likens his efforts to missionary work - without the travel he so fears .
" I do n't like flying .
I 'm just frightened of all the possible risks of visiting other countries .
But I can do something from here . "
Mr Cameron 's farm near Tooraweenah - population 76 , about 60 kilometres from Coonabarabran - was seen as an ideal testing ground because the conditions were similar to those in some Third World countries .
Among the teething problems he identified in early XO versions was a battery that failed to charge when the temperature reached 45 degrees .
He has also helped develop the free software used on the XOs .
But his greatest contribution has been testing the range of the wireless connection between laptops on the long dirt roads and across the hills of Warrumbungle National Park , near his home .
The XOs use a wireless mesh network that connects all laptops within range - without the need for infrastructure such as routers or cables - so children can collaborate on any computer activity .
The charity 's vice - president of software engineering , Jim Gettys , was in Australia this month to give an update on the project to a conference of free - software developers .
In recent weeks the first batch of 250,000 XOs has been sent to Peru , and charity staff have visited Mongolia to show teachers and students how to use the computers .
Mr Gettys described some of the hurdles they had had to overcome - children 's homes without electricity , low literacy rates , no knowledge of the internet in some communities and languages in which computer terminology has yet to be created .
The laptops have a hand - crank or a solar panel to power them , a screen that can be read in bright sunlight , sturdy handles and dust - resistant keyboards sized for children 's fingers , and all the features of normal laptops - a camera and microphone , USB ports and game pad keys .
" Children all over the world are just as able to learn as our kids , " Mr Gettys said .
" They may have no place to learn except under a tree .
Conventional laptops are pretty useless in that instance . "
COVID - 19 cases at RiCI continue to rise
Forty - eight inmates at RiCI are currently positive for coronavirus , up 71 percent from one week ago , when 28 inmates were listed as positive , per ODRC website .
HBase : Bigtable - like structured storage for Hadoop HDFS
HBase has an awesome community resource in our online book .
It 's maintained and looked after with diligence .
In contrast , the below Wiki content has not been updated since 2012 .
For that reason , the Wiki has been deprecated ( see HBASE - 14481 ) .
Please update your links .
You can find historical pages ( which have been updated to give the new links to the relevant content ) below .
Obsolete / Stale
Harry Reid is set to bring a FISA fix bill to the floor today , a bill that would correct some of the most egregious problems of the Protect America Act .
Remember that one ?
The one that Congress rushed through just before August recess on the basis of a bunch of bogus " threats " by al Qaeda on Capitol Hill .
Yesterday , the Senate received a closed door briefing from Director of National Intelligence , Michael McConnell , and Attorney General , Michael Mukasey .
Who knows what stories McConnell and Mukasey had to scare our already quaking lawmakers this time ?
If they do n't grant the telcos retroactive amnesty from prosecution for unlawfully spying on Americans , al Qaeda will steal Christmas ?
Because that 's what it 's all about this time .
Harry Reid has a choice .
He can bring one of two bills to the floor .
The Intelligence Committee reported out their " fix " of the bill which includes telco amnesty .
The Judiciary Committee one that does n't include it .
Fourteen members of Reid 's caucus , including all of the presidential candidates , are on record expressly asking Reid to to make the FISA bill passed by the Senate Judiciary Committee ( SJC ) the base bill to be considered on the Senate floor .
Or he can bring the bill that the administration wants to the floor , the one that will be more likely to keep the record of illegal spying by this administration under wraps .
What 's Reid going to do ?
Word is as of now , he 's going to reject the request of his fellow Dems , and bring telco amnesty to the floor in the form of the Intelligence Committee bill , possibly over the objections of Chris Dodd , who has stated his intent to place a hold on any amnesty bill , and even a potential filibuster by his own caucus .
The Judiciary bill will be offered as an amendment to that base bill , and amendment that is sure to fail .
It 's not just the blogosphere that has a problem with this .
Here 's what the NYT editorial page has to say :
Mr. Bush , of course , wants fewer , not more , restrictions and wants those powers to be made permanent .
He also wants amnesty for telecommunications companies that gave Americans ’ private data to the government for at least five years without a warrant .
Senator Harry Reid , the majority leader , seems intent on doing the president ’s bidding .
He has indicated that instead of the Judiciary Committee ’s bill , he may put on the floor a deeply flawed measure from the Senate Intelligence Committee that dangerously expands the government ’s powers and gives undeserved amnesty to the telecommunications companies .
The White House says amnesty is intended to ensure future cooperation but seems truly aimed at making sure the public never learns the extent of the companies ’ involvement in illegal wiretapping .
That will leave Democratic senators like Christopher Dodd and Russ Feingold in the absurd position of having to stage filibusters against their own party ’s leadership to try to forestall more harm to civil liberties .
Reid wo n't only be going against Feingold and Dodd on this .
He 'll be going against Daniel Akaka and Bob Menendez - - not your average liberal firebrands , but Senators who signed on to that letter opposing telco amnesty .
He 's also be going against Senators Biden , Clinton , and Obama , all of whom will hopefully remember their promise to support Dodd 's filibuster , if necessary .
It 's time for some real leadership in the Senate , for someone to stand up to Bush .
This would be a great place to start , and our presidential candidates are just the people for the job .
Domain Moved
Sorry , the page or resource you requested was not found .
Please visit us at our new corporate site : Trustwave.com
Redirecting ...
Posted on by Joseph Demme
This just in : According to Twin Galaxies , Steve Wiebe will be attempting to reclaim the world record for having the best Donkey Kong score , which Billy Mitchell currently holds .
The contest will be held in Las Vegas tomorrow night at 6:00 - 10:00 PM .
According to Twin Galaxies ’ scoreboard , here ’s how it ’s stacked up :
1. Billy L Mitchell 1,050,200 points
06/26/2007
2. Steve J Wiebe 1,049,100 points
03/23/2007
Will Billy Mitchell still be the “ King of Kong ” tomorrow night ?
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : Life , Uncategorized | Tagged : billy mitchell , contest , donkey kong , film , high score , king of kong , las vegas , points , score , steve wiebe , twin galaxies , video game |
Microgaming Casino Slots
🕓 2 min read
How to Determine If the Website Is Providing Legitimate Casino Slots ?
As online casinos these days become so famous , you may be then interested to find a website that is capable of offering you real casino slots games .
But before that , the primary thing for you to do is to get well - acquainted with the various sorts of casinos available in the real world as well as in the virtual world .
Doing that is really essential so that you can determine that you land in the right internet casino site .
It will be an advantage to your part then .
However , if you are struggling to come up with a reputable online casino slot that pays , then you might need some help .
Finding a reputable site to play casino slots on can be done effectively by simply following the suggestions outlined below :
Golden Tiger 1500 multi-deposit bonus JOIN Captain Cooks Pay 5 Get 100 Spins JOIN Casino Action 1250 Free Cash Bonus JOIN
Royal Vegas 1200 welcome bonus JOIN Jackpot City 1600 in free credits with deposit JOIN River Belle Casino 800 sign up bonus JOIN
Gaming Club 350 match bonus JOIN All Slots Casino Free 1500 with deposit JOIN Zodiac Casino 80 free spins with 1 deposit JOIN
Check the Customers ’ Reviews
One of the best things that you have to consider is the remarks provided by the customers of a particular casino site .
These remarks were made by those individuals who were once clients of a particular casino website .
If you find out that a lot of previous customers are making great comments , then that casino website would surely be the perfect one for you .
If you have read undesirable comments from the customers however , do not settle on that site of course .
Always bear in mind that being wise can keep you from regrets that you may encounter ahead .
Find out if No Download is Required
Another thing you have to take into consideration is whether the casino slots games offered by the casino website is downloadable or not .
If it requires no download then , it is very much advantageous for you since you can easily play the casino game anytime you want .
These days , online casinos preferably offer no download casino games because casino gambling junkies do n’t like the idea of downloading the games in their computer units .
Know If You Can Play the Game Even on Your Spare Time
Lastly , you have to figure out if the site will allow you to play casino slots games even in your short spare moments .
You have to consider this of course because not all the time you can play the casino games as you have your work in order to make a living .
Besides , some other gambling enthusiasts just want to play casino games during their vacant time .
Consider these things out and you will have great casino gaming times for sure .
This is why Microgaming casino slots are the best as they hit all these factors with high ratings .
More classiness , from one of Clinton 's top surrogates , Geraldine Ferraro .
If Obama was a white man , he would not be in this position .
And if he was a woman ( of any color ) he would not be in this position .
He happens to be very lucky to be who he is .
And the country is caught up in the concept .
Ferraro is n't some unknown lower - level or obscure advisor , but one of her top fundraisers , member of Clinton 's finance committee , and a former Democratic vice presidential nominee .
Update : Comment by slatersan :
Tags
Although most commentators concede that the free market does a decent job providing regular goods and services day in and day out , for some reason they believe that when it comes to unlikely but catastrophic events , government intervention is necessary .
An excellent example of this misguided mindset is the recent argument over what to do with the federally administered Strategic Petroleum Reserve .
We 'll see that government involvement only makes things worse , and that the free market — if only allowed to do its job — would solve the alleged problem .
FEARING OPEC : THE STRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE
The Strategic Petroleum Reserve ( SPR ) was authorized in 1975 in response to the OPEC embargo .
Its purpose is to provide an extra cushion in the event of another import disruption .
The SPR currently contains about 700 million barrels , or two months ' worth of net oil imports for the United States .
The Bush Administration is currently buying about 50,000 barrels of oil per day to add to the stockpile , a move that has raised criticism from people such as Hillary Clinton , who argue that the government should be taking steps to lower oil prices rather than raise them .
In a recent op ed , I made a ( necessarily brief ) case for selling off the SPR entirely .
The government would net some $ 56 billion which could be used for tax relief , and the valuable oil would be placed under private control .
But what if there were another OPEC embargo ?
Is n't everyone telling us that we need to decrease our " dependence on foreign oil " ?
Contrary to popular belief , the free market is particularly well suited to anticipate and prepare for future supply disruptions .
After all , the whole purpose of insurance companies is to evaluate and prepare for unlikely but catastrophic events .
In the case of oil , there are sophisticated markets not only for spot oil ( i.e. , oil traded in the present ) of various grades and locations , but there is also a " futures market " for oil , in which buyers and sellers can lock in today their price and quantity for a transaction to take place on a specified future date .
It gets even more complicated , for there are call and put options , at various strike prices and exercise dates , that one can buy on oil futures ; see here and here for more details on these derivatives .
The crucial point to remember is that there is nothing magical about government officials .
There is no intrinsic reason to expect them to better forecast future disruptions in oil imports .
Just as Wall Street can look at futures contracts to back out " the market 's " views on the likelihood of a Fed rate cut , so too does the complex web of various prices on financial contracts allow us to deduce the implied likelihood of various spot prices of oil in the future .
The market price takes into account the " bets " made by all relevant participants ; it pools the information , so to speak , of everyone all over the world who has a strong enough opinion to put money behind it .
To see how all this works , suppose there were no government - run SPR and that tensions with Iran suddenly escalated .
Analysts would forecast huge spikes in the spot price of oil in the event of military strikes .
Depending on the likelihood of this happening , prices on oil futures as well as more exotic derivatives would constantly adjust with every development in the standoff .
Investment banks issuing call option contracts would hedge themselves by buying oil futures , raising the price on futures contracts for oil .
Because of the possibility of arbitrage , the rising futures price of oil would in turn drive up the current spot price as well , even if the impending military confrontation would n't happen for months .
The higher spot price of oil would raise gas prices and so forth , leading everyone to economize on oil consumption — exactly how we would want them to behave .
Here 's an interesting wrinkle that I could n't dwell on in my earlier piece because of space constraints .
A clever critic might say , " Yes Dr. Ivory Tower , I agree with you that an impending war with Iran would scare the market , causing the futures price of oil to shoot up .
As you say , this would lead domestic oil producers — who are purely trying to maximize profit , not become geopolitical analysts — to sell more futures contracts .
And I also agree that arbitrage would make the rising futures price pull up the current spot price , too .
But so what ?
The problem with oil is that our domestic producers have capacity constraints .
The point of the SPR is to have a stockpile of already pumped oil , ready to go .
In a purely free market , what incentive would there be for someone to accumulate such a stockpile ? "
This is a subtle but important question .
Whenever the defender of the free market gets momentarily stumped , I 've found that the solution is to not try to " force it " but just calmly think through the incentives everyone faces .
After all , the beauty of the Invisible Hand is that the individual actors do n't have to understand the big picture .
To see under what circumstances private speculators would maintain their own stockpiles of oil , we need to review the relationship between spot and futures prices .
In a mathematical finance textbook , they will teach you that the equilibrium futures price must be just high enough , relative to the spot price , to exactly offset storage costs and interest .
If it were higher than this critical value , then an arbitrage opportunity would exist : someone could sell a futures contract ( promising to deliver the item in the future ) , then buy the item on the spot market and store it , waiting for the delivery date specified in the futures contract .
This possibility keeps the spot and futures prices of items such as shares of corporate stock in a tight relationship with each other .
But things are not so simple when it comes to oil .
Here , there is not a fixed stockpile that is being allocated between present and future owners .
On the contrary , what people are really buying and selling is oil that has already been extracted , and this is a quantity that can vary over time , depending on the actions of oil producers .
If the futures price of oil goes through the roof , the spot price might not immediately jump up to the new level , as dictated by storage and interest on the invested capital .
It might lag behind , precisely because of the pumping capacity of the various domestic oil fields .
Think of the situation from an individual oil producer 's point of view .
All of a sudden he has a huge increase in people wanting to buy futures contracts from him .
But once he has promised to deliver a certain critical quantity during a future month , he knows that if he sells even more barrels for delivery in that month , his unit extraction costs will go up .
In other words , if demand for " future oil " is sufficiently high , the oil producer has to insist on a markup for future oil that is higher than even the storage and interest costs require .
The " arbitrage - free " relationship of the textbooks would not be satisfied , and people would have the incentive to buy spot oil while selling short oil futures .
Naturally , the oil producer himself might elect to do this , but he does n't need to .
There might be others who are more adept at stockpiling large quantities of oil above ground .
The elegance of the market economy is that the division of labor allows people to specialize in very precise niches .
In our example , one group of experts might forecast the impending military strike on Iran , and dabble in the financial markets accordingly , even though they never directly deal with a single barrel of oil .
The oil producers respond to the change in demand , even though they might have no clue about the military situation .
And finally , the most able warehousers see the unusual configuration in spot and futures prices , and stockpile oil accordingly , even though they may have no idea about the relative extraction costs facing the producer .
Through it all , the profit - and - loss system weeds out those who do a poor job , and rewards those who perform their specific task .
SOCIALIZED OIL RESERVES
In contrast , what are the incentives for government officials to correctly calibrate the precisely optimal size of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve ?
Since it 's not their money on the line , there really are none .
This is an important point , so let 's think it through .
When it comes to a private speculator , if he thinks that the United States will bomb Iran next month — and that others have n't anticipated this possibility as he has — he stands to profit by buying what he believes to be underpriced oil futures contracts .
But what if he 's wrong ?
To the extent that his forecast influenced others , he will lose money .
For example , if he just bought one or two thousand barrels worth of oil , this would n't have done much .
But if he controlled a large hedge fund , and bet very heavily on his hunch , then his very actions would have pushed up the price of oil futures , as we described in the section above .
As time passed and everyone else realized the price was too high , it would move back down , and the speculator would lose accordingly .
He would have that much less financial capital with which to mislead markets in the future .
There is no such feedback mechanism when it comes to government officials .
Right now the Bush Administration is buying oil at some $ 90 per barrel to add to the SPR , and some analysts argue that this action itself is significantly propping up oil prices .
Is this good or bad ?
It 's impossible to say , since the government is not trying to turn a profit .
We can't even use noneconomic criteria , because this is an economic issue .
For example , one might say , " Well , if OPEC did put another embargo on us , during which the SPR ran dry , then we'd know the officials in charge miscalculated , and that they should be fired ! "
Yet this apparently sensible rule is no help .
If that rule were in place , the government officials running the SPR could simply slow the rate at which they emptied it , to ensure that it never ran dry during the embargo .
If people complained at the slow drawdown , the officials could rightfully respond , " What are you complaining about ?
The embargo has no end in sight , so we need to conserve . "
Without resorting to a profit - and - loss test , there would be no way to argue with them .
There is one respect in which the government could be expected to do a better job administering the SPR , due to its privileged position in anticipating future supply disruptions .
After all , government officials would presumably know if the United States were going to bomb Iran before private oil speculators would !
And with all of its intelligence networks , it 's possible that the United States would better anticipate foreign " surprises " as well .
There are several weaknesses with this justification for the government - run SPR .
First , we still have the incentive problem ; without their own money on the line , there would be a different set of rewards and punishments for the officials making the decision , and these criteria would not necessarily line up with the economically sensible ones .
For example , they might not want to tip off foreign enemies that the United States was about to move , by entering the oil markets with massive buying .
A second problem is that " the government " is not a monolithic entity .
The people making the military decisions are not the ones stockpiling the SPR .
As anyone who has studied the government in practice knows , there is no reason to expect different agencies to communicate with each other , especially when it comes to something as sensitive as impending military strikes .
Finally , a third problem is that the " intelligence " gathered by government agencies is itself suspect .
For the narrow task of anticipating future oil prices , I would trust the data and analyses gathered by private parties over that culled from government sources .
CONCLUSION
As we have seen , the free market has very sophisticated institutions to deal with potential supply disruptions , while the government has nothing analogous .
Unfortunately , these private - sector mechanisms can only work effectively when speculators know that they will be able to reap the rewards for their farsighted behavior .
If , instead , they know that during an " emergency " they would be slapped with " windfall profits taxes " or even have their oil seized outright , then the crippled market wo n't perform nearly as well .
To prepare for another OPEC embargo , the federal government just needs to get out of the way .
( CNN ) -- Ecuador 's President Rafael Correa withdrew his government 's ambassador in Bogota , Colombia , and ordered troops to the country 's border following a Colombian raid against leftist rebels inside Ecuador .
Ecuadoran President Rafael Correa recalls his country 's ambassador to Bogota on Sunday .
In a televised address , Correa called a raid by Colombian national police and air force one day earlier a " massacre " that killed civilians .
The strike at dawn Saturday killed two leading figures in the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia ( FARC ) , a Marxist movement that has fought a guerrilla war against the country 's government for some 40 years .
One of the dead was FARC 's second - in - command , Luis Edgar Devia Silva , known as " Raul Reyes . "
The incident has triggered a crisis among the three countries , as Venezuela President Hugo Chavez also ordered 10 battalions of troops to the Colombian border and the closure of Venezuela 's embassy in Bogota .
Chavez pledged to " support Ecuador in any circumstance , " he said on his weekly talk show , " Alo Presidente , " or " Hello , President . "
Watch the implications of the raid »
" We do n't want war , but we will not allow the North American empire -- which is the master -- and its sub -President [ Alvaro ] Uribe and the Colombian oligarchy to divide , to weaken us .
We will not allow it . "
The three countries are neighbors , with Colombia , a U.S. ally , squeezed between Ecuador , to the southwest , and Venezuela , to the east .
In the past two months , Chavez has brokered FARC 's release of six hostages , who were among 750 hostages the group is estimated to be holding in the jungles of Colombia .
Reyes , who was a member of the seven - man FARC leadership council known as the general secretariat , played a key mediation role in their release .
Also killed was Guillermo Enrique Torres or " Julian Conrado , " who was a key FARC ideologue .
" The Colombian oligarchy says it was combat , " said Chavez , whose leftist politics have been credited for his warm relations with the rebel group .
" It was not combat .
It was a cowardly murder , coldly prepared in its entirety .
The truth is coming out . "
Chavez said Saturday that the Colombian government had violated Ecuador 's sovereignty and added that , had the operation been conducted on Venezuelan soil , he would have declared war against Colombia .
" Colombia 's government recognizes -- in a happy and irresponsible attitude -- that it has violated the sovereignty of a neighbor country , and that 's worrisome , " he said .
" President Uribe , think well .
Do n't think about doing that over here , do n't think it .
Because it would very serious , a military raid in Venezuelan territory would be casus belli [ cause for war ] .
There is not any excuse . "
Also on Saturday , Correa told reporters in Quito that Uribe told him the raid occurred after a FARC column fled across the border and fired at Colombian forces , who " had to defend themselves . "
But Correa said his forces investigated Uribe 's claims and discovered that the Colombian planes attacked the guerrillas as they slept in a camp 2 km ( 1.2 mi ) inside Ecuador .
" Of course Ecuadoran air space was invaded , " he said .
He said Colombian ground forces then crossed into Ecuador and retrieved Reyes ' body , leaving the others .
" We will not permit this outrage , " he said .
" Either President Uribe was misinformed and will have to sanction his commanders who deceived him , breaking every international bilateral proceeding by entering our territory or Uribe simply lied .
In either case , the situation is extremely grave and the Ecuadoran government is disposed to go to the ultimate consequences . "
Chavez called Uribe a " liar , " a " criminal " and a " gangster . "
" Colombia is a terrorist state , a subject of the biggest terrorist in the world , the United States government , and all of its imperialist apparatus , " Chavez said to applause .
Colombian Defense Minister Juan Manuel Santos denied that Colombia violated Ecuadoran airspace in the operation ..
The White House said Sunday it was " monitoring the situation . "
" This is an odd reaction by Venezuela to Colombia 's efforts against the FARC , a terrorist organization that continues to hold Colombians , Americans and others hostage , " spokesman Gordon Johndroe said .
FARC has justified hostage - taking as a legitimate military tactic in a long - running and complex civil war that also has involved right - wing paramilitaries , government forces and drug traffickers .
E-mail to a friend
All About Hugo Chavez • Ecuador • Colombia • Venezuela
MercExchange Saga Over : eBay Just Buys The Patents
from the done - and - done dept
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
It would appear that the saga of MercExchange and its patents is finally over , as eBay has agreed to buy the questionable patents from the company effectively ending the longstanding lawsuit .
The saga began quite a few years ago , when the patent office granted a patent on the concept of online auctions ( no , seriously , do n't laugh ... it happened ) along with some other related patents for things like the concept of offering a " buy now at a set price " feature on an auction .
Not surprisingly , the guy eventually got around to suing eBay over the patent .
Luckily , a court tossed out the online auction claims as being too vague , but did proceed with a patent infringement case over eBay 's " Buy It Now " feature -- eventually awarding the guy $ 30 million , even though the patent office was beginning to question the validity of MercExchange 's patents ( yes , well after they had granted them ) .
The case ended up getting plenty of national attention , but not for the main part of the case .
Instead , one of the legal questions raised by the case -- whether or not a judge should issue an automatic injunction preventing the use of patented technology when someone is found guilty of infringing -- made it all the way to the Supreme Court , where a judge found ( reasonably so ) that automatic injunctions do n't make sense , and courts should look at a variety of factors in determining if an injunction is necessary .
This was an important finding , and it meant that the judge back at the actual case did n't force eBay to stop using its " Buy It Now " feature .
However , eBay did still lose the case and was told to pay the $ 30 million .
eBay was in the process of appealing the ruling , but by buying the patents , it 's now over .
While no amount is given , you 'd have to guess that they paid somewhere near $ 30 million as the ruling required , perhaps a little less as incentive to avoid having to pay lawyers ' fees during an appeal .
While it still seems silly that eBay had to pay many millions of dollars for daring to let people buy a product at a set price , at least the Supreme Court did get a chance to set a precedent using a part of this case .
Of course , now we need to hope that eBay does n't turn around and sue others for violating the same questionable patents .
Filed Under : patents , settlement
Companies : ebay , mercexchange
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - Thousands of people in northeastern China have protested on the streets and surrounded government offices demanding help recovering money from a get - rich - quick scheme to raise ants to make an aphrodisiac tonic .
Hundreds of anti-riot troops and police in Shenyang , capital of Liaoning province , were deployed to stop protesters reaching the provincial government and Communist Party headquarters , residents said on Wednesday .
The irate investors from across Liaoning , a rustbelt province striving to attract investment , have demonstrated in Shenyang since Monday and sporadic clashes with police have broken out , they said .
Several thousand protesters gathered near the provincial government offices on Wednesday , a resident told Reuters by telephone .
The investors -- many of them laid - off workers or farmers -- put their savings into Shenyang ’s Yilishen Group for a scheme in which they raised ants to provide ingredients for a health tonic promising an aphrodisiac boost .
For every 10,000 yuan ( $ 1,350 ) they paid the company as “ deposit , ” investors were promised a dividend of 3,250 yuan .
The tonic was promoted on television by Zhao Benshan , the country ’s best - known comic who specializes in playing innocent bumpkins with a northeastern twang .
But since October , the group has twice delayed payment of dividends , fuelling investor fears that it was on the brink of bankruptcy or that the government might have frozen its funds .
“ We strongly demand the government offer a way out for Yilishen ! ” read a banner held by protesters as they marched along a Shenyang street .
A photo of the banner was posted on Internet and blog sites .
An ant crawls on its colony 's hive in Roccafluvione , Italy , September 1 , 2006 .
Thousands of people in northeastern China have protested on the streets and surrounded government offices demanding help recovering money from a get - rich - quick scheme to raise ants to make an aphrodisiac tonic .
REUTERS / Daniele La Monaca
China has seen rising protests from farmers and disgruntled workers as inequality and corruption stoke popular resentment
The unusual origin of this latest uproar was a reminder that even as China ’s economy booms , there are pitfalls that can spark discontent from citizens eager for a share of wealth .
Chinese media have said the scheme collected more than 10 billion yuan from hundreds of thousands of Liaoning residents .
USELESS RUSE ?
Some local reports have said the ants were a useless ruse for an illegal scam , but the group has survived several probes in the past eight years and investors had previously received their dividends on time , protesters said .
As they looked for reassurance , panicked investors have turned their ire on the government .
“ If Yilishen goes bankrupt , the government will be the chief culprit , ” said a message that appeared briefly on domestic Chinese Web sites before it was removed .
“ The government will be drinking our blood . ”
A Shenyang resident told Reuters that about 1,000 people had collected in front of the company ’s head office on Wednesday .
Repeated calls to the office by Reuters went unanswered .
Investors said the group ’s good relations with the government and its commercials on state television had convinced them Yilishen was legitimate .
“ It has been out there for eight years and the government has given the company and the manager so many honors .
We thought there must n’t be any problem , ” investor Li Dechun told Reuters .
He said he had poured more than 200,000 yuan into the scheme .
A spokesman for the Liaoning provincial government said officials had been talking to the protesters , and the company ’s failure to pay dividends was not due to any government action .
“ Most of the investors are from the lower class of society .
Some have threatened to take more radical actions , such as blocking trains at the railway station , ” a local resident surnamed Cong told Reuters .
Online discussions about the protests and the ant scheme were quickly removed from Web sites , as were recent news reports about Yilishen .
The Group ’s Web site was also shut , announcing “ service unavailable . ”
Keeping a close eye on developments in the 2008 U.S. Senate races
Expand the Map !
Tom Allen ( ME ) $ Andrew Rice ( OK ) $ Larry LaRocco ( ID ) $ Rick Noriega ( TX ) $
Recent Posts
Democratic Party Links
Democratic Senatorial Incumbents and Candidates
Republican Incumbent Primary Challengers
Retirements , Resignations , and Passings
Links
National Blog Roll
State Blog Roll
Candidate - Specific Blogs & Sites
Cheering Them OnRevealing Their Record
Note :
This is a privately run blog , not connected to any political campaign , candidate , committee or organization .
Contact the Senate 2008 Guru at senate2008 guru at yahoo dot com .
" We do not inherit the earth from our ancestors ; we borrow it from our children . "
- Native American proverb
Cost of the War in Iraq
( JavaScript Error )
YouTube Video Library
WHICH OF THESE two decisions do you think has a bigger impact on someone 's life : finding the right job , or finding the right significant other ?
No one 's going to argue with the notion that where you live affects your employment prospects .
But the place you call home has a lot to do with your chances of finding the right partner as well .
Having an enticing " mating market " matters as much or more than a vibrant labor market .
It 's not just that some places have more singles than others .
If you 're a single man or a single woman the odds of meeting that special someone vary dramatically across the country .
By far , the best places for single men are the large cities and metro areas of the East Coast and Midwest .
The extreme is greater New York , where single women outnumber single men by more than 210,000 .
In the Philadelphia area and greater Washington , D.C. , single women outnumber single men by 50,000 .
I met my wife outside Detroit , where the odds were greatly stacked in my favor - single women outnumber single men by some 20,000 there .
In fact , single women outnumber single men in many large cities around the world , even though men outearn women at all ages , according to Lena C. Edlund , a Columbia University economist .
One reason young women in the prime marriage years - the 25 - 44 age range - flock to big cities is to compete for the most eligible men .
And smart women who gravitate to vibrant cities are more likely to stay single - for longer , at least - because they rightly refuse to settle for someone who can't keep up with them intellectually or otherwise .
But women do have an advantage in the American West and Southwest .
In greater Los Angeles , for example , there are 90,000 more single men than women .
In Phoenix and the San Francisco Bay Area , single men outnumber single women by roughly 65,000 .
There are considerably more single men than women in San Diego , Dallas , and Seattle , too .
Each of these regions has grown substantially over the past two or three decades , offering jobs in everything from high tech to construction and services .
As numerous studies of migration show , men - especially those in regions with declining economies - are initially more likely to move long distances for economic opportunity , while women are more likely to stay closer to home and family .
Being in a place where the gender odds are stacked against you can be very frustrating .
" When I was in Chicago , it was never long between dates " says one single male .
" When I 'm hanging out with friends [ in the San Francisco Bay Area ] , often times in a large room with few if any women , we routinely turn to the topic of how the dating scene sucks . "
The world 's glaciers are melting faster than at any time since records began , threatening catastrophe for hundreds of millions of people and their eco-systems .
The details are revealed in the latest report from the World Glacier Monitoring Service and will add to growing alarm about the rise in sea levels and increased instances of flooding , avalanches and drought .
Based on historical records and other evidence , the rate at which the glaciers are melting is also thought to be faster that at any time in the past 5,000 years , said Professor Wilfried Haeberli , director of the monitoring service .
' There 's no absolute proof , but nevertheless the evidence is strong : this is really extraordinary . '
Experts have been monitoring 30 glaciers around the world for nearly three decades and the most recent figures , for 2006 , show the biggest ever ' net loss ' of ice .
Achim Steiner , head of the UN Environment Programme ( UNEP ) , told The Observer that melting glaciers were now the ' loudest and clearest ' warning signal of global warming .
The problem could lead to failing infrastructure , mass migration and even conflict .
' We 're talking about something that happens in your and my lifespan .
We 're not talking about something hypothetical , we 're talking about something dramatic in its consequences , ' he said
Lester Brown , of the influential US - based Earth Policy Institute , said the problem would have global ramifications , as farmers in China and India struggled to irrigate their crops .
' This is the biggest predictable effect on food security in history as far as I know , ' said Brown .
Based on the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 's mid-range prediction that global temperatures will rise 2C above their long - term average , UNEP last year warned of further dramatic declines in glaciers by the end of the century .
The revelation that the world 's glaciers are in retreat came as Tony Blair began a series of high - level environmental meetings in Japan , China and India as the leader of a new international team charged with securing a global deal on climate change .
In a speech yesterday in Chiba , Japan , Blair said that the world now faced catastrophe .
' We have reached the critical moment of decision on climate change , ' he said .
' Failure to act now would be deeply and unforgivably irresponsible .
The scale of what is needed is so great that the purpose of any global action is not to ameliorate or to make better our carbon dependence ; it is to transform the nature of economies and societies in terms of carbon consumption and emissions .
' If the average person in the US is , say , to emit per capita , one - tenth of what they do today and those in the UK or Japan one - fifth , we 're not talking of adjustment , we 're talking about a revolution . '
The key to that revolution was a vastly increased use of nuclear power across the world , he added .
Blair is also scheduled to meet Yasuo Fukuda , Japan 's Prime Minister , and members of the Indian and Chinese governments .
The Mitt Romney Massachusetts voters elected governor in 2002 was not the same person who started running for president barely halfway through his term .
The Romney we once knew could have made a credible case for the presidency : a smart , data - driven , can - do executive who would n't let ideology get in the way of pragmatic solutions .
This pitch could have appealed to voters weary of destructive politics and hungry for progress .
It also would have had the benefit of being true .
Instead , Romney decided that he first needed to get past the doctrinaire conservatives he thought held a chokehold on the Republican primaries .
He shed his pinstripes and donned a Tarzan suit , thumping his chest about immigration , gun control , morality , and religion .
The new suit never quite fit , and the voters knew it .
Romney ended his presidential campaign as a venture capitalist who squandered a quality brand - his own .
It 's gratifying that neither of the two Republican candidates still in the race is the darling of the hard right , if for different reasons .
John McCain , the presumptive nominee , is reviled for working with Democrats on issues such as campaign finance reform , immigration , deficit reduction , and global warming .
The unexpectedly appealing Mike Huckabee is suspect because he raised taxes as governor of Arkansas and cares about " all God 's children , " including the children of illegal immigrants .
Even more than their occasional heterodoxies , however , McCain and Huckabee share that elusive character trait of authenticity .
They may have tacked a few times on particular issues , but voters believe they are sincere in their convictions .
So much of Romney 's shape - shifting campaign seemed insincere .
Without a foundation of core principles , it became easy to see expediency , or even hypocrisy , in Romney 's performance .
When he rose indignant about New York as an " amnesty city " for illegal immigrants , it was easy for Rudy Giuliani to zing Romney about the illegals employed at his own " amnesty mansion . "
When Romney attacked McCain for sponsoring limits on campaign contributions he said hurt the Republican Party , it was easy to recall how little Romney did for the state GOP ; indeed , when Romney left office there were fewer Republicans in the Legislature than when he came in .
Romney framed his departure in terms of sacrifice to his party and country .
" If this were only about me , I would go on , " he said .
But to fight on to the Republican convention , he said , would " forestall the launch of a national campaign , " making it more likely that a Democrat could win .
It 's understandable that Romney wants to go out on a high note .
But McCain swamped him in Tuesday 's primaries , and McCain 's total of four times as many delegates made it nearly impossible for Romney to catch up .
It 's one more Romney position that cannot entirely be believed .
© Copyright 2008 Globe Newspaper Company .
( APPLAUSE )
At a time when Washington is divided in old ideological battles , he shows us what can be achieved when we bring people together to seek pragmatic solutions .
Not only has he been a remarkable leader for New York , he 's established himself as a major voice in our national debate on issues like renewing our economy , educating our children and seeking energy independence .
So , Mr. Mayor , I share your determination to bring this country together , to finally make progress for the American people .
And I have to tell you that the reason I bought breakfast is because I expect payback at something more expensive .
( LAUGHTER )
I -- the mayor -- I 'm no dummy .
( LAUGHTER )
The mayor was a cheap date that morning ...
( LAUGHTER )
... and I figured there 's some good steakhouses here in New York .
( LAUGHTER )
In a city of landmarks , we meet at Cooper Union , just uptown from Federal Hall , where George Washington took the oath of office as the first president of the United States .
With all history that 's passed through the narrow canyons of Lower Manhattan , it 's worth taking a moment to reflect on the role that the market has played in the development of the American story .
The great task before our founders was putting into practice the ideal that government could simultaneously serve liberty and advance the common good .
For Alexander Hamilton , the young secretary of the treasury , that task was bound to the vigor of the American economy .
Hamilton had a strong belief in the power of the market , but he balanced that belief with a conviction that human enterprise , and I quote , " may be beneficially stimulated by prudent aids and encouragements on the part of the government . "
Government , he believed , had an important role to play in advancing our common prosperity .
So he nationalized the state Revolutionary War debts , weaving together the economies of the states and creating an American system of credit and capital markets .
And he encouraged manufacturing and infrastructure , so products could be moved to market .
Hamilton met fierce opposition from Thomas Jefferson , who worried that this brand of capitalism would favor the interests of the few over the many .
Jefferson preferred an agrarian economy , because he believed that it would give individual landowners freedom and that this freedom would nurture our democratic institutions .
But despite their differences , there was one thing that Jefferson and Hamilton agreed on : that economic growth depended upon the talent and ingenuity of the American people ; that in order to harness that talent , opportunity had to remain open to all ; and that through education in particular , every American could climb the ladder of social and economic mobility and achieve the American dream .
In the more than two centuries since then , we 've struggled to balance the same forces that confronted Hamilton and Jefferson . : self - interest and community , markets and democracy , the concentration of wealth and power and the necessity of transparency and opportunity for each and every citizen .
Throughout this saga , Americans have pursued their dreams within a free market that has been the engine of America 's progress .
It 's a market that 's created a prosperity that is the envy of the world , and opportunity for generations of Americans ; a market that has provided great rewards to innovators and risk - takers who 've made America a beacon for science and technology and discovery .
But the American experiment has worked in large part because we guided the market 's invisible hand with a higher principle .
A free market was never meant to be a free license to take whatever you can get , however you can get it .
That 's why we 've put in place rules of the road : to make competition fair and open , and honest .
We 've done this not to stifle but rather to advance prosperity and liberty .
As I said at Nasdaq last September , the core of our economic success is the fundamental truth that each American does better when all Americans do better ; that the well - being of American business ( OOTC : ARBU ) , its capital markets and its American people are aligned .
I think that all of us here today would acknowledge that we 've lost some of that sense of shared prosperity .
Now , this loss has not happened by accident .
It 's because of decisions made in board rooms , on trading floors and in Washington .
Under Republican and Democratic administrations , we 've failed to guard against practices that all too often rewarded financial manipulation instead of productivity and sound business practice .
We let the special interests put their thumbs on the economic scales .
The result has been a distorted market that creates bubbles instead of steady , sustainable growth ; a market that favors Wall Street over Main Street , but ends up hurting both .
Nor is this trend new .
The concentrations of economic power and the failures of our political system to protect the American economy and American consumers from its worst excesses have been a staple of our past : most famously in the 1920s , when such excesses ultimately plunged the country into the Great Depression .
That is when government stepped in to create a series of regulatory structures , from FDIC to the Glass - Steagall Act , to serve as a corrective , to protect the American people and American business .
Ironically , it was in reaction to the high taxes and some of the outmoded structures of the New Deal that both individuals and institutions in the ' 80s and '90s began pushing for changes to this regulatory structure .
But instead of sensible reform that rewarded success and freed the creative forces of the market , too often we 've excused and even embraced an ethic of greed , corner cutting , insider dealing , things that have always threatened the long - term stability of our economic system .
Too often we 've lost that common stake in each other 's prosperity .
Now , let me be clear .
The American economy does not stand still and neither should the rules that govern it .
The evolution of industries often warrants regulatory reform to foster competition , lower prices or replace outdated oversight structures .
Old institutions cannot adequately oversee new practices .
Old rules may not fit the roads where our economy is leading .
So there were good arguments for changing the rules of the road in the 1990s .
Our economy was undergoing a fundamental shift , carried along by the swift currents of technological change and globalization .
For the sake of our common prosperity , we needed to adapt to keep markets competitive and fair .
Unfortunately , instead of establishing a 21st century regulatory framework , we simply dismantled the old one , aided by a legal but corrupt bargain in which campaign money all too often shaped policy and watered down oversight .
In doing so we encouraged a winner take all , anything goes environment that helped foster devastating dislocations in our economy .
Deregulation of the telecommunications sector , for example , fostered competition , but also contributed to massive over - investment .
Most modern countries are seeing a steady rise in the amount of time people spend at work .
There is some evidence , however , that this trend contributes neither to the bottom line nor to our overall well - being .
Esther Derby euthanizes the idea that long hours are a sign of employee commitment .
She cites some alternative reasons people stay late at the office , including :
One womans marriage was disintegrating and she stayed late to avoid tension at home .
Another woman was using company assets to run a side business and it was easier to hide it when people werent around .
Two people who were having an affair stayed late at work to be together .
Via Jason
Yip ’s excellent blog .
As for productivity , the sociologist Arlie Hochschild in one of her books mentions an IT copany that were in big financial trouble .
Rather than lay some people off they switched to a 30 - hour work week and a corresponding pay cut , and experienced no reduction in production .
They did the exact same amount of work in 30 hours a week as in 40 .
When the company righted itself each employee could choose to return to the original work schedule and pay or remain at 30 hours a week .
They all chose to keep the short work week .
Read the whole amazing story here .
A recent Danish study found that 90 % of managers who worked 30 - 37 hours a week were satisfied with their work - life balance .
Among managers working more than 48 hours a week , that percentage dropped to 46 .
The consequence : More stress , less job satisfaction and an increased risk that they will leave the company .
We ’ve long known that reasonable working hours are one of the most important factors determining whether people are happy at work ( and in life ) .
Long working hours are not a sign if commitment and may not even contribute to business productivity .
Therefore businesses should stop encouraging ( implicitly and explicitly ) long work hours and start rewarding the people who go home on time .
They ’re good for business .
Thanks for visiting my blog .
If you 're new here , you should check out this list of my 10 most popular articles .
And if you want more great tips and ideas you should check out our newsletter about happiness at work .
It 's great and it 's free :-)
Welcome back to the blog .
Want to learn more about happiness at work ?
Sign up for our intensive in - depth 3 - day Woohoo Academy training .
And if you want more great tips and ideas you should check out our newsletter about happiness at work .
It 's great and it 's free :-)
Share this : LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Pinterest
INDIANAPOLIS —
A convert to Islam stands an election victory away from becoming the second Muslim elected to Congress and a role model for a faith community seeking to make its mark in national politics .
Political newcomer Andre Carson is the Democratic nominee in a March 11 special election to succeed his late grandmother , Julia Carson , representing Indiana ’s 7th District .
She died in December of lung cancer , and her grandson is seeking to fill out the rest of her sixth term , which expires at year ’s end .
If Andre Carson wins the Democratic - leaning Indianapolis district over a freshman Republican lawmaker and a longshot Libertarian candidate , he would join Rep. Keith Ellison , Minnesota Democrat , as the only Muslims elected to Congress .
Mr. Carson , 33 , said he does n’t believe his religious identity hurts him politically even while American Muslims struggle to gain acceptance .
Polling last summer by the Pew Research Center and Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life found 29 percent of Americans held unfavorable views of Muslim Americans , a higher percentage than shortly after September 11 , 2001 .
“ I think it ’s more of an advantage , ” Mr. Carson said .
“ It ’s a platform to address ignorance .
It ’s a platform to really show that this campaign is about inclusion of all races and religions . ”
However , Mr. Carson said his faith does n’t drive his stands on issues , other than instilling the values that have shaped his life and led him to public service .
He said his decision - making is based on his constituents ’ needs .
“ For me , the religion piece , it informs me .
You need to respect people ” regardless of their race , religion or gender , said Mr. Carson , who is black .
“ That is the foundation I go by . ”
Mr. Carson ’s grandmother raised him in a Baptist church and enrolled him at an inner-city Catholic school , where he entertained the idea of becoming a priest .
As he grew older , he became interested in Islam , reading the poetry of the Sufi mystic Rumi and “ The Autobiography of Malcolm X . ”
He converted to Islam more than a decade ago and began attending prayers at Nur - Allah Islamic Center , a predominantly African - American Sunni mosque .
“ For me , what appealed to me about Islam was the universal aspect of Islam , ” he said .
“ All faiths teach universality .
But with Islam , I saw it regularly in the [ mosques ] , the praying , the different races . ”
After Julia Carson died Dec. 15 , Louis Farrakhan delivered a eulogy at her funeral , leading some local political bloggers to question Andre Carson ’s ties to the controversial Nation of Islam leader .
He said the ties barely exist :
His mosque is not affiliated with the Nation of Islam .
He said he approves of some of the group ’s work , including fighting drug use in Indianapolis .
Unlike many U.S. Muslims , Mr. Carson said his faith rarely has become an issue for others in his civic life or law enforcement career that included a stint with an anti-terrorism unit of the Indiana Department of Homeland Security .
Mr. Carson and Mr. Ellison spoke by telephone recently , and the Minnesota congressman who took office 13 months ago said he advised Mr. Carson to emphasize broad concerns such as the economy , the war in Iraq and global warming .
“ These things do n’t have any particular religion or color or race , ” Mr. Ellison said .
Salam Al - Marayati , executive director of the Los Angeles - based Muslim Public Affairs Council , said both men built their political base by gaining the confidence of Democratic leaders , not by running on their religion .
However , he said they need to demonstrate their faith to Muslim youth and show that civic engagement among Muslims is healthy .
“ It counters any sense of isolation or alienation , ” Mr. Al - Marayati said .
Corey Saylor , legislative director for the Council on American - Islamic Relations , said Mr. Ellison ’s 2006 election marked a breakthrough for U.S. Muslims seeking national office .
“ Post - 9/11 , there was a sense in the community that it would be hard for a Muslim to get elected , ” Mr. Saylor said .
He predicted immigrant Muslims will join black Americans like Mr. Ellison and Mr. Carson on the national political scene .
Sons and daughters of Muslims who arrived in the United States from Asia and Africa are energized politically and working on campaigns , he said .
“ We see people starting to build up the civic resume that will get them elected to public office , ” Mr. Saylor said .
“ Give them five or 10 years . ”
Even if Mr. Carson wins the special election next month and serves the remainder of his grandmother ’s term , he almost immediately will face a challenge to hold the seat .
The May 6 Democratic primary for the seat ’s next full term has attracted several candidates .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
LAUREL , Maryland – Jonathan Kuniholm 's right arm terminates in a carbon - fiber sleeve trailing cables connected to a PC .
He has no right hand , unless you count the virtual one on a display in front of him .
The CG hand , programmed to look like silvery stainless steel , moves through a sequence of motions : spherical grasp , cylindrical grasp , thumb to forefinger – all in response to signals from Kuniholm 's muscles picked up by electrodes in the sleeve .
Story Extras
Gallery : How the Bionic Arm Works
DarpaTech : Geeks , Generals and the Next Gen of War
Kuniholm and his fellow engineers at Johns Hopkins University 's Applied Physics Laboratory , or APL , are at work on the most ambitious prosthetics project in history .
They seek the field 's holy grail – to build an artificial human arm that acts , looks and feels to its user like his native arm , and to do it with astonishing speed by the end of 2009 .
To get there from here , they 'll have to achieve major breakthroughs in neurological control systems and robotics .
But they have a more immediate task , which is to assemble the next prototype , called Proto 2 , in time for Kuniholm to show it off this week at the 25th Darpa Systems and Technology Symposium in Anaheim , California .
Darpa has called on engineers at 28 companies and research institutions in six countries to help .
It all comes together in this workshop , where the APL engineers seek to integrate pattern - recognition software , custom - built computer chips , electric motors and other actuation systems into a seamless whole that a user can don in the morning and use to accomplish daily tasks like tying his shoes , typing , throwing a ball , even playing a piano , with hardly a thought .
Darpa program managers launched Revolutionizing Prosthetics 2009 two years ago to help soldiers like Kuniholm who were returning from combat in Iraq or Afghanistan missing all or part of an arm .
Most of the amputees , Kuniholm included , have elected to use simple , body - operated hooks whose basic technologies date back to World War I instead of the current generation of myoelectric arms that read muscle signals from electrodes on the skin .
The higher - tech arms are slower , heavier and more difficult to operate than hooks , whose design has changed little in almost 100 years .
Hedging its bets , Darpa is also funding the less - ambitious Revolutionizing Prosthetics 2007 project .
That effort , intended to produce the best prosthetic arm possible with currently available technology , is headed by Deka Research and Development , the Manchester , New Hampshire , company run by Segway inventor Dean Kamen .
Deka aims to unveil its completed arm by the end of this year , while APL will push past this year 's prototypes in an attempt to advance the state of the art .
For now , both Deka and APL are based on cutting - edge myoelectric control systems pioneered by Todd Kuiken at the Rehabilitation Institute of Chicago , or RIC .
Conventional myoelectric controls use electrodes on the surface of the skin to read muscle signals from some part of a user 's body unaffected by his amputation – his back for example – and pass the signal on to an artificial limb .
The user twitches her back , and the limb moves in response .
But moving one 's back muscles to operate an arm is counterintuitive , so in 2002 Kuiken improved on this system by surgically rerouting nerves from the arm stump of amputee Jesse Sullivan to muscles in his chest .
Sullivan 's re-enervated chest muscles now twitch in response to his attempts to move his missing arm , and surface electrodes pick up that muscle activity to use as a control signal .
Kuiken has also had success in rerouting sensory nerves to give artificial limbs some degree of tactile feedback to their wearers .
But surface electrodes , removed as they are from the muscles they monitor , lack the resolution to gather more than the most obvious signals – like bending the elbow or rotating the wrist .
To perform complex movements , users must perform combinations of gross movements to activate pre-programmed actions , like common hand grasps , much the way computer users activate macros to perform sets of keystrokes .
To gather signals required for finer control , Revolutionizing Prosthetics 2009 engineers will turn to rice - size injectable myoelectric sensors , or IMES – devices being developed by RIC scientists Richard Weir and Jack Schorsch , and Philip Troyk of the Illinois Institute of Technology .
Once embedded in the muscles to be read , the IMES devices will send much clearer signals , and many more of them .
Ultimately , though , scientists will have to attach tiny electrodes directly to nerves , or go right to the source with electrode arrays on the brain to give a user full dexterity .
Both options are being explored by APL 's research partners .
The engineers and managers working at APL appear not a bit daunted by the challenge .
In fact , they seem energized by it , keeping up a playful banter with one another as they work .
" Talk to the hand ! " cried an engineer when another interrupted his work at an inopportune moment .
" It 's been tremendously rewarding and exciting for me , " said manager John Bigelow , who found it hard to stay motivated in his previous job , building navigation and weapons systems for military aircraft .
He jumped at the chance to work on Revolutionizing Prosthetics 2009 .
" For me it 's just a case of doing something that can give back . "
Project head and electrical engineer Stuart Harshbarger sees prosthetics as a lifelong calling , sparked by a mowing accident that took his grandfather 's feet and with them his will to live , and by a neighbor who refused to let a missing arm deter him from such demanding tasks as pruning his own trees .
Of course , Kuniholm , who lost his hand in 2005 while serving as a Marine in Iraq , has the biggest incentive of all to complete the project .
While Kuniholm works to train pattern - recognition software to correctly interpret his commands and turn them into motion on his screen , engineer Mike Bridges , seated at a workstation around the corner , puts another of Proto 2's components through its paces .
In response to commands issued by Bridges ' computer , the Proto 2 arm attached to a mannequin executes a series of eerily fluid and lifelike motions : a salute , a swimming stroke , a hand raised to the mouth as though eating .
A bright red and yellow emergency stop switch sits at the ready in case the arm runs out of control .
Power for the arm comes from a set of heavy cables running down the mannequin 's back plugged into a heavy power supply on the floor .
The final version of the arm will have to enclose its power supply entirely within the arm , with no increase in weight over a flesh - and - blood limb .
Ordinary batteries and electric motors wo n't be up to the task , so engineers at Vanderbilt University are working on a pneumatic actuation system , powered by steam that 's produced by hydrogen peroxide reacting with an iridium catalyst .
In another part of the APL workshop , engineers Eric Faulring and Chad Dize hunch over a brightly lit workbench and pick apart the chrome inner workings of Proto 2's hand , whose wrist trails artificial tendons like white and yellow fishing line .
This so - called extrinsic hand attaches to a device known as a collaborative robot , or cobot , shaped like a forearm that 's resting on the bench nearby .
The cobot's motors are designed to pull the tendons in the hand to actuate the fingers the same way muscles in a native forearm pull tendons .
The team is also working on an intrinsic version of the arm , with motors enclosed within the hand , to see if they can improve on nature 's design .
Kuniholm is all for augmenting the natural abilities of his missing hand .
When a visitor commented that the Proto 2 hand 's lack of side - to - side motion in the wrist might make it difficult to operate a computer mouse , Kuniholm replied , " Why do I need a mouse ?
Why can't I plug my arm right into a USB port ? "
So we beat on , " observed Scott Fitzgerald at the end of The Great Gatsby , " boats against the current , borne back ceaselessly into the past . "
Scott , thou should 'st be living at this hour .
Hardly a few years into the 21st century , we 're alarmingly keen to escape to almost any decade in the past century , provided it featured bold colours and distinctive graphic design .
Fast - tracked into a techno - future of iPods , skinny laptops and phone - camera - computers , we are nursing a strange evolutionary blip .
Lots of us are embracing the living styles , the domestic trappings , the cars and kitchens , furniture and architecture , even the food and drink choices , of an earlier generation – the generation of our younger selves .
The self - conscious archaising of modern life is seen everywhere .
At my local record shop , I find Chris Rea , the grizzled blues guitarist , with a new album – available only on vinyl and CD , mind – of Fifties - tinged guitar instrumentals entitled The Return of the Fabulous Hofner Bluenotes .
It comes complete with 1950s - style arty picture book .
The vinyl will doubtless end up on my eldest daughter 's new acquisition , a shiny , black Steepletone gramophone player , a replica of the Sixties classic , on which she plays her collection of 33rpm discs .
In the bathroom , I listen to an old - fashioned , four - square Roberts radio , the revolutionary 1947 design , now available again in bright red or green for £ 100 .
On my hall table sits a mail - order catalogue from Baileys , the company that flogs Edwardian - artisan paraphernalia – iron shoe - lasts , copper kitchen scales , oak fruit - delivery crates – as conversation pieces .
No Saturday morning stroll around my neighbourhood is complete without a visit to Hope & Greenwood , a dream of the post - rationing Fifties sweetshop , with its huge jars of Gobstoppers , Flying Saucers and Lemon Drizzle Lollipops .
At the local bookshop , the tables groan under the weight of The Dangerous Book for Boys and its dozens of offshoots , devoted to telling young TV game addicts how to spend their summers out of doors , making go - karts , treehouses and knots , and learning how to navigate using a wristwatch .
After Christmas 2007 , exchangers of book tokens could have chosen between facsimiles of Eagle or Girl annuals , circa 1958 , and Nigel Slater 's Eating for England , a bath in culinary nostalgia , reminding readers of the lost delights of Custard Creams , Marmite , Quality Street , Bisto and Dairylea triangles .
Meanwhile , the newspapers are full of excitement about the new designs of Celia Birtwell , the new movie starring Julie Christie , the re-release of Robert Siodmak 's The Killers , made in 1946 ...
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
What 's going on ?
Several things may explain the retro explosion .
One is that the baby - boomer generation are about to hit retirement age or , among the younger members of the demographic , are staring at the horrible prospect of turning 50 .
Their heroes of Sixties rock 'n 'roll – the remaining Beatles , the Stones , Bob Dylan – are not just getting on a bit , they 're facing the hitherto - unimaginable prospect of dying of old age .
Rather than indulge in Sixties nostalgia , the boomers are harking back to the culture of their early childhood : to the Fifties .
Then there 's the tragic decline of Real Things .
In an age of " invisible " downloads from the iTunes library , is it surprising we long for the days when buying a record was an event ?
When you bought an LP with gate - fold cover , inner - sleeve lyrics sheet and band photographs there was a faint whiff of connectedness , as if you were mystically in touch with the talent within .
Retro is all about ownership , solidity and lastingness , of having some concrete possessions in an increasingly virtual world .
Inured to on - screen digital images , the theory goes , we ( and our teenager offspring ) yearn for three - dimensional stuff you can hold in your hand rather than access by remote control , through a Wii console .
Stephen Bayley in his book Design : Intelligence Made Visible notes that the term " retro " was first employed by French journalists in the mid-Seventies to describe a design fad for looking back lovingly on the recent past .
He does n't however , find it has much value .
" From the early Sixties , " Bayley writes , " Victoriana , Art Nouveau , Art Deco and Contemporary were all revived as if to subvert the Modern Movement 's obsession with the future , and restore the power of psychological and symbolic meaning in design ...
Eventually , the distinction between the various ' retro ' styles became eroded into a joyless , directionless eclecticism . "
The concept behind retro-art is n't new , of course .
The impulse to revert to , or recreate , the past is itself an elderly impulse .
Neo-classical painting and sculpture , which flourished in Europe between 1750 and 1800 , was a conscious retro-rocketing back 180 decades to emulate the " noble simplicity and calm grandeur " of Graeco - Roman art .
Robert Adam and Sir John Soane introduced it to English and Scottish buildings , and saw Edinburgh transformed into " the Athens of the North " .
The 19th - century obsession with Arthurian legends and chivalric codes basked in the retro-stylings of medieval mythology : Walter Scott , Alfred Tennyson and the Pre-Raphaelite brotherhood made an absolute fetish of devout knights kneeling to mysterious damsels in dappled glades .
Nobility was the watchword in these energetic exhumations of the past .
There 's little actual nobility in our current fascination for 1950s tea services , Pashley bicycles and the " Clip Art " graphics , with their crude , one - colour line drawings of handsome husbands in hats spurring their aproned wives on to feats of culinary genius .
But there 's something more personal , more emotional , than nobility going on here .
As the following pages will show , retro is about rediscovering an everyday beauty we may have missed first time round .
Retro is a loving exhumation , a bringing back to the light , of the world we saw – or fancied we saw – around us , before the modern world kicked in and we had to grow up and take responsibility for something called The Future .
It may be idle to think we can redeem our lives through Bird 's custard and Ladybird books ; but we 're having a jolly good try .
Computer scientists in the University at Buffalo's School of Engineering and Applied Sciences have been working with their colleagues in UB 's Graduate School of Education to develop a computational tool that not only dramatically reduces the time it takes to grade children 's handwritten essays , but that also may help boost students ' reading comprehension skills .
The software has special relevance to the school systems and teachers involved in administering the standardized English Language Arts exams that are given every year , usually in January , by public school systems in every state .
This month , every New York school district will administer these assessments to their students in grades three to eight .
The National Science Foundation recently awarded the UB researchers a $ 100,000 grant to develop new algorithms that could eventually allow computers to take over the grading of children 's handwritten essays .
The UB team 's preliminary results with the software are scheduled for publication in the February / March issue of Artificial Intelligence .
The paper was published earlier in the online version of the journal .
" It surprised us that we were able to do as well as we did , especially since this was our first attempt , " said Sargur N. Srihari , Ph.D. , SUNY Distinguished Professor in the UB Department of Computer Science and Engineering and principal investigator on the project .
The project focused on handwritten essays obtained from eighth graders in the Buffalo Public Schools who responded to this question from a New York State English Language Arts exam : " How was Martha Washington 's role as First Lady different from that of Eleanor Roosevelt ? "
Three hundred of the essays were scored by human examiners and used as a " gold standard " against which 96 computer - scored essays were judged .
Essays were graded on a scale of 0 - 6 , with six being the highest score .
In 70 percent of cases , the UB researchers reported , the computer program graded the essays within one point of those assigned by human examiners .
The UB research tackles two significant artificial intelligence problems , said Srihari , director of UB 's Center of Excellence in Document Analysis and Recognition ( CEDAR ) , the world 's largest research center devoted to developing new technologies that can recognize and read handwriting .
" We wanted to see whether automated handwriting recognition capabilities can be used to read children 's handwriting , which is essentially uncharted territory , " he said .
" Then we took it one step further to see if we could get computers to score these essays like human examiners . "
In the pilot study , the essays were first scanned into a computer .
Each line of text was broken down into individual words .
In this step , the system 's goal was word recognition , which it accomplished using contextual information from the rest of the sample , the answer rubric and the question .
Once the majority of words were recognized , the essay was turned into a digital text file .
For the automated scoring step , the UB researchers used an artificial neural network approach .
" In this method , the system ' learns ' from a set of answers that were scored already by humans , associating different values or scores with different features in the essays , " explained Srihari .
Computational tools designed to evaluate essays that are typed , not handwritten , already exist , Srihari explained .
" But these are all based on electronic text that the test - taker types in , using a computer keyboard , " he said .
" In this case , we are working toward developing a computational tool to read and evaluate the many thousands of handwritten essays written by schoolchildren as part of statewide mandated reading comprehension tests . "
The sheer speed with which the program works -- literally seconds per essay -- is the most obvious advantage , the UB researchers said .
Handwritten essays are an important part of every standardized reading comprehension test given in every state .
But because grading all of those handwritten essays is such a huge task requiring many hours of work by human examiners , students who take the exam in January do not find out how they did until almost the end of the spring semester .
" Judging this quantity of handwritten essays is very laborious , " said Srihari .
" It would be nice to automate this process so perhaps students could take the test in May , having received more instruction , and then have the results in June . "
And while some teachers may be wary of computers ' ability to properly grade essays , James L. Collins , Ed.D. , professor in the UB Department of Learning and Instruction and a co-investigator , is quite confident .
While he noted that human examiners might still be necessary for grading on very specific criteria , the majority of evaluations could probably be done just as well by computers .
" Computational linguistics has made great leaps over the past decade and it turns out that for judging the overall quality of a paper , computers are indeed as reliable as human graders , " Collins said .
That 's an important development , he said , because writing practice and feedback from readers are the key aspects of learning to write at every grade level .
" The problem is , ' How do teachers respond helpfully to all of the writing produced by their students ? ' " he said .
" Right now , teachers spend a lot of time getting their students ready for these standardized tests , then the students take the exam and get their scores back months later .
With computer scoring , students could get back their scores much faster at a time when the results can still be addressed .
The assessment scores would n't just be going into a ' black hole . ' "
The software program developed at UB was ' trained ' to evaluate essays based on six specific writing traits : ideas , organization , word choice , sentence structure , voice and conventions like spelling , usage and punctuation .
Collins said that the software now under development could be used as an important teaching tool .
" We envision a program where a student would handwrite an essay , scan it into the computer , which would then ' read ' it and analyze it for the specific traits we trained it to evaluate , " he said .
That feedback would be available immediately to both teacher and student as a typed essay , which has been analyzed for the six traits , allowing for more fruitful lessons on how to edit and revise , Collins said .
The software program also provides new opportunities for education researchers like Collins , who is working with colleagues at UB on a three - year , $ 1.5 million project called Writing Intensive Reading Comprehension funded by the Institute of Education Sciences at the U.S. Department of Education .
The study involves more than 2,000 fourth and fifth graders in 10 low - performing urban schools .
So far , Collins said , the results show that students can improve their reading abilities significantly through the use of assisted writing .
" Once a handwritten essay has been ' read ' by a computer , we can ask the computer to look for certain features of the writing so that we can spot general patterns and discover what kids are having trouble with , " Collins continued .
Co-authors on the Artificial Intelligence paper with Srihari and Collins are Janina Brutt - Griffler , Ed.D. , associate professor in the UB Department of Learning and Instruction ; Rohini Srihari , Ph.D. , professor of computer science and engineering at UB ; Harish Srinivasan , a doctoral candidate at CEDAR , and Shravya Shetty , a former graduate student at CEDAR , now employed by Google .
Source : University at Buffalo
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Using a mobile phone does not increase your risk of brain cancer , according to a new Japanese study that is the first to consider the effects of radiation on different parts of the brain .
Geisha
Anzu uses her mobile phone after finishing a banquet at a traditional Japanese restaurant in Tokyo , November 5 , 2007 .
Using a mobile phone does not increase your risk of brain cancer , according to a new Japanese study that is the first to consider the effects of radiation on different parts of the brain .
REUTERS / Toru Hanai
The finding adds to the growing body of evidence that mobile phones are safe .
Scientists at Tokyo Women ’s Medical University compared phone use in 322 brain cancer patients with 683 healthy people and found that regularly using a mobile did not significantly affect the likelihood of getting brain cancer .
They also studied the radiation emitted from different types of phones to assess the affect on different areas of the brain .
“ Using our newly developed and more accurate techniques , we found no association between mobile phone use and cancer , providing more evidence to suggest they do n’t cause brain cancer , ” Naohito Yamaguchi , who led the research , said .
His team ’s findings were published in the British Journal of Cancer .
Scientists around the world have been monitoring the effects of radio - frequency fields on human health for around 60 years .
Public concern over the safety of mobile phones has grown as more and more adults and children rely on them for everyday communication , although the evidence to date has given the technology a clean bill of health .
Despite an explosion in mobile phone use around the world since the 1980s , the number of cases of brain cancer has hardly changed .
A few studies have shown an association between mobile phones and cancer but the majority have found no link .
The largest study to date , involving 420,000 people , showed no association with any type of cancer , even after 10 years of use .
“ So far , studies have shown no evidence that mobile use is harmful , but we ca n’t be completely sure about their long - term effects .
Research is still ongoing , ” said Lesley Walker , Cancer Research UK ’s director of cancer information .
Mammograms : The Best Way To Find Breast Cancer Early
According to the CDC , " Mammograms are the best way to find breast cancer early , when it is easier to treat and before it is big enough to feel or cause symptoms . "
Yet there are underinsured women in the U.S. who still do n't have access to mammograms , even as the rate of breast cancer continues to grow .
We 're working hard to fill that gap .
Many states have long waiting lists for mammograms , and women in need are being turned away .
You can help !
Mr Browne compared the Taleban to the Lebanese group Hezbollah The UK should talk to elements within the Taleban who can be persuaded to change sides , Defence Secretary Des Browne has said in an interview .
Mr Browne said some of those fighting British troops in Afghanistan were driven by " self - interest rather than ideology " and could be won over .
He told the Daily Telegraph : " There 's no question we should try to reach them .
People have been switched . "
But he insisted that there was no basis for any negotiations with al - Qaeda .
' Conflict resolution '
We have to get people who have previously been on the side of the Taleban to come onto the side of the government
Des Browne
Defence Secretary
In December 2007 , a British and an Irish diplomat were expelled by the Afghan government following claims that the men had held talks with the Taleban in Helmand province .
In the interview , Mr Browne insisted that " the Taleban is a collective noun " and contained different strands , some of whom could be talked into supporting democracy .
He added : " We have to get people who have previously been on the side of the Taleban to come onto the side of the government . "
" What you need to do in conflict resolution is to bring the people who believe that the answer to their political ambitions will be achieved through violence into a frame of mind that they accept that their political ambitions will be delivered by politics .
The Security Minister , Lord West , and ex-Downing Street chief of staff Jonathan Powell have both said the UK could hold discussions with al - Qaeda .
Mr Browne reiterated the government 's position that such talks were out of the question .
But he compared the Taleban to the Lebanese paramilitary organisation Hezbollah , saying they contained individuals who were open to persuasion .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Modern birds originated a hundred million years ago — long before the demise of dinosaurs , according to new research .
In searching for the first ancestors of modern birds , studies have shown discrepancies between results from fossils and genetic analyses .
Fossil records suggest that modern birds originated 60 million years ago , after the end of the Cretaceous period about 65 million years ago when dinosaurs died off .
But molecular studies suggest that the genetic divergences between many lineages of birds occurred during the Cretaceous period .
Now a new study based on molecular evidence suggests that avian ancestors were flapping their wings some 40 million years earlier than thought .
In the new study researchers applied a new method of research that looks at mutation rates across lineages .
" My goal for this study was to once and for all reconcile divergence estimates from these two sources of information , " said lead study author Joseph Brown , a graduate student at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor .
The study appeared recently in the journal BMC Biology .
Dating Methods
When dating biological events , molecular geneticists rely on a concept known as the molecular clock .
Over long stretches of time , mutations accrue , or " tick , " at a fairly constant rate .
By measuring the degree of genetic mutations , scientists can estimate how far back in time a species diverged .
In large groups of distantly related species — such as different families or orders of birds — the molecular clock is much " sloppier " than previously thought , Brown said .
This is because different lineages of birds can accumulate mutations at different rates , so applying a single rate to an entire family tree could lead to suspicious results .
Improved Estimates
The study is the first rigorous investigation into whether bad assumptions about birds ' genetic data have led to the large difference — about 50 to 60 million years — between fossil - and genetic - based estimates , researchers say .
The most likely explanation is that these two sources of information deal with different stages of diversification .
Genetic data is used for the period when genes share a common ancestor , which could slightly predate the development of new species .
Fossils , however , record only the products of evolution .
Patrick O'Connor , a paleontologist at Ohio University in Athens , was not involved with the study .
" It is important to stress that these data should not be viewed as better than fossils , but that the information we glean from both the fossil record and [ living ] animals represent complementary data sets — ones that can , and should , be integrated more so than is currently done , " O'Connor said .
" This study should inspire paleontologists to continue looking for additional fossils of modern birds in Cretaceous - age strata , " he added .
" It is important to note that there are already a few examples of fossil birds that support this view of avian evolution based on molecular evolution .
When I mentioned the other day that the armed forces were funding all kinds of " Sim Iraq " projects , I meant it as a metaphor – a way to describe the military 's new breed of simulations of a society 's cultural , political , and economic landscape .
The Navy , it turns out , has a " Sim Iraq " in mind , too .
A literal one .
The service has issued a call for a developers to build " a highly interactive , PC - based Human , Social and Culture Behavioral Modeling ( HSCB ) simulation tool to support training for military planners for handling insurgencies , small wars , and / or emergent conflicts . "
* We are looking for innovative ideas that explore and harness the power of “ advanced ” interactive multimedia computer game technologies ( e.g. " sim games ” ) , that offer single or multi-player interaction via single computer , network or internet .
The system should incorporate the best - practices of the videogame industry , including intuitive controls , story - telling , user - feedback ( for performance assessment ) , scenario editing , and high - quality graphics & sound . *
But do n't think you can just use the Unreal engine to gin up some pixelated Mesopotamia .
" Although , high - quality 3 - D graphics and 3 - D
interaction are desirable , we will not be considering games based on first - person shooter ( or equivalent ) technology for this solicitation , " the Navy notes .
" The current solicitation is not aiming to build entertainment , but a highly accurate and advanced simulation platform . "
The Navy is also looking for a second set of programs , to help commanders get a feel for the local culture in a hurry .
The aim is to better understand the socio-cultural context in which these military missions operate .
What is needed is a Rapid Ethnographic Assessment program :
New models and methodologies to improve and augment the data collection efforts being undertaken in these missions .
This capability will ensure that military analysts will not just collect data , but also be able to know what data matters , in order to make sense of tribal , ethnic and social class relationships , understand environmental factors ( for example , the control of water in arid climates ) , land rights , disputes , the role of religion in everyday life , and the structure of the elites , to name but a few examples relevant to military operations .
Candidate methodologies include : cognitive anthropology , social network analysis , other methodologies with a structuralist focus , linguistics , applied anthropology , development anthropology , and computational approaches .
This effort will provide analysts with new capabilities for analyzing ethnographic data in ways that are informed by ethnological theory and modern anthropological approaches .
A rich , scientifically sound , description of society and the relationships of the various parts of society , will be the result of rapid ethnographic assessment .
The Rapid Ethnographic Assessment program complements on - going efforts to improve data collection on culture and society .
This program will provide a more comprehensive , scientifically sound framework for understanding the individual social facts that are being collected .
Because all of culture is too large a concept for the limited time and funding of this effort , it is expected that the proposal writer concentrate on one , significant scenario in one , actual culture .
Example : Power structure in Afghanistan , Tribal structure and political affiliation in Sudan , Humanitarian relief in Pakistan , Reconstruction in Iraq . **
ALSO :
* " Sim Iraq " Sent to Battle Zone
* * Weekly Standard * Blasts " Human Terrain "
* Pentagon Forecast : Cloudy , 80 % Chance of Riots
* Anthropology Association Blasts Army 's " Human Terrain "
* Mapping Human Terrain " Enables the Kill Chain " ?
* Pentagon Science & Technology : The Human Problem
* When Anthropologists Go to War
* When Anthropologists Go to War ( Against the Military )
* When Anthropology Gets Ugly
* Report : Military Should Double Social Science Cash
* Can Social Science Win the War on Terror ?
American military and civilian officials were candid in telling me that the governors and other local officials installed by the central government in Basra and elsewhere in southern Iraq had no popular base .
If open local and provincial elections were held , they said , Dawa and the Islamic Supreme Council were likely to be routed because they were seen as having failed to bring development and government services .
There was no real debate over how bad the overall governance of the south was at the provincial level , how little money the region was getting from Baghdad , and how poor government - related services were , even in Shiite areas .
Incompetence and corruption are not sectarian .
An ABC News poll released this month showed that only two - thirds of the Shiite population in Basra had a favorable opinion of the central government , down from three - quarters last summer , and that only 14 percent of all residents felt they could move about safely .
The American officials I met with differed in their views of the size of Mr. Sadr ’s populist base around Basra , but most felt that Mr. Sadr still had a broad base of support in Baghdad  something indicated by the huge rallies on his behalf in the capital last week .
As I traveled through southern Iraq , many people I spoke to were worried about how the October elections would play out .
The first problem is that there are no real indigenous political parties operating with local leaders .
The second is the framework , which is still undecided .
If the election follows the model of the 2005 vote , Iraqis will vote for long lists of candidates from the main parties ( confronting many unfamiliar names ) and there will be no allowance for the direct election of members of the Parliament who would represent a given area or district .
Optimists hope that local leaders and parties will emerge before the election ; realists foresee an uncertain mess .
There were also differences of opinion over Mr. Sadr ’s cease - fire .
Was he simply waiting out the American - Iraqi effort to defeat Al Qaeda before allowing his army to become active again ?
Or was he repositioning himself for a more normal political life ?
Most likely , he is doing both .
He may be as confused by the uncertain nature of Iraqi politics as everyone else , and he may be dealing with a movement so fractured and diverse that effective control is nearly impossible .
In any event , it is clear that Basra has become a special case .
Since the American - led invasion , it had been under the protection of the British , who opted for a strategy of not - so - benign neglect .
Thus the power struggle in the city 
Iraq ’s main port  differs sharply from that in the other Shiite areas .
Basra was essentially divided up among Shiite party mafias , each of which had its own form of extortion and corruption .
They sometimes fight and feud , and there are reasons to call them criminal gangs , but they have established crude modus vivendi .
Basra also feels the influence of Iran far more than the other Shiite governorates .
Iran ’s religious paramilitary force , Al Quds , has been an equal - opportunity supplier of weapons and money to all the Shiite militias , effectively ensuring that it will support the winner , regardless of who the winner turns out to be .
A gigantic , ancient relative of the newt , a drawing - pin sized frog , a limbless , tentacled amphibian and a blind see - through salamander have all made it onto a list of the world ’s weirdest and most endangered creatures .
ZSL EDGE programme is highlighting some of the world ’s most extraordinary creatures currently threatened with extinction .
This year ZSL scientists have assessed all amphibian species according to how Evolutionarily Distinct and Globally Endangered ( EDGE ) they are .
“ The EDGE amphibians are amongst the most remarkable and unusual species on the planet and yet an alarming 85 % of the top 100 are receiving little or no conservation attention and will become extinct if action is not taken now . ”
Helen Meredith , EDGE Amphibians coordinator , commented .
“ These animals may not be cute and cuddly , but hopefully their weird looks and bizarre behaviours will inspire people to support their conservation . ”
ZSL has identified and is starting work to protect ten of the most unusual and threatened EDGE amphibian species this year , including :
Chinese giant salamander ( salamander that can grow up to 1.8 m in length and evolved independently from all other amphibians over one hundred million years before Tyrannosaurus rex ) Sagalla caecilian ( limbless amphibian with sensory tentacles on the sides of its head )
Purple frog ( purple - pigmented frog that was only discovered in 2003 because it spends most of the year buried up to 4 m underground )
Ghost frogs of South Africa ( one species is found only in the traditional human burial grounds of Skeleton Gorge in Table Mountain , South Africa )
Olm ( blind salamander with transparent skin that lives underground , hunts for its prey by smell and electrosensitivity and can survive without food for 10 years )
Lungless salamanders of Mexico ( highly endangered salamanders that do not have lungs but instead breathe through their skin and mouth lining )
Malagasy rainbow frog ( highly - decorated frog that inflates itself when under threat and can climb vertical rock surfaces )
Chile Darwin ’s frog ( a frog where fathers protect the young in their mouths , this species has not been officially seen since around 1980 and may now be extinct )
Betic midwife toad ( toads that evolved from all others over 150 million years ago – the males carry the fertilised eggs wrapped around their hind legs )
Dr Jonathan Baillie , Head of the EDGE programme , commented , “ Tragically , amphibians tend to be the overlooked members of the animal kingdom , even though one in every three amphibian species is currently threatened with extinction , a far higher proportion than that of bird or mammal species .
These species are the “ canaries in the coalmine ” – they are highly sensitive to factors such as climate change and pollution , which lead to extinction , and are a stark warning of things to come .
If we lose them , other species will inevitably follow .
The EDGE programme strives to protect the world ’s forgotten species and ensure that the weirdest species survive the current extinction crisis and astound future generations with their extraordinary uniqueness . ”
EDGE ( Evolutionarily Distinct and Globally Endangered ) animals are those with few close relatives and are highly distinct genetically .
These animals are also extremely endangered and desperately in need of immediate action to save them from becoming extinct .
By mathematically combining a measure of each species ’ unique evolutionary history with its threat of extinction , the scientists are able to give species an EDGE value and rank them accordingly .
In January 2007 , the EDGE team assessed all mammal species and released the list of the top 100 EDGE mammal species .
The scientists have now done the same for all amphibian species ( frogs , salamanders and caecilians ) and have found that 85 of the top 100 are receiving little or no conservation attention .
Amphibians are declining as a result of a range threats including habitat destruction , pollution , climate change and disease .
Scientists at the Zoological Society of London ( ZSL ) are currently researching the diseases affecting amphibians , with particular focus on the chytrid fungus , which is implicated in mass mortality events globally .
A funny thing happened in Vienna last week .
A United Nations special panel on narcotics called on the governments of Bolivia and Peru to make drinking a popular and traditional herbal tea a criminal offense .
The target of the International Narcotics Control Board is the tea made with coca leaves .
Known here as “ mate de coca ” the tea can be made directly from the leaves or from commercially produced little tea bags ( a la Lipton ) .
It is served , among other places , in the U.S. Embassy in La Paz and to all arriving guests at the five - star Radisson Hotel .
In fact , the U.S. State Department formally recommends the tea to visitors from the U.S. to help with the effects of high altitude .
So , why does the UN think that people who drink the tea should be prosecuted ?
Because it is the product of a small green leaf , coca , which through heavy chemical alteration can be morphed into cocaine .
This is the story of how bureaucratic blindness results in stupid public policy .
The “ Coca ” in Coca - Cola
Coca has been a part of Andean culture for more than 4,000 years .
It was used by Incan religious leaders as a sacrament .
The small green leaf acts as a mild stimulant , and eases the effects of living and working at high altitude .
It also diminishes the appetite , making the chewing of the leaves popular with miners , construction workers , farmers and others who toil long hours .
To those ( including , evidently , a good number of global policy makers ) who think that drinking coca tea or chewing coca leaves will offer up something akin to an excursion on LSD or magic mushrooms , think again .
It ’s “ kick ” is almost unnoticeable , nothing in comparison to a “ Grande ” ( Spanish for “ big ” , Starbucks for “ small ” , go figure ) cappuccino .
In this regard , as both a drinker of coca tea and an addict to afternoon caffeine , I speak with authority .
In 1860 , a German chemist figured out that the coca leaf also contained a very small trace of an alkaloid that could be leached out of the plant with chemicals such as kerosene and bleach , and concentrated into a white powder , cocaine .
Soon after the powder became considered a medical marvel , embraced by everyone from the Pope to Sigmund Freud to President Ulysses Grant .
Coca -Cola followed , in the 1880s , as an elixir of cocaine and caffeine .
By the early 1900s policy makers in the U.S. decided that maybe mass use of cocaine was n’t such a good idea , and approved a law banning it .
Coca - Cola followed suit in 1929 , keeping the coca leaf in for flavor , but taking out the cocaine .
But in the effort to sweep cocaine under the carpet , global policy makers went overboard and tossed the unaltered coca leaf in with it .
In 1961 , the UN developed a formal list of “ narcotics ” banned from international export , such as heroin and cocaine .
Based on a 1950 report , long on old school racism and short on actual science , the UN added the coca leaf to the list as well .
That is roughly akin to banning corn because it might be used to make moonshine .
Nevertheless , a study penned in the day when modernity was still defined by the weight of chrome car bumpers is the basis for global drug policy in 2008 .
Alcohol and nicotine , both far more damaging than coca tea , to be sure , are not on the list .
The “ ban coca tea ” recommendation from the UN last week is not , by the panel ’s own admittance , based on any science or finding that drinking coca tea or chewing coca leaves is harmful .
In fact , studies by the World Health Organization have found that the use of coca leaves is neither harmful or addictive .
Nope , the UN panel ’s action was an act of simple bureaucratic consistency .
If the coca leaf is on the international narcotics list , the panel argued , then governments ought to prosecute any use of it in any form .
Dumb follows stupid .
Coca in Bolivia
Don Pio was a friend of mine , a small and aging house builder who I never saw without his felt hat on his head and a wad of green coca leaves in his mouth .
Boasting coca ’s ability to suppress his appetite , Don Pio once told me , “ Ayyy , if it were n’t for coca I ’d be running to the refrigerator every half an hour and I ’d never get any work done .
And I ’d be fat too . ”
When he died of old age two years ago I looked into the grave where he had just been lowered and realized that no one had remembered to toss in a bag of green coca leaves to accompany him on his trip to the next world .
We held up the filling of the grave until someone among the bereaved could come up with coca to toss in after him .
You will not find a construction site in Cochabamba where the workers do not have a wad of green leaves in their mouths .
You will be hard pressed to find a farmer working in his or her field without chewing those same leaves .
Coca is , in these parts of Bolivian culture , exactly what a morning cup of coffee is in the U.S. , though again , with a far less narcotic kick than well - prepared caffeine .
To be sure , not all of the coca grown in Bolivia is benignly brewed into herbal tea or stashed between the cheek and gum .
In the 1980s , a good deal of Bolivian coca was destined for the cocaine market , making the country a key target in the U.S. War on Drugs .
Through a combination of forced eradication ( including a massive trampling on Bolivian civil rights ) and the move of the cocaine industry to Colombia , Bolivia ’s participation in the cocaine trade was reduced to a trickle .
But the war on the coca leaf continued .
So Much for Alternatives
Today , with a former coca grower , Evo Morales , in the Presidency , it is unclear how much of the green leaf grown here ends up headed for processing into narcotics , but it may still be as much as half .
Morales has mandated a new approach , “ coca si , cocaina no ” based on two basic ideas .
First , commit coca growing communities to voluntary limits on how much they grow , instead of sending in troops and U.S. advisors to burn their crops .
Second , build up markets for non-narcotic coca products , from tea to toothpaste , to give the subsistence farmers who grow coca a chance to make a living in an honest way .
And that is where a UN list set in stone 47 years ago puts up a ridiculous and damaging roadblock .
As long as the coca leaf , separate from cocaine , remains on the list , Bolivia ca n’t export coca tea to any of its potentially lucrative foreign buyers — from health food stores in California to mass markets in China .
Selling Bolivian coca to foreign markets would help an economy that badly needs a boost and would create a far happier end use of those leaves than having them turned into crack a hemisphere away .
But again , bureaucratic silliness , allied by a lack of general public understanding , stands in the way .
Coca is to cocaine what grapes are to wine .
So , now if they come for me you ’ll know why .
Bottoms up .
Note :
This article borrows from the chapter , “ Coca : The Leaf at the Center of the War on Drugs , ” of the forthcoming book Dignity and Defiance : Stories from Bolivia ’s Challenge to Globalization ( University of California Press ) , written by Caroline Conzelman , Coletta Youngers , Linda Farthing , Caitlin Esch , Leny Olivera , and myself .
For more information on coca visit the web site of the Coca Museum in La Paz , Bolivia .
By Christian Fraser
BBC News , Rome
Adulterous Italian women can now protect their honour with impunity
The court gave its landmark ruling after hearing the case of a 48 - year - old woman , convicted of giving false testimony to police by denying she had lent her mobile phone to her lover .
The appeal court did not agree that she had broken the law .
It said bending the truth was justified to conceal extra-marital relationships .
In a predominantly Catholic country you might expect the courts to take a dim view of lying and adultery .
But not in this case .
The woman who brought the appeal was from Porto Ercole on the Tuscany coast , and named only as Carla .
She had lent her telephone to her secret lover , Giovanni , who then used it to call Carla 's estranged husband , Vincenzo , and insult him .
Giovanni , the lover , was convicted of abusive behaviour in a local court , and Carla convicted as an accessory .
Controversial judgements
But the Court of Cassation found that having a lover was a circumstance that damaged the honour of the person among family and friends .
Lying about it , therefore , was permitted , even in a judicial investigation .
It is not yet clear whether the ruling might also apply to men who have secret mistresses .
The Court of Cassation , which is largely staffed by elderly male appeal judges , has in the past issued a number of controversial judgements .
It once gave a ruling , later rescinded after protests from women 's groups , that a woman could not be raped by definition if she was wearing tight jeans , since the jeans could only be removed with her consent .
Tailoring for top Milan fashion houses , pirating of DVDs and handbags , fishing of endangered bluefin tuna and brewing genetically - modified beer are all part and parcel of Italy 's thoroughly modern Mafia .
Coldiretti , the Italian farmers ' union , reported this year that the Sicilian Mafia is adding flavouring to colza oil , often used to lubricate machinery , before re-labelling it as olive oil .
Hundreds of fake Parma hams and cattle falsely branded as gourmet Chianina breed are seized by Italian police each month .
And the Neapolitan underworld is in expansive mode , it seems , with reports emerging that the Camorra are recruiting increasing numbers of children , since under - 14s are safe from prosecution .
A recent report by Italy 's small business group estimated that the Mafia is the biggest business in Italy , with organised crime netting Mob bosses the equivalent of more than £ 63bn a year , or 7 per cent of the country 's gross domestic product .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Italy 's four biggest crime gangs – the ' Ndrangheta in Calabria , the Sacra Corona Unita in Apulia , the Neapolitan Camorra and the Cosa Nostra in Sicily – are increasingly branching out into previously legitimate industries such as food , researchers discovered .
Pirated handbags and DVDs accounted for £ 5bn of Mafia income and the food industry netted the underworld £ 5.2bn , according to Tano Grasso , the head of Italy 's anti-racketeering commission .
Roberto Saviano , the investigative journalist in Naples who wrote a bestselling book about the Camorra , disclosed how leading fashion designers ' companies regularly outsource orders to sweatshop tailors controlled by the Camorra in Campania .
Mr Saviano did not name any of the designers but he revealed how big fashion houses supply competing Mob tailors with raw materials .
The skilful underworld tailors win the contract while the others are allowed to flood the market with " counterfeit " clothes tailored to specifications received directly from the Milan or Rome firms seen as spearheading some of Italy 's most prestigious exports .
Mr Grasso said that in Naples the Camorra runs 2,500 illegal bakeries , while the Cosa Nostra and the ' Ndrangheta have been quick to spot the profits to be made from illegal fishing , especially of endangered bluefin tuna .
Campania has long been the capital of the " eco- Mafia " in Italy .
Millions of tons of industrial and urban waste are trucked into the region and dumped illegally each year , poisoning farmland and contaminating public waste - disposal sites .
The Mafia hides behind apparently legitimate waste - disposal firms , which appeal to unscrupulous companies tempted to remove their waste cheaply .
Often the Camorra digs illegally for sand , leaving gaping pits in the countryside .
It then dumps toxic waste in those holes .
Then it uses the sand dug earlier to build illegally over the toxic waste , or wins government contracts to sanitise the contaminated areas .
DIGG THIS
Common delusions notwithstanding , the United States , I submit , is not a democracy — by which is meant a system in which the will of the people prevails .
Rather it is a curious mechanism artfully designed to circumvent the will of the people while appearing to be democratic .
Several mechanisms accomplish this .
First , we have two identical parties which , when elected , do very much the same things .
Thus the election determines not policy but only the division of spoils .
Nothing really changes .
The Democrats will never seriously reduce military spending , nor the Republicans , entitlements .
Second , the two parties determine on which questions we are allowed to vote .
They simply refuse to engage the questions that matter most to many people .
If you are against affirmative action , for whom do you vote ?
If you regard the schools as abominations ?
If you want to end the president ’s hobbyist wars ?
Third , there is the effect of large jurisdictions .
Suppose that you lived in a very small ( and independent ) school district and did n’t like the curriculum .
You could buttonhole the head of the school board , whom you would probably know , and say ,  Look , Jack , I really think .
He would listen .
But suppose that you live in a suburban jurisdiction of 300,000 .
You as an individual mean nothing .
To affect policy , you would have to form an organization , canvass for votes , solicit contributions , and place ads in newspapers .
This is a fulltime job , prohibitively burdensome .
The larger the jurisdiction , the harder it is to exert influence .
Much policy today is set at the state level .
Now you need a statewide campaign to change the curriculum .
Practically speaking , it is n’t practical .
Fourth are impenetrable bureaucracies .
A lot of policy is set by making regulations at some department or other , often federal .
How do you call the Department of Education to protest a rule which is in fact a policy ?
The Department has thousands of telephones , few of them listed , all of which will brush you off .
There is nothing the public can do to influence these goiterous , armored , unaccountable centers of power .
Yes , you can write your senator , and get a letter written by computer ,  I thank you for your valuable insights , and assure you that I am doing all .
Fifth is the invisible bureaucracy ( which is also impenetrable ) .
A few federal departments get at least a bit of attention from the press , chiefly State and Defense ( sic ) .
Most of the government gets no attention at all — HUD , for example .
Nobody knows who the Secretary of HUD is , or what the department is doing .
Similarly , the textbook publishers have some committee whose name I do n’t remember ( See ?
It works ) that decides what words can be used in texts , how women and Indians must be portrayed , what can be said about them , and so on .
Such a group amounts to an unelected ministry of propaganda and , almost certainly , you have never heard of it .
Sixth , there is the illusion of journalism .
The newspapers and networks encourage us to think of them as a vast web of hard - hitting , no - holds - barred , chips - where - they - may inquisitors of government :
You can run , but you ca n’t hide .
In fact federal malefactors do n’t have to run or hide .
The press is n’t really looking .
Most of press coverage is only apparent .
Television is n’t journalism , but a service that translates into video stories found in the Washington Post and New York Times ( really ) .
Few newspapers have bureaus in Washington ; the rest follow the lead of a small number of major outlets .
These do n’t really cover things either .
When I was reporting on the military , there were ( if memory serves ) many hundreds of reporters accredited to the Pentagon , or at least writing about the armed services .
It sounds impressive : All those gimlet eyes .
What invariably happened though was that some story would break — a toilet seat alleged to cost too much , or the failure of this or that .
All the reporters would chase the toilet seat , fearful that their competitors might get some detail they did n’t .
Thus you had one story covered six hundred times .
In any event the stories were often dishonest and almost always ignorant because reporters , apparently bound by some natural law , are obligate technical illiterates .
This includes the reporters for the Post and the Times .
Seventh , and a bit more subtle , is the lack of centers of demographic power in competition with the official government .
The Catholic Church , for example , once influentially represented a large part of the population .
It has been brought to heel .
We are left with government by lobby — the weapons industry , big pharma , AIPAC , the teachers unions — whose representatives pay Congress to do things against the public interest .
Eighth , we are ruled not by a government but by a class .
Here the media are crucial .
Unless you spend time outside of America , you may not realize to what extent the press is controlled .
The press is largely free , yes , but it is also largely owned by a small number of corporations which , in turn , are run by people from the same pool from which are drawn high - level pols and their advisers .
They are rich people who know each other and have the same interests .
It is very nearly correct to say that these people are the government of the United States , and that the federal apparatus merely a useful theatrical manifestation .
Finally , though it may not be deliberate , the schools produce a pitiably ignorant population that ca n’t vote wisely .
Just as trial lawyers do n’t want intelligent jurors , as they are harder to manipulate , so political parties do n’t want educated voters .
The existence of a puzzled mass gawping at Oprah reduces elections to popularity contests modulated by the state of the economy .
One party may win , yes , or the other .
But a TV - besotted electorate does n’t meddle in matters important to its rulers .
It has never heard of them .
To disguise all of this , elections provide the excitement and intellectual content of a football game , without the importance .
They allow a sense of Participation .
In bars across the land , in high - school gyms become forums , people become heated about what they imagine to be decisions of great import :
This candidate or that ?
It keeps them from feeling left out while denying them power .
It is fraud .
In a sense , the candidates do not even exist .
A presidential candidate consists of two speechwriters , a makeup man , a gestures coach , ad agency , two pollsters and an interpreter of focus groups .
Depending on his numbers , the handlers may suggest a more fixed stare to crank up his decisiveness quotient for male or Republican voters , or dial in a bit of compassion for a Democratic or female audience .
The newspapers will report this calculated transformation .
Yet it works .
You can fool enough of the people enough of the time .
When people sense this and decline to vote , we cluck like disturbed hens and speak of apathy .
Nope .
Just common sense .
Fred Reed is author of Nekkid in Austin : Drop Your Inner Child Down a Well and the just - published A Brass Pole in Bangkok : A Thing I Aspire to Be. Visit his blog .
The Best of Fred Reed
“ We ca n’t face the armored tanks of the Americans face to face , because all we have is light guns , ” he said .
“ So we just wait for a chance to attack something . ”
Image A PLEA
The leaflet , dropped by helicopter , urges Basra residents to welcome government forces who are battling militiamen for control .
Credit ... Nabil - Al Jurani / Associated Press
He could be dead now , because the next day at least one American helicopter swooped over Sadr City and engaged in a gun battle that killed four , according to American military officials , although Iraqi police put the toll much higher .
Or the potbellied deputy could still be out there , plotting his next move .
Either way , before dismissing the ragtag Mahdi fighters , it would be well to remember that  partly because the alleys of the neighborhoods they control are too narrow for the Iraqi Army ’s armored vehicles 
Mahdi units like Riadh ’s have been fighting Iraq ’s federal forces to a standstill in Basra , the country ’s southern port city , for nearly a week now .
Alleys : they are dangerous only when used by those who grew up in them .
That is the basic reason Mr. Sadr and his fighters simply will not go away in this war .
What makes the case so difficult is that it is not just a question of a battle with American troops , here from half a world away carrying out operations that Mr. Sadr and his fighters consider an abhorrent occupation .
Some 3,500 troops in the Basra fight are Iraqis from outside the province , and witnesses say it is clear that few if any of the Iraqi security forces in the assault know the neighborhoods the way the Mahdi Army does .
Its fighters literally pop in and out of alleys , battling a federal force of nearly 30,000 to what is , so far , a stalemate .
What might be called the Alley Effect also has its influence in the political realm .
Many of Iraq ’s senior political leaders are former exiles , nearly all of them highly intelligent and well educated , and some extremely Westernized .
( Although I ca n’t mention names , some of the most senior leaders of this Muslim country are very fond of a drink now and then .
Johnny Walker Red Label , for example , is a particular favorite of one of them  one of the most pleasant and effective , in fact . )
Yesterday on Boing Boing , we shared first - hand reports from the guys at Miro that Comcast hired goons to fill seats and cheer at an FCC hearing over net neutrality at Harvard .
Today , Jordan at Valleywag points us to this update :
The FCC is considering holding a fresh hearing on net neutrality , with Comcast and Verizon again in attendance — and this time it may be at Stanford .
The do - over after a mini-scandal erupted over the first hearing , held at Harvard ; Comcast flacks confessed they 'd paid people off the street to act as seatwarmers .
Let this be a lesson to you all :
If you 're going to meddle in politics , do it skillfully enough not to get caught .
The Harvard hearing , a rare outside - the - Beltway event , ended disastrously for all involved .
The hearing had many more attendees than were expected , with the room running out of space well before the hearing began .
As a result , dozens of members of the public and opposition groups were refused entry .
Comcast 's ruse was detected when some of its fresh hires fell asleep .
Source control is the very bedrock of software development .
Without some sort of version control system in place , you can't reasonably call yourself a software engineer .
If you 're using a source control system of any kind , you 're versioning files almost by definition .
The concept of versioning is deeply embedded in every source control system .
You can't avoid it .
But there 's another concept , equally fundamental to source control , which is much less frequently used in practice .
That concept is branching .
The Subversion documentation has a decent layman 's description of branching :
Suppose it 's your job to maintain a handbook for a particular division of your company .
One day a different division asks you for the same handbook -- but with a few parts modified specifically for them , as they do things slightly differently .
What do you do in this situation ?
You do the obvious thing : you make a second copy of your document , and begin maintaining the two copies separately .
As each department asks you to make small changes , you incorporate them into one copy or the other .
But you often find yourself wanting to make the same change to both copies .
For example , if you discover a typo in the first copy , it 's very likely that the same typo exists in the second copy .
The two documents are almost the same , after all ; they only differ in small , specific ways .
This is the basic concept of a branch -- a line of development that exists independently of another line , yet still shares a common history .
A branch always begins life as a copy of something , and moves on from there , generating its own history .
If you do n't ever use the branching feature of your source control system , are you really taking full advantage of your source control system ?
I find that almost every client I visit is barely using branching at all .
Branching is widely misunderstood , and rarely implemented -- even though branching , like versioning , lies at the very heart of source control , and thus software engineering .
Perhaps the most accessible way to think of branches is as parallel universes .
They 're places where , for whatever reason , history did n't go quite the same way as it did in your universe .
From that point forward , that universe can be slightly different -- or it can be radically and utterly transformed .
Like the Marvel comic book series What If ? , branching lets you answer some interesting and possibly even dangerous " what if " questions with your software development .
Parallel universes offer infinite possibility .
They also allow you to stay safely ensconced in the particular universe of your choice , completely isolated from any events in other alternate universes .
An alternate universe where the Nazis won World War II is an interesting idea , so long as we do n't have to live in that universe .
There could potentially be thousands of these parallel universes .
Although branching offers the seductive appeal of infinite possibility with very little risk , it also brings along something far less desirable : infinite complexity .
The DC comic book series Crisis on Infinite Earths is a cautionary tale of the problems you can encounter if you start spinning off too many parallel universes .
Prior to Crisis on Infinite Earths , DC was notorious for its continuity problems .
No character 's backstory , within the comic books , was entirely self - consistent and reliable .
For example , Superman originally could n't fly ( he could instead leap over an eighth of a mile ) , and his powers came from having evolved on a planet with stronger gravity than Earth's .
Over time , he became able to fly , his powers were explained as coming from the sun , and a more complex backstory ( the now - familiar " last survivor of Krypton " origin story ) was invented .
Later it was altered to include his exploits as Superboy .
It was altered further to include Supergirl , the bottled city of Kandor , and other survivors of Krypton , further watering down the original idea of Superman having been the sole Kryptonian to survive the destruction of his world .
There was also an issue of character aging ; for instance , Batman , an Earth - born human being without super powers , retained his youth and vitality well into the 1960s despite having been an active hero during World War II , and his sidekick Robin never seemed to age beyond adolescence in over 30 years .
These issues were addressed during the Silver Age by DC creating parallel worlds in a multiverse : Earth - One was the contemporary DC Universe , which had been depicted since the advent of the Silver Age ; Earth - Two was the parallel world where the Golden Age events took place , and where the heroes who were active during that period had aged more or less realistically since that time ; Earth - Three was an " opposite " world where heroes were villains , and historical events happened the reverse of how they did in real life ( such as , for instance , President John Wilkes Booth being assassinated by a rebel named Abraham Lincoln ) ; Earth Prime was ostensibly the " real world , " used to explain how real - life DC staffers ( such as Julius Schwartz ) could occasionally appear in comics stories ; and so forth .
If something happened outside current continuity ( such as the so - called " Imaginary Stories " that were a staple of DC's Silver Age publications ) , it was explained away as happening on a parallel world , a premise not dissimilar to the company 's current " Elseworlds " imprint .
Start juggling too many parallel universes at once , and you 're bound to drop a few .
In most source control systems , you can create hundreds of branches with no performance issues whatsoever ; it 's the mental overhead of keeping track of all those branches that you really need to worry about .
Your developer 's brains can't exactly be upgraded the same way your source control server can , so this is a serious problem .
I find that the analogy of parallel universes helps developers grasp the concept of branching , along with its inevitable pros and cons .
But it does n't get much easier from there .
Branching is a complex beast .
There are dozens of ways to branch , and nobody can really tell you if you 're doing it right or wrong .
Here are a few common branching patterns you might recognize .
Branch per Release
Every release is a new branch ; common changes are merged between the releases .
Branches are killed off only when the releases are no longer supported .
Branch per Promotion
Every tier is a permanent branch .
As changes are completed and tested , they pass the quality gate and are " promoted " as merges into successive tiers .
Branch per Task
Every development task is a new , independent branch .
Tasks are merged into the permanent main branch as they are completed .
Branch per Component
Each architectural component of the system is a new , independent branch .
Components are merged into the main branch as they are completed .
Branch per Technology
Each technology platform is a permanent branch .
Common parts of the codebase are merged between each platform .
You may notice a few emerging themes in these branch patterns :
All branches have a clearly defined lifecycle .
They either live forever , or they are eventually killed off .
All branches are created with the intention of eventually merging , somewhere .
A branch without a merge is pointless .
As we add branches , our development model gets complicated .
But that complication is often justified .
The more developers you have on a project , the higher the chances are that one of those developers will check something really bad into source control and disrupt everyone else 's work .
It 's simple statistics .
People make mistakes .
The more developers you have , the more mistakes you 'll have .
And the more developers you have , the greater the consequences when everyone 's work is simultaneously disrupted by a bad checkin .
So what are our options ?
Maximum Productivity
Everyone works in the same common area .
There are no branches , just a long , unbroken straight line of development .
There 's nothing to understand , so checkins are brainlessly simple -- but each checkin can break the entire project and bring all progress to a screeching halt .
Minimum Risk
Every single person on the project works in their own private branch .
This minimizes risk ; everyone works independently , and nobody can disrupt anyone else 's work .
But it also adds incredible process overhead .
Collaboration becomes almost comically difficult -- every person 's work has to be painstakingly merged with everyone else 's work to see even the smallest part of the complete system .
The answer usually lies somewhere between these two extremes .
Like everything else , branching can be abused .
Chris Birmele notes that branching has its own set of anti-patterns you should watch out for :
Merge Paranoia
Merging is avoided at all cost , due to a fear of the consequences .
Merge Mania
The team spends an inordinate amount of time merging software assets rather than developing them .
Big Bang Merge Merging has been deferred to the very end of the development effort and an attempt is made to merge all branches simultaneously .
Never Ending Merge Merge activity never seems to end ; there 's always more to merge .
Wrong Way Merge
A software asset is merged with a previous version .
Branch Mania Branches are created often and for no apparent reason .
Cascading Branches Branches are never merged back to the main development line .
Mysterious Branches Nobody can tell you what the branches are for .
Temporary Branches
The purpose of a branch keeps changing ; it effectively serves as a permanent " temporary " workspace .
Volatile Branches
An unstable branch is shared by other branches or merged into another branch .
Development Freeze
All development activities are stopped during branching , merging and building new baselines Berlin Wall Branches are used to divide the development team members , rather than divide the work they are performing .
If you 've managed to read this far , perhaps you can understand why so many software development teams are completely sold on version control , but hesitant to take on branching and merging .
It 's a powerful , fundamental source control feature , sure , but it 's also complicated .
If you 're not careful , the wrong branching strategy could do more harm to your project than good .
Still , I urge developers to make an effort to understand branching -- really understand it -- and explore using branching strategies where appropriate on their projects .
Done right , the mental cost of the branching tax pales in comparison to the benefits of concurrent development it enables .
Embrace the idea of parallel universes in your code , and you may find that you can get more done , with less risk .
Just try to avoid a crisis on infinite codebases while you 're at it .
Have you ever wanted to be president ?
or prime - minister ?
Convinced you could do a better job of running the country ?
Let 's face it , you could hardly do a worse job than our current political leaders .
Crime , Unemployment , National Debt , Terrorism , Climate Change ...
Have you got the answers to the problems that face western industrialized nations ?
Democracy 2 is the ultimate political strategy / simulation game .
The game simulates the motivations , loyalties and desires of everyone in the country .
As president or prime minister , it 's your job to balance the need for income from taxes against the demands of the voters .
Do you want your country to be an eco-friendly green paradise ?
or a capitalist utopia ?
Will you pander to the patriots , the liberals or the religious pressure groups ?
Can you keep crime under control without destroying the civil liberties of your citizens ?
And can you keep good diplomatic relations with other nation states ?
This popular pc strategy game is easy to pick up .
An innovative user - interface shows the relationships between everything in the game just by hovering your mouse over an object .
The game is ' turn based ' , so it 's the ideal game for those who prefer an intelligent , thoughtful game .
" Democracy 2 sets a new standard for accessibility for simulation games . "
- Game Tunnel
The key to the game are the policy ' sliders ' that let you adjust how your government runs .
You can raise or lower taxes with a slider , or even adjust education policy , or workers rights in exactly the same way .
This system makes for a game that is easy to learn and difficult to master .
Democracy 2 covers the whole range of political opinion and policy , from debates over stem cell research and school prayer , through the provision of state health care and benefit payments to the unemployed , right across to tax shelters for the wealthy , the death penalty , military spending and civil rights .
regardless of where you stand on political topics , you will have the option to take control of the political machine and put your ideology to the test .
" Democracy 2 far outshines Democracy 1 in every way imaginable . "
- Gamer 2.0 Democracy 2 is n't just an election game , but focuses more on simulating the actual running of a country .
Your party will need to keep the voters happy to re-elect you , but it 's the actual day - to - day decision making as president or prime minister that is the core of the game .
It 's this that makes democracy 2 the most original politics game you can play .
The game is a turn - based strategy game .
Each turn represents a few months in office and you have a finite amount of ' political capital ' to spend each turn .
You can use that capital to introduce new laws , change department budgets , or make changes to existing government policies .
Democracy 2 is your very own virtual government , waiting for you to take control .
" Have fun and experiment !
Democracy 2's creators spent what appears to be an ungodly amount of time coding the interworkings between ... well , everything ! . "
- Gaming Shogun Democracy 2 comes with 10 different nation states for you to play as elected ruler , and it 's easy for you to mod your own countries .
You can also adjust a whole range of parameters at the start of each game , such as the length of time between elections , the political party names , and the distribution of citizens between various electoral groups .
The game also has a number of achievements to work towards such as Economic Miracle or Crime - Free utopia !.
You can limit the number of terms too , if you do n't relish the prospect of staying president forever .
What are you waiting for ?
try the free demo .
Note :
The white - colored prototype referred to in this post is a one - of - a - kind built for a customer that requested it .
A custom configurably production model , shown directly below , called the Access Controller and described in this post , is forthcoming and will available for mass market purchase from eDimensional .
Stay tuned to Benheck.com for further information …
The prototype of the forthcoming production model Access Controller ..
Now , back to today ’s custom controller …
Recently I was asked to build another one of the right - handed controllers , and I thought I ’d talk about it on the site a bit .
A single - handed controller with a swell bank of LED ’s .
Large version .
This is n’t the production model that I ’ve been working on with eDimensional , you can read more about that here .
But this is a refinement of a right - hand only design , similar to one I did last year .
Main trigger area .
It swivels a bit to accomodate the fingers .
Large version .
As before the right analog stick is actuated by setting this controller against a leg or table .
An elastic strap / Velco attaches everything to your hand .
For more photos , check the rest of the story .
…
The elastic strap .
Very camcorder - esque .
The guts of this controller in their original test form .
And remember , no one should be without a custom Miller beer mousepad .
Attaching the guts to the front piece of the case .
I lined up the LED ’s for a retro 80 ’s feel , none of this circle nonsense !
The other side of the main board .
This is where I ’ll attach the wiring for the triggers and buttons .
The very colorful trigger module .
Note how I ’ve used a spare analog trigger module from the Access Controller prototype .
Analog triggers for the 360 are very hard to build from scratch so I ’ve saved myself the effort .
The not - so - colorful insides of that module .
At this point I ’ve bought about 17 billion blank PCB ’s from Radio Shack …
Connecting the button wiring .
Someday I will have recycled every bit of old IDE cable on the planet …
The trigger module mounted to the rear plate .
Has kind of a modern art / fancy sculpture look to it .
Or maybe it ’s just me .
Wiring the halves together .
Includes free “ Ben Was Here ” text , as all my creations do .
A view of the front ( with a battery missing ) taken in a room with some light .
Yes , I used a Playstation D - pad on an Xbox product , why not ?
I like how it looks , and it was laying around .
Stay tuned to Benheck.com for more information on the mass - produced Access Controller production model !
When Oscar Wilde said that J. M. W. Turner had invented sunsets , he was joking , but he was n't only joking .
He meant that Turner had made the sunset into a subject of art , and therefore people were now looking at , talking about , and thinking about sunsets in a new way ; thanks to Turner , all of us now see sunsets differently .
In the parlance of contemporary critical theory — often a barbaric dialect , but sometimes a useful one — Turner invented the " discourse " of sunsets .
It is in this sense that Marcus Boon , in his theory - afflicted but nonetheless lively study " The Road of Excess " ( Harvard ; $ 29.95 ) , says that Thomas De Quincey , with the 1821 publication of " Confessions of an English Opium Eater , " " invented the concept of recreational drug use . "
More precisely , De Quincey invented the discourse of recreational drug use : the whole way of thinking about drug - taking as a hobby and an escape into what Baudelaire , writing about drugs in 1858 , was to call our " artificial paradises . "
What 's nice about that phrase of Baudelaire 's is the way it packs three ideas into two words : that drugs are " paradise , " i.e. , they make you feel good ; but that the paradise is fake ; and that , in any case , paradise was a place we were expelled from .
Drugs can be fun , but they ruin people 's lives .
This we know .
The hundred and eighty years since De Quincey 's invention have seen a great expansion in the pharmacopoeia , especially since 1862 , when the drug company Merck began to produce cocaine .
( One of its great early advocates was an ambitious young Viennese doctor named Sigmund Freud , who claimed , among other things , that " repeated doses of coca produce no compulsive desire to use the stimulant further ; on the contrary one feels a certain unmotivated aversion to the substance . "
Yeah , right . )
Diamorphine , also known as heroin , was first synthesized for commercial use in 1897 .
The men who discovered it , Felix Hoffman and Arthur Eichengrun , had also , a couple of weeks earlier , invented aspirin ; for some years , heroin could be bought over the counter and aspirin required a prescription .
Professional ironists love drug history .
Then we had barbiturates , beginning with Veronal , in 1903 , and amphetamines , which Smith , Kline first put on the market under the trade name Benzedrine , in 1932 .
Cannabis became increasingly popular after Prohibition began , in 1919 ; the first attempt to ban peyote came in 1921 ( this being an important benchmark of a drug 's popularity ) ; Albert Hoffman 's account of LSD came out in 1947 ; PCP , or " angel dust , " went on the market as an anesthetic under the trade name Sernyl in 1959 ; amyl nitrite became popular during the nineteen - sixties .
MDMA , also known as Ecstasy , began to be used in the seventies .
More recently , drugs such as GHB ( a synthetic version of gamma - hydroxybutyrate , a chemical that occurs naturally in the brain ) and ketamine ( a derivative of PCP used as an animal anesthetic ) have enjoyed vogues .
Boon tells us that ketamine , a popular drug in the world of raves and electronic dance music , " synergizes with the sonic battery of the disco sound system to produce ' K - holes , ' sudden black - outs of consciousness on the dance floor . "
A drug that gives you a good time in the form of amnesia . . .
Gosh , what entertainment .
And this is to consider only the drugs whose use is illegal , and not the tranquillizers and antidepressants that are daily being prescribed and taken in enormous quantities : Valium and Prozac , Xanax and Seroxat , Ativan and Librium , and all the rest .
There is no question that the modern era has been a heroic period for the invention and ingestion of pharmaceuticals .
And writers have taken all these drugs , often in heroic quantities .
So where are the literary results ?
" Psychedelic " means " mind- manifesting . "
Where , then , are the manifestations ?
Where are the bodies of work that have come to us as a result of this explosive expansion of the pharmacopoeia , this unprecedented transformation of possibilities for tinkering with the mind 's chemistry ?
Have drugs helped anyone to write anything that would have seemed surprising and new to the Prophet Ezekiel or William Blake ?
Consider the following passage , from Jean - Paul Sartre 's 1960 existentialist blockbuster " The Critique of Dialectical Reason " :
**{ : .break one} **
But it should be noted that this regulatory totalisation realises my immanence in the group in the quasi- transcendence of the totalising third party ; for the latter , as the creator of objectives or organiser of means , stands in a tense and contradictory relation of transcendence - immanence , so that my integration , though real in the here and now which define me , remains somewhere incomplete , in the here and now which characterise the regulatory third party .
We see here the re-emergence of an element of alterity proper to the statute of the group , but which here is still formal : the third party is certainly the same , the praxis is certainly common everywhere ; but a shifting dislocation makes it totalising when I am the totalised means of the group , and conversely .
**
There are a number of valid responses to these arguments .
One might be :
They sure do n't make public intellectuals like they used to .
Another might be : I 'm not sure Sartre 's arguments constitute more than a footnote to his work in " L'être et le Néant . "
A third might be : What was he on ?
It 's a good question .
When he wrote the " Critique , " Sartre , a lifelong caffeine fiend and serious drinker , was also frying his brains on corydrane , a form of amphetamine mixed with , of all things , aspirin .
The philosopher was using corydrane on a daily basis , first to cut through the fug of the barbiturates he was taking to help him sleep — and he was having trouble sleeping not least because of all the corydrane he was putting away — but also to keep him at his desk , churning out the " Critique . "
" To put it briefly , " he told Simone de Beauvoir some time later , " in philosophy , writing consisted of analysing my ideas ; and a tube of corydrane meant ' these ideas will be analysed in the next two days . ' " Or , as the Ramones used to put it , Gabba Gabba Hey .
We hear a lot these days about drug abuse , but there is also such a thing as drug use — a utilitarian attitude to our body chemistry in which drugs are simply aids to productivity .
That 's how Sartre treated them , and Marcus Boon argues that " several of Sartre 's works show the influence of speed , " including " The Idiot of the Family , " his incomplete and close to definitively unreadable five - volume study of Flaubert , and " Saint Genet , " which , Boon relates , " began as a 50 - page preface to Genet 's writings , and ended up an 800 - page book . "
Sartre was therefore a recognizable type of speed freak , the type dedicated to obsessive , unfinishable , and , to the neutral observer , pointless toil — the sort who , several hours after taking the drug , can usually be found sitting on the floor , grinding his teeth and alphabetizing his CDs by the name of the sound engineer .
Sartre is probably a bad advertisement for the effect of amphetamines as an aid to composition , but he is by no means the only example of a writer who used speed to help him work .
For sheer quantity , Boon notes , it is hard to beat Philip K. Dick , who from 1963 to 1964 , under the influence of the methamphetamine Semoxydrine , wrote " eleven science fiction novels , along with a number of essays , short stories , and plot treatments in an amphetamine - fuelled frenzy that accompanied or precipitated the end of one of his marriages . "
( That " accompanied or precipitated " nicely captures how little fun it must have been to be Mrs. Dick . )
If Philip K .
Dick does not entirely convince on grounds of literary merit — and the books in question are n't quite his best material — then how about Graham Greene , who was pounding Benzedrine when he wrote his 1939 travel book about Mexico , " The Lawless Roads , " and the novel that came out of his Mexican travels , " The Power and the Glory " ?
( The paranoid and menacing atmosphere of that superb novel , which describes a whiskey priest being hunted by Communist revolutionaries , surely owes something to Greene 's pill - chugging . )
Perhaps the finest writer ever to use speed systematically , however , was W. H. Auden .
He swallowed Benzedrine every morning for twenty years , from 1938 onward , balancing its effect with the barbiturate Seconal when he wanted to sleep .
( He also kept a glass of vodka by the bed , to swig if he woke up during the night . )
He took a pragmatic attitude toward amphetamines , regarding them as a " labor - saving device " in the " mental kitchen , " with the important proviso that " these mechanisms are very crude , liable to injure the cook , and constantly breaking down . "
Auden seems to have been the only unquestionably major writer to use drugs in quite this way , as a direct source of energy for his work .
He represents the apotheosis of a utilitarian approach to drugs ; and it is therefore logical , if he was going to take drugs , that he would gravitate toward speed , which is the utilitarian drug par excellence .
By comparison , alcohol is a very bad working drug for writers .
It is more or less impossible to write when drunk , which is just as well , given how much and how many writers drink ; imagine the amount of booze they would put away if it actually helped .
The case of amphetamines is atypical , however , because most of the time writers take drugs not because they want to work but because they want to get high , or they want to unwind , or they want to , in Rimbaud 's phrase , " systematically derange " all their senses .
If they seem to take more of them than other people , it is perhaps because writers — since not many of them write for more than a few hours a day — tend to have quite a lot of spare time in which to be stoned and , just as important , hungover .
It is also because some writers think that drugs will help them get ideas for later use .
Whether these turn out to be good ideas or not is a trickier question .
To look at this kind of drug use , and its literary consequences , we have to go back to the man who started all the trouble : Thomas De Quincey .
Born in Manchester in 1785 , De Quincey was a brilliant student and career no -goodnick who dropped first out of Manchester Grammar School and then out of Worcester College , Oxford ; it took him ten years to drift into journalism , and the series of articles that was to become the " Confessions . "
He was thirty - six .
He knew he was special , but he had n't done much to prove it except take large amounts of opium : up to three hundred and twenty grains a day , which his biographer , Grevel Lindop , calls a " heavy but not exceptional oral dose . "
( He took it in the form of laudanum , dissolved in alcohol , as people tended to in the nineteenth century . )
In a sense , his opium - eating was his claim to distinction , which is among the things that make the " Confessions " such an uneasy piece of writing .
Here is one of De Quincey 's stoned reveries :
**{ : .break one} ** I was stared at , hooted at , grinned at , chattered at , by monkeys , by paroquets , by cockatoos .
I ran into pagodas : and was fixed , for centuries , at the summit , or in secret rooms ; I was the idol ; I was the priest ; I was worshipped ; I was sacrificed .
I fled from the wrath of Brama through all the forests of Asia : Vishnu hated me : Seeva laid wait for me .
I came suddenly upon Isis and Osiris : I had done a deed , they said , which the ibis and the crocodile trembled at .
I was buried , for a thousand years , in stone coffins , with mummies and sphinxes , in narrow chambers at the heart of eternal pyramids .
I was kissed , with cancerous kisses , by crocodiles ; and laid , confounded with all unutterable slimy things , amongst reeds and Nilotic mud . **
Wow !
Yuck !
Or at least that 's how we 're supposed to react .
Like a freak - show barker , De Quincey stresses that we are sure to be appalled by the sights we are about to witness .
The " Confessions " dwells on the horrors of opium in a way that seems close to boasting .
Its author has gone places , seen things we would n't dare to ; so the book pretends to be a warning , while also acting as something of an Advertisement for Myself .
It gestures toward the squares who will be disgusted and repelled ( " Guilt and misery shrink , by a natural instinct , from public notice , " De Quincey tells us , at the start of his account ) , while also indicating to the hepcats that he 's actually someone pretty special .
He is inducted into a secret : " This is the doctrine of the true church on the subject of opium , of which church I acknowledge myself to be the only member . "
The hint of blasphemy is there to horrify some and to bring a knowing smile to others .
This double shuffle has been common to most drug writing ever since .
On the one hand , the writers stress the horror of dope .
On the other , they take pleasure in their own willingness to transgress , and their readers are usually taken as being complicit — cool enough to be with the writer , on the inside .
There 's an us and a them .
It makes drug writing , which on one level purports to celebrate the fact that we are all chemically similar under the skin , one of the more snobbish kinds of literature , since it depends on the idea that , if everybody got it , it would have no point .
Most of the key texts of drug writing adopt this mixture of warning and boasting .
They put you off even as they are pretending to put you on , and vice versa .
This is not to say that they are bad books , although quite a few of them , including the " Confessions , " have a status as classics that is not quite justified .
William Burroughs 's " Junkie , " for instance , was first published , pseudonymously , in a 1953 pulp double edition with " Narcotic Agent , " by Maurice Helbrant ( tag line : " Gripping True Adventures of a T - Man's War Against the Dope Menace " ) .
The horrify - the - squares tone of " Junkie " is closer to that of anti-dope trash than its admirers might like to admit :
**{ : .break one} ** Doolie , sick , was an unnerving sight .
The envelope of personality was gone , dissolved by his junk - hungry cells .
Viscera and cells , galvanized into a loathsome insect - like activity , seemed on the point of breaking through the surface .
His face was blurred , unrecognizable , at the same time shrunken and tumescent .
**
Burroughs is trying to seem deliberately matter - of - fact while not stray - ing far from the Wow !
Yuck ! that De Quincey sought to evoke .
But , then , both De Quincey and Burroughs were addicted to opiates , and perhaps there is something about taking these drugs which makes the consumer want to relate the experience of this affectless state , this zonked anomie .
( It is present in other writing about this sort of addiction , such as that of Ann Marlowe in " How to Stop Time " : " Making love on dope was like changing a tire under water . " )
It 's also worth pointing out that neither Burroughs nor De Quincey was quite coming clean : both of them made out that they were writing after they had kicked their addiction , which was not true in either case .
Burroughs was still on methadone at the time of his death , in 1997 .
A man in that position might well pretend to be feeling a little bit cooler than he actually was — especially in a situation where pretending to be cool was a big part of the whole enterprise .
Handheld police video missing in strip search case Muriel Kane
Published : Tuesday February 5 , 2008
|
Print This Email This
The case of an Ohio woman who was arrested for disorderly conduct and forcibly strip - searched by both male and female guards has aroused widespread comment since the release of a police video of the incident .
Hope Steffey is suing the Stark County sheriff 's office over her alleged mistreatment , with the video as documentation .
However , WKYC News in Cleveland reports that there may have been additional video of Steffey being abused that has been withheld by the police .
The incident began when Steffey was attacked and injured by a relative and another family member called 911 .
The sheriff 's deputy who responded to the call was confused and began treating Steffey as the perpetrator rather than the victim .
According to Steffey , he threw her against his car and then picking her up and slamming her back onto the ground .
" Oddly enough , " reports WKYC , " the sheriff 's dashcam video was n't turned on while all of this was happening . "
Steffey says she was roughed up again in the jail before she was stripped , and there is no video of that , either .
However , jailhouse surveillance cameras show a deputy with a handheld camera filming Steffey being escorted to her cell .
This raises the possibility that video from both that camera and the sheriff 's dashcam do exist but have not been provided to Steffey 's lawyers .
Official Stark County policy is that prisoners can only be strip - searched by deputies of the same sex .
The sheriff insists that this does n't apply because Steffey was not strip - searched but was stripped naked for her own protection .
This video is from WKYC News , broadcast February 4 , 2008 .
Fighting the PKK Can Turkey Succeed in Northern Iraq ?
Turkish military leaders as well as Turkish papers have reported success in northern Iraq , but how effective has the invasion been ?
US and Iraqi leaders are impatient , while Kurdish militants have probably melted away .
Von Jürgen Gottschlich
Pro-Iraq ad buyers turn to lobbying Nick Juliano
Published : Friday November 16 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This Group tells
Raw it will reach out to both parties Freedom 's Watch , a pro-Iraq war interest group populated by prominent Republicans and former Bush administration officials , swept into the debate over the war this summer with a series of slickly produced , emotional TV ads .
Now the group wants to take its arguments straight to the Capitol Hill lawmakers who are debating how and whether to continue funding America 's nearly five - year occupation of Iraq .
Freedom 's Watch filed papers on Sept. 17 to lobby lawmakers , as noted this week by CQ Moneyline , a campaign fundraising and political advocacy tracking service .
The group says it plans to reach out to members of both parties on a variety of issues , including troop funding and " winning the war on terror . "
" We wo n't narrow our scope in terms of who we 're going to be talking to , " Matt David , a spokesman for the group , tells RAW STORY .
The lobbying disclosure form lists three Freedom 's Watch officials , who are joining the pro-war lobbying effort , including Bradley Blakeman , a former deputy assistant to President Bush , and David , a former Bush - Cheney campaign aide .
Former White House press secretary Ari Fleischer is a founding board member of Freedom 's Watch , although he is not listed as a registered lobbyist .
David says
Fleischer wo n't be involved in the lobbying effort , and the group will not be coordinating its actions with the Bush administration .
" By law we 're not allowed to coordinate with the White House , so we are following the law , " he said in an interview Friday .
" We are not coordinating with the White House . "
As RAW STORY reported last month , Freedom 's Watch appears to be part of a revolving door between the White House and outside public relations groups trying to bolster support for the unpopular occupation of Iraq .
David said Freedom 's
Watch plans to announce an expansion of its advocacy efforts to include issues beyond the war and hopes to become a force in Washington .
" This is an organization with the goal to be a perpetual operation for years and years to come , " he said .
In August , Freedom 's Watch began a $ 15 million ad campaign in 20 states urging members of Congress to stay the course in Iraq .
Those ads , which aired just before Gen.
David Petraeus 's progress report on the " surge " in Iraq , conflated the Iraq invasion and the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11 , despite the fact that Saddam Hussein had nothing to do with the plot to fell the World Trade Center .
Just this month , Freedom 's Watch purchased newspaper ads in vulnerable Democrats ' districts , although the ads did n't seem to shake their targets .
" If people want to advertise that he 's advocating a position different than President Bush , we welcome that , " a spokesman for Rep. Harry Mitchell , an Arizona Democrat whose constituents saw the Freedom 's Watch ad in the Arizona Republic , told the Huffington Post 's Michael Roston .
It is unclear whether the highly emotional ads helped sway any votes , although Congress has continually failed to force a change of course in Iraq .
Whether such arguments will be just as convincing when presented in person remains to be seen .
DIGG THIS
The Nashville Tennessean headline for Feb 29 , 2008 was " Bush , Bernanke banish R- word . "
The sub heading was " They see no recession on horizon , but concede economy is slowing . "
The article was a pickup from Associated Press writer Jeanine Aversa .
Just what exactly is the functionality of banishing a word ?
Are we to no longer use it ?
Has it become meaningless ?
What powers over language and meaning do these two men have ?
Having actually read the Constitution of the United States and understanding what those words mean I can only conclude that neither of these men have any public power to banish words .
What they do have the power to do , thanks to a complicit mass media , is pervert the meaning of the words to deceive the populace .
A recession is defined by two consecutive quarters of negative GNP growth , a depression of 4 consecutive quarters of negative GNP growth .
This means the economy is shrinking , less business is being transacted for whatever reason , fewer goods and services are produced .
Some people actually start saving and stop spending , or pay down accumulated debt .
Maybe it is time to pay the Visa bill down and not by Junior a new Hummer .
Business and individuals have had sufficient malinvestment that failures get liquidated and a retrenchment occurs .
Factories draw down inventories to lessen carrying costs , prices drop to woo consumers less willing to part with hard - earned money , layoffs occur , businesses fail , personal bankruptcies rise .
It ’s been a good party , but they do come to an end .
In an election year , recessions are the kiss of death for the incumbent administration , hence the banishing of the R word .
Maybe they want to send it beyond the Pale as the Czar of all the Russia ’s once sent Jews .
Wherever the pale actually was is not certain , but in Russia it was probably cold and certainly harsh .
Not exactly a winning ticket for an American President .
This is an American President who ’s entire Presidency , mercifully for the entire planet in its final year has had a hard time with words .
Accuracy and precision of the spoken word has been lax .
Prevarication , mendacity , and outright mangling of the English language have sadly been the norm .
If these guys are moving their lips the truth is going to have a poor showing .
For Lil Bush the truth has been a fungible concept : it is whatever he wants it to be , whenever he wants it to be , and as stated in the past can reinterpreted in the future as something completely different .
I would speculate that much of the time the truth is not even apparent in thought as the words flow past on the teleprompter and he struggles not to move his lips when approaching the really big ones ( 3 syllables and up ) .
The Vice - President says nothing which is usually good because when he does it is usually a lie .
Still let ’s look at other words we might want to banish .
Weapons of Mass Destruction aka WMD ’s gone .
They can not be talked about because since they never existed we did not have to invade Iraq and wreck what remained of their infrastructure from a decade of sanctions and repeated bombings of second - world country put on a steep descent down to the third rung by the world ’s only superpower .
The D word democracy is not banished .
The Iraqi ’s clearly invited us to trade , their oil , hundreds of thousands of dead and missing sons , wives , fathers and daughters for a ballot box stuffed with our hand - picked , cream of the crop , intelligentsia of Iraqi culture .
Why they need so many bodyguards , armored vehicles , and high walls around their fortresses , I mean homes , is unclear .
Perhaps it is to keep the throngs of satisfied citizens off the grass or from scaring the pets in their zeal .
The L word as in a lie , a falsehood or the act of lying is definitely banished .
Jesus has touched the President ’s heart , as he has said many times .
Since lying is forbidden in the Ten Commandments this one had to go , since he was " born again . "
The B word as in bear market is out , all markets are bull markets , the time to buy stocks is now .
Invest in your and America ’s future .
The G word as in Gold Standard is out .
The worst thing an economy can do is cling to this false idol of a bygone era .
President Roosevelt so kindly spared us from this .
The dollar may be asymptotically approaching zero when compared against the Euro , gas prices are rising because of cosmic rays , the work of Lucifer in league with Al Qaeda as many speculate .
Not because of any fiscal malfeasance on the part of our Bi-Partisan leadership and their complicit Federal Reserve .
Stable prices are mandated which means printing more money to give first to your friends , where it is stable , but by the time it gets to the rest of us inflation has somehow crept in , even after 90 years of central banking .
Still Lockheed and Halliburton see a rosy future .
OBL as in the criminal Osama Bin Laden is definitely out .
We are seeking to end an adjective , terror , not a criminal .
It is no one ’s interest for this man to be found , because then the war would actually be over .
OBL will be 120 years old and our garrisoned troops in 700 different overseas locations , with a trillion dollar a year budget will not be able to catch this wily old dodger as he crawls around some of the harshest terrain on the planet , trailing his dialysis machine , the generators that run it , his satellite phone from which to call forth willing thralls , and last but not least the low - quality audio equipment from which he makes his recruiting pitches that chill us all to the bone , but not speaking Arabic we let the CIA tell us what he said .
The H word as in housing collapse is out .
No time like the current time to buy more real estate !
All those for sale signs , that rarely ever say sold anymore are proof of the vigor of the American economy under Lil Bush and Deadeye Cheney .
Reagan proved that deficits do not matter !
In true faith as Republicans they have graciously added 4 trillion dollars more of them to the backs of our children .
The A word accountability is out .
The President will not be able to do anything in what remains of his term other than write pardons if this word is allowed .
The C word , Constitution is not out , it is very in .
What is out is actually adhering to it under the rule of law .
All of the thousands of Presidential directives have made this a venerated if quaint antique .
Something you salute , like the flag , Mom and apple pie .
You talk about it in speeches and at rallies , or when you are praising the vigor with which we protect our freedom that our enemies hate .
What is really done is classified under the Patriot act so that our enemies cannot know what the plans for implementing freedom actually are , but then neither do the rest of us .
This is probably not an accident .
The P word for police state is clearly out .
This is the land of the free , as we are now free to be subject to electronic surveillance from almost anywhere , continuously .
From the street corner spy cameras , to the myriad satellites in space .
From the Echelon system in foreign lands and the military drones flying over our cities we are watched .
Internet routers can now direct digital data to the great NSA packet sink courtesy of all those wired closets that big Telco ’s graciously supply in return for immunity .
Prior to the Internet the DEA could activate their own switches in the telephone system as desired in the War on Drugs .
We are now almost a century into losing .
Still the local police have been militarized with advanced training , state - of - the - art vforensic labs , Kevlar vests , Tasers and automatic weapons .
Programs for spying on neighbors and testifying anonymously with hearsay have been codified into law .
Private property can now be confiscated by multiple authorities for any of a myriad of allegations , I mean reasons .
It is up to the property owner to prove that they are innocent ( at their own cost of course ) .
I cannot resist the brilliant line from Sheriff Little Bill Daggett in Clint Eastwood ’s movie Unforgiven : " Innocent ?
Innocent of what . "
The W for War Department is banished as well , even though we actually now have two of them , since one was not enough , a baby has been birthed Homeland Security , equally incompetent and just as wasteful if only on a smaller scale .
At least in a bygone era the name War Department was an honest expression of intent .
In the 21st Century there are well over a billion arms in private hands in America , and by count that ’s a little over one for each hand , and one for the back of our Levi ’s for every man women and child citizen of our peace - loving nation .
There are trillions of rounds to go with this arsenal .
Personally I think it would great fun to break up the tedium of the regular workday and go to the beach and have a shootout with the invaders .
" Pack a picnic basket Ma , all this killing is going to make me hungry and thirsty "
But never in American History have we been invaded .
The closest we came was to ride over with the British and then rudely send them home .
Apparently failing to learn the attendant lesson of the length of supply lines , logistical nightmares of foreign occupation , and the recalcitrance of people that have their homes invaded and their families and neighbors murdered .
We are in good company Napoleon and Hitler also failed to learn this social studies lesson as well , much to the chagrin of their troops .
I think by now you can see where this is headed , but still there is so much material to work with thanks to these four - star clowns intent on giving it all away .
Platoons of comedians and late - night talk show hosts are making personal fortunes keeping us laughing to keep from crying over the mess we are in .
Even if they mistakenly conflate socialism with liberty , and believe that Republicans and Democrats really are of different ideological frameworks .
These cultural mavens are largely Democrats , yet to their credit they by and large openly advocated a policy of socialism and more intrusive programs and wasteful spending .
The Republicans with the lone exception of Ron Paul just lie , cheat and steal about everything kind of like Lincoln , Mussolini and that German with the funny mustache .
This bile - filled screed could go on all night ; the article that sent me into this tirade was only about 200 words , all of it denying the obvious .
I quote some more of it from Miss Aversa :
WASHINGTON —
When it comes to the economy , President Bush and Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke see the glass half full , rather than half empty .
The economy is in turmoil , yet Bush and Bernanke say the country will weather the storm .
Neither sees a recession on the horizon .
Bush and Bernanke are on the front lines of the government ’s efforts to right an economy that increasing numbers of economists fear is on the verge of its first recession since 2001 , if it has n’t fallen into one already .
The housing market ’s collapse , a credit crisis and galloping energy prices are crimping spending and investing .
Those are mighty punches to a teetering economy that nearly stalled at the end of last year .
Bush and the Federal Reserve chairman acknowledged the dangers Thursday .
But Bush , at a White House news conference , and Bernanke , in congressional testimony , seemed to strike the same hopeful note that the economy should be able to survive its ills .
“ I do n’t think we ’re headed to a recession , but no question we ’re in a slowdown , ” Bush said .
The Federal Reserve is not forecasting a recession .
It does predict slow growth and higher unemployment this year .
“ I realize that my testimony was n’t the most cheerful thing you ’ll hear today … but I do very much believe that the U.S. economy will return to a strong growth path with price stability , ” Bernanke told the Senate Banking , Housing and Urban Affairs Committee .
It was his second day in a row on Capitol Hill discussing the economy . "
My experience with the current administration is that every single word that is uttered is to be suspect .
If you ask them the time , check your watch .
If they tell you the weather report look out the window , if you shake their hand count the fingers you get back .
They wo n’t ask for your wallet they have already emptied long before you were born and long into the future .
Given the Orwellian promiscuity with what Fox News loosely calls the truth , it is a safe bet that literally everything Miss Alversa writes about will not come true .
These statements are just deflections of the obvious , cruel antonyms of the reality .
What everyone I know and talk to is worried about is the crumbling value of the dollar and the flip side of that coin , the skyrocketing price of energy .
That our government , under the Presidency George W. Bush , has become completely and callously unfettered by the rule of law enshrined in the Constitution .
It is out of control , and that his imperial hegemonic empire expansion will drive us to the brink of history ’s largest bankruptcy .
We continue to borrow $ 2 billion dollars each and every day , adding to that $ 9 trillion dollar mound of government paper and promises
Bush is correct about one thing : there will be no recession in his future .
He can be a salesman for the Carlyle Group , he ’ll ghost write a book he wo n’t read for a multi-million dollar payday , then there are the $ 100,000 an hour speaking engagements — why anyone would want to hear this inarticulate lummox speak once out of office I cannot fathom .
The best I can hope for is that maybe in a dark hour of the night his conscience will awaken him to what he has done and he ’ll return to his besotted youth to drown the pain and the shame .
Maybe all the brown corpses he has created from living beings will call his name from deep and troubled shadows of his mind , but I doubt it .
The last 8 years have been a miserable time for freedom - loving Americans .
What I see is that the Democratic " opposition " has watched Lil Bush with envious eyes , salivating at their chance to get the levers of power .
The Socialism they so openly advocate , as Ludwig Von Mises has demonstrated so clearly , will wreck this country .
Perhaps in closing that is the only thing even mildly positive about the Republicans , that their agenda is to wreck other countries so that they can stand tall and pronounce victory .
" What ’s that smell son ?
Napalm sir .
Smells like … victory . " ~ Robert Duval ( Apocalypse Now )
Everyone deserves a better future .
The Best of George Giles
Congressman Wexler will present the signatures he got on the floor of the house Tuesday night and make the case for hearings .
It will be on C - Span and we will post the video as well as email the video to the near 200,000 on our list .
He will also mention by name other groups that have collected signatures and how many they have , including impeachbush.org .
[…]
All the best , Eric
When astronomers find a gamma ray burst , they can usually locate the culprit ’s home galaxy .
But in the case of an explosion that went off earlier this year , there ’s no galaxy to be found – even with the most powerful telescopes on Earth .
The gamma ray burst GRB 070125 was first detected on January 26th , 2007 by NASA ’s Swift telescope in the constellation Gemini .
One of the brightest bursts of the year , astronomers scrambled to observe the explosion and then the slowly fading afterglow .
Gamma ray bursts occur when a massive star runs out of fuel .
Without the light pressure , the star collapses inward on itself , turning into a black hole .
This newly formed black hole spins at an enormous rate , generating enormous magnetic fields .
These fields catch infalling material and spew it out again into powerful jets .
And it ’s those jets where the burst comes from .
One of the normal activities in observing GRBs is the identify the host galaxy so that astronomers can measure its distance .
It ’s also important to know what kind of galaxy the burst exploded within to better understand the kinds of environments can lead to these massive stars .
In the case of GRB 070125 , though , no originating galaxy was obvious .
Astronomers from Caltech / Penn State used the 60 - inch Palomar Observatory to watch the afterglow , and then called in the even larger Gemini North and Keck 1 telescopes , located on Hawaii ’s Mauna Kea .
Even with the power of Keck , they could n’t find a galaxy .
So how could you get a gamma ray burst without a galaxy ?
Astronomers know that colliding galaxies can throw off enormous tidal tails that stretch away for hundreds of thousands of light - years .
The original star could have been within one of these tidal tails , many light - years away from its parent galaxy .
If their theory is correct , a long duration exposure from the Hubble Space Telescope should reveal the dim tidal tail .
Original Source : NASA News Release
Spoofs & Satire Nov 16 , 2007 Three Simple Ways to Abandon Your Family
When enough is enough , when federal investigators are on your trail , or you ’ve decided to marry that cocktail waitress after all — it ’s time to leave .
Go Out for Cigarettes and Never Come Back
1. Start smoking at least three months prior to attempting your deception .
( Six months is actually preferable . )
This will lend you the credibility that ’s fundamental to success .
For example , you would n’t claim to be going out to buy a newspaper if you ’ve never before shown an interest in reading the paper .
Each puff will cement in your family ’s mind the notion that you ’ll have to regularly go out to replenish your supply of cigarettes .
2 . Do n’t smoke inside the house .
This will betray the hostile feelings that have been building up toward your family for many years .
Smoke outside on the porch , so they ’ll think you still care about them .
This way , when the big day finally arrives , they ’ll be far less suspicious that you ’re leaving forever .
3 . In the days preceding the execution of your plan , be sure to make repeated offhand remarks such as “ Boy , I am certainly running low on cigarettes ” and “ One day soon I will undoubtedly need to make a special trip to buy more cigarettes . ”
Do n’t improvise .
Write down your lines beforehand , rehearse them in private , and deliver them with the utmost sincerity .
No cue cards .
4 . It ’s now time to pull off the con .
“ I ’m going down to the corner store to get cigarettes .
Be right back . ”
Ideally , you ’ll be saying this to your wife .
You ca n’t trust your children to get the message right , and the correct message is essential .
You do n’t want your family to think you ’ve gone on a week - long hunting trip with your buddies , as you ’re prone to do when that smothered feeling gets too overwhelming .
It must be a simple run to the store for cigarettes or everything is ruined .
5 . ( Important :
If your wife replies , “ Cigarettes ?
Since when have you started smoking ? ” then call off the plan at once .
You ’ve been doing something wrong .
You must now wait at least another three months , preferably six . )
6 . Assuming everything has gone smoothly in Step Four , you can get in your truck and leave .
You ’re a free man again .
Congratulations .
7 . New life , here you come .
8 . But first , stop at the store for a pack of smokes .
Fake Your Own Death
1 . Take your family camping deep in the woods .
Make certain it ’s a time of year amenable to outdoor activities .
To go camping in the dead of winter will only cause warning bells to go off in the minds of your so - called loved ones .
Curb your impatience and play the waiting game .
Or online poker .
2 . The flowers are in bloom , the birds are singing , and your weary spirit , burdened for so long by familial pressures and responsibilities you had never imagined , is ready to soar again .
As you ’re making camp with the wife and kids , remark on the beauty of nature , the timelessness of the earth itself , and the ever - present danger of ravenous bears .
Especially the part about the bears .
( This will be important later . )
3 . Take everyone on a hike during which you happen to notice curious tracks in the dirt .
Feign interest long enough for one of your family members to ask what kind of animal it was .
“ A bear , ” you say , looking pensively into the woods .
“ A ravenous bear . ”
Your previous hunting trips will grant you authority in this situation , even though you spent all your time in the cabin getting drunk .
4 . Take your family fishing at a nearby stream .
Catch several fish ( salmon , if possible ) , cook them for supper , and casually mention that bears can scent a fish for up to eight miles .
As darkness falls , proceed to tell tales around the campfire .
Each and every tale should prominently feature a bear .
5 . As your children retire to their separate tent , tell your wife you ’ll join her in your own tent after a quick trip to water the bushes .
Take off your sweatshirt , quietly rip it to shreds , and deposit it where you ’re certain it will be found in the morning .
It would n’t hurt to leave your hat as well , and possibly a shoe .
Resist the urge to create a commotion .
Do n’t shake the bushes , do n’t scream bloody murder , and above all do not make growling sounds .
6. Escape into the woods and attempt to find your way back to civilization .
This will be extremely difficult in the dark , with little or no food and water , and only one shoe .
There ’s also the very real possibility that you ’ll encounter a ravenous bear .
7 . When you eventually reach some dust - filled hamlet , you may consider yourself liberated at last .
It was a long journey , both literally and figuratively , but it was worth it .
You may want to stop at the only gas station in town and inquire on the availability of a job and a room to rent out back .
8 . If you ’re still hopelessly lost in the woods at this point , might as well make the best of it and become a mountain man .
It ’s better than being back home , and you know the food will be better .
Alien Abduction
1 . It ’s late at night .
2 . You ’re driving home .
3 . Call your wife and tell her you see a strange light in the sky .
4 . Hang up in the middle of the call .
5 . Leave the car on the side of the road .
6 . Hitch a ride somewhere .
7 . Anywhere .
WHY GOLD - BACKED CURRENCIES HELP PREVENT WARS
[ By ] Ferdinand Lips , of Lion Capital Group in Zurich , [ Switzerland ]
( Lecture by Ferdinand Lips delivered at Humanitarianism at the Crossroads Congress
in Feldkirch ( Austria ) , August 30 - September 1 , 2002 and translated from German ) .
================================================================
The context
I will start my talk with an allegation .
You have gathered here for a specific reason .
You have come because the gold standard was given up in 1914 at the beginning of World War I .
Looking at the program , I see that all of the topics with which we are going to deal are in some way related to that event .
World history proves that there is a close relationship between monetary systems and war and peace .
It is also evident that there is a close relationship between monetary systems and ethics and morals .
Unfortunately , it is not widely known that the 19th century was a period of prosperity and economic growth without inflation .
It strikes us like a fairytale when we discover that in those days the most important currencies were stable over a long period .
The French franc , for example , remained solid for one hundred years .
It was the era of the gold standard .
The Life Span of Currencies
French Franc 1814 - 1914 ...100 years
Dutch Guilder 1816 - 1914 ...98 years
Pound Sterling 1821 - 1914 ...93 years
Swiss Franc 1850 - 1936 ... 86 years
Belgian Franc 1832 - 1914 ... 82 years
Swedish Krona 1873 - 1931 ...58 years
German Mark 1875 - 1914 ...39 years
Italian Lira 1883 - 1914 ...31 years
( Pick 's Currency Yearbook 1977 - 1979 ) .
How the gold standard worked
The basic rule of the gold standard was a fixed amount of gold for each money , i.e. , each money was defined as a specific weight of gold .
Paper currencies were redeemable into gold at any time .
A nation ’s monetary reserves consisted of only gold .
On an international level , importing and exporting gold was unrestricted .
All balance of payments deficits were settled in gold .
( Balance of payments : the sum of all transactions between the homeland and other countries ) .
In this way , gold had a disciplining influence on a national economy .
It limited public spending .
It provided citizens with money that maintained , and even slightly increased , its purchasing power over time and was internationally recognized .
If a balance of payments deficit developed , gold automatically transferred out of the country .
As a consequence , prices began to decrease .
Exports became competitive again and the balance of payments reversed .
If a country had a balance of payments surplus , then gold entered the country and the economy was able to expand .
Upward revaluations or devaluations were unthinkable .
The system maintained its stability automatically .
This is one reason why politicians do not like gold .
Gold forces them to balance their budget .
The 19th century gold standard , the highest monetary achievement of the civilized world
The gold standard was neither conceived at a monetary conference , nor was it the brainchild of some genius .
It was the result of centuries of experience .
Great Britain was the architect .
At the height of the gold standard at the beginning of the 20th century there were about fifty nations , all of them leading industrial nations , which participated in the gold standard .
It was one big clearance community , and it worked .
In his book Wahrungen am Scheideweg ( Managed Money at the Crossroads -- The European Experience ) , Prof. Dr. M. Palyi wrote in 1960 : “ For the first time since Rome ’s prime did the civilized world succeed in creating a monetary unit .
The commercial and financial integration of the world was achieved without the help of a military empire or a dreamy utopia .
In theory and in reality , this monetary unit was accepted and recognized as the only rational currency system .
Due to the automatic mechanism and the discipline to which the monetary institutions were tied , fluctuations in the exchange rates were very limited if not altogether impossible .
This was the incalculable advantage of a gold currency .
Trade and industry were able to plan ahead .
Especially the automatic mechanism and the ‘ rules of decent behavior ’ in monetary affairs observed at the time , liberated the value of money from the impact of the governments ’ whims .
They substantially stabilized it on a worldwide basis .
Despite all assurances by the monetary reformers , no reasonably equivalent replacement has been found in the meantime . ”
Economist Ludwig von Mises wrote in his book Human Action : “ The gold standard was the world standard of the age of capitalism , increasing welfare , liberty , and democracy .
In the eyes of the free traders its main eminence was precisely the fact that it was an international standard as required by international trade and the transactions of the international money and capital market .
It was the medium of exchange by means of which Western industrialism and Western capital had borne Western civilization into the remotest parts of the earth ’s surface ... and creating riches unheard of before .
It accompanied the triumphal unprecedented progress of Western liberalism ready to unite all nations into a community of free nations peacefully cooperating with one another ...
The gold standard is certainly not a perfect or ideal standard .
There is no such thing as perfection in human things .
But nobody is in a position to tell us how something more satisfactory could be put in place of the gold standard . ”
The era of the gold standard during the 19th century was the golden age of the white man .
During this period , after Napoleon , there were only seven wars of any importance .
Post - Napoleonic Wars During the 19th Century
1855 Crimean War
1861 - 1865 American Civil War , abolition of slavery , Abraham Lincoln
1866 Prussian - Austrian War , North - German Union
1870 - 1871 German - French War
1877 - 1878 Russian - Turkish War , Congress of Berlin
1894 - 1895 War between Japan and China
1895 - 1898 Spanish - American War
1900 2nd Anglo - Boer War in South Africa
And furthermore :
There was no terrorism of the scope we know today .
Contention
My claim is that , had the gold standard been maintained , the warring nations would have had to observe the rules of the gold standard , and , therefore , World War I would have been over in a few months .
Because of the automated mechanism and the prevalent “ rules of decent behavior , ” financing the war on credit in a Keynesian style would not have been possible .
( Parenthetically , except for Karl Marx , Swiss historian Jacob Burckhardt describes Keynes as one of the great destructive forces in world history . )
Soon after the onset of World War I , the moment came when the world turned to monetary fraud .
Political pressure to finance the war with money created out of nothing made a sane monetary structure futile and led to the ruin of currencies -- and a war lasting four years .
The world lay in ruins and a young , hopeful generation was lost somewhere on the battlefields .
The collapse of the international monetary system provokes the demise of the old world order .
The result of World War I signified the fall of the Old World .
Reading Stefan Zweig 's book Die Welt von Gestern ( The World of Yesterday ) , you will be able to see what the world looked like then , and how cruel it is today .
As we are in Austria today , we should remember what the Austro - Hungarian Empire represented and denoted how orderly the situation in Western , Central and Eastern Europe was in those days .
One of the most senseless things to happen in world history was the breakup of the Austro - Hungarian Empire and everything that was connected to it .
Of course , there is no such thing as a perfect world , but cross the Hungarian border from the Burgenland and enter the next bigger city , and then you will know what I am talking about .
A few years of communist rule has laid the land in ruins .
Financing the war is what mainly ruined Germany , then the most thriving country .
The Reichsbank financed a large part of its war effort on a short - term basis , i.e. , not with long - term War Loans like the British .
This fact , in addition to the Versailles Treaty and unreasonable reparation payments , led to hyperinflation , destruction of the middle class and , finally , Hitler .
It set the stage for World War II .
The monetary tragedy of the 20th century
The return to the gold standard after World War I was a fait accompli .
But it lacked wisdom and power on the part of those in charge .
In 1922 , at the Conference of Genoa , the gold exchange standard was introduced .
Please note that it was not the gold standard that was reestablished , it was the gold exchange standard that was launched .
This meant that , apart from gold , national banks could also use dollars and pounds , i.e. , the currencies of the triumphant nations , as reserves .
Suddenly , dollars and pounds were equivalent to gold .
That was inflationary , because dollars and pounds were now accounted for twice : first , in the country where they were issued ; and , second , in the country that held them in reserve .
Furthermore , it should have been known that paper - ticket currencies were in no way immune to loss of purchasing power .
Therefore , they could not be permanent and generally valid yardsticks .
Gold always keeps its value - paper currencies do not .
Today , it is generally accepted that increased credit formation was the reason for the uncontrolled speculation in the real estate and stock markets during the 1920s .
Their collapse paved the way for the crisis of the 1930s .
The same thing can be said for the present stock market crisis .
It is also due to immense credit formation over the past twenty years and lack of monetary discipline provided by the gold standard .
Central banks , banks and the war
When the gold standard was abandoned , central banks were the last barrier to rampant money creation as long as they were able to maintain their independence .
However , in the meantime we have learned from bitter experience just how ineffective these so - called keepers of stability were .
An excellent example for this is the US Federal Reserve in 1913 .
This fateful institution was founded even before the war .
Since , the dollar has plummeted to about five percent of its former value .
Central bank independence was not what it was cut out to be .
Central banks became compliant pawns of governments and their constituent banks .
In today ’s non-system , it is precisely central banks that , in conjunction with banks , make financing of wars of adventure possible by means of unlimited credit formation .
There are no brakes anymore .
In his book Jenseits von Angebot und Nachfrage ( The Social Crisis of Our Time ) economist Wilhelm Ropke said : “ One can venture the claim that governments very rarely had complete control over their currency without abusing it . ”
In today ’s age of the welfare state , the probability of such an abuse is greater than ever before .
The tragic decisions of Bretton Woods in 1944
The world had not learned anything at all .
At the close of World War II , it was decided to introduce the gold / dollar standard .
A direct result was inflation in the 1970s .
Again , notice the subtlety .
After World War I , we went from the gold standard to the gold exchange standard with dollars and pounds .
After World War II , we proceeded to the gold / dollar standard .
The pound had lost its previous stature in the interim , and , next to gold , the dollar remained the only valid reserve currency and , then , only because the dollar was convertible by foreign central banks into gold on demand .
It was a sign of the increasing economic power of the US .
The structure created in Bretton Woods gave Americans the appalling monopoly to settle their debt with paper - ticket - token money they had printed .
Nobody could have resisted such temptation .
When this structure collapsed on August 15 , 1971 , we moved to a system of floating exchange rates .
That fully opened the floodgates for creation of money , credit , deficit spending and speculation .
Today 's international order is a consequence
In a speech on August 7 , 2002 , President George W. Bush said the following : “ There is no telling how many wars it will take to secure freedom in the homeland . ”
With this comment Mr. Bush announced that there might not only be a war against Iraq , but many wars around the globe .
He did not define when a war would be considered won or lost .
This means that these wars may continue indefinitely .
The consequences of these wars are very clear .
Trade and investment activities will suffer great damage in such an environment of insecurity .
I will now take a closer look at the question of how the US will be able to pay for these wars .
In principle , the US is bankrupt .
It has been like that since August 15 , 1971 .
That was the day America escalated its war against gold .
Not unlike a banana republic , the US defaulted on its sovereign obligation to redeem dollars for gold as agreed upon in the Bretton Woods system .
Theoretically , the US cannot be warring at all , i.e. , under the strict discipline of the gold standard it would not be possible .
Because of the nation ’s deficit , there would not be any money left to spend on an unproductive and destructive war .
The US ’s foreign debt is enormous .
Until the early 1980s , the US was a creditor nation .
Now it is a debtor nation , including a catastrophic balance of trade , which is running up an annual deficit of $ 450 billion .
And still the US is conducting wars , which it is paying for with paper - ticket - token money , which basically is the equivalent of counterfeit .
The Americans are creating this funny money themselves - and everybody has accepted it since 1971 .
Ever since then , and for the first time in history , the world has been living on a system of irredeemable paper - ticket - token money .
So we may note that if the world were on a gold standard , the US could not be conducting any wars .
Why ?
Because then they would have to pay for them in gold .
Gold , therefore , acts as a braking mechanism .
Putting on the brakes has a disciplining effect .
Who , then , actually pays for these wars ?
The answer is simple .
We all do , out of our savings and our promises of future payment , e.g. , our pensions !
It was no different for Kennedy ’s and Johnson ’s Vietnam War .
We were all footing the bill by eventual world inflation leading to rapid devaluation of our currencies .
The 20th century
Contrary to the 19th century , the 20th century was a century of inflation , hyperinflation , trade and currency wars , waves of speculation , military conflicts , two world wars , hundreds if not thousands of local wars , hundreds of millions dead , annihilation of entire nations , mass migrations , economic ruin , and , finally , the decline of civilization .
Why are there wars ?
Without a doubt , economic reasons weigh in as the most ponderous in any string of motivations for international conflict that ultimately lead to war .
They range from primeval struggles for hunting territories , pastures , salt mines and fertile valleys , to predatory attacks and conquests of the seafaring and trading nations , all the way to modern battles for living space , sales territories and , the most important motivation of all , access to natural resources .
Internal political problems also play a major part .
Often wars are started to divert attention from problems on the home front .
In the Middle East , both aspects are involved : the control over oil resources and the distraction from the disastrous condition of the US financial system .
Saddam Hussein is only a pretext .
These wars continue to contribute to the destruction of currencies ’ purchasing power .
While a gold coin from the times of Alexander the Great or Julius Caesar still shines as it did then , it is the fate of the purchasing power of paper - ticket - token currencies to revert to their cost of production , and that is nil .
The Germans can tell the US a thing or two about that .
A total loss after World War I , another total loss after World War II , and finally admission to the European currency system , the Euro .
All that happened within less than one hundred years .
Gold - as - money is a precondition for freedom
Not only is there a correlation between gold currencies and war , but also between gold currencies and freedom .
US Federal Reserve Board of Governors Chairman Alan Greenspan wrote a well - known essay “ Gold and Economic Freedom ” in 1966 attesting to this .
He recently confirmed that he believes this essay is applicable today .
Once we remember that one of the first official acts transacted by Lenin , Mussolini and Hitler ( and , by the way , also by Franklin D. Roosevelt ) was to forbid possession of gold , we recognize the context .
Even today the price of gold is manipulated and kept artificially low .
Wall Street bankers and their helpers have been at it for quite some time .
In the US a lawsuit was filed .
I cannot say more about this at the moment , but it should serve as an impulse to reflect on the present situation .
These manipulations are described in my recently published book “ The Gold Wars : The Battle Against Sound Money As Seen From A Swiss Perspective ” .
All we have today is paper - ticket - token money .
It is equivalent to counterfeit money .
It does not offer a citizen any security .
He can not save enough money .
If he does save , most of it is lost .
The situation is worst for recipients of wages and pensioners .
In the end he is forced into the arms of the ( welfare ) government , and he effectively loses his freedom .
Politicians will mostly resist the reinstallation of gold - as - money .
Ropke was right when he wrote in his book Internationale Ordnung - heute ( International Order and Economic Integration ) :
Conclusion
Today , when “ Humanity is at a Crossroad , ” as the topic of the conference characterizes the worldwide political situation , we want to address academic faculties .
We want to know what they can contribute to finding a way out of this and to prevent an unimaginable escalation of suffering .
As a banker , I implore you to put the gold standard back on the agenda .
The people understand it intuitively .
The gold standard would be my guild ’s aid to bridle the power frenzy of the mighty .
Paper - ticket - token or funny money is like a drug addiction .
It takes more and more of the drug to satisfy the addiction .
Collapse is the final result .
There is no indication today that this experiment with the equivalent of counterfeit money will end any better than earlier , similar experiments .
Due to the US ’s economic power , paper - ticket - token money has already lasted longer than one might expect .
Allow me to conclude with a quotation from a speech given in Washington D.C. in 1948 by Congressman Howard Buffett from Nebraska , father of the most successful investor of all times , Warren Buffett .
The address was entitled “ Human Freedom Rests on Gold Redeemable Money ” :
“ Our finances will never be brought into order until Congress is compelled to do so .
Making our money redeemable in gold will create this compulsion !
The paper money disease has been a pleasant habit thus far and will not be dropped voluntarily any more than a dope user will without a struggle give up narcotics .
But in each case the end of the road is not a desirable prospect !
I can find no evidence to support a hope that our fiat paper money venture will fare better ultimately than such experiments in other lands .
Because of our economic strength the paper money disease here may take many years to run its course !
But we can be approaching the critical stage .
When that day arrives our political leaders will probably find that foreign war and ruthless regimentation is the cunning alternative to domestic strife .
That was the way out for the paper - money economy of Hitler and others !
I warn you that politicians of both parties will oppose the restoration of gold !
Also those elements here and abroad who are getting rich from the continued American inflation will oppose a return to sound money !
But , unless you are willing to surrender your children and your country to galloping inflation , war and slavery , then this cause demands your support .
For if human liberty is to survive in America , we must win the battle to restore honest money !
There is no more important challenge facing the US than this issue - the restoration of your freedom to secure gold in exchange for the fruits of your labors . ”
“ Ladies and Gentlemen , these are the subtle relationships between freedom , money , intellect , war , peace and gold . ”
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
Ferdinand Lips , of Lion Capital Group in Zurich , Switzerland is the Author of GoldWars < http://www.fame.org/goldwars.htm >
Gold The Golden Rule Money
Forward to :
Five Technically Legal Signs for Your Library [ plus one ]
[ be cool and copy them if you want to show them on your site , do n't link directly to images , thanks ]
[ you are welcome to reproduce these for any purpose as long as you credit me or this page ]
[ thanks to Joel for this one , click for a high res pdf suitable for printing ]
[ on the assumption that it 's only illegal to say they 've been there if it 's true ... ]
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License .
Why Is Hillary Clinton Lying ?
Two weeks ago , I wrote a story that observed a disturbing trend in Hillary Clinton ’s campaign – her growing tendency to stretch the truth , twist what her chief rival was saying and then rely on her supporters to go on the offensive against you if you spoke up .
Bookmark
Digg Email
Printer friendly
These tendencies were troubling , in part , because they mirrored what had become so common during George W. Bush ’s years : to declare that a fantasy is the truth and then to attack the patriotism or sanity of anyone who thinks otherwise .
I wrote : “ Throughout history , it ’s been common for politicians to shade the truth when caught in a tight spot .
But sometimes politicians push the limits , crossing the line into an Orwellian world where up is down , where bullies are victims , where people objecting to the lies are shouted down . ”
The article cited a number of examples of Clinton turning reality inside out and repeating false attack lines against Barack Obama , such as claiming that he wanted to " bomb Pakistan " when he really advocated attacking al - Qaeda targets inside Pakistan if the government there refused to act .
[ See “ Clinton ’s Up - Is - Down World . ” ]
A week later , I cited a report in the Boston Globe about Clinton exaggerating her behind - the - scenes support for the State Children ’s Health Insurance Program – which was fashioned and passed by a bipartisan congressional effort led by Sen .
Ted Kennedy , D - Massachusetts , and Sen. Orrin Hatch , R - Utah .
I noted that Clinton had transformed her peripheral role into a central theme of her campaign .
“ In Clinton ’s narrative , she picked herself up from her failed health - care plan , learned some lessons , and then pushed through a slimmed - down measure ( S - CHIP ) that has produced important results for millions of American families , ” my story said .
[ See “ Clinton ’s Child - Health Hype . ” ]
Not surprisingly , these articles questioning Clinton 's truthfulness drew furious reactions from Clinton ’s supporters who seem on perpetual alert to any criticism of their candidate , so it can be repudiated as an example of “ sexism , ” “ Hillary bashing ” or membership in some “ Barack Obama cult . ”
The Clinton campaign seems to have concluded that the only way to react to negative comments is by going on the attack .
Some Clinton supporters have boasted of this strategy as the only way to beat the Republicans at their own game – even if the broadsides now are aimed at fellow Democrats and journalists who defended the Clintons when they faced unfair accusations in the 1990s .
But those two tendencies – stretching the truth and smacking around anyone who objects – have now led Sen .
Clinton into one of the most embarrassing moments of the campaign .
To pump up her mostly ceremonial role as First Lady into experience as a national - security crisis manager , Clinton began embellishing a 1996 trip to war - torn Bosnia that she claimed was too dangerous for her husband , then - President Bill Clinton , to undertake .
When this story became part of Sen.
Clinton ’s stump speech , one of people on the trip , the comedian Sinbad , disputed her account , claiming that the “ scariest ” part of the trip was deciding where to eat .
Yet , even with the veracity of her account in question , Clinton stretched the truth even further .
“ I remember landing under sniper fire , ” Clinton said in a major foreign policy speech at George Washington University on March 17 .
“ There was supposed to be some kind of greeting ceremony at the [ Tuzla ] airport , but instead we just ran with our heads down to get into vehicles to get to our base . ”
In a fact - checking article on March 22 , the Washington Post ’s Michael Dobbs concluded that “ Clinton 's tale of landing at Tuzla airport ‘ under sniper fire ’ and then running for cover is simply not credible .
Photographs and video of the arrival ceremony , combined with contemporaneous news reports , tell a very different story . ”
Dobbs awarded Clinton the maximum of “ four Pinocchios ” for telling a “ whopper . ”
Yet , instead of immediately retracting the false account and apologizing , the Clinton campaign went after Dobbs and the Post , trying to browbeat them into retreat on the story .
Lissa Muscatine , one of Clinton ’s speechwriters in 1996 who was on the trip , accused Dobbs of failing to provide a full picture of what took place .
“ We were told that a welcoming ceremony on the tarmac might be canceled because of sniper fire in the hills surrounding the air strip , ” she said .
Then , Gen. William Nash , who commanded U.S. troops in Bosnia , called in with a complaint that he had been misquoted when he said there was a lack of any “ security threat . ”
He now said there were some “ security concerns , ” though he admitted he knew of no “ sniper threat . ”
Dobbs and the Post stood by their fact - checking article and the “ four Pinocchios . ”
It was only after CBS News ran footage of Clinton walking calmly across the tarmac with daughter Chelsea and chatting with dignitaries and a young child that Clinton began to back down .
Finally , on March 24 , first the Clinton campaign and then the candidate retracted the false account , saying she “ misspoke ” but offering no explanation of why the error had occurred .
One possible reason for this extraordinary gaffe is that the Clinton campaign ’s combativeness has veered out of control .
So , when critics questioned how her First Lady experience prepared her for that 3 a.m. “ red phone ” crisis that she highlighted in a campaign ad , she and the campaign charged ahead .
They also may have felt they could get away with a gross exaggeration in part because they had beaten back earlier questions about her honesty .
In many ways , it appears that the Clinton campaign is replicating a typical hardball Republican campaign – or for that matter a Republican administration .
Instead of self - restraint and self - criticism , it ’s all about going on the attack , never admitting mistakes – and treating critics like enemies .
As the New York Times noted after Clinton ’s grudging admission about the bogus sniper story , “ the backpedaling was a rare instance of Mrs. Clinton ’s acknowledging an error . ” [ NYT , March 25 , 2008 ]
Who does that sound like ?
Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Neck Deep : The Disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush , was written with two of his sons , Sam and Nat , and can be ordered at neckdeepbook.com .
His two previous books , Secrecy & Privilege : The Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq and Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth ' are also available there .
Or go to Amazon.com .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
I ’ve been hearing some ads lately on sports talk for the Fly Clear program , which allows you to speed through airport security .
Seductive message , that – those security lines are a bitch , even now that the TSA has apparently concluded that I ’m not a terrorist .
It would damned sure be nice to be able to scoot through a special line and be on my way , especially when I ’m running late .
Of course , it ’s not an uncomplicated issue , is it ?
These days convenience comes at a price , and the price here is almost certainly even more loss of privacy .
So let ’s see – how does this work ?
Ah , here it is , in Step 2 :
A Clear attendant will verify two pieces of approved government - issued identification , capture images of your irises and fingerprints , and take your photograph .
They want my biometrics .
A retinal scan .
How very Minority Report .
Up until a few months ago I ’d never even been fingerprinted , but now the state of Colorado requires that everybody be printed when they get their driver ’s licenses .
I sat there and contemplated walking out – I tried to figure out how to end - run the system , but I could n’t come up with anything .
So now I ’m in the system , no doubt searchable by every official agency in the world .
I try not to be unduly paranoid , but I tend not to trust large organizations , governmental , corporate or otherwise .
Ink - stained fingers crossed , I guess .
But this really is n’t the worst of it , by far .
The fact is that this system not only asks us to trade privacy for convenience , it also opens the door to potential security breaches .
I ’m no expert on the subject , but Bruce Schneier damned sure is , and what he has to say is instructive .
Background checks are based on the dangerous myth that we can somehow pick terrorists out of a crowd if we could identify everyone .
Unfortunately , there isnâ€™t any terrorist profile that prescreening can uncover .
Timothy McVeigh could probably have gotten one of these cards .
So could have Eric Rudolph , the pipe bomber at the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta .
There isnâ€™t even a good list of known terrorists to check people against ; the government list used by the airlines has been the butt of jokes for years .
And have we forgotten how prevalent identity theft is these days ?
If you think having a criminal impersonating you to your bank is bad , wait until they start impersonating you to the Transportation Security Administration .
The truth is that whenever you create two paths through security — a high - security path and a low - security path — you have to assume that the bad guys will find a way to exploit the low - security path .
It may be counterintuitive , but we are all safer if the people chosen for more thorough screening are truly random and not based on an error - filled database or a cursory background check .
I think of Clear as a $ 100 service that tells terrorists if the F.B.I. is on to them or not .
Why in the world would we provide terrorists with this ability ?
Schneier argues that this program is half - smart , half - stupid , and that the program ’s added efficiency is a plus .
Clear cardholders are not scrutinized less when they go through checkpoints , theyâ€™re scrutinized more efficiently .
So why not get rid of the background checks altogether ?
We should all be able to walk into the airport , pay $ 10 , and use the Clear lanes when itâ€™s worth it to us .
He ’s apparently less paranoid about the biometrics than I am , and I ’ll take that to mean I ’m probably too paranoid .
Still , I ’m trying to be more conscious these days of when I ’m being asked to broaden my data shadow and why .
I suspect the most effective path to tyranny is chock full of conveniences and gracious amenities .
After three decades of explosive growth , the nation ’s prison population has reached some grim milestones :
More than 1 in 100 American adults are behind bars .
One in nine black men , ages 20 to 34 , are serving time , as are 1 in 36 adult Hispanic men .
Nationwide , the prison population hovers at almost 1.6 million , which surpasses all other countries for which there are reliable figures .
The 50 states last year spent about $ 44 billion in tax dollars on corrections , up from nearly $ 11 billion in 1987 .
Vermont , Connecticut , Delaware , Michigan and Oregon devote as much money or more to corrections as they do to higher education .
These statistics , contained in a new report from the Pew Center on the States , point to a terrible waste of money and lives .
They underscore the urgent challenge facing the federal government and cash - strapped states to reduce their overreliance on incarceration without sacrificing public safety .
The key , as some states are learning , is getting smarter about distinguishing between violent criminals and dangerous repeat offenders , who need a prison cell , and low - risk offenders , who can be handled with effective community supervision , electronic monitoring and mandatory drug treatment programs , combined in some cases with shorter sentences .
Persuading public officials to adopt a more rational , cost - effective approach to prison policy is a daunting prospect , however , not least because building and running jailhouses has become a major industry .
Late last month , we actually posed the question of buying a Blu-ray player now ( being that the format war is over and all ) , or waiting things out until prices sink and Profile 2.0 players flood the market .
Aside from the PlayStation 3 -- which is actually priced fairly reasonably if you were in the hunt for a new console anyway -- it seems as though HD DVD 's exit has actually caused Blu-ray player prices to creep back upwards .
Granted , this is about as far from surprising as it gets -- after all , it 's nothing short of supply and demand working its magic .
Still , it was n't too long ago that we saw Toshiba actively putting pressure on the Blu camp to reduce prices in order to stay competitive , and now that said pressure has vanished , stickers on the whole have headed north .
Ah well , it 's not like the consumer did n't ask for this , um , right
Green is a familiar voice to Radio 4 listeners
Green 's laughter
Hundreds of listeners have contacted BBC Radio 4 after newsreader Charlotte Green dissolved into giggles while reading a bulletin on Today .
She lost control after playing a clip of the oldest known recording of the human voice .
Presenter James Naughtie intervened as she struggled to tell listeners about the death of screenwriter Abby Mann .
" I 'm afraid I just lost it , I was completely ambushed by the giggles , " said Green .
She admitted a similar giggling fit besieged her about 10 years ago , also on the Today programme .
" I did feel slightly embarrassed , knowing I have this reputation that I am prone to getting the giggles , " she said .
" People have been very sweet and everyone has been coming up to me said how much it has cheered up their Friday morning . "
Today 's editor , Ceri Thomas , said most listeners who contacted the show had commented on " how much they had enjoyed the moment " .
He added : " When Charlotte loses it , she really loses it . "
Green 's hysterical outburst started after a studio member remarked that the 1860 recording of a woman singing the French song Au Clair de la Lune sounded like a " bee buzzing in a bottle " .
Later on in the programme Green 's fit of the giggles was repeated as presenter Ed Stourton remarked they had been besieged with calls begging them to play it again .
" Apparently the BBC press office is in meltdown with calls about it , " he said .
" We hope that the family of Abby Mann will understand that it obviously was n't intended as any slight towards him . "
While current browser share estimates for Apple 's Safari web browser hover somewhere in the 4.5 percent range , Safari is attracting some unwanted attention from PayPal , the eBay - owned payment company .
PayPal is urging its users to ditch Safari and instead use alternative browsers such as Internet Explorer 7 , IE 8 , Firefox 2 , Firefox 3 , or even Opera .
The reason for the warning is Safari 's lack of anti-phishing technology .
Currently the Apple browser does not alert users to sites that could be phishing for your info , and it lacks support for Extended Validation .
PayPal is , of course , a popular site among phishers in their neverending search for personal information , user IDs , and passwords .
While it 's not entirely fair singling out Safari ( other Mac browsers like Camino also also lack this support ) , it is perhaps at least a helpful reminder of the threat .
Embarrassingly enough , ( what do n't I keep from you folks ? )
I have fallen for a PayPal - related phishing scam .
It was early in the morning and I realized my error as soon as I hit enter ; nonetheless , there was the possibility that the phishers got my login information .
At least I was lucky enough to realize I screwed up and was able to change my login information on that , and other sites , right away .
I use Camino as my full - time browser , so Safari did n't fail me , but it would have .
As annoying as I sometimes find the antiphishing features at work where I use a PC , the small annoyance would have saved me an even larger one in the end .
therawstory.com
Injuries , arrests as thousands protest against Bush in Sydney
Two policemen were injured and three protesters arrested as thousands marched under tight security through Sydney on Saturday in a protest against visiting US President George W. Bush and the Iraq war .
Police had warned that the march could turn into a riot , but the protest by more than 5,000 people was mostly peaceful during the curtailed walk from Town Hall to the city ’s Hyde Park , after a longer route through the city was banned .
“ Two police officers have been injured and one of them will treated in hospital for his injuries , ” a police spokeswoman told AFP .
“ We have three people arrested . ”
The organisers estimated that 10,000 people took part but police put the number at 5,000 .
The march was organised by a group called the Stop Bush Coalition , but some demonstrators also expressed their concerns over a range of other issues , including climate change .
As the protesters marched , Bush and 20 other world leaders gathered at Sydney ’s iconic Opera House on the harbour , some 20 minutes walk away , for the this year ’s Asia - Pacific Economic Cooperation ( APEC ) summit .
The leaders , including Australian Prime Minister John Howard , who is a close Bush ally , Russian President Vladimir Putin and Chinese President Hu Jintao , did not catch even a glimpse of the protesters .
The heads of government were protected by a five - kilometre ( three - mile ) long , three - metre high fence snaking through the city and 5,000 police and soldiers patrolling on land , sea and in the air .
The security operation , the largest ever mounted in Australia , included overflights by air force jets , police on jet skis in Sydney ’s famous harbour and special laws aimed at cracking down on protesters near the summit .
The protest was colourful , with people beating drums and blowing whistles while others were dressed as polar bears , kangaroos or Britain ’s Queen Elizabeth II .
As they set off , they chanted : “ Howard , Bush , USA , how many kids did you kill today ? ”
“ George Bush is a great evil — he should get out of this country , ” said one of the protesters , former Guantanamo Bay detainee Mamdouh Habib , who was released without charge in 2005 .
Deanna Adam , who attended the protest with her two children , India aged seven and Kyle , eight , told AFP : “ We are here because we oppose the war in Iraq .
It ’s costing too many lives .
I have children and I am worried about their future . ”
A large banner carried by a group of marchers read : “ War criminals not welcome here — Bush go home ” .
Half way through route the marchers staged a sit - down protest for about 20 minutes against the police ban on the longer route .
Police had blocked off roads with barricades of converted buses , which could also be used as holding cells for arrested demonstrators .
Senior officers had said they feared a repeat of violent demonstrations seen in Melbourne during the World Economic Forum in 2000 and at last November ’s G20 economic leaders meeting .
“ Police lines will come under attack and a full - scale riot is probable , ” Chief Superintendent Steven Cullen , the head of the state Public Order and Riot Squad , said this week .
Cullen was speaking at a court action in which police successfully applied for an order that effectively allowed the protesters to march for only two city blocks .
Andrew Viterbi was recently named as a finalist for the 2008 Millennium Technology Prize " for the invention of the Viterbi algorithm , the key building element in modern wireless and digital communications systems , touching the lives of people everywhere . "
Viterbi was introduced to communication systems when the was hired by the California Institute of Technology 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory ( then a center for communications and satellite control systems , soon part of a new National Aeronautics and Space Administration ) .
At the Jet Propulsion Laboratory ( JPL ) , Viterbi specialized in communications technology on a team that designed the telemetry equipment for the first successful U.S. satellite , Explorer 1 .
The challenge was to develop methods for processing and transmitting information packets from space as accurately and quickly as possible .
They confronted two challenges : the satellite 's signal was very weak because of the long journey of the signal and a low power transmitter , and the frequency changes created by rapid orbits .
Viterbi continued his studies at the University of Southern California while working at JPL and completed his Ph.D. dissertation on the error - correcting codes .
He continued in the academic world , at UCLA 's School of Engineering and Applied Science , teaching digital communications and information theory .
This time in the late 1960s led to his famous invention , the Viterbi algorithm , and was the period during which he wrote his most important papers on communication theory .
Leading Up to the Viterbi Algorithm
Teaching signal processing was difficult due to the complicated nature of the algorithms used , so Viterbi formulated a more simple way to explain the processing techniques .
After realizing the importance of this algorithm , he submitted an article to the IEEE Transactions on Information Theory : Error bounds for convolutional codes and an asymptotically optimum decoding algorithm .
The paper was published in 1967 but the algorithm was considered not much more than elegant theoretical work until computing technology became powerful enough to handle the massive calculations needed to apply the work .
Thus the Viterbi algorithm did n't find widespread application until the move to digital and wireless communications .
At that time nobody could imagine a general application for the algorithm , so Viterbi followed his lawyer 's advice and did not patent it .
Instead he founded a company , Linkabit Corporation , with Irwin Jacobs and Leonard Kleinrock , in 1968 .
The company was a small military contractor for developing satellite communication technology , but it expanded later to the civil sector when mobile satellite telecommunication became feasible .
As the size of the mobile telecommunication technology shrunk and the performance increased in big leaps , Viterbi was surfing the next telecomm wave with a new company , Qualcomm .
He left Linkabit with his colleagues in 1985 and founded Qualcomm to produce the OmniTRACS satellite locating service used by long - haul trucking companies , and specialized integrated circuits for digital radio communications such as the Viterbi decoder .
Today Qualcomm is better known as the mobile phone technology company that aggressively promoted Viterbi 's code division multiple access ( CDMA ) technology .
Its European competitor , GSM , became more popular , but the new 3G ( UMTS ) mobile communications networks in use today incorporate CDMA technology ( also known as WCDMA ) .
Whatever the system , the Viterbi algorithm is at work on every cellular phone in use today .
While working at Qualcomm , Dr. Viterbi continued lecturing at the University of California , San Diego .
In 1994 , he became a UCSD professor emeritus .
He left Qualcomm , where he was vice chairman and chief technology officer , in 2000 , and three years later founded his own venture capital company , the Viterbi Group LLC , which advises and invests in early stage companies , predominantly in wireless communications , network infrastructure and imaging .
In 2000 he was ranked 386th on the Forbes 400 list of the richest Americans , with an estimated worth of $ 640 million .
In 2002 Boston Latin School , Viterbi 's childhood school , built and equipped a new computer center with funds donated by Dr. Viterbi and in March 2004 , the University of Southern California School of Engineering was renamed the Viterbi School of Engineering , in his honour , following his $ 52 million donation to the school .
When Dr Viterbi retired from Qualcomm in 2000 at the age of 65 , he did not retire from active work ; far from it .
He served from 1997 until 2001 on the U.S. President 's Information Technology Advisory Committee and , since 1983 , has been active on the MIT Visiting Committee for Electrical Engineering and Computer Science .
He is a member of the USC School of Engineering Board of Councilors , a member of the board of the Burnham Institute and the Scripps Cancer Center in La Jolla , a trustee of the Mathematical Sciences Research Institute in Berkeley and a member of the University of California 's President 's Council for the National Laboratories .
The Viterbi Algorithm : Details
Viterbi's innovation is the Viterbi algorithm , the mathematical formula that enables clear and practically error - free radio communication over long distances , from moving low power transmitters and receivers .
Considering all possible error sources in radio transmission , it is a wonder that communication succeeds .
Whether a radio transmitter is in a spacecraft , mobile phone , missile or truck , there are some basic transmission challenges .
Firstly , tracking a moving transmitter can be tricky , because of a phenomenon called Doppler shift .
When a transmitter is approaching , carrier frequency increases , just like the sound of the whistle from an approaching train is higher than from a standing train .
When the transmitter is moving away , the frequency of the carrier frequency reduces -- again , just like the sound of the train 's whistle is lower after passing the observer .
If the movement is not constant , tracking the shift in the carrier signal frequency can be tricky , if not impossible .
The second problem is finding the signal from the noise if the signal is sent from far away ( like from a spacecraft ) or from a low power transmitter ( like a cell phone ) .
On any mobile phone network , thousands of phones are sharing the same wavelengths , making reliable data transfer between the individual phone and network very challenging .
The Viterbi algorithm was an elegant solution that solved both problems by redundancy and coding ; it is essentially just a fast way of eliminating dead ends in the communication .
The principle is simple , but the algorithm itself requires considerable computing power .
Each bit in the digital information -- 0 or 1 -- has to be represented by four , eight , or more code symbols .
So , additional " redundant " information is added at the transmitter , in a process called error correction coding .
The result coming into a receiver is a pulsing , miscellaneous stream of bits , ones and zeros .
The received signal is not a clear chain of zeros and ones but is code symbols from which the actual information bits can be reconstructed .
Some individual bits can be dropped or distorted , because with the code symbols the missing bits can be guessed with high confidence .
There are four states of " guess " : very sure , moderately sure , sort of sure and barely sure .
The decoder in the receiver evaluates the certainty by comparing the result with neighboring bits and makes the best possible guess .
The result is a clear , practically - undamaged message .
The key is in a time series of incoming information , with each set of bits tagged in order of arrival .
The algorithm makes it possible to spread a carrier frequency over a wide area of the electromagnetic spectrum .
Thousands of low emitting power transmitters can operate in same band range at the same time in small areas without interfering with each other , because their carrier frequencies are coded with different patterns .
This principle was first used in military communications and is now the basis of the code division multiple access ( CDMA ) and UMTS digital cellular communications .
At the time that Dr. Viterbi published his algorithm , computers were not powerful enough to make all calculations required for decoding in real time , but with the growth in computing power , the Viterbi algorithm revolutionized the telecommunications environment by providing a useful tool for error - free communications .
Many methods for error coding and frequency shift elimination were proposed before Viterbi 's work .
One of the most powerful algebraic error correction codes was invented by Irving Reed and Gus Solomon from USC in 1960 .
The code was named after them as " RS codes " .
It was mathematically elegant , but extremely complex and too tricky for everyday use .
In the 1990s , RS codes became the standard error correction method on compact discs , fax machines , and numerous other uses .
After Dr. Viterbi proposed his famous algorithm Andreas Polydoros made significant contributions to the decoding of cell phone - like signals using Viterbi 's methods .
His contribution offered a better way to trace the frequencies of incoming signals and to synchronize them , and he was also able to identify and locate signal groups in marginal reception conditions .
Conclusion
Today the Viterbi algorithm is used in billions of cell phones , magnetic recording , most satellite TV receivers , a variety of cable TV systems , voice recognition , and even DNA sequence analysis .
The Transfer Control Protocol and the Internet Protocol ( TCP / IP ) , Wi-Fi and Bluetooth are another uses of the Viterbi algorithm and methods based on it .
In short , Viterbi 's algorithm is enabling today 's exploding wireless world .
[ mp3 | TagOpen " a " atts , ( " href " , mp3 ) , takeExtension mp3 == " .mp3 " ]
import System .
FilePath
import System .
Environment
import Text .HTML.TagSoup
main = do
[ src ] txt mapM_ putStrLn [ mp3 | TagOpen " a " atts , ( " href " , mp3 ) , takeExtension mp3 == " .mp3 " ]
I just read a blog article entitled Kid's play with HTML in Haskell , where the author extracts some information from an HTML document , using the Haskell XML Toolbox .
I have an alternative XML / HTML library , TagSoup , so I decided to implement their problem with my library .
Given an HTML file , extract all hyperlinks to mp3 files .
The code is a list comprehension .
The first line says use TagSoup to parse the text , and pick all " a " links .
The second line says pick all " href " attributes from the tag you matched .
The final line uses the FilePath library to check the extension is mp3 .
The above fragment is all the TagSoup logic , but to match exact the interface to the original code , we can wrap it up as so :
If you have a desire to quickly get a bit of information out of some XML / HTML page , TagSoup may be the answer .
It is n't intended to be a complete HTML framework , but it does nicely optimise fairly common patterns of use .
For the most part , it was like any other sales meeting .
Robert sat in a dark conference room with the potential client 's CTO , COO and a few other managers .
A projector lit up the whiteboard with PowerPoint slides and screenshots from their in - house billing system .
Janice , the CTO , went over the automated billing application and related processes so that Robert , an IT consultant , and his team could develop a proposal for maintaining it .
One thing seemed off , however .
Janice spoke in absolutes , " When you start the contract ... "
At first , Robert figured he was just that good in his pitch , and that she had already made a decision .
But as Janice presented the Web application and its history , Robert realized it was something else .
She was trying to sell him on taking the contract .
The Beginning of the End
The billing system started like so many other application disasters .
In 2001 , the company wanted to automate its billing process .
After an extensive search of IT vendors , it decided to take the familiar route .
The company asked employees if they " knew someone who could do the project " and hired the receptionist 's second - cousin 's father - in - law .
He had apparently worked as a mainframe operator , kept a Pentium 133 in the basement running Windows 95 and had recently read a book about VB .
Two years and a few hundred thousand dollars later , the Web - based , automated billing system was finally deployed .
It worked for a full three months before completely grinding to a halt .
The father - in - law twice removed , now programmer , who was still onsite doing training , rushed in to save the day by working non-stop for a week to deploy a new version of the application and database .
As the months passed and the monthly programming expenses remained incredibly high , the CTO wondered when they would be able to move into the " support " phase of the project .
The programmer responded by saying that he had been billing them the " support rate " all along , but that he could cut them a deal if they signed a two - year contract with a $ 10,000 / month - retainer .
While the company considered the offer , the system ground to a halt once again .
Suspiciously , it was almost exactly a year since the previous system - wide collapse .
Once again , the programmer worked non-stop for several days and completely redeployed the software and database to correct the problem .
He pointed out that this was exactly why they needed a maintenance contract .
And that was why Robert was sitting in their conference room , learning about the application .
Web of Deceit
Without any further ado , Janice launched Internet Explorer to show Robert how the Web application worked .
It presented a login screen that looked suspiciously like the Windows 2000 login prompt .
As she typed in a name and password , Robert realized that it was Windows 2000 .
The " Web " application worked by loading the Microsoft Remote Desktop ActiveX component in the browser and having the user run a desktop application on a remote computer .
Janice did n't quite realize this , and did n't seem too happy when Robert mentioned that they'd have to buy Terminal Server CALs for each user of their " Web " application .
The UI was impressively outrageous .
There were 20 different tabs , each with randomly placed controls , and a shared " working area " that contained even more controls .
Users had to be careful not to accidentally " clear " the working area by inadvertently launching another action .
Janice mentioned that the " Web " application protected itself from concurrent access by allowing only a single user at a time .
They had to implement this feature after simultaneous users would " stomp " over one another 's data .
Though easy to fix through CreateMutex ( ) , Robert was amazed at all the code the programmer must have used to create this feature .
Years of Living Dangerously
Another feature of the application was the two buttons labeled " 2005 " and " 2006 " above the tab strip .
Janice mentioned that this represented the " billing year , " and needed to be set properly or the system would not generate properly .
Prior to the last emergency fixes , the buttons were labeled " 2004 " and " 2005 . "
Next stop on the application tour was the database .
It was an Access database that sat on the same Windows 2000 server .
And just like the app , the database used just about every design anti-pattern imaginable .
Tables consisted primarily of TEXT ( 50 ) columns and no relationships were set up .
Following suit with the " 2005 " and " 2006 " buttons from the application , there were tables named " 2005 Data " and " 2006 Data . "
There was also " 2003 Data " and " 2004 Data . "
With only a few months before the new year , Robert asked what they were going to do in 2007 .
Janice , jaded and flustered , responded : " I think I 'm going to be sick . "
In the end , Robert 's company declined the maintenance contract at any price point .
Although they offered to assist in rewriting the system from scratch as a proper Web application with a real maintenance lifespan , the potential client declined .
It eventually found some poor chump to maintain it .
I Think I'm Going To Be Sick was originally published in Alex 's DevDisasters column in the February 1 , 2008 issue of Redmond Developer News .
RDN is a free magazine for influential readers and provides insight into Microsoft 's plans and news on the latest happenings and products in the Windows development marketplace .
A word from the DG :
The home straight
On 14 July 1989 , the first beam was injected into CERN ’s new flagship particle accelerator , LEP , with first collisions coming one month later .
Could history be about to repeat itself ?
As I write this , Sector 5 - 6 of the LHC has been cooled down , and the sectors between point 1 and point 7 are cooling .
Up to now , two sectors have been cooled and warmed up again , but for all the others , the cool - down is definitive .
The cool - down schedule , which I am confident we can keep , foresees the entire LHC being cold by the middle of June , allowing the first beams to be injected soon after .
First collisions will follow two months later .
During the commissioning of Sector 4 - 5 earlier this year , three dipoles quenched below 9.5 kA , despite having previously been tested to the nominal LHC operating current of 12kA .
It seems that some re-training of some of the magnets will be necessary , which will take a few more weeks .
After agreement with all the experiments and having informed the Council at the March session , it was decided to push for collisions at an energy of 10 TeV this year , as quickly as possible , with full commissioning to 14 TeV to follow over the winter shutdown .
Commissioning to 10 TeV should be fast , no quench being anticipated , giving us confidence that the experiments will be recording data at record high energies by the summer .
In 1989 , it was only a matter of weeks before LEP produced its first profound result – a measurement of the number of light neutrino families .
In this respect at least , history will not be repeating itself .
The LHC is a discovery machine , and the discoveries it is chasing will require a little more patience .
Robert Aymar
It 's springtime in American politics .
It 's only early March , but there 's a giddy , hopeful feeling to this election season , a sense that new leadership is blossoming .
We could have a Democrat in the White House next year .
But winter is n't over yet and we need to balance our hope with a little fear .
In 2000 Bush and Cheney stole the election in Florida .
In 2004 they played dirty tricks in Ohio .
In 2008 could they go one step further -- and suspend the election altogether ?
The necessary architecture may already be in place .
On May 4 last year , the White House issued the National Security and Homeland Security Presidential Directive , key parts of which remain classified and hence shrouded from public view .
The directive outlines procedures to respond to a " catastrophic emergency , " defined broadly as " any incident , regardless of location , that results in extraordinary levels of mass casualties , damage , or disruption severely affecting the U.S. population , infrastructure , environment , economy , or government functions . "
Of course previous administrations also had emergency plans .
But the Bush directive transfers power from the Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) to the White House , where the Assistant to the President for Homeland Security and Counterterrorism is assigned the job of " National Continuity Coordinator " .
The unclassified part of the directive reveals little about who would have the authority to invoke emergency powers during a catastrophe .
Nor does it refer to existing laws , such as the National Emergencies Act , that establish congressional checks on the executive 's power to impose martial law or other extraordinary measures .
Its wording is ambiguous - the directive shall be implemented " consistent with applicable law , " without making clear which laws are " applicable " .
" The Bush legal team has pushed a controversial theory that the Constitution gives the president an unwritten power to disobey laws at his own discretion to protect national security , " writes Charlie Savage in the Boston Globe .
He quotes legal specialists who describe the vagueness of the new directive as " troubling " .
Also troubling is the Department of Homeland Security 's $ 385 million contract awarded to Halliburton subsidiary Kellogg , Brown and Root in January 2006 to build temporary detention facilities .
According to a Halliburton press release , the contract provides for augmenting existing immigration detention facilities in the event of " an emergency influx of immigrants into the U.S. , or to support the rapid development of new programs . "
It also includes the development of a plan " to react to a national emergency , such as a national disaster . "
Construction would commence only after an " emergency " is declared .
While immigrants appear to be the main target , one cannot rule out the possibility that the detention centers could be used as holding pens for dissidents during a proclaimed emergency .
Recent crackdowns on illegal immigrants have included military - style night raids on homes and factories .
Are we getting softened up for the expansion of police state tactics ?
But perhaps the most important card the Bush administration holds in its deck is a stacked conservative majority on the Supreme Court .
In 2000 the Court turned a blind eye to the theft of Al Gore 's electoral victory in Florida .
Should we expect better today ?
Just last month the Court refused to review the ACLU 's legal challenge to the Bush administration 's warrantless electronic surveillance program .
Can we depend on the Court to challenge emergency rule and a suspension of elections ?
Even with this architecture in place , the Bush administration would need a trigger to declare a state of emergency .
One can imagine several possible scenarios :
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
War with Iran - unfortunately , not so far - fetched .
The National Intelligence Estimate released in December concluded that Iran halted its nuclear weapons program back in 2003 .
But when have Bush and Cheney ever based their foreign policy decisions on evidence ?
Moreover , the most important reason they want to attack Iran is to control the flow of oil through the Persian Gulf , nukes or no nukes .
The assassination of a presidential candidate .
Obama evokes memories of JFK and Martin Luther King .
The bullet could come from a lone racist , a terrorist , or an agent of a state .
The threat is real .
The Secret Service knows it and so should we .
A terrorist strike , on the scale of 9/11 or worse .
Again , not so far - fetched .
Bush and Cheney have been Osama bin Laden 's greatest recruiters , making the U.S. appear to be the enemy of millions across the world .
Al Qaeda may consider that regime change in the U.S. is not in their interest .
With the right spin , any of these events might be construed as a " catastrophic emergency . "
These worst - case scenarios probably will not come to pass .
We 'll probably all be able to sleep peacefully in our beds in the early hours of November 5 , after watching the election results on TV .
The value of worst - case scenarios lies not in their accurate prediction of events , but rather in what they tell us about the risks we face .
We should n't let hope make us naíve .
We need to be alert , our vision razor - sharp .
The price of liberty is eternal vigilance .
It could be the price of elections , too .
Let 's not count our spring flowers before they bloom .
Earlier this afternoon , Oregon AFSCME voted to endorse Barack Obama for President .
Previously , the national AFSCME organization had endorsed Hillary Clinton .
Oregon AFSCME becomes the only state organization in the country - other than Illinois AFSCME , in Obama 's home state - to break ranks with the national .
Oregon AFSCME 's executive director , Ken Allen , described the vote as " overwhelming . "
From their statement :
Several members of the Oregon AFSCME Executive Board explained their support for Obama .
" I think he 's a uniter , not a divider , " said Becky Steward , President of AFSCME Local 88 , which represents Multnomah County employees .
" I believe his record better reflects how my members feel in Multnomah County . "
" I believe Obama has a proven track record of fighting for our members , " said Jack Tucker , President of AFSCME Local 2067 , which represents City of Salem workers .
" I also believe Obama has a much better chance of winning in November against John McCain . "
Dal Ollek , President of AFSCME Local 1724 that represents City of Eugene employees , said Obama brings a message of change .
" We need more collaboration at the national level , " said Ollek .
" I believe this vote in support of Obama represents the best choice for the American people . "
Oregon AFSCME also notes that they 've joined a number of other Oregon labor unions in supporting Obama .
With the Obama endorsement , Oregon AFSCME joins the other biggest unions in Oregon supporting Obama in the Oregon primary , including the Oregon Education Association , the Teamsters , Service Employees International Union , the United Food and Commercial Workers and others .
Allen said AFSCME plans to mail to its members and participate in other get - out - the - vote activities both for Obama and for Jeff Merkley for U.S. Senate .
In January , Oregon 's Ken Allen joined six other state AFSCME leaders in strongly condemning the national 's independently - funded anti-Obama attack ads .
Discuss .
in the news
Behind the perfumer ’s palette is the history of synthetic organic chemistry .
FLOC’H
For years , ever since I started taking an interest in wine , I ’ve been annoyed by the word “ grainy . ”
It ’s a word that mavens use in relation to red wines , and refers to certain types of tannin — the chemical that cures leather , is present in tea , and makes the mouth pucker .
Tannin is a preservative and an important factor in the way wines age .
Still , how could a liquid be “ grainy ” ?
Then , a few nights ago , I opened a bottle of wine I ’d been given , a Languedoc red called Le Pigeonnier , from the European heat - wave year of 2003 , and , without concentrating very hard , took a sip , noticed something odd about the mouthfeel of the wine , and suddenly realized — bam ! — that it was grainy .
I ’d found the famous grainy tannins , and the term actually made sense , because the wine definitely had a particulate , almost sandlike texture , not unpleasant , but distinctive .
What ’s more , in tasting it I realized that I ’d encountered versions of it — milder , more restrained versions — before .
Now I knew what grainy tannins were .
Most taste experiences work like that .
A taste or a smell can pass you by , unremarked or nearly so , in large part because you do n’t have a word for it ; then you see the thing and grasp the meaning of a word at the same time , and both your palate and your vocabulary have expanded .
One day , you catch the smell of gooseberries from a Sauvignon Blanc , or red currants from a Cabernet , or bubble gum from a Gamay , or horse manure from a Shiraz , and from that point on you know exactly what people mean when they say they detect these things .
The smell of a “ corked ” bottle of wine , for instance , is something that , once it has been pointed out to you , you never forget .
The idea that your palate and your vocabulary expand simultaneously might sound felicitous , but there is a catch .
The words and the references are really useful only to people who have had the same experiences and use the same vocabulary : those references are to a shared basis of sensory experience and a shared language .
To people who have n’t had those shared experiences , this way of talking can seem like horse manure , and not in a good way .
Consider product A , in which
layers of cedar and raspberry strike a sharp upfront note , while clove and creamy notes add body while contributing an exotic , sumptuous character that conveys luxury in its essence .
Might there also be a trace of rubber , though ?
And then there ’s B , with
its aroma of underripe bananas , and the way the fruitiness opens up on my tongue with a flick of bitterness that quickly fades to reveal lush , grassy tones .
Product C , on the other hand , is
fruity ( with a high - profile role for the deliciously garbagey , overripe smell of guava ) plus floral ( powdery rosy ) plus green ( neroli and oakmoss ) .
These are descriptions of , respectively , a chocolate , an olive oil , and a perfume , but you could n’t possibly guess that .
I ’ve never caught traces of red fruit in a dark chocolate , I do n’t even know what neroli is , and , as for underripe bananas in olive oil , I ’m more likely to catch the Sundance Kid in Bolivia .
That does n’t mean that the people who can taste these things are bluffing ; rather , they have a vocabulary of specific sense references that I have n’t acquired .
( To complicate matters , sometimes these people actually are bluffing . )
There is a loss involved in learning about taste : as you gain a more detailed and precise vocabulary , you risk talking to fewer and fewer people — the people who know what these taste references mean .
As your vocabulary becomes more specific , more useful , it also becomes less inclusive .
For that reason , imaginative writers tend to flee as far as possible from the too - specific nomenclatures of the expert and toward pure evocations of sensation .
It is possible to feel envious of people who wrote about wine before the tyranny of expert descriptors .
The classic text in this respect is the scene in “ Brideshead Revisited ” where the narrator , Charles Ryder , and his friend Sebastian Flyte make a serious run on the bottles in the latter ’s ancestral cellar , getting comprehensively blitzed and making tasting notes :
“ It is a little , shy wine like a gazelle . ” “ Like a leprechaun . ” “ Dappled , in a tapestry meadow . ”
“ Like a flute by still water . ” “. . .
And this is a wise old wine . ”
“ A prophet in a cave . ” “. . .
And this is a necklace of pearls on a white neck . ”
“ Like a swan . ” “ Like the last unicorn . ”
Here the unlikeliness is part of the fun .
Paradoxically , the more deliberately over - the - top taste descriptions are , the more they can appeal to a general , untrained reader .
Prose that is rich in similes and wild comparisons is making an effort to reach out .
This is the sort of game that anyone can play — a wine can remind you of your first kiss , or of the smell of a new car , even if you do n’t know the difference between volatile phenolics and malolactic conversion .
In a seminal study of the subject , “ Wines : Their Sensory Evaluation ” ( 1976 ) , Maynard A. Amerine and Edward B. Roessler called this the “ Romantic ” tradition in wine writing .
They were against it .
Both men were professors at the University of California at Davis , an important center for the study of wine , and they wanted to put some scientific backbone into the business of tasting — or , as they preferred to call it , “ sensory evaluation , ” since all the senses were involved .
( One of their senses is pain : “ It is rare for a wine to be so acid as to give genuine pain .
. . . ” )
They sought to bring methodological rigor to what might have seemed an inherently subjective enterprise ( “ In a paired - sample preference test with 64 trials , how many agreeing judgments are required for significance at the 5 % level ? ” ) , and the underlying plea for a rational scoring system to evaluate wines , combined with a pragmatic , debunking attitude toward fancy wine vocabulary , had a big effect .
The two men had no use for taste words such as “ flinty ” —
“ We confess that this flavor ( odor ? ) has never come our way ” — or “ musty ” : “ Avoid it unless you know what it means .
We do n’t . ”
What they believed in was tasting wines and evaluating them according to verifiable , quantifiable criteria .
The Terror Presidency : Law and Judgment Inside the Bush Administration
Jack Goldsmith
Norton , 2007
256 pp .
The problem with hiring competent , principled attorneys is they do n’t always tell you what you want to hear .
That made Jack Goldsmith , briefly the assistant attorney general in charge of the Office of Legal Counsel , an inconvenient Bush administration appointee .
His tale of bureaucratic and legal infighting is simultaneously interesting and important .
Goldsmith ’s appointment grew out of a disagreement between Attorney General John Ashcroft and White House Counsel Alberto Gonzales .
They often clashed : Gonzales usually won , even though he was usually wrong .
Explains Goldsmith , Gonzales “ defeated Ashcroft ’s effort to take a hard - line stance against affirmative action before the Supreme Court ; he led the creation of military commissions , which Ashcroft never liked ; and he put the brakes on Ashcroft ’s attempt to implement an aggressive interpretation of gun rights under the Second Amendment . ”
They also battled over the FISA program , in which the attorney general turned out to be a defender of civil liberties .
The OLC position became another battle .
The White House wanted John Yoo , an OLC deputy , to head the office , which assesses the legality of presidential actions .
Yoo authored many of the early opinions on torture and enemy combatants and was a strong advocate of the unitary executive  the view that , to paraphrase French King Louis XIV , the president is the state .
Technically on Ashcroft ’s staff , Yoo “ took his instructions mainly from Gonzales , and he sometimes gave Gonzales opinions and verbal advice without fully running matters by the attorney general , ” writes Goldsmith .
So Ashcroft said no to Yoo .
Goldsmith , special counsel to the general counsel at the Defense Department , became the compromise choice .
Goldsmith was no shrinking violet when it came to presidential power .
But Goldsmith soon discovered the downside of not believing President Bush to be the reincarnation of the famed Sun King .
His White House interlocutors failed to ask the right questions .
Goldsmith writes :
" We did not , however , talk about things I did n’t know about at the time , such as the National Security Agency ’s Terrorist Surveillance Program , or what President Bush would later describe as the CIA ’s ‘ tough ’ interrogation regime .
Nor did we talk about my disagreements with administration policy  disagreements that [ his Pentagon boss , Jim ]
Haynes knew about but apparently did not convey to the White House .
While I believed the government could detain enemy combatants , I thought it needed more elaborate procedures for identifying and detaining them , and had been working on this issue since I arrived at the Pentagon .
I had long argued to Haynes that the administration should embrace rather than resist judicial review of its wartime legal policy decisions .
I could not understand why the administration failed to work with a Congress controlled by its own party to put all of its anti-terrorism policies on a sounder legal footing . "
President Bill Clinton also made expansive claims of executive power , observes Goldsmith .
However , this administration has pushed much further .
The terrorist attacks of 9/11 triggered a demand for ever more expansive authority without accountability , and the OLC was expected to provide the necessary legal justification .
While it is widely thought that administration advocates of an all - powerful presidency do n’t care about the Constitution , Goldsmith disagrees .
Both David Addington “ and his boss Cheney seemed to care passionately about the Constitution as they understood it .
That is why they fought so hard to return the presidency to what they viewed as its rightful constitutional place . ”
He rejects the charge that they manipulated 9/11 to advance their preexisting agenda , but acknowledges that “ their unusual conception of presidential prerogative influenced everything they did to meet the post - 9/11 threat . ”
The problem of squaring the circle soon became apparent to Goldsmith .
Today the law increasingly frames , regulates , and interferes with combat operations .
Thus , legal opinions , like those from OLC , have enormous operational importance .
( This issue is both fascinating and disturbing , and deserves a book of its own . )
In this circumstance , writes Goldsmith , “ Yoo was a godsend .
In close coordination with the War Council , he pumped out opinions on all manner of terrorism - related topics with a clarity of approval that emboldened the hesitant bureaucracy . ”
Unfortunately for Goldsmith , he did n’t feel comfortable with some of those decisions .
During his first two months in office , he writes :
" I was briefed on some of the most sensitive counterterrorism operations in the government .
Each of these operations was supported by OLC opinions written by my predecessors .
As I absorbed the opinions , I concluded that some were deeply flawed : sloppily reasoned , overbroad , and incautious in asserting extraordinary constitutional authorities on behalf of the president .
I was astonished , and immensely worried , to discover that some of our most important counterterrorism policies rested on a severely damaged legal foundation .
It began to dawn on me that I could not  as I thought I would eventually be asked to do  stand by or reaffirm these opinions . "
It would be difficult to rethink prior opinions on such issues in a normal administration .
Doing so in this government was particularly hard .
Alberto Gonzales comes off as a nice nonentity .
When Goldsmith was vetted for the job , he also met with David Addington .
Addington , writes Goldsmith , “ was the biggest presence in the room  a large man with large glasses and an imposing salt - and - pepper beard who had been listening to my answers intently .
Addington was known throughout the bureaucracy as the best - informed , savviest , and most conservative lawyer in the administration , someone who spoke for and acted with the full backing of the powerful vice president , and someone who crushed bureaucratic opponents . ”
If anything , Addington was an even more strident advocate of presidential power than was Yoo , who , relates Goldsmith , “ frequently told me stories about Addington slaying the legal wimps in the administration who stood as an obstacle to the president ’s aggressive anti-terrorism policies . ”
Goldsmith ’s concerns over administration policy did not turn him into a reflexive Bush critic .
For instance , he endorses the notion of a “ war on terror ” and believes that the president has a right to detain irregular combatants , like Yaser Hamdi , an American citizen captured in Afghanistan .
Yet after visiting the Navy brig where Hamdi was held , Goldsmith had some very un-Bushian sentiments :
“ Something seemed wrong .
It seemed unnecessarily extreme to hold a 22 - year - old foot soldier in a remote wing of a run- down prison in a tiny cell , isolated from almost all human contact and with no access to a lawyer .
‘ This is what habeas corpus is for , ’ I thought to myself , somewhat embarrassed at this squishy sentiment . ”
Although he backed the administration ’s legal position  he devotes a chapter to the question of enemy combatants and military commissions  he believed the administration ’s policy “ was excessively legalistic , because it often substituted legal analysis for political judgment , and because it was too committed to expanding the president ’s constitutional power . ”
Administration officials believed that “ cooperation and compromise signaled weakness and emboldened the enemies of America and the executive branch . ”
( Some probably hated the latter more than the former . )
Ironically , he concludes , the administration ’s policies have made Congress and the courts more suspicious of executive power and more willing to constrain the president .
Perhaps the most interesting story , about which he could not write because so many of the issues remain classified , is warrantless electronic surveillance under FISA .
This question led to the much - publicized race between White House Counsel Gonzales and the then - deputy attorney general to Ashcroft ’s hospital room .
Goldsmith supported a looser legal regime , but complained of “ the legal mess that then - White House Counsel Gonzales , David Addington , John Yoo , and others had created in designing the foundations of the Terrorist Surveillance Program . ”
Rather than cooperate with either Congress or the FISA court , Goldsmith points out , “ top officials in the administration dealt with FISA the way they dealt with other laws they did n’t like :
They blew through them in secret based on flimsy legal opinions that they guarded closely so no one could question the legal basis for the operations . ”
Characteristic of the administration ’s attitude was Addington ’s comment to Goldsmith : “ We ’re one bomb away from getting rid of that obnoxious [ FISA ] court . ”
However , torture is the issue that ended Goldsmith ’s OLC tenure .
He concluded that two Yoo opinions concerning interrogation were erroneous .
The documents , he writes , were “ legally flawed , tendentious in substance and tone , and overbroad and thus largely unnecessary . ”
To some they appeared to be works more of political than legal scholarship .
But withdrawing the legal authorization for what can fairly be called torture put interrogators , who had been relying on their government ’s promise that their tactics were legal , in an extraordinarily difficult position .
Attorney General Ashcroft accepted Goldsmith ’s opinion with grace ; the White House was more grudging .
Goldsmith asks how the OLC could have issued opinions that “ made it seem as though the administration was giving official sanction to torture , and brought such dishonor on the United States , the Bush administration , the Department of Justice , and the CIA ? ”
He answers : fear .
Out of fear of future terrorist attacks , the “ OLC took shortcuts in its opinion - writing procedures , ” shortcuts undoubtedly encouraged by the sustained push for increased presidential powers .
Goldsmith chose this time to resign .
He had the usual personal reasons , but , he notes , “ important people inside the administration had come to question my fortitude for the job , and my reliability . ”
That is , his reliability to protect the administration from the Constitution .
The Terror Presidency is one of the most illuminating books on the Bush administration yet to emerge .
Although Goldsmith is a hawk in the war on terror , he also believes in the rule of law .
And he recognizes the importance of building a popular consensus transcending party .
His criticism of the administration is measured but devastating :
" The Terror Presidency ’s most fundamental challenge is to establish adequate trust with the American people to enable the president to take the steps needed to fight an enemy that the public does not see and in some respects cannot comprehend .
This is an enormously difficult task .
The Terror President must educate the public about the threat without unduly scaring it .
He must persuade the public of the need for appropriate steps to check the threat , explain his inevitable mistakes , and act with good judgment if an attack comes .
And he must convince the public that he is acting in good faith to protect us and is not acting at our expense to enhance or protect himself . "
Sadly , the contrast between Goldsmith ’s “ Terror President ” and George W. Bush could not be greater .
With the recent appearance of the anti-Scientology Internet - based movement named “ Anonymous ” we are witnessing the emergence of the first true virtual Stand Alone Complex as envisioned in the anime series Ghost in the Shell : Stand Alone Complex .
Allow me to explain .
First , some background on what a Stand Alone Complex is , courtesy of Wikipedia :
While originally intended to “ underscore the dilemmas and concerns that people would face if they relied too heavily on the new communications infrastructure , ” the concept of the Stand Alone Complex eventually came to represent a phenomenon where unrelated , yet very similar , actions of individuals create a seemingly concerted effort .
A Stand Alone Complex can be compared to the copycat behavior that often occurs after incidents such as serial murders or terrorist attacks .
An incident catches the publics attention and certain types of people “ get on the bandwagon ” , so to speak .
It is particularly apparent when the incident appears to be the result of well - known political or religious beliefs , but it can also occur in response to intense media attention .
For example , a mere fire , no matter the number of deaths , is just a garden variety tragedy .
However , if the right kind of people begin to believe it was arson , caused by deliberate action , the threat increases drastically that more arsons will be committed .
What separates the Stand Alone Complex from normal copycat behavior is that the originator of the copied action is not even a real person , but merely a rumored figure that commits said action .
Even without instruction or leadership a certain type of person will spring into action to imitate the rumored action and move toward the same goal even if only subconsciously .
The result is an epidemic of copied behavior - with no originator .
One could say that the Stand Alone Complex is mass hysteria - with purpose .
In the original anime , the Stand Alone Complex emerges in the form of the Laughing Man , a mythical figure under whose banner a large variety of disparate groups and individuals launch attacks against corporations and governments , with a common unifying theme of speaking truth to power .
But there was no centralized organization , nor was there even an original who set out to launch such a crusade ; the concept evolved spontaneously across the Internet , led by no one person but shaped by hundreds of independent ones .
If you ’ve been following the recent anti-Scientology outbreak across the Internet , this should all be sounding eerily familiar to you .
It started with the release of a kooky Tom Cruise Scientology video on a public video - sharing site .
The “ Church ” of Scientology filed a copyright claim to take it down , whereupon the Internet responded en masse , with anti-Scientology crusaders congregating on sites like Digg , Slashdot , and 4 chan much like the Laughing Man fans , devotees , and emulators did in Ghost in the Shell .
Things got really ugly for Scientology .
Many of their secret documents were leaked online , along with full , unedited videos of Scientology conventions and the original Tom Cruise promotional piece that sparked the whole war .
Meanwhile , the “ Church ” responded in kind with more lawsuit threats , take - down notices , and DMCA requests .
Throughout all of this , the vast loosely affiliated group of anti-Scientologists spread across Digg , 4 chan , other chans , and the like , began rallying under the name “ Anonymous ” .
“ Anonymous ” began releasing ironically - named propaganda pieces and unsettling videos of dark , imposing time - lapsed clouds serving as a back - drop to threats delivered in a scratchy synthesized voice .
The haunting rhythmic mantra of Anonymous , used to close every subsequent video and propaganda piece , made its debut .
Yet there was no central organizational structure responsible for any of this .
All of the various prongs of the attack against Scientology — the videos , the leaks , the images and essays , the meatspace protests — came from disparate peoples rallying to the war cry of a single ideal .
Heck , I even registered an Anonymous account on a BitTorrent tracker — what torrents I uploaded with it , I can not reveal .
We are thus dealing with a true Stand Alone Complex , probably the first substantive one the net has ever seen .
There was no original person who launched and organized this battle , but at the same time , it ’s not accurate to call everyone who is participating in it mere copycats , because they are the entirety of it .
This battle will continue raging for some time , and it ’s about damn time .
Scientology is truly dangerous like many other cults and religions , yet their litigious nature has effectively hamstringed the news media from covering these issues ( except in Germany ) .
So it makes sense that a fluid , faceless group should take root on the Internet to oppose them .
After all , the threats of lawsuits only make sense if they can actually find you to sue you .
Now you understand the meaning of “ Anonymous ” .
So keep a look - out on February 10 , when something big is supposed to happen in this war against Scientology .
I ’ll be watching , perhaps even participating in a way that I alone decide is apt .
And how could I not ?
We are Anonymous .
We are legion .
We do not forgive .
We do not forget .
Expect us .
Update 2008-02-09 : Anonymous ’s war on Scientology is going very well , especially considering the disparity in sizes of the two participants .
Update 2008 -02 - 10 :
With the huge wave of protests seen today , has Scientology ’s day of reckoning finally arrived ?
No way .
The republicans always tell us how much they love the military , as they ’re cutting the VA ’s budget and as Dick Cheney oversaw one of the biggest cuts in military spending in US history while he was Defense Secretary .
From CNN :
The Iraq war has strained U.S. forces to the point where they could not fight another large - scale war , according to a survey of military officers .
U.S. troops patrol Haifa Street in Baghdad last week .
Of those surveyed , 88 percent believe the demands of the Iraq war have “ stretched the U.S. military dangerously thin . ”
On the other hand , 56 percent of the officers disagree that the war has “ broken ” the military .
Eighty percent of officers believe it is unreasonable to expect the U.S. military to wage another major war successfully at present .
Foreign Policy magazine and the Center for a New American Security on Tuesday issued the U.S. Military Index , a survey of 3,400 present and former U.S. military officers .
LOS ANGELES , California ( CNN ) --
People hoping to stay awake long enough Tuesday to see who won California 's primary might have a long night .
Returns from California 's primary could be delayed because of paper ballots .
Polls close in California at 8 p.m. PT , 11 p.m. on the East Coast .
Even those who think they might awaken Wednesday to see results of the Democratic primary might still be waiting .
California is the biggest prize of the 24 states holding primaries and caucuses on Super Tuesday .
At stake : 370 Democratic delegates and 170 Republican delegates .
Watch why California is so important »
Those numbers could make or break the contests between Arizona Sen .
John McCain , former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , and former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee on the Republican side , as well as Sens. Barack Obama of Illinois and Hillary Clinton of New York in the Democratic contest .
County registrars throughout California are warning that because of what could be record - breaking voter turnout and a change back to paper ballots , Tuesday 's results may take some time .
Meanwhile , millions of California absentee ballots and early voting ballots are still out .
Officials say many of those voters are expected to drop the ballots off at their polling places Tuesday .
Do n't Miss Democrats in dead heat going into Super Tuesday
Democrats in dead heat going into Super Tuesday Super Tuesday Guide
Super Tuesday Guide CNN Election Center 2008
Because of concerns over reliability , California decertified many of the state 's electronic voting machines .
That means in places like San Bernardino County , east of Los Angeles , where more than 3,000 voting machines will be sitting in a warehouse , paper ballots are back .
Kari Verjil , a registrar with San Bernardino County , says paper ballots will require more time to tally the votes .
More than a third of the state 's 58 counties will go from directly recorded electronic machines back to paper .
Los Angeles County never stopped using paper ballots , but poll workers still spent time this past weekend on a dry run , getting ready for the expected high volume of ballots .
More than 700,000 more Californians are registered to vote Tuesday than were four years ago ; 240,000 signed up in December .
That jump in registered voters may be due , in part , to California officials moving up the state 's primaries from June to Super Tuesday this year .
" All signs are that this is going to be a very high - turnout election , " said Dean Logan , a registrar in Los Angeles County .
" There is a lot of interest and a lot of activity .
...
We know that California is at play in the presidential nomination process . "
E-mail to a friend
All About U.S. Presidential Election • Democratic Party • Republican Party
SHANGHAI  China said Wednesday that 660 people implicated in Tibetan protests and riots in western China over the past two weeks had surrendered to the authorities .
The announcement was part of the government ’s effort to quell continuing unrest in the area , which includes Tibet and adjoining provinces with large Tibetan populations .
It is the worst outbreak of anti-Chinese violence in 20 years .
It was unclear from the announcement how many of the 660 had surrendered voluntarily and how many would be formally charged with criminal offenses .
Nor was it clear whether all were ethnic Tibetans .
The unrest , which began with a March 14 riot in Lhasa , the capital of Tibet , has already cast a pall over preparations for the Olympic Games in Beijing this summer and energized human rights advocates and others who contend that China ’s rule over the area has been harsh and that Tibet should be independent .
Ownership Doesn't Always Mean Control
from the network - neutrality dept
In the first post in my network neutrality series , I discussed the fear that without network neutrality rules , major telecom companies would engage in censorship of their customers ' communications .
I pointed out that if the government of Iran has trouble restricting the flow of information to its citizens , it 's hard to imagine a company like AT&T or Verizon being able to do so .
Today I 'm going to expand on this point by looking at the more general assumption that the owner of a communications network has fine - grained control over the kind of traffic that gets transmitted across the wire .
It 's common for people on both sides of the debate to talk about network owners blocking , filtering , promoting , speeding up , or slowing down various content and applications .
It 's almost always taken for granted that if you own a pipe , it 's straightforward to decide how that pipe will be used .
I do n't think that 's as obvious as it might seem at first glance .
This is illustrated by a story that came out a couple of weeks ago : AOL is opening its IM network to third - party developers .
This seems like a smart move , although as Matt Asay argues , they could have gone a lot further than they actually did .
What 's really interesting about this development is the back story .
In reality , AOL 's instant messaging network has been a de facto open network for years , despite the best efforts of AOL .
During the first half of this decade , AOL became embroiled in " an elaborate game of cat and mouse " with third - party clients like Trillian .
AOL would make changes to its own software designed to shut third - party clients out of their networks .
The other clients would respond within hours with patches that restored compatibility .
This went on for months , and Microsoft and Yahoo ! tried similar tactics .
Ultimately , all three companies gave up .
The constant upgrades were annoying their own users and it became increasingly clear that the third party developers were n't going to back down .
This is n't technically a network neutrality question because AOL's IM " network " is n't a network in the traditional computer science sense .
But I think the story has some important lessons for the network neutrality debate .
One is that we should be skeptical of claims that ownership of physical infrastructure gives companies unlimited control over how that infrastructure will be used by users .
One might have thought that AOL 's ownership of its IM servers would give it the ability to lock out third - party clients it did n't approve of , but that 's not how things worked out .
Third party clients found it relatively easy to evade AOL 's efforts to lock them out .
And AOL was constrained in its options because it needed to preserve a reasonable level of service for its official client .
Second , the story suggests that not only can users evade blocks by network owners , but in many cases , the evasion techniques can be downright user - friendly .
I was using a Mac OS X client called Fire at the time , and all I had to do to restore connectivity after AOL made one of these changes was download an updater and install it .
I assume the Trillian experience was similar .
While there are certainly some people who do n't know how to download and install an update , there are millions of people who do , and these people served as the customer base for the third - party client .
Finally , it 's worth noting how the third - party clients were able to respond so quickly when one of the IM networks tried to shut them out .
Over time , the various third - party clients began sharing the libraries they were using to achieve interoperability with various IM networks .
That meant that when AOL made a change to its protocol , just one person needed to make the necessary changes to the shared library , which was then quickly integrated into all the other clients .
This allow them to respond much more quickly than if each client had to develop its own workarounds , and it was especially helpful for niche clients that might otherwise have lacked the manpower to keep up with AOL 's changes .
Of course , it would be over - stating things to say that this proves that a network provider could never block applications or content it did n't approve of .
But I think it does suggest that network providers would find content or application blocking more challenging than is commonly supposed .
A broadband provider that began filtering its customers ' traffic would get locked into a cat - and - mouse game with its customers , with the customers developing new ways to evade the filters and the network owners beefing up its filtering software .
This would , at a minimum , be a headache for the firm 's engineers and a source of bad publicity .
At worst , it might begin to cut into the network owner 's bottom line , because efforts to block certain applications would degrade the quality of Internet access in general and spark cancellations .
Indeed , we 're already starting to see hints of the kinds of difficulties ISPs will face with Comcast 's war against BitTorrent .
One of the major results of Comcast 's policy has been to accelerate the adoption of clients with " header encryption " functionality .
As a result , the techniques Comcast is currently using to control BitTorrent use are likely to get less and less effective over time , and Comcast will have to spend still more money developing more sophisticated filtering software .
It 's unlikely that either side will " win " this cat - and - mouse game .
But at some point , Comcast may decide it 's more trouble than it 's worth .
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
Other posts in this series :
Filed Under : control , net neutrality , networks
Companies : aol , comcast , meebo
Illustration by Claudio Munoz
IN 2006 EMI , the world 's fourth - biggest recorded - music company , invited some teenagers into its headquarters in London to talk to its top managers about their listening habits .
At the end of the session the EMI bosses thanked them for their comments and told them to help themselves to a big pile of CDs sitting on a table .
But none of the teens took any of the CDs , even though they were free .
“ That was the moment we realised the game was completely up , ” says a person who was there .
In public , of course , music executives continued to talk a good game : recovery was just around the corner , they argued , and digital downloads would rescue the music business .
But the results from 2007 confirm what EMI 's focus group showed : that the record industry 's main product , the CD , which in 2006 accounted for over 80 % of total global sales , is rapidly fading away .
In America , according to Nielsen SoundScan , the volume of physical albums sold dropped by 19 % in 2007 from the year before — faster than anyone had expected .
For the first half of 2007 , sales of music on CD and other physical formats fell by 6 % in Britain , by 9 % in Japan , France and Spain , by 12 % in Italy , 14 % in Australia and 21 % in Canada .
( Sales were flat in Germany . )
Paid digital downloads grew rapidly , but did not begin to make up for the loss of revenue from CDs .
More worryingly for the industry , the growth of digital downloads appears to be slowing .
“ In 2007 it became clear that the recorded - music industry is contracting and that it will be a very different beast from what it was in the 20th century , ” says Mark Mulligan , an analyst at JupiterResearch .
Last year several big - name artists bypassed the record labels altogether .
Madonna left Warner Music to strike a deal with Live Nation , a concert promoter , and the Eagles distributed a bestselling album in America without any help from a record label .
Radiohead , a British band , deserted EMI to release an album over the internet .
These were isolated , unusual deals , by artists whose careers had already brought years of profits to the big music companies .
But they made the labels look irrelevant and will no doubt prompt other artists to think about leaving them too .
The smallest major labels , EMI and Warner Music , are struggling most visibly .
Warner Music 's share price has fallen to $ 4.75 , 72 % lower than its IPO price in 2005 , and it is weighed down by debt .
EMI 's new private - equity owner , Terra Firma , paid a high price for the business in August 2007 .
Now , having got rid of most of EMI 's senior managers and revealed embarrassing details of their spending habits ( £ 200,000 a year went on sundries euphemistically referred to in the music business as “ fruit and flowers ” ) , Terra Firma is due to produce a new strategy later this month .
But many observers reckon the private - equity men are out of their depth .
The two biggest majors — Universal , which is owned by Vivendi , a French conglomerate , and Sony BMG , a joint venture between Sony and Bertelsmann , a German media firm — derive some protection from their parent companies .
Universal is the strongest and is gaining market share .
But people speculate that Bertelsmann may want to sell out to Sony next year .
Three vicious circles have now set in for the recorded - music firms .
First , because sales of CDs are tumbling , big retailers such as Wal - Mart are cutting the amount of shelf - space they give to music , which in turn accelerates the decline .
Richard Greenfield of Pali Research , an independent research firm , reckons that retail floor - space devoted to CDs in America will be cut by 30 % or more in 2008 .
The pattern is likely to repeat itself elsewhere as sales fall .
Circular arguments
Second , because the majors are cutting costs severely , particularly at EMI and Warner Music , artists are receiving far less marketing and promotional support than before , which could prompt them to seek alternatives .
“ They 've cut out the guts of middle managers and there are fewer people on the ground to promote records , ” says Peter Mensch , manager of the Red Hot Chili Peppers and Shania Twain .
Third , record companies face such hostile conditions that their backers , whether private equity or corporations , are loth to spend the sums required to move into the bits of the music industry that are thriving , such as touring and merchandising .
The majors are trying to strike “ 360 - degree ” deals with artists that grant them a share of these earnings .
But even if artists agree to such deals , they will not hand over new rights unless they get better terms on recorded music , so the majors may not see much benefit overall .
Tim Renner , a former boss of Universal Music in Germany , says the majors should have acted years ago .
“ Then they had the money and could have built the competence by buying concert agencies and merchandise companies , ” he says .
Now it may be too late .
By mid-2007 , when the majors realised that digital downloads were not growing as quickly as they had hoped , they landed on a more adventurous digital strategy .
They now want to move beyond Apple 's iTunes and its paid - for downloads .
The direction of most of their recent digital deals , such as with Imeem , a social network that offers advertising - supported streamed music , is to offer music free at the point of delivery to consumers .
Perhaps the most important experiment of all is a deal Universal struck in December with Nokia , the biggest mobile - phone maker , to supply its music for new handsets that will go on sale later this year .
These “ Comes With Music ” phones will allow customers to download all the music they want to their phones and PCs and keep it — even if they change handsets when their year 's subscription ends .
Instead of charging consumers directly , Universal will take a cut of the price of each phone .
The other majors are expected to strike similar deals .
“ ‘ Comes with Music ' is a recognition that music has to be given away for free , or close to free , on the internet , ” says Mr Mulligan .
Paid - for download services will continue and ad - supported music will become more widespread , but subsidised services where people do not pay directly for music will become by far the most popular , he says .
For the recorded - music industry this is a leap into the unknown .
Universal and its fellow majors may never earn anything like as much from partnership with device - makers as they did from physical formats .
Some among their number , indeed , may not survive .
Ralph Nader attacked the two main parties
Nader BBC interview
The anti-establishment consumer advocate made the announcement in a televised interview on Sunday .
Mr Nader was accused by many Democrats of handing the presidency to George W Bush in the November 2000 elections .
He ran again unsuccessfully in 2004 .
Senators Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton are vying for the Democratic ticket .
Senator John McCain is almost certain to run for the Republicans .
Nearly three million Americans - more than 2 % of the vote - backed Mr Nader when he stood as the Green Party candidate in the 2000 presidential election .
That election was so close that a small proportion of those votes - particularly in the key state of Florida - could have helped to put Al Gore in the White House .
Disenchanted
" I 'm running for president , " Mr Nader said as he announced the move on NBC's Meet the Press .
He said most Americans were disenchanted with the Democratic and Republican parties - who were not discussing the urgent issues facing American voters
We have to shift the power from the few to the many
Ralph Nader
Profile : Ralph Nader
People , he said , felt " locked out , shut out , marginalised and disrespected " .
He called Washington DC " corporate - occupied territory " that turns the government against the interest of its own people .
Mr Nader denied he was seeking to be a spoiler candidate - and accused the main parties of " political bigotry " .
Referring to the three main contenders in the race so far , he questioned : " Do they have the moral courage , do they have the fortitude to stand up to corporate powers and get things done for the American people ? "
" We have to shift the power from the few to the many . "
Speaking to the BBC , Mr Nader said the two major parties " do n't stand for the people " .
" They stand for big business .
That 's overwhelmingly documented .
And they have not cracked down on the corporate crime - wave that the Wall Street Journal and The Washington Post and the networks have documented day after day , the Enron scandal all the way to Wall Street . "
Mixed reaction
HAVE YOUR SAY I 'm all about a viable third party candidate but the key word here is viable .
Nader is not the one , it almost like the Republicans have him on retainer .
Eric H. , Maine , US
Democratic candidates Barack Obama and Hillary Rodham Clinton were quick to criticise Mr Nader .
" He thought that there was no difference between Al Gore and George Bush and eight years later I think people realise that Ralph did not know what he was talking about , " Mr Obama was quoted by the Associated Press as saying .
" I remember when he did this before , it did n't turn out too well , for anyone , especially our country , " Mrs Clinton said .
" I hope it 's kind of a just a passing fancy that people wo n't take too seriously . "
Republican hopeful Mike Huckabee was much more welcoming :
" I think it always would probably pull votes away from the Democrats , not the Republicans , so naturally Republicans would welcome his entry into the race and hope that maybe a few more will join in , " he told CNN .
Consumer agenda
Mr Nader , 73 , was born in Connecticut in 1934 and was educated at Princeton and Harvard universities .
He has spent most of his life fighting for consumers and workers against corporations .
In the 1960s his work on car safety led directly to seat belts and shatter - resistant glass being fitted in every American car .
From the 1970s he built a reputation for dealing with issues including workers ' rights , public safety , the environment and the influence of corporations .
He founded a number of groups including Public Citizen , which in recent years has been active in organising protests against the World Trade Organization and World Bank / IMF .
Do you want to know why John McCain looked so horrified yesterday when he had to answer questions about the NY Times story ?
It 's interesting to me because the RW Noise machine would like nothing better than to attack the NY Times .
It 's their favorite pastime after all .
Are you ready ?
Because he now knows that reporters will be digging into his business for the past decade or so to examine how far and deep his love affair with lobbyists actually goes .
Immediately , Newsweek busted John McCain over his denials that he spoke to anyone at Paxson or Alcalde & Fay .
A sworn deposition that Sen . John McCain gave in a lawsuit more than five years ago appears to contradict one part of a sweeping denial that his campaign issued this week to rebut a New York Times story about his ties to a Washington lobbyist .
But that flat claim seems to be contradicted by an impeccable source : McCain himself .
" I was contacted by Mr. Paxson on this issue , " McCain said in the Sept. 25 , 2002 , deposition obtained by NEWSWEEK .
" He wanted their approval very bad for purposes of his business .
I believe that Mr. Paxson had a legitimate complaint . " ... read on
I 'll point to Glenn Greenwald 's piece now :
In issuing a very specific , point - by - point denial of the NYT story , McCain specifically denied that he ever talked to Paxson 's CEO , Lowell Paxson ( or any other Paxson representative ) about this matter :
No representative of Paxson or Alcalde and Fay discussed with Senator McCain the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) proceeding .
. . .
No representative of Paxson or Alcalde and Fay personally asked Senator McCain to send a letter to the FCC regarding this proceeding .
But Newsweek 's Mike Isikoff today obtained ( or was given ) the transcripts of deposition testimony which McCain himself gave under oath several years ago in litigation over the constitutionality of McCain - Feingold .
In that testimony , McCain repeatedly and unequivocally stated the opposite of what he said in this week 's NYT denial : namely , that he had unquestionably spoken with Paxson himself over the pending FCC matter :
While McCain said " I do n't recall " if he ever directly spoke to the firm 's lobbyist about the issue -- an apparent reference to Iseman , though she is not named -- " I 'm sure I spoke to [ Paxson ] . " ... read on
Check out Slate 's Believability scale video during John 's presser and watch as McCain 's stock plummets .
Now there 's another issue surfacing .
John McCain refused to talk about the NY Times story today .
After no one in the audience brought up the issue , the national press tried to keep it alive , by asking him about his campaign 's assaults on the Times .
McCain did not bite .
" I do not have any more comment about this issue , " McCain said , noting that he had answered questions about the Times story Thursday morning .
" I do not intend to address the issue further . "
Here 's the scary part of the story .
And it seemed to work .
Say what ?
What an embarrassing admission .
Michael Scherer and the rest of the press should not let this happen and we should n't either .
They need to treat this story like they would if they were talking to Dana Perino .
It was , all in all , a good morning , following a difficult day .
The campaign is moving on , beyond the tension and relative silence that typified yesterday afternoon , when his most interesting public utterance was " Play Abba . "
Are you kidding me ?
Michael Scherer is acting as if the press will be derelict in their duty " my friends . "
And that would be a shame .
If solar power is expensive in part because the materials come dearly , then use cheaper materials .
That ’s the design principle behind thin film solar cells , and now also behind a form of concentrated solar using plastic balloons , designed by a firm called Cool Earth Solar .
Concentrated solar uses mirrors to shine more light onto regular solar photovoltaic cells , in order to get more energy , and thus more profit , out of a single cell .
However , the mirrors themselves and machinery needed to keep them precisely aimed usually drive the cost per watt back up .
Cool Earth ’s idea is to use a reflective inflatable made out of mylar , a cheap plastic often used for food packaging , to reflect light onto cells .
The company claims that its scheme produces energy at a lower cost than natural gas plants .
The balloons , which are about eight feet across , are hung on cabling arrays that keep them turned toward the sun .
The top layer of plastic is clear , while the underside is coated in a reflective material , directing sunlight back onto a solar cell in the center .
Because of their design , the arrays ca n’t be use on a rooftop , and their size means they ’re an unlikely candidate for urban installation .
Cool Earth is planning instead to install them on farmland , suspended 12 to 14 feet above the crops .
The company will be handling deployment of the arrays itself , and will profit from selling electricity back into the grid at about 10 cents per kilowatt , according to CEO Rob Lampkin .
The funding , Cool Earth ’s first , will be used to ramp up production of its concentrators to about 50 megawatts per year by 2009 .
An unnamed private equity fund provided $ 20 million of the $ 21 million total funding ; Lampkin says he made pitches to a half dozen top Valley firms , but “ amazingly enough , [ the PE firm ] had the best deal and moved the quickest . ”
Cool Earth is based in Livermore , Calif .
But organizations that fight corruption argue that those investors are exposing in court the corrupt networks of government officials , providing a much - needed check on mineral - rich states .
Beyond that , anticorruption campaigners , like the groups Global Witness and the Publish What You Pay Coalition , contend that when nations win debt relief without becoming more accountable , they will simply repeat old mistakes and end up deep in debt once again .
“ If it were not for these vulture funds , we would not know any facts about the way our country ’s wealth is being taken away , ” said Brice Mackosso , a campaigner for greater transparency in the Congo Republic ’s government .
“ We do n’t agree with their ultimate aims , but they are the only ones capable of exposing the truth . ”
Critics argue that virtually all countries use their debt relief savings to help the poor , and that so - called vulture funds achieve outsize returns from long - forgotten debts at the expense of the world ’s poorest people .
Cutting Both Ways
While investor lawsuits may expose nefarious dealings , they may also make governments more secretive to avoid asset seizures .
“ It can cut both ways , ” said Mark Thomas , a senior economist at the World Bank .
“ It can be a cause of revealing nontransparent practices , but it can also be a cause of those nontransparent practices in the first place . ”
Debts are bought and sold all the time , and Western courts have awarded hundreds of millions of dollars in judgments to debt investors .
Peru is the best - known example :
In 2000 , Elliott Associates , whose founder , Paul E. Singer , is a top Republican donor and a backer of Rudolph W. Giuliani ’s presidential campaign , won a $ 58 million judgment on debt it had bought in 1996 for $ 20 million .
Now African countries are in the sights of debt investors .
In 1979 , Zambia borrowed $ 15 million from Romania to buy agricultural equipment .
Twenty years later , the two governments agreed to settle the old debt for about $ 3 million .
But a hedge fund , Donegal International , bought it first and sued for about $ 55 million .
This year , a British court ruled that Zambia must pay Donegal $ 15 million .
The plight of Zambia , a poor country stricken by AIDS , raised awareness of so - called vulture investing in Africa , and debt relief campaigners , celebrities and some members of the Bush administration have taken up the issue .
I used to have a belief that his push for the surge was a calculated political maneuver aimed at trying to out Bush --- Bush so to speak at his own game , but after watching this clip and studied his behavior closely I have to say that he 's just another bloody --- warmonger .
Robert Dreyfus explains to Amy Goodman how close his ties are to the Neocon 's and how prominent their influence is over him .
He 's a super freak of the AEI vision of America 's role in world affairs .
Instead of learning the lessons Vietnam taught us , he blew them off and is now solidly for American military intervention at all costs .
Download Download ( h/t Heather )
Elect John McCain and you 'll receive a continuation of the Neocon agenda with a twist of lime .
It 's that simple and may God help us all .
Transcript via Democracy Now's Amy Goodman :
AMY GOODMAN : We 're talking to Robert Dreyfuss , investigative reporter , contributing editor at The Nation magazine .
His latest piece is called " Hothead McCain . "
McCain famously said that US forces might end up staying in Iraq for 100 years .
What role did John McCain play in the surge and in shaping , if he did , any part of President Bush 's policy in Iraq , the war ?
ROBERT DREYFUSS : Oh , I would say that of all the politicians in the United States , McCain was number one in a crucial moment , when the President , President Bush , had to decide whether to accept the Baker - Hamilton report , which called for phasing out US combat forces over a period of sixteen months or alternatively escalating the war .
And at that time , McCain was the number one voice in calling for an escalation .
He had traveled to Iraq .
He had said we need more troops .
I believe he was calling for at least 50,000 troops .
He worked closely along with Senator Lieberman , who 's now his traveling companion .
McCain and Lieberman spoke at the American Enterprise Institute and worked closely with Robert and Frederick Kagan , who — Frederick Kagan , in particular , who is at AEI and was the author of the report that led to the surge and was brought into the administration by Vice President Cheney , who went over to AEI and consulted with them .
It was that team — Kagan , McCain , Lieberman and Cheney — who convinced the President to go with the escalation a year ago in January .
And McCain was not only advocating the surge , but really pushing , and is today pushing , for a long - term presence by the United States in Iraq , using Iraq as an aircraft carrier to support American power throughout the Persian Gulf and the Middle East and Central Asia .
And his advisers told me so .
When I spoke to Randy Scheunemann at length , he said , in fact , yes , we want to stay in Iraq for a long time , not just to stabilize Iraq , but because we may have to deal with many threats from the region .
And of course you have to include Iran as among the possible threats that we'd have to deal with , according to McCain .
So I would say that McCain and the surge are almost identical , and it's McCain who we have to thank for the fact that two years ago we did n't start withdrawing from Iraq , but in fact escalated to the point where the next president will have probably 130,000 troops on the ground when he or she takes office .
AMY GOODMAN : And the others in the neocon circle , the advisers , like , for example , Bill Kristol , like Max Boot , tell us about their involvement .
ROBERT DREYFUSS :
You know , it 's very interesting , Amy .
If you look at the list of people who say they 're advising the McCain camp , you find a broad range of people .
You find people like Henry Kissinger , Brent Scowcroft , Larry Eagleburger .
These are the traditional kind of Nixon - era realists , many of whom certainly would n't be considered liberals , but who certainly are realists .
But when you look at McCain 's positions , his views on things , you do n't find any of the influence of people like Eagleburger and Scowcroft .
What you see instead is that the rest of McCain 's advisers , and you named several of them — James Woolsey , the former CIA director , who has been traveling and campaigning with McCain and who I interviewed for this piece ; Bill Kristol , who 's very close to McCain for probably a decade and has been kind of an angel sitting on his shoulder and whispering in his ear all that time ; people like Scheunemann ; people like Max Boot ; Ralph Peters ; there 's a long list of people who have joined the McCain advisory team — and it's these people whom McCain listens to when it comes to foreign policy .
He certainly has n't expressed anything in any foreign policy area that you would identify with the Republican realist camp .
He 's much closer to the neocons .
And he seems to be , as I said earlier , the true neocon himself , someone who , after early in his career in the ' 80s being kind of suspicious about some foreign interventions that happened at that time , at the end of the Cold War , when the Soviet Union collapsed , McCain seemed to have felt unburdened , like now American power can express itself .
And that 's when he attached himself to the neoconservative vision that America , as the sole superpower , could throw its weight around , could remake the world in its own image and that there would be no effective opposition to it .
When I look at McCain , though , I have to say , I go back to Vietnam .
This is a man whose father and grandfather were extremely conservative , even rightwing admirals , who served in Vietnam until he was shot down and held as a POW , conducting air raid missions , dropping napalm on Hanoi and other cities in North Vietnam , who learned from that and became convinced that American military power , if it 's constrained by politics , was unable to win that war .
And so , he took out of Vietnam not the lesson that we should n't get into land wars in Asia or that fighting guerrilla counterinsurgency efforts might not be the task that America 's military is most suited for ; what he learned in Vietnam is that we need to take the gloves off , that the politicians need to get out of the way and let the military do its job .
And that 's precisely the message that he 's adopted in approaching Iraq .
I think to this day , McCain thinks that the Vietnam War could have been won if we had just stayed another five or ten or fifteen years , and he seems exactly prepared to do that in Iraq , despite all evidence to the contrary that we can't do anything in Iraq other than sit on a very ugly stalemate that , you know , continues to blow up and flare into violence .
The search feature in Microsoft Outlook 2007 , frankly , sucks big time .
It ’s slow .
Searches take about 30 seconds for me .
( I have about 10 years of email ) .
You have to wait for it to fail to find things in your inbox before you ’re permitted to search elsewhere , even if you know the message is n’t in your inbox .
The search quality is atrocious .
I regularly get 50 % garbage results mixed in that have nothing in common with my search terms , and the message I am looking for often does n’t come up .
The patch helps , but it still takes around 30 seconds to do a search .
It did n’t use to be that way .
A few years ago , there was a great add - in called Lookout for Outlook , based on Lucene .
NET .
Searches always took less than a second .
The tiny company that made Lookout was bought by Microsoft .
It must have been one of those HR acquisitions , because the Lookout technology was thrown away .
Mike Belshe only spent a couple of years at Microsoft before moving on .
When Outlook 2007 came out , it disabled Lookout , and allegedly this was n’t supposed to be a big deal because Outlook 2007 has search “ built in . ”
But the built - in search is , as mentioned , ghastly .
Last week I had finally had enough .
I ca n’t work like this .
I spent some time searching on the net and found that the original author of Lookout , Mike Belshe , had just posted instructions for getting Lookout to work on Outlook 2007 .
They worked !
Lookout is back !
It ’s fast !
The first search takes about a second .
After that something seems to be cached in memory and further searches appear as fast as you hit the “ enter ” key .
The next installment in the Harold and Kumar franchise is called " Harold and Kumar Escape From Guantánamo Bay , " in which our lovable heroes end up in America 's gulag when someone overhears them talking about " bongs " and thinks they 're talking about " bombs . "
The criminals who run the prison camp on behalf of the US government evince distress at this because they hope that the world will see the secret prison as a clean , well - run , efficient gaol ( filled with people so dangerous that they can't be convicted of any crime ) .
The focus on Guantánamo as a creative subject can lead to distortions , Admiral Buzby said .
" It 's as if someone turned up the gain on our life to make it sound really bad . "
Some writers say it may be too late for anyone to change perceptions .
" That one word – Guantánamo – has come to symbolize so much , " said Michelle Shephard , a reporter for The Toronto Star , whose book " Guantánamo 's Child : The Untold Story of Omar Khadr , " is scheduled to be published next month .
Mr. Khadr was first detained when he was 15 .
When you were a kid did your parents ever do anything mean to you for their own amusement ?
Whatever it was , something tells us it was n't as evil as what Jonathan 's ( above ) family did on Christmas morning , having him unwrap an empty Xbox box with some shirts inside -- while on video , mind you -- and then everyone laughing at him when he got upset and cried over being hoodwinked .
For the love of all that is holy in the gadget - loving world , that is so wrong .
Despite the fact his family told Jonathan multiple times in the video , " C'mon , you know we can't afford an Xbox ! " , the kid 's shining example of an older brother ( who uploaded the video ) claims that they actually did get him the console , and that he 'd eventually upload the video of the " real " unwrapping .
He never did .
Right .
Jonathan , you out there ?
Screw those people , they clearly do n't understand what it is to be a kid and to want an awesome gadget so badly you can taste it .
We 've been there our whole lives .
Since , as a publication , we can't just adopt you and raise you as our own , I will personally send you an Xbox 360 and some games -- but only on the condition that you swear to you 'll never let your douchebag family play with it .
Hit me up at engadget at gmail dotcom , make sure you can identify yourself so I know I 've got the right person .
We 've been flooded with email from well - meaning geeks and even Microsoft ; just about everyone wants to help us hook up Jonathan .
We totally appreciate the sentiment , but we 've got this covered .
We think we 've gotten in touch with his family ( who let us know he never got an Xbox , and the whole thing really was a prank on the poor kid ) ; once we know for sure we have the right people we 'll post again .
We love The General .
Frank Schaeffer at Huffpo , h/t Mike :
Every Sunday thousands of right wing white preachers ( following in my father 's footsteps ) rail against America 's sins from tens of thousands of pulpits .
They tell us that America is complicit in the " murder of the unborn , " has become " Sodom " by coddling gays , and that our public schools are sinful places full of evolutionists and sex educators hell - bent on corrupting children .
They say , as my dad often did , that we are , " under the judgment of God . "
They call America evil and warn of immanent destruction .
By comparison Obama 's minister 's shouted " controversial " comments were mild .
... Was any conservative political leader associated with Dad running for cover ?
Far from it .
Dad was a frequent guest of the Kemps , had lunch with the Fords , stayed in the White House as their guest , he met with Reagan , [ and ] ... became a hero to the evangelical community and a leading political instigator .
Read more ...
New here ?
You may want updates via email or RSS feed .
Thanks for visiting !
In the spirit of getting back to basics this month at Get Rich Slowly , I 'm planning to publish a series of articles about the most important numbers in personal finance .
Let 's start by looking at how to calculate your net worth .
To measure the value of a business , companies talk about equity or “ book value ” .
Jargon , right ?
In personal finance , equity is known as net worth .
It 's exactly the same thing but on a personal level .
Your net worth is an important number because it reveals how much the business of you is worth at the moment .
Still clear as mud ?
Maybe this definition of net worth from Wait But
Why will make more sense :
“ What would happen if you sold everything you own , liquidated any investments you have , paid off all of your debts , and withdrew whatever cash you have in bank accounts ?
You'd be standing on the street naked , with nowhere to go , holding a bunch of cash , and people would be looking at you .
And whatever cash you were holding would be your net worth . ”
At its core , your net worth represents how much wealth you 've accumulated until this very moment .
In the classic book Your Money or Your Life , Joe Dominguez and Vicki Robin write , “ [ Your net worth ] is what you currently have to show for your lifetime income ; the rest is memories and illusions . ”
Ouch .
That 's a little harsh , but it 's true .
How to Calculate Your Net Worth
Net worth tracks your financial health in the same way that weight measures your fitness .
Neither number tells the whole story , but as a measure of change over time each is a handy tool .
Calculating net worth is easy .
It 's what you own minus what you owe .
That 's it .
Simple , right ?
Here are more detailed instructions :
List your assets .
Check all of your bank accounts and note their balances .
If you have investment and / or retirement accounts , write down how much you have in them .
If you own your home , use Zillow to determine its current value .
If you own a car , use Kelley Blue Book to figure out how much it 's worth .
Add all of these together to find the total value of your assets .
Next , list your liabilities .
Write down how much you owe on your car , the current balance of your mortgage , how much you have left on your student loans .
Record the balance of each credit card and personal loan .
The sum of everything you owe represents your total liabilities .
Subtract what you owe from what you own .
Your net worth is your assets minus your liabilities .?
To make things even easier for you , I 've created this net worth spreadsheet in Google Docs for you to download or copy .
( The spreadsheet is still branded for Money Boss , but it'll work for Get Rich Slowly readers too ! )
Once you 've calculated your net worth , write this number down .
Burn it onto your brain .
I want you to remember how much you 're worth today so that we can see the progress you 've made in six months .
And a year .
And ten years .
As you get better with money , your net worth will grow .
Some folks argue that you should not include the value of your home when calculating your net worth .
I disagree .
Net worth is a thing with a precise definition .
I think it 's great to run another number that leaves out your home , if you want , but that number is not your net worth .
What Should Your Net Worth be ?
People often wonder what their net worth should be .
There 's no right answer .
It depends on where you live , what you spend , and how much you earn .
If you 're a computer programmer in Toronto , your net worth will probably be greater than if you 're a schoolteacher in Mississippi .
Some folks have created benchmarks for comparing net worth .
Perhaps the best - known example of this is found in The Millionaire Next Door by Thomas Stanley and William Danko .
They argue that your “ expected net worth ” can be determined with a simple formula :
Divide your age by ten .
Multiply this result by your current annual gross ( pre-tax ) income .
The final number , say Stanley and Danko , reveals how much money you should have .
If your net worth ( minus any inheritances ) is at this level , you 're an “ average accumulator of wealth ” .
If you have less than half the expected amount , you 're an “ under- accumulator of wealth ” .
If you have more than twice the expected wealth for your age , you 're a “ prodigious accumulator of wealth ” .
Let 's say , for example , that you 're thirty years old and have a net worth of $ 49,872.99 .
Your income last year was $ 61,191.38 .
Based on these figures , the rule - of - thumb from The Millionaire Next Door says your net worth should be about $ 183,500 .
Because you have a net worth of less than $ 91,787 , Stanley and Danko would say Landes you 're an under - accumulator of wealth .
If you had more than $ 367,000 , you'd be considered an overachiever .
More Fun with Net Worth
There are other ways to look at your net worth , of course .
Here are two :
Here 's how to figure out your lifetime wealth ratio , which is your net worth divided by every penny you 've ever earned .
( So , if you have a net worth of $ 100,000 on $ 500,000 of career earnings , your lifetime wealth ratio would be 20 % . )
If you want to compare your net worth to others , Zac at Four Pillar Freedom has created a tool that lets you visualize the net worth of Americans by age .
No matter your situation , your goal should be to increase your net worth over time .
This might sound glib , but it 's true : A high net worth is always better than a low net worth .
The more you have , the better your financial health .
Neuroscience For Kids
marijuana
Marijuana is one of the world 's most commonly used illegal drugs .
There are approximately 300 million users worldwide and 28 million users in the United States ( Diaz , 1997 ) .
Marijuana comes from a plant called " Cannabis sativa . "
The chemical in this plant that produces the altered states of consciousness is called " delta - 9 tetrahydrocannabinol " or " THC . "
Marijuana is usually smoked like a cigarette , but it can also be cooked into baked goods like brownies or cookies or brewed like a tea .
THC is also contained in " hashish " ( hash ) which is the resin from the marijuana plants .
Hash is usually smoked in a pipe .
Other names for marijuana include : grass , pot , reefer and weed .
Effects of Marijuana on the Nervous System
THC acts on cannabinoid receptors which are found on neurons in many places in the brain .
These brain areas are involved in memory ( the hippocampus ) , concentration ( cerebral cortex ) , perception ( sensory portions of the cerebral cortex ) and movement ( the cerebellum , substantia nigra , globus pallidus ) .
When THC activates cannabinoid receptors , it interfers with the normal functioning of these brain areas .
In low to medium doses , marijuana causes :
relaxation
reduced coordination
reduced blood pressure
sleepiness
disruption in attention
an altered sense of time and space ... a good reason not to drive or operate machinery while under the influence .
In high doses , marijuana can cause :
hallucinations
delusions
impaired memory
disorientation .
Scientists have known for a long time that THC interacted with cannabinoid receptors in the brain , but did not know why the brain would have such receptors .
They thought that the brain must make some kind of substance that naturally acted on these receptors .
In 1992 , they found the answer ... anandamide .
Anandamide is the brain 's own THC ( just like " endorphin " is the brain 's own morphine ) .
Still , scientists are not sure what the function of anandamide is in the normal brain .
The effects of marijuana start as soon as 1 - 10 minutes after it is taken and can last 3 to 4 hours or even longer .
Experiments have shown that THC can affect two neurotransmitters : norepinephrine and dopamine .
Serotonin and GABA levels may also be altered .
Whether marijuana can produce addiction is controversial .
Also controversial is whether marijuana causes long - term mental abnormalities .
Only future research will give us the answers .
It is interesting to note that there are NO documented cases of a fatal overdose produced by marijuana .
However , because there is a high level of tar and other chemicals in marijuana , smoking it is similar to smoking cigarettes .
The lungs get a big dose of chemicals that increase the chances of lung problems and cancer later in life .
How long does THC stay in your body and for how long can it be detected after you use marijuana ?
The amount of time depends on several factors such as how much a person has smoked , how long a person has smoked for , and the method used to detect THC or its metabolites .
Marijuana can be detected in urine , blood and saliva using methods called thin layer chromatography , high pressure liquid chromatography , gas chromatography , enzyme immunoassay and radioimmunoassay .
The most psychoactive ingredient in marijuana is delta - 9 - tetrahydrocannabinol ( THC ) .
THC is broken down into several other compounds that are also psychoactive .
The half - life of THC is about 24 hours .
However , the metabolites of THC can be detected for 45 to 60 days after the last use .
According to Maistro et al. , in the book Drug Use and Misuse ( 1991 ) :
" Approximately half of the THC is excreted over several days , and the remainder by the end of about a week .
However , some metabolites of the THC , a number of which may still be active in the system , can be detected in the body at least thirty days following ingestion of a single dose and , following chronic use , in the urine for several weeks . "
Did you know ?
In 1969 , the Journal of the American Medical Association ( JAMA , vol. 207 , pages 1349 - 1350 , 1969 ) published a paper that described the psychoactive effects of catnip in people .
People who smoked catnip were said to become happy and relaxed .
Catnip ( from the plant Nepeta cataria ) does cause most cats to act strangely : they roll around , shake their heads , rub against things , and try to get the plant all over their bodies .
Interestingly , cats are only affected when they smell it - it has no effect if they eat it .
It appears that catnip has little or no psychoactive effects in people .
Actually , in the 1969 JAMA paper , the authors mislabeled the pictures of marijuana and catnip .
They labeled the pictures of marijuana as catnip and that of catnip as marijuana .
( JAMA , vol. 207 , pages 1349 - 1350 , 1969 ) published a paper that described the psychoactive effects of catnip in people .
People who smoked catnip were said to become happy and relaxed .
Catnip ( from the plant ) does cause most cats to act strangely : they roll around , shake their heads , rub against things , and try to get the plant all over their bodies .
Interestingly , cats are only affected when they smell it - it has no effect if they eat it .
It appears that catnip has little or no psychoactive effects in people .
Actually , in the 1969 JAMA paper , the authors mislabeled the pictures of marijuana and catnip .
They labeled the pictures of marijuana as catnip and that of catnip as marijuana .
THC was identified as the major psychoactive chemical in marijuana in 1964 .
Marijuana contains more than 400 different chemicals .
Hear It
Take a short on - line , interactive quiz about amphetamines , cocaine and marijuana .
For more information about marijuana , see :
Copyright © 1996 - 2020 , Eric H. Chudler All Rights Reserved .
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) -- Yahoo on Wednesday moved another chess piece in its bid to fend off a hostile takeover by Microsoft , announcing it will outsource advertising space to Google as part of a short - term deal that could lead to a bigger partnership .
As part of a two - week trial , Google - generated ads will appear next to some U.S. search results on Yahoo ( YHOO , Fortune 500 ) .
The experiment raises the possibility that Google could run Yahoo's search advertising service .
Yahoo's move - clearly an attempt to show its unwanted suitor that it has other options - was quickly met with resistance .
Microsoft general counsel Brad Smith suggested that a formal Yahoo - Google alliance would be anticompetitive , and a powerful Congressman warned that he would be watching the two - week test " closely . "
The discussions with Microsoft 's biggest rival come less than a week after Yahoo was given a 3 - week deadline by Microsoft ( MSFT , Fortune 500 ) to negotiate a proposed $ 42 billion buyout or face a drawn - out battle for control of Yahoo 's board .
The test with Google ( GOOG , Fortune 500 ) attempts to show that Yahoo has some bargaining power as it pressures Microsoft to raise its $ 31 - a- share bid .
It also addresses one of Yahoo's biggest challenges : containing costs as the economy slows and revenue growth slips .
If Yahoo can find a partner to help carry the expense of the necessary network operations , it may succeed in its plan to expand its own higher - margin banner ad business .
AOL and Time Warner ( TWX , Fortune 500 ) are now in advanced discussions to combine their Internet operations .
Google also powers search results for AOL , a Time Warner unit and Fortune.com affiliate .
In addition , the New York Times reported Wednesday that Microsoft is talking with News Corp ( NWS , Fortune 500 ) .
about a joint bid for Yahoo .
The limited scope of the Yahoo - Google test and the potential antitrust issues raised by a collaboration between the two largest search players suggests the move will not necessarily be a deal killer for the Microsoft - Yahoo takeover .
Microsoft fired back Wednesday with a warning that a formal Yahoo - Google alliance would give Google too much control over the the search advertising market .
" Any definitive agreement between Yahoo ! and Google would consolidate over 90 % of the search advertising market in Google 's hands , " Smith said in a statement .
" This would make the market far less competitive , in sharp contrast to our own proposal to acquire Yahoo ! "
Meanwhile , Sen. Herb Kohl , a Wisconsin Democrat and chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee 's antitrust subcommittee , said Wednesday he would be " following closely " the Yahoo - Google trial .
" Following closely on the heels of Google 's acquisition of DoubleClick , this Google - Yahoo alliance would represent even further consolidation in the Internet advertising market , " Kohl said in a statement issued shortly after Yahoo made the announcement .
" Should there be moves to make this agreement permanent , we will examine it closely in the Antitrust Subcommittee to ensure that it does not harm competition .
While the experiment suggests a potential partnership between the two search engine giants , Yahoo was quick to de-emphasize the significance of the move .
" The testing does not necessarily mean that Yahoo will join [ Google 's ]
AdSense for Search program or that any further commercial relationship with Google will result , " Yahoo said in a statement .
Yahoo , along with a new effort by large stakeholder Legg Mason , is attempting to show that the company can thrive on its own .
The risk here is that Yahoo may see Microsoft pull its offer leaving Yahoo to actually go it alone .
Legacy of Ashes : The History of the CIA
Tim Weiner
Doubleday ( 2008 )
In 1959 or 1960 , I spent three consecutive evenings in McMillan Theater on the Columbia University campus listening to former president Harry S. Truman deliver a series of speeches .
I remember the man better than what he said : a middle - sized , pink - cheeked old guy in a grey suit , speaking with a high , flat Missouri accent .
I do recall his confidence , especially when he said he'd been right to drop the bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki .
He was a likable man , and he'd fully recovered from his 1940s unpopularity .
What we did n't know , and what he may not have known either , was that he had done more than to fight and win the world 's only nuclear war .
He had been duped into a decision that has shaped the lives of all of us on the planet since 1945 , and that has ruined the lives of most of us .
That decision was to replace the wartime Office of Strategic Services with a new spy service , the Central Intelligence Agency .
Tim Weiner has written this highly critical history of the CIA based entirely " on the record -- no anonymous sources , no blind quotations , no hearsay . . . compiled entirely from firsthand reporting and primary documents . "
Much of what he tells us has been known for decades .
But Weiner strings together events that we might otherwise not connect , and the result is appalling .
Sixty years of failure
Less clearly known is how the CIA managed to get away with 60 years of gross failure .
That failure began with the subversion of Harry Truman 's modest wish to have a reliable source of information .
And in its first decade the CIA struck the themes that have dominated our lives ever since .
Weiner shows that U.S. intelligence barely existed before Pearl Harbor , and imploded within weeks of the war 's end .
During the war itself , intelligence agencies did a fair job , though they needed mentoring and support from the British spy agencies .
The Office of Special Services conducted much of this intelligence , but its real forte was in dropping agents into Nazi- occupied Europe .
Many were lost , but they did manage to do some damage and to support resistance groups .
After the war , suddenly out of a congenial job , some ex-OSS officers managed to persuade Truman that he needed more than just a postwar spy service -- he needed covert operations that would frustrate Soviet plans and advance American interests .
The OSS had been known during the war as Oh So Social , a cozy group of Ivy Leaguers .
They'd had so much fun that they wanted to fight their last war all over again .
Their war , of course , had been a covert matter of dropping saboteurs into occupied Europe .
They went on doing so , in the vain hope that guerilla forces might take over Ukraine or Albania .
In the postwar chaos , however , the Reds had sent their own agents west , and they easily worked their way into the infant CIA 's networks .
Most of the troublemakers dropped behind the Iron Curtain were picked up on arrival and shot .
A few were used to exploit the CIA 's gullibility , sending disinformation back to their handlers .
Meanwhile , the agency was setting up its first overseas prisons , primitive Guantánamos where prisoners could be interrogated without reference to U.S. laws or the Geneva Conventions .
Supposed victories of the 1950s
We 've heard a lot about the CIA 's early covert triumphs : the overthrow of Mossadegh in Iran and Arbenz in Guatemala .
Weiner shows that these were near - disasters , but they set the agency 's course from the Bay of Pigs to Panama and the bribery that really won the opening stages of the war in Afghanistan .
Less well known is the CIA 's success in postwar Japan , where it used money and war criminals to create a bogus democracy .
In Europe , it drew on funds from the Marshall Plan to buy a congenial government in Italy -- while the Poles supported the Italian Communist Party with gold obtained from the CIA 's botched airdrops .
In its first decade the CIA also demonstrated its inability to meet Truman 's original desire : to supply reliable information about what was going on in the rest of the world .
It totally failed to insert agents into Soviet - bloc governments .
Intelligence came from the antennas of the National Security Agency , and from a few Soviet volunteers .
Decades later , a drunk named Aldrich Ames , who " failed upward for 17 years , " gave the Russians the names of every Soviet agent he knew about , and he knew most of them .
After all , he was the CIA 's chief of counterintelligence for the USSR and Eastern Europe .
He also supplied the names and jobs of hundreds of his colleagues .
It took the agency seven years to catch him .
A litany of incompetence
Reading this litany of incompetence , it 's hard to see how the CIA survived even its first decade .
Many of the presidents it served regarded it with contempt and distrust .
But while the CIA could n't fool Soviet counterintelligence , or outsmart Osama Bin Laden , it could always present something that its political masters would swallow : a convenient thug installed in some government , some Soviet helicopters downed by U.S. - supplied missiles in the hands of the mujahideen .
The blowback would come , but on someone else 's watch .
Weiner 's portrait of the agency is probably too one - sided .
No doubt it achieved some covert successes that really did advance American interests , and obtained intelligence that guided American policy .
But even the CIA 's own statement about his book is notably defensive : Yeah , Ames sold our guys out , but they did good work before he nailed them .
What seems clear from Weiner 's book , though , is that the CIA effectively ruined the lives of almost everyone on the planet .
It corrupted democratic governments and backed up dictators .
It gave the Soviets and Chinese good excuses for oppressing their own people .
It trained Osama Bin Laden and then failed to stop him when he turned against the West .
Perhaps we'd have been better off if Secretary of State Henry Stimson , back in 1929 , had n't shut down the U.S. " Black Chamber " that had been decoding foreign messages since 1917 .
" Gentlemen do not read one another 's mail , " he primly explained .
But if Stimson had let a professional intelligence service continue to grow , it would have been well prepared for World War II .
The OSS amateurs would never have got off the ground .
Postwar U.S. governments would have had reliable information .
And the rest of us might have had longer and happier lives .
File photo shows an investor monitoring share prices at a securities company in Shanghai November 12 , 2003 .
REUTERS / Claro Cortes IV
TOKYO ( Reuters ) -
The dollar ’s sharp slide deepened on Monday when it fell to a record low against a basket of major currencies as expectations for more aggressive Federal Reserve interest rate cuts ignited selling of the U.S. currency .
The dollar fell as low as 73.551 .DXY against a basket of six major currencies , taking it to the lowest since the dollar index was started in 1973 .
The drop came as the dollar hit a three - year low against the yen at 103.06 yen , down 0.7 percent on the day , as a sell - off in Wall Street shares last Friday spurred an unwinding of carry trades .
Asian markets were expected to track that fall .
( Recasts and adds analyst comment )
WASHINGTON , Feb 4 ( Reuters ) - Bidding on a key piece of the wireless airwaves being sold by the U.S. government started rising again on Monday after it appeared stalled at the end of last week , according to data released by the Federal Communications Commission on Monday .
A $ 4.71 billion offer made last Thursday for a nationwide package of the “ C ” block of wireless spectrum was surpassed by a combination of eight separate bids for regional pieces of the C - block airwaves that totaled $ 4.74 billion , according to the FCC , which is conducting the auction .
The bidders ’ identities are being kept secret until the entire auction ends , under FCC rules .
But analysts point to Verizon Wireless and Internet search leader Google as the most likely bidders for the C block .
“ This could reflect a continued battle between two original bidders -- most likely Verizon Wireless and Google -- on the C block , or could represent an entirely different bidder or combination of bidders that are exiting the sky - high prices of ( another ) block , ” analysts at Stifel Nicolaus said in a research note .
Bidding on the nationwide package of C - block airwaves stopped late Thursday and Friday .
But on Monday , the FCC received new high bids for five individual regions of the C - block spectrum , pushing the combined offers for all eight regions above the bid for the nationwide package .
It was unclear whether the piecemeal regional bids on Monday had been put together by a single bidder aiming to acquire the entire block of spectrum or were offers from several different suitors , Stifel Nicolaus said .
The high bids cover the U.S. Northeast , Southeast , Central region , West , Alaska , Hawaii , Great Lakes and Mississippi Valley .
The single $ 4.71 billion bid last week exceeded the $ 4.64 billion minimum price set by the FCC and triggered a condition sought by Google Inc GOOG .
O that would make the spectrum accessible to any device or software application .
Whatever company submitted the $ 4.71 billion package bid will have a chance to top the new high bids when the auction resumes on Tuesday morning .
However , if last week ’s high bidder was Google and it was topped on Monday by Verizon , Google may “ fold its hand ” and let Verizon acquire the C - block spectrum , Stifel Nicolaus said .
Analysts have speculated that Google might be aiming to push the bidding far enough to trigger open access , rather than to actually win the auction .
The C block is one of five groups of 700 - megahertz spectrum being offered .
The top bids on Monday totaled $ 18.82 billion for all five blocks , raising more money than any previous FCC auction .
The 700 - megahertz signals are valuable because they can go long distances and penetrate thick walls .
The airwaves are being returned by television broadcasters as they move to digital from analog signals in early 2009 .
Other potential bidders in the auction that began Jan. 24 range from entrenched carriers AT&T Inc T.N and Verizon Wireless to possible new competitors like Google , EchoStar Communications Corp DISH.O and Cablevision Systems Corp CVC.N .
Verizon Wireless is a joint venture of Verizon Communications Inc VZ.N and Vodafone Group Plc VOD.L. ( Reporting by Peter Kaplan ; Editing by Tim Dobbyn , Gary Hill )
( CNN ) --
The World Food Programme on Monday appealed to the international community for money to support its operations in Haiti , where at least four people have died during two days of rioting over the price of food .
" Riots in Haiti underline the additional need for lifesaving food assistance , " said WFP Executive Director Josette Sheeran in a written statement .
" At this critical time , we need to stand with the people of Haiti and other countries hardest hit by rising food prices . "
Thousands of demonstrators on Monday marched through the streets of Haiti 's capital , Port au Prince .
Their dissatisfaction was underscored by piles of tires belching thick black smoke into the air .
Several stores were raided and looted and some cars were torched , said Samuel Madistin , a lawyer in Port - au - Prince .
" We 're hungry , there are no jobs , " said Joseph Orange , an out - of - work translator in Port au Prince .
" It 's really a problem . "
" The cost of living is kind of high , and people do n't have any purchasing power , " said Georges Brunet , a professor of economics in the capital , where students made up many of the demonstrators .
" They are university students with no future , " he said .
" They are hoping to get some revenues to make ends meet .
" Maybe the government will wake up and start making some long - lasting commitments to people , " he added .
Do n't Miss
Food prices rising across the world
On Friday , the United Nations peacekeeping mission in Haiti said the situation was tense in the southwestern town of Les Cayes a day after demonstrations over the rising cost of living there led to an attack against the U.N. office .
Protesters broke into the U.N. compound , ignored warning shots and stole from two containers , the mission reported .
They burned shops , threw rocks and fired weapons at some of the U.N. workers , though none of the U.N. workers were injured .
A report by the secretary - general on the U.N. stabilization mission in Haiti , written March 26 and delivered Monday to the U.N. Security Council , noted that Haitians ' hardship had been exacerbated by recent price hikes and said , " The political situation remains fragile . "
The U.N. food agency first appealed last month for $ 500 million to help offset an estimated 55 percent increase in the price of food and fuel since last June .
Unrest linked to the cost of food and fuel has occurred not only in Haiti -- the poorest country in the western hemisphere 's -- but in Burkina Faso , Cameroon , Egypt , Indonesia , Ivory Coast , Mauritania , Mozambique and Senegal , according to the program .
Malnutrition is particularly acute in Haiti , where the average Haitian diet contains just 1,640 calories , 460 calories short of the typical 2,100 daily requirement , the agency said .
WFP said it has received only 13 percent ( $ 12.4 million ) of the $ 96 million it needs to help 1.7 million people in Haiti .
" What we see in Haiti is what we 're seeing in many of our operations around the world -- rising prices that mean less food for the hungry , " said WFP 's Sheeran .
" A new face of hunger is emerging : even where food is available on the shelves , there are now more and more people who simply cannot afford it . "
Eighty percent of the 8.7 million Haitians live in poverty and 54 percent live in abject poverty , according to the CIA 's World Factbook .
E-mail to a friend
All About Haiti • Hunger
In case you have a building that requires inspection , you have to ensure that the job is done thoroughly .
The job should only be carried out by professional building inspectors who have the right knowledge and skills on how the process should be conducted .
It will cost you money because of the fees charged by the inspectors , but this should never deter you from working with them .
So , why is it necessary to hire building inspectors ?
Prevent unwanted surprise that might arise
When you hire a professional for your building inspections project , you can be sure that you will not get unwanted surprises that might arise afterwards .
A good inspector provides you with a comprehensive report that indicates the actual condition of the entire building .
If you want to sell the building , they will help you understand what you need to do before you can list it in the market .
For instance , they will detect issues that require repair before you sell or buy a house .
Building inspections is their full - time job
Doing building inspections is a job that requires both time and efforts .
If you think you can do it by yourself , you might be supposed to realise that you can take months before you are through .
The advantage of working with building inspectors is that this is their full - time job .
They have all the time to perform a thorough inspection and recognise all issues .
A house that is inspected thoroughly usually attracts buyers fast .
As a seller , you do not get into problems with buyers in case they find defects and ask you to do repairs .
Help determine your building condition
If you have plans to resell your building , it is essential you carry out inspection .
On the other hand , if you want to buy a building , you should have it inspected before you close the deal with your seller .
A reputable inspector helps you understand the actual condition of your building before you sell or buy .
They help you know if your building has issues such as drainage or pest infestations that need to be addressed immediately .
They create an unbiased report , so you can rely on it to take the right action .
Understands the set regulations and standards
Building inspectors have knowledge of all the standards and regulations that building must adhere to .
Thus , they will do the work knowing what they are looking for or the standards they should expect the building to meet .
Note that there are also some measures that require to be met doing building inspections .
With a professional , you can be sure to get a report that will assist you to do the necessary repairs that make the building meet the standards set by the authorities .
It is a requirement to hire inspectors
In most cases , building authorities like https://www.house-inspections.com.au will not accept a report that is not prepared by a professional .
So , you might end up wasting a lot of time doing the inspection to be turned down by the authorities .
To avoid all these problems , it is good to hire a building inspector .
His books are selling like hot cakes made out of gold , J. Kerry 's got his back and he 's bringing peace to Kenya ( kinda ) .
For just losing the incredibly important New Hampshire primary , Barack Obama is looking good .
[ N.B . Like , really good .
Like he is soooooooooo cute :P ]
Why is this ?
Some graphic designers say Obama 's success might have something to do with his logo , a highly mutable cross between a flag , an O , a sunset a field , and Kelly Kreth 's winking starfish .
As is widely known , Americans like pretty things .
Obamalogornography after the jump .
Microsoft has signed a similar deal with MGM studios , making the James Bond and Rocky series available for download on the Xbox .
Speaking of Xbox , the president of the entertainment and devices division , Robbie Bach , will announce tonight that 2007 was the best year ever for game consoles , particularly Xbox .
The device , its accessories and software generated a staggering $ 3.5 billion in total revenue , $ 1 billion ahead of Nintendo 's Wii and $ 2 billion ahead of Sony 's Playstation .
Xbox Live , the company 's online service is also surging , despite recent problems of widespread outages .
Membership has exceeded 10 million members , a plateau six months ahead of schedule .
Zune , Microsoft 's mobile media player , also launched the interactive Zune Social recently .
In just six weeks , Microsoft will report tonight that 1.5 million users have signed up for the service , far ahead of the company 's internal projections .
Gates highlighted the convergence of many technologies , that flat screens are everywhere and that mobile devices will be ever smarter .
Microsoft , he said is better positioned to take advantage of all these key trends .
But it 's the growth of these key sectors for the company , and the new content partnerships that will move these shares and grab the most headlines .
Gates will also announce that Microsoft has now sold 100 million Vista licenses , making it by far the fastest operating software adoption ever .
It 's a figure also well ahead of Microsoft 's own internal forecasts for Vista sales .
The speech is just beginning with literally thousands of media on hand .
Stay with us on Monday when Robbie Bach will join me in a first on CNBC interview at the top of " Squawk on the Street . "
Questions ?
Comments ?
TechCheck@cnbc.com
Get the stories that matter to you sent straight to your inbox with our daily newsletter .
Subscribe
Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
COCAINE users were yesterday warned their habit is killing the planet .
Police heard using just two grammes of the Class A drug is the equivalent to devastating an area of tropical forest the size of a club dancefloor .
Cutting down the rainforest to grow coca for cocaine is also endangering wildlife and devastating the environment , Colombian Government spokeswoman Ana Maria Caballero reported .
She warned : " It is a silent environmental catastrophe ... about 2.2 million hectares up in flames . "
The Association of Chief Police Officers in Scotland 's drugs conference at Turnberry , Ayrshire , heard evidence of the environmental catastrophe .
Miss Caballero told users : " If you are driving a hybrid electric vehicle and doing cocaine at a party once a month , you might as well be driving a Hummer . "
Photo : Jeff Riedel
Mike Bloomberg may well be , as consensus opinion has it , a strikingly effective problem - solving technocrat , but there ’s at least one area in which his administration has plainly , if quietly , failed : homelessness .
The mayor walked into City Hall in 2002 vowing to end homelessness as we know it , and eventually promised to reduce the shelter rolls by two - thirds or more .
Yet the numbers not only have n’t fallen , they ’ve gone up .
The most current estimates place 34,776 people in the shelter system , almost 4,000 more than there were at the start of his first term , with another 3,000 or more on the streets .
During the last big homeless crisis of the eighties , by comparison , the shelter population topped out at 28,737 .
“ If these were Ray Kelly ’s numbers , ” says Mary Brosnahan , the executive director of the Coalition for the Homeless , “ the city would be in an uproar . ”
Yes , the real - estate boom raised rents beyond the reach of many people , and Albany was slow to help the city build new low - income housing .
But it was Bloomberg , homeless advocates say , who tried to radically reinvent the way the city engages with homeless people .
Only in this case , his ambitious attempt at reform just did n’t work .
The roots of the mayor ’s failure can be traced back to the early eighties , when judges in several major lawsuits effectively guaranteed the right to shelter here , making New York the only big city in the nation where no one who needs a bed can be refused one .
From Ed Koch on down , every mayor has faced the seemingly impossible task of complying with the courts without bankrupting the city , only inevitably to fail .
Bloomberg sought to break the cycle .
In December 2004 , he launched a radical new program called Housing Stability Plus , or HSP .
Under this plan , qualified homeless families still got free apartments , only now they were paid for by the city , not the state or federal government , and the subsidy would disappear over five years .
The idea was to take control of the problem and add an incentive to motivate people out of homelessness , and off the dole forever .
The HSP program quickly backfired .
The city funded 10,000 new leases for homeless families , but as many as 60 percent of those leases eventually had problems — often because the tenants could n’t afford the rent when their subsidy was interrupted .
Critics say that many HSP families became homeless again , cycling back into the shelter system ( though the city disputes this ) ;
Bloomberg , they say , was blind to how hard it would be for families to start improving their lives .
By mid-2006 , the number of homeless families was creeping upward again .
Last spring , the city scrapped HSP and replaced it with a hodgepodge of new housing programs .
The new goal is to offer a menu of options tailored to an individual ’s needs .
One only gives apartments to homeless people who have jobs ; another is for homeless people with fixed incomes from Social Security ; a third offers short - term help for the recently evicted .
It ’s too soon to tell if these initiatives are working , but it ’s clear that Bloomberg still intends to radically overhaul homeless assistance .
“ We ’re not going to assume everyone needs a long - term subsidy , ” says Robert Hess , the present homeless commissioner .
“ There are an awful lot of families that , given hope and a hand up , and an opportunity , will be just fine on their own and much happier for it . ”
Perhaps the administration ’s boldest experiment to date involves people outside the shelter system .
Bloomberg has put particular pressure on Hess to get the numbers of street people down before the end of his term , and last fall , the homeless commissioner debuted a closely watched plan for people who sleep on subway grates or on stoops or in encampments .
Where once the city would have offered a bed to street people only if they agreed to stop doing drugs or enter a mental - health program , now it ’s offering them their own apartments first — a shabby but safe single - room unit , say — with no strings attached .
The hope is that getting people their own home , however basic , will act as a gateway for them to accept additional help .
The city is claiming at least short - term results ; the street - homeless numbers have dropped dramatically , and Hess argues that reducing street homelessness is a better measure of success than reducing the shelter population .
But , of course , there are critics .
Conservatives say the program is a handout that does nothing to discourage the root causes of homelessness .
And although many homeless advocates support the program , some see problems in how it ’s being applied .
“ In many places , they ’re relocating vulnerable adults to substandard housing , ” says Legal Aid chief attorney Steven Banks .
“ We ’ve seen repeated instances of people having to return to the shelter system . ”
From February 4 at 3 p.m. to February 5 at 6 a.m. , photographer Jeff Riedel and I combed Manhattan and the Bronx to meet homeless New Yorkers .
They were n’t hard to find .
Here is a sampling .
Damian 3:30 a.m. , Harlem William Thompson 5:30 p.m. , the Bronx Lorenzo 9 p.m. , the Bronx Connie 2 a.m. , Upper West Side Nancy Quinn Midnight , the Bronx Lorraine Zier 5 a.m. , midtown
Photo : Jeff Riedel
Damian
3:30 a.m. , Harlem
It ’s known as the Bat Cave , a long alleyway at 134th Street and Broadway , just north of the Harlem Fairway store .
In 2006 , the city started clearing homeless encampments , including this one .
Damian , 38 , is one of a few people who have stayed .
Tonight , the holdouts are drinking around a fire in a garbage can .
Damian ’s been living here for two years , and on the street for six .
He collects cans for money and washes up at a shelter .
He does n’t sleep there , though .
“ Every time I got something valuable , they ’d steal it , ” he says .
When his mother comes by the Bat Cave looking for him , Damian hides .
Photo : Jeff Riedel
William Thompson
5:30 p.m. , the Bronx
Chickens , dogs , and a cat or two roam around William Thompson ’s secondhand trailer .
They remind him of the North Carolina farm where he grew up .
The 63 - year - old former drug addict , cancer survivor , and widower has been living for more than a decade on a dirt lot on the Bronx side of the Harlem River .
A neighborhood church owns the land ; Thompson does mechanical work for local businesses to pay the church $ 75 a month in rent .
His gas generator powers a small refrigerator and lights in his trailer , and a butane - fueled heater keeps him warm .
But on cold nights , the butane often runs out while he ’s asleep .
His previous setup burned to the ground a few years ago .
With fuel and food costing him more than $ 40 a day , Thompson ’s $ 700 Social Security check does n’t last long .
Outreach workers tried for years to get him off the street , but he refused .
The police roll by twice a night , so he feels safe .
He even has a cell phone .
Here , he says , “ I ’m free . ”
Just this month , however , Thompson agreed to move into a single - room apartment under the new city program that gives chronically homeless people housing , with no strings attached .
Thompson says he ’s getting old .
“ If I catch a cold , I ’m gone . ”
Photo : Jeff Riedel
Lorenzo
9 p.m. , the Bronx
Lorenzo is one of a handful of people who live in a shallow space below an on -ramp connecting the parking lot of Yankee Stadium to the Major Deegan Expressway .
His section has a ceiling that ’s four feet high ; he spends most of his time in a sort of permanent crouch , or asleep on one of the mattresses he ’s dragged in from the garbage .
In the morning he lights a charcoal stove to make coffee and then leaves to collect bottles and cans .
On a good day he ’ll make $ 50 , most of which , he says , goes toward vodka and beer .
“ This place is n’t dangerous , ” says the 55 - year - old Mexican immigrant , who says he started drinking in the sixth grade .
“ I thought about moving , but the alcoholism gets in the way .
That ’s the truth . ”
When city outreach workers first met Lorenzo , he was sleeping under another part of the on -ramp with an even lower ceiling .
They had to crawl on their stomachs to talk to him .
Now they come almost every night to check on Lorenzo and offer him a place to sleep .
Sometimes he takes them up on it .
Permanent housing is another matter .
The social workers are n’t sure yet if he ’s documented ; if he is n’t , he ’ll have no benefit checks that could pay for a place to live .
Photo : Jeff Riedel
Connie
2 a.m. , Upper West Side
“ I have a lot of names , ” says the man sitting under some scaffolding outside a vacant Upper West Side storefront at 2 a.m.
Call him Connie , he says — that ’s what his father called him .
He left home early — his parents had issues , he says — and has been homeless most of his life .
He avoids the shelter system and social services .
“ Paperwork , rules , questions .
I prefer getting stuff on my own . ”
He lives on about $ 15 a day in panhandled donations .
“ It ’s enough to survive if you can get free clothes , free food . ”
Until recently he lived near Tompkins Square , “ but it ’s more civilized here , ” he says .
The Upper East Side is where he gets the most static : “ The cops do n’t like it when you ’re too close to the mayor ’s place . ”
Connie says he does n’t do drugs .
“ There never was a salesman that could entice . ”
Tonight , he ’s eating a mound of moist coffee grounds from a paper cup , like it ’s a scoop of ice cream .
“ El Pico coffee , ” he says .
“ It ’s good .
It ’s like a cough medicine — a multipurpose medicine . ”
Photo : Jeff Riedel
Nancy Quinn
Midnight , the Bronx
For the past year , Nancy Quinn has lived on a long , narrow patch of dirt under a four - lane overpass in the South Bronx , a few feet from the Bronx River .
To get there , she walks the length of the overpass , dodges two lanes of traffic , hops over a Jersey barrier , negotiates a steep hill of mud , and steps around a drooping chain - link fence .
Her bed is an old box spring she found in the garbage , lined with a sleeping bag and a few comforters .
She ’s set up two wooden benches on either side of the bed , a plywood table where she eats , bins for her clothes , and a makeshift standing mirror .
The river is her toilet .
In warm weather , she washes in the river , too ; otherwise , she uses a McDonald ’s bathroom .
She wears clothes found in the garbage .
Tonight , she ’s got on a brown baseball cap with a Colombo Yogurt logo and a blue - and - white windbreaker .
She ’s 39 but looks older .
Her hair is long , brown , and greasy , and her pale complexion is marred by a big bruise around her right eye .
It ’s a souvenir from a fight with someone she owed money .
“ I was getting something from a dealer , and he saw it and just punched me right in the eye .
Broad daylight .
I took it , and I walked away .
I mean , what am I gonna do ? ”
It ’s a cold night — we can see our breath — but under the overpass , Nancy ’s warm .
“ I got , like , six blankets here , ” she says , laughing and coughing at the same time .
The river bubbles .
The glow of a streetlamp shines on the water like moonlight .
“ The river ’s peaceful to me , ” she says .
She ’s been homeless now for almost four years , moving from place to place .
She says she likes this spot the best , but as the night goes on , she talks about the sacrifices she ’s made , the three children she rarely , if ever , sees — a teenager , a 4 - year - old , and a 2 - year - old .
Talking about the children makes Nancy cry —long , low sobs .
Soon enough , though , she ’s better .
“ I love to cry , ” she says .
It ’s one of the reasons she wo n’t take Prozac .
“ When I ’m on the mental meds , I do n’t like the way I feel , ” she says .
“ I ’m not Nancy . ”
This Nancy is a lifelong drug addict , a sexual - abuse victim , and a prostitute .
For the past three years , she has awoken most days in the late afternoon with no money in her pocket .
She says it ’s safer to spend everything she has — you ca n’t get ripped off that way .
She keeps a bottle of water ready to wash her face and brush her teeth .
Once she ’s cleaned up , she ’ll comb the sidewalk outside searching for used cigarette butts — “ floor models , ” she calls them .
“ Nicotine is a bitch , ” she says .
“ I ’ve got to smoke some nicotine in me before I even try to make any money .
Otherwise I ’m a real crank .
People do n’t like me when I ’m cranky . ”
Then she ’ll hit the stroll , up on Bryant Avenue .
“ I call myself a self - employed street vendor .
My license is my HIV - negative paper .
You know what I ’m saying ? ”
She charges $ 20 for blow jobs , $ 30 for sex , $ 40 for “ half - and - half , ” which means both .
On a good night , she makes between $ 100 and $ 150 .
She spends most of what she earns on crack — $ 5 for nickel bags , $ 10 for dime bags .
When she comes back to where she sleeps , the sun is usually coming up , and she ’ll be “ either high or wishing I was . ”
That ’s when she likes to take a hit from her pipe and belt out “ my rock and roll shit ” : Guns N’ Roses , the Stones , Kiss .
She ’ll read for a few hours —
Dean Koontz , the Bible , whatever ’s around — until she ’s wound down enough to pass out .
She has one or two friends — a guy she called T came by as we talked and gave her a cigarette when she asked for it — but most of the time , Nancy is alone .
“ I have no pimp , ” she says , suddenly giggling .
“ You want to hear something bad ?
You want to know who my pimp is ?
My stem is my pimp .
My crack pipe . ”
Outreach workers from the Citizens Advice Bureau , a nonprofit group that keeps tabs on chronically homeless people , come by every few nights to check on Nancy .
She enjoys the visits — they ’re like social calls to her .
But when they ’ve offered her shelter , she ’s refused .
She knows that shelters typically require people to stop using , or at least enter a rehab program or get counseling .
“ The thing is , when a person wants to get clean , they have to get clean for themselves . ”
Last year , however , something happened that started to make Nancy think about getting off the streets .
Her oldest son , who ’s now 14 , reappeared in her life .
For a time , Nancy had been hiding from everyone , but her ex-husband and mother - in - law had found her and reached out to her on his behalf , and Nancy finally agreed to see him .
He ’s been to her place under the overpass a number of times since .
She talks about her son like any proud mother .
“ Oh , my son is gorgeous — a beautiful young man with a beautiful heart . ”
But seeing him also reminds her of how far she ’s fallen .
“ My mother - in - law came to me a few months ago and said , ‘ Nancy , he ’s turning out just like you . ’ ” Now she ’s crying .
“ Like , there was this scare with him .
My ex got called to his school because my son decided to cut himself and write something like ‘ Die ’ in blood on the school wall .
My son sometimes feels like nobody gives a damn about him .
And that scares me . ”
Three weeks after I first met Nancy , the outreach team convinced her to accept a free room in an apartment house about a half - mile from the underpass , as part of the new citywide shelter - first initiative .
Nancy told me she was tired ; she decided to give it a try .
The night the outreach workers handed her the keys , Nancy was thrilled .
She loved the electricity , the shower .
“ As soon as I had the keys , I stripped naked and lay down on the blanket .
I pulled my book out , and I was lying there reading , and the next thing I knew , it was the middle of the night . ”
But at 2:50 a.m. that same night , Nancy was found with half a bag of crack near 180th Street and Morris Park Avenue .
She was arrested and charged with a class - A misdemeanor , her 39th arrest on record with the Bronx D.A. ’s office .
At her arraignment , she took a plea and was sent to Rikers Island for seven days .
I found Nancy again the day after she was released — but below the underpass , not at her new apartment .
Since she ’d left Rikers , Nancy had n’t gone back to her new room at all .
She ’d spent that afternoon turning tricks on Bryant Avenue .
We sat by the river together , eating McDonald ’s , and I asked her why she came back here , under the bridge .
Before she answered , she asked if she could take a break .
Then she lit her pipe .
“ I do n’t want to smoke there , ” she said .
“ I do n’t want to bring this there .
I do n’t want to bring that shit to my home , to my new home , and screw everything up again .
I do n’t want to do that . ”
Then Nancy was crying again .
“ The things that I ’ve done for this stupid shit , ” she said .
“ I ’m leaving one home for another . ”
But she knows she wants it both ways .
She wants to move to start a new life , but not if it means giving up her old life .
Here ’s how it works , she says :
She ’ll go to the new apartment after she makes some money and buys some drugs and food .
“ I want to get nice and high , I need something to eat , and then I can go there and lie down . ”
Photo : Jeff Riedel
Lorraine Zier
5 a.m. , midtown
Lorraine Zier has been homeless since she moved here from Florida three years ago .
For most of that time , she ’s slept on a grate outside St. Francis House on West 31st Street .
Early on , she took city placement in an SRO , but she says her neighbors argued all the time , so she went back outside .
Zier makes some money from collecting cans , and she ’s eligible for food stamps .
An organization called the Midnight Run comes by and gives her clothes .
When she wants a shower , she goes to a drop - in center .
She gets free meals from several churches and synagogues .
When it ’s cold , she scrapes together $ 10 or $ 12 and buys a round - trip bus pass to Foxwoods or Mohegan Sun , where she can warm up inside the casinos for a day .
“ I do n’t have enough money to gamble , ” she says , “ but they give you coupons to eat for free at the buffets . ”
Lorraine says her family drove her to the streets .
“ They resented me .
They do n’t care about me .
They do n’t love me at all . ”
Would she go home if her family found her and wanted her back ?
“ No , ” she says .
“ I do not love them .
You can put that in there . ”
Drug detection times indicate the period after you last used a drug .
Drug testing can reveal its presence or resulting metabolites in your specimen .
Drug detection times are affected by frequency of use , type of specimen , test method , cutoff levels , metabolism , and other factors .
The time table below was designed to help you understand the variety of drugs , their common names , medical usage , and the period of time they may be detected in the body .
It includes commonly - abused drugs , such as marijuana , cocaine , hash , methamphetamine and other amphetamines .
The detection periods refer to Urine , Blood and Saliva specimens .
All substances will remain in the hair follicle until the specified period of usage is cut off .
Most hair tests will test for a period of 90 to 120 days depending on growth .
The urinalysis test is the most commonly - used drug testing method in today .
Substance Common Drug Names Medical Uses Drug Detection
Times Stimulants Amphetamine Biphetamine , Dexedrine ; Black Beauties , White Crosses Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder ( ADHD ) , obesity , narcolepsy 2 - 5 days Cocaine Coke , Crack , Snow Local anesthetic , vasoconstrictor 2 - 5 days Methamphetamine Desoxyn ; Crank , Crystal , Glass , Ice , Speed ADHD , obesity , narcolepsy 3 - 5 days Methylphenidate Ritalin ADHD , narcolepsy 1 - 2 days Nicotine Habitrol patch , Nicorette gum , Nicotrol spray , Prostep patch ; Cigars , Cigarettes , Smokeless tobacco , Snuff , Spit tobacco Treatment for nicotine dependence 4 - 10 days Hallucinogens and Other Compounds LSD Acid , Microdot None 7- 10 days Mescaline Buttons , Cactus , Mesc , Peyote None 5 - 7 days Phencyclidine & Analogs PCP ; Angel Dust , Boat , Hog , Love Boat Anesthetic ( veterinary ) 2 - 8 days Psilocybin Magic Mushroom , Purple Passion , Shrooms None 5 - 7 days Amphetamine variants DOB , DOM , MDA , MDMA ; Adam , Ecstasy , STP , XTC None 5 - 7 days Marijuana Blunt , Grass , Herb , Pot , Reefer , Chronic , Smoke , Weed Limited , Analgesic See Marijuana Usage Chart Hashish Hash Limited , Analgesic See Hashish Usage Chart Tetrahydrocannabinol Marinol , THC Antiemetic See THC Usage Chart Anabolic Steroids Testosterone ( T/E ratio ) , Stanazolol , Nandrolone Hormone Replacement Therapy Oral : up to 3 weeks ( for testosterone and others ) ;
Injected : up to 3 months ( Nandrolone up to 9 months ) Opiates and Morphine Derivatives Codeine Tylenol w/ codeine , Robitussin A -C , Empirin w/ codeine , Fiorinal w/ codeine Analgesic , antitussive 5 - 7 days Heroin Diacetylmorphine ; Horse , Smack None 5 - 7 days Methadone Amidone , Dolophine , Methadose Analgesic , treatment for opiate dependence 5 - 7 days Morphine Roxanol , Duramorph Analgesic 5 - 7 days Opium Laudanum , Paregoric ; Dover 's Powder Analgesic , antidiarrheal 5 - 7 days Depressants Alcohol Beer , Wine , Liquor Antidote for methanol poisoning 24 - 48 hours Barbiturates Amytal , Nembutal , Seconal , Phenobarbital ; Barbs Anesthetic , anticonvulsant , hypnotic , sedative 2 days - 4 weeks Benzodiazepines Ativan , Halcion , Librium , Rohypnol , Valium ; Roofies , Tranks , Xanax Antianxiety , anticonvulsant , hypnotic , sedative 7 - 10 days Methaqualone Quaalude , Ludes None 2 weeks
Marijuana Detection Time Based on Usage Usage at 1 time only 5 - 8 days Usage at 2 - 4 times per month 11 - 18 days Usage at 2 - 4 times week 23 - 35 days Usage at 5 - 6 times per week 33 - 48 days Daily Usage 49 - 63 days
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Goldman Sachs Group Inc’s and Lehman Brothers Holdings
Inc ’s credit rating outlooks were cut on Friday by Standard & Poor ’s , which said volatile markets could result in lower profit and revenue .
A view of 85 Broad Street where investment bank Goldman Sachs is headquartered in New York , March 5 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Joshua Lott
S&P revised its outlook to “ negative ” from “ stable ” on Goldman ’s “ AA - minus ” and Lehman ’s “ A - plus ” long - term credit ratings , suggesting a possible downgrade in one to two years .
The ratings are S&P ’s fourth - and fifth - highest investment grades , respectively .
Lower credit ratings can result in higher borrowing costs .
Goldman is the largest Wall Street investment bank by market value , and Lehman is the fourth - largest .
Goldman did not immediately return calls seeking comment .
Lehman spokeswoman Kerrie Cohen declined to comment .
Banks have suffered from lower earnings and share prices as the housing crisis , a slowing economy and worries about credit quality led investors to stop buying a wide range of riskier securities .
This has cut into revenue from trading , arranging debt offerings , and advising on mergers .
Several banks have also been cutting jobs , and Bear Stearns Cos agreed last Sunday to a $ 2 - per - share buyout by JPMorgan Chase & Co after a cash crisis .
S&P still has a negative outlook on Merrill Lynch & Co ’s “ A - plus ” credit rating , and expects to decide within 30 days whether to downgrade Morgan Stanley ’s “ AA - minus ” rating .
The credit rating agency said net revenue in the industry may decline 20 percent to 30 percent this year .
“ Market volatility and the possibility of further weakening of economic activity may result in a more substantial fall in revenues , ” possibly resulting in one - notch downgrades , said Paul Coughlin , S&P ’s head of corporate and government ratings , on a conference call .
“ ROUGH ” ENVIRONMENT
The Federal Reserve this month announced several steps to make it easier for financial services firms to borrow .
It also extended a $ 30 billion credit line to JPMorgan to finance Bear ’s most illiquid assets .
Actions by the central bank “ alleviate much of the concerns that we have about near - term liquidity conditions , ” S&P analyst Scott Sprinzen said .
“ However , we still view the environment as rough near - term for the five broker - dealers . ”
S&P said Goldman has very strong liquidity , but that its emphasis on trading and “ aggressive ” risk appetite expose it to potential for “ major missteps . ”
It also said Lehman has a stable base of funding and strong fundamentals , but could suffer “ severely ” if the market turns against it .
Sprinzen said Goldman , Merrill and Morgan Stanley also have a “ clear advantage ” over Lehman , the largest U.S. mortgage underwriter , because they are more diversified .
On Tuesday , Goldman reported its fiscal first - quarter profit fell 53 percent to $ 1.51 billion , or $ 3.23 per share , while Lehman reported a 57 percent decline in its quarterly profit to $ 489 million , or 81 cents per share .
Both results topped analyst forecasts .
Morgan Stanley on Wednesday said its profit fell 42 percent , also topping forecasts .
Separately , Goldman is planning to cut up to 15 percent of the work force in its capital markets unit , the New York Post said on Friday , citing sources familiar with the matter .
Citigroup Inc , the largest U.S. bank by assets , is cutting 2,000 more trading and investment banking jobs than it had announced in January , a person briefed on the matter said .
On Thursday , Goldman shares closed at $ 179.63 , while Lehman closed at $ 48.65 .
The shares have fallen a respective 16 percent and 26 percent this year , but in the last three days , Goldman jumped 19 percent and Lehman soared 53 percent .
Colombia 's Uribe Faked FARC Laptop Documents by Greg Palast
Friday Mar 7th , 2008 1:07 PM
$ 300 MILLION FROM CHAVEZ
TO FARC A FAKE
Friday , March 6 , 2008 for TomPaine.com/Ourfuture.org
By Greg Palast
Do you believe this ?
This past weekend , Colombia invaded Ecuador , killed a guerrilla chief in the jungle , opened his laptop – and what did the Colombians find ?
A message to Hugo Chavez that he sent the FARC guerrillas $ 300 million – which they ’re using to obtain uranium to make a dirty bomb !
That ’s what George Bush tells us .
And he got that from his buddy , the strange right - wing President of Colombia , Alvaro Uribe .
So : After the fact , Colombia justifies its attempt to provoke a border war as a way to stop the threat of WMDs !
Uh , where have we heard that before ?
The US press snorted up this line about Chavez ’ $ 300 million to “ terrorists ” quicker than the young Bush inhaling Colombia ’s powdered export .
What the US press did not do is look at the evidence , the email in the magic laptop .
( Presumably , the FARC leader ’s last words were , “ Listen , my password is …. ” )
I read them .
( You can read them here )
While you can read it all in español , here is , in translation , the one and only mention of the alleged $ 300 million from Chavez :
“… With relation to the 300 , which from now on we will call “ dossier , ” efforts are now going forward at the instructions of the boss to the cojo [ slang term for ‘ cripple ’ ] , which I will explain in a separate note .
Let ’s call the boss Ángel , and the cripple Ernesto . ”
Got that ?
Where is Hugo ?
Where ’s 300 million ?
And 300 what ?
Indeed , in context , the note is all about the hostage exchange with the FARC that Chavez was working on at the time ( December 23 , 2007 ) at the request of the Colombian government .
Indeed , the entire remainder of the email is all about the mechanism of the hostage exchange .
Here ’s the next line :
“ To receive the three freed ones , Chavez proposes three options : Plan A .
Do it to via of a ‘ humanitarian caravan ’ ; one that will involve Venezuela , France , the Vatican [ ? ] , Switzerland , European Union , democrats [ civil society ] , Argentina , Red Cross , etc . ”
As to the 300 , I must note that the FARC ’s previous prisoner exchange involved 300 prisoners .
Is that what the ‘ 300 ’ refers to ?
¿ Quien sabe ?
Unlike Uribe , Bush and the US press , I wo n’t guess or make up a phastasmogoric story about Chavez mailing checks to the jungle .
To bolster their case , the Colombians claim , with no evidence whatsoever , that the mysterious “ Angel ” is the code name for Chavez .
But in the memo , Chavez goes by the code name … Chavez .
Well , so what ?
This is what . . . .
Colombia ’s invasion into Ecuador is a rank violation of international law , condemned by every single Latin member of the Organization of American States .
But George Bush just loved it .
He called Uribe to back Colombia , against , “ the continuing assault by narco - terrorists as well as the provocative maneuvers by the regime in Venezuela . ”
Well , our President may have gotten the facts ass - backward , but Bush knows what he ’s doing : shoring up his last , faltering ally in South America , Uribe , a desperate man in deep political trouble .
Uribe claims he is going to bring charges against Chavez before the International Criminal Court .
If Uribe goes there in person , I suggest he take a toothbrush : it was just discovered that right - wing death squads held murder - planning sessions at Uribe ’s ranch .
Uribe ’s associates have been called before the nation ’s Supreme Court and may face prison .
In other words , it ’s a good time for a desperate Uribe to use that old politico ’s wheeze , the threat of war , to drown out accusations of his own criminality .
Furthermore , Uribe ’s attack literally killed negotiations with FARC by killing FARC ’s negotiator , Raul Reyes .
Reyes was in talks with both Ecuador and Chavez about another prisoner exchange .
Uribe authorized the negotiations .
However , Uribe knew , should those talks have succeeded in obtaining the release of those kidnapped by the FARC , credit would have been heaped on Ecuador and Chavez , and discredit heaped on Uribe .
Luckily for a hemisphere on the verge of flames , the President of Ecuador , Raphael Correa , is one of the most level - headed , thoughtful men I ’ve ever encountered .
Correa is now flying from Quito to Brazilia to Caracas to keep the region from blowing sky high .
While moving troops to his border – no chief of state can permit foreign tanks on their sovereign soil – Correa also refuses sanctuary to the FARC .
Indeed , Ecuador has routed out 47 FARC bases , a better track record than Colombia ’s own , corrupt military .
For his cool , peaceable handling of the crisis , I will forgive Correa for apologizing for his calling Bush , “ a dimwitted President who has done great damage to his country and the world . ”
( Watch an excerpt of my interview with Correa here . )
Amateur Hour in Blue
We can trust Correa to keep the peace South of the Border .
But can we trust our Presidents - to - be ?
The current man in the Oval Office , George Bush , simply can’t help himself : an outlaw invasion by a right - wing death - squad promoter is just fine with him .
But guess who could n’t wait to parrot the Bush line ?
Hillary Clinton , still explaining that her vote to invade Iraq was not a vote to invade Iraq , issued a statement nearly identical to Bush ’s , blessing the invasion of Ecuador as Colombia ’s “ right to defend itself . ”
And she added , “ Hugo Chávez must stop these provoking actions . ”
Huh ?
I assumed that Obama would n’t jump on this landmine – especially after he was blasted as a foreign policy amateur for suggesting he would invade across Pakistan ’s border to hunt terrorists .
It ’s embarrassing that Barack repeated Hillary ’s line nearly verbatim , announcing , “ the Colombian government has every right to defend itself . ”
( I ’m sure Hillary ’s position was n’t influenced by the loan of a campaign jet to her by Frank Giustra .
Giustra has given over a hundred million dollars to Bill Clinton projects .
Last year , Bill introduced Giustra to Colombia ’s Uribe .
On the spot , Giustra cut a lucrative deal with Uribe for Colombian oil . )
Then there ’s Mr. War Hero .
John McCain weighed in with his own idiocies , announcing that , “ Hugo Chavez is establish[ing ] a dictatorship , ” presumably because , unlike George Bush , Chavez counts all the votes in Venezuelan elections .
But now our story gets tricky and icky .
The wise media critic Jeff Cohen told me to watch for the press naming McCain as a foreign policy expert and labeling the Democrats as amateurs .
Sure enough , the New York Times , on the news pages Wednesday , called McCain , “ a national security pro . ”
McCain is the “ pro ” who said the war in Iraq would cost nearly nothing in lives or treasury dollars .
But , on the Colombian invasion of Ecuador , McCain said , “ I hope that tensions will be relaxed , President Chavez will remove those troops from the borders - as well as the Ecuadorians - and relations continue to improve between the two . ”
It ’s not quite English , but it ’s definitely not Bush .
And weirdly , it ’s definitely not Obama and Clinton cheerleading Colombia ’s war on Ecuador .
Democrats , are you listening ?
The only thing worse than the media attacking Obama and Clinton as amateurs is the Democratic candidates ’ frightening desire to prove them right .
******************
The European Space Agency has carried out the maiden launch of a massive robot freighter designed to rendezvous automatically with the orbital space station .
The Automated Transfer Vehicle ( ATV ) , a nearly 20 - tonne payload the size of a London double - decker bus , blasted into the skies aboard a beefed - up Ariane 5 launcher .
After being placed in orbit , the cylinder - shaped craft will deploy its solar panels and gently find its way to the International Space Station ( ISS ) and berth with it .
The launch had initially been scheduled for Saturday but was postponed for further checks .
The ATV will deliver seven and a half tonnes of food , water , pressurised air , fuel and personal items to the ISS crew .
After docking , the ATV will use its engines to propel the station , which is being gently tugged earthwards by terrestrial gravity and lingering atmospheric molecules , to a safer height in low orbit .
After six months or so , the craft will detach from the ISS , taking with it rubbish accumulated during the station 's mission .
The trash and freighter will then safely disintegrate over the Pacific , mission scientists say .
Weighing 11 tonnes unloaded , measuring 10.3 metres long and 4.5 metres wide and laden with hi-tech optical navigation , docking sensors and communications equipment , the ATV has cost ESA 1.3 billion euros ( $ 2.16 billion ) .
The payload , handled by an Ariane 5 ES , is the biggest undertaken by ESA yet .
It will be placed in orbit at an altitude of 260 kilometres , and then take about two weeks to edge up to the ISS , in order to test its systems and wait patiently for the departure of a US space shuttle , the Endeavour , before docking with the station .
Deployment of the ATV has been put off for some four years because of delays in assembling the ISS after the loss of the shuttle Columbia in February 2003 .
The first ATV is named after Jules Verne , the French author who pioneered science fiction .
Four more cargo ships are in the works , with their assembly and launch each costing just over 300 million euros .
Europe 's other major contribution to the ISS has been a 1.4 - billion - euro science module which was attached to the burgeoning orbital outpost last month .
The ISS , whose assembly began in 1998 , now has a mass of more than 240 tonnes and is so big that it can be seen at night with the naked eye , perceptible as a small , moving star .
-AFP
Anyone tired of lousy news from the markets should talk to Douglas Lloyd , a director of Venture Business Research , which tracks trends in venture capitalism .
" I expect investment activity in this sector to remain buoyant , " he said recently .
Lloyd 's bouncy mood was inspired by the money that is gushing into private security and defence companies .
He added : " I also see this as a more attractive sector , as many do , than clean energy . "
Got that ?
If you are looking for a sure bet in a new growth market , then sell solar and buy surveillance : forget wind , buy weapons .
This observation - coming from an executive who is trusted by such clients as Goldman Sachs and Marsh & McLennan - deserves particular attention in the run-up to the United Nations climate change conference , which takes place in Bali next week .
There , world environment ministers are supposed to come up with the global pact that will replace the Kyoto agreement .
The Bush administration , still roadblocking firm caps on emissions , wants to let the market solve the crisis .
" We 're on the threshold of dramatic technological breakthroughs , " the American president assured the world last January , adding : " We 'll leave it to the market to decide the mix of fuels that most effectively and efficiently meet this goal . "
The idea that capitalism can save us from climate catastrophe has powerful appeal .
It gives politicians an excuse to subsidise corporations rather than to regulate them ; and it neatly avoids a discussion about how the core market logic of endless growth landed us here in the first place .
The market , however , appears to have other ideas about how to meet the challenges of an increasingly disaster - prone world .
According to Lloyd , the really big money - despite all the government incentives - is turning away from clean - energy technologies , and is banking instead on gadgets that promise to seal wealthy countries and individuals into hi-tech fortresses .
Key growth areas in venture capitalism are private security firms selling surveillance gear and privatised emergency response .
To put it simply , in the world of venture capitalism , there has been a race going on between greens on the one hand , and guns and garrisons on the other - and the guns and garrisons are winning .
According to Venture Business Research , last year North American and European companies developing green technology were neck and neck in the contest for new investment with those companies that focused on " homeland security " and weaponry : green tech received $ 3.5 bn ( £ 1.7bn ) , and so did the guns - and - garrisons sector .
But this year , guns and garrisons have suddenly leapt ahead .
The greens have received $ 4.2bn , while the garrisons have nearly doubled their money , collecting $ 6bn in new investment funds .
And 2007 is n't over yet .
This trend has nothing to do with real supply and demand , since the demand for clean - energy technology could not be higher .
With oil now reaching nearly $ 100 a barrel , it is clear that we badly need green alternatives , both as consumers and as a species .
The latest report from the Nobel prize - winning UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change was characterised by Time magazine as " a final warning to humanity " , while a new Oxfam report makes it clear that the recent wave of natural disasters is no fluke : over the past two decades , the number of extreme weather events has quadrupled .
Conversely , this year has seen no major terrorist events in North America or Europe , there are hints of a United States troop drawdown in Iraq , and , despite the relentless propaganda , there is no imminent threat from Iran .
So why is " homeland security " , not green energy , the hot new sector ?
Perhaps because there are two distinct business models that can respond to our climate and energy crisis .
We can develop policies and technologies to get us off this disastrous course .
Or we can develop policies and technologies to protect us from those we have enraged through resource wars and displaced through climate change , while simultaneously shielding ourselves from the worst of both war and weather .
( The ultimate expression of this second option is in Hummer 's new television adverts : the gas - guzzler is seen carrying its cargo to safety in various disaster zones , followed by the slogan " HOPE : Hummer Owners Prepared for Emergencies " .
It 's a bit like the Marlboro man doing grief counselling in a cancer ward . )
In short , we can choose to fix , or we can choose to fortress .
Environmental activists and scientists have been yelling for the fix .
The homeland security sector , on the other hand , believes the future lies in fortresses .
Though 9/11 launched this new economy , many of the original counterterrorism technologies are being retro-fitted as privatised emergency response during natural disasters - Blackwater pitching itself as the new Red Cross , firefighters working for insurance giants .
By far the biggest market is the fortressing of Europe and North America - Halliburton 's contract to build detention centres for an unspecified immigration influx , Boeing 's " virtual " border fence , biometric ID cards .
The primary targets for these technologies are not terrorists but migrants , an increasing number of whom have been displaced by extreme weather events such as the recent floods in the Mexican state of Tabasco , or the cyclone in Bangladesh .
As climate change creates more landlessness , the market in fortresses will increase dramatically .
Of course , there is still money to be made from going green ; but there is much more green - at least in the short term - to be made from selling escape and protection .
As Lloyd explains : " The failure rate of security businesses is much lower than clean - tech ones ; and , as important , the capital investment required to build a successful security business is also much lower . "
In other words , finding solutions for real problems is hard , but turning a profit from those problems is easy .
Bush wants to leave our climate crisis to the ingenuity of the market .
Well , the market has spoken : it will not take us off this disastrous course .
In fact , the smart money is betting that we will stay on it .
· A version of this article appears in the Nation ( www.thenation.com) www.naomiklein.org
By JAMES SLACK
Last updated at 07:35 23 May 2007
The number of innocent children placed on the Government 's vast DNA database for life has quadrupled in the past year to more than 100,000 , it has emerged .
The astonishing increase , which follows a controversial change to the law , was described by opposition MPs as an " extremely sinister development " .
It will fuel concerns that police are targeting for arrest youngsters who have done nothing wrong , simply to get their hands on their DNA .
Terri Dowty , director of the pressure group Action on Rights for Children , said : " These are shocking statistics .
These children will be on the database for the rest of their lives .
" Whenever their DNA is found at a crime scene , they will have to be prepared to justify themselves .
We are turning thousands of innocent children into lifelong suspects . "
The revelation a year ago that the details of 24,000 innocent youngsters had been stored on the DNA database brought widespread alarm .
But research by Action on Rights for Children and the pressure group GeneWatch UK , using Home Office figures , reveals that - far from being deterred - police have accelerated sharply the rate at which they are gathering samples from children .
In the past 12 months , the samples of 81,000 children convicted of no crime have been added to the database , which can be checked against any crime scene .
It takes the total to 105,000 .
Since April 2004 , anyone aged ten or above who is arrested in England or Wales can have their DNA and fingerprints taken without their consent , or that of their parents .
The DNA samples are all kept permanently .
The computerised DNA profiles are also kept permanently on the DNA database , even if the person arrested is never charged or is acquitted .
The law was not fully implemented in 2004 / 05 but last year it was introduced across the country .
These figures reveal for the first time the astonishing impact of the move .
Around 80,000 innocent children are likely to be added to the database every 12 months , as that is the average number of children arrested for the first time each year but never convicted .
Parents can appeal to have their child 's DNA removed but this is at the discretion of chief constables .
Very few samples are removed , with the rest stored for life .
Police say those who have had their DNA taken include two schoolgirls charged with criminal damage after drawing chalk on a pavement and a child in Kent who removed a slice of cucumber from a tuna mayonnaise sandwich and threw it at another youngster .
Shadow Home Secretary David Davis said : " This is an extremely sinister development .
One hundred thousand innocent children have their DNA data stored by stealth .
This is a big move towards the end of the presumption of innocence for our youth . "
Dr Helen Wallace , director of GeneWatch UK , said : " Anyone with access to the DNA database can use these children 's DNA profiles to trace where they have been , or who they are related to .
" Do we really trust the Home Office not to misuse this information and to safeguard it from others who may want to infiltrate the system ? "
The number of innocent people on the database , including the 105,000 children , is one million - 25 per cent of the four million who have their DNA stored .
It is the world 's largest database and has raised concern that Britain is lurching towards a " surveillance society " .
Criminologists have warned that , in order to make policing simpler , officers are targeting for arrest those they see as potential troublemakers .
By making arrests for a minor offence such as criminal damage , they can take the DNA of a group of youngsters at the same time .
No charges need to be made , but the samples can be stored .
A Home Office spokesman said last night : " Taking a DNA sample and fingerprints from those arrested for a recordable offence and detained in a police station , including juveniles aged ten to 17 , is now part of the normal process within a police custody suite .
" Those who are innocent have nothing to fear from providing a sample and retaining this evidence is no different to recording other forms of information such as photographs and witness statements . "
In the last few weeks we 've had Bush 's executive order which gutted the Intelligence Oversight Board , bring all " oversight " functions under the executive .
We 've had the the revelations from whistle - blower Babak Pasdar , Wikileaks published a purported letter from Cablevision Systems Corp. to the FBI showing that " the FBI using the Patriot Act to obtain information not related to terrorism .
In this case customer data from Cablevision is obtained which is used for non-terror related investigations . "
And today was the WSJ 's explosive story on the massive scope of the NSA 's reach .
If that was n't damning enough , this information ends up in the utterly incompetent hands of Michael Chertoff at DHS .
How bad is it ?
Check out this extremely well - timed interview by Jeff Stein , national security editor at CQ , with DHS director Michael Chertoff , who claims Sgt. Schultz style , " I know nuthink ! "
Another government information pipe burst last week , leaking details of yet more possibly illegal taps on our e-mails and telephone calls .
But even as news broke that a wireless carrier had discovered a security breach traced to Quantico , Va. , home to a U.S. Marine Corps base and the FBI Academy , Michael Chertoff was telling me that what the Department of Homeland Security does with such information is none of my business — or his , either , for that matter .
" All we get is product .
We may get product that is incorporated in analysis , and we may not know exactly what the source of each is , or it may be generically described , " Chertoff told me and a half dozen other bloggers gathered in a small room at the Ronald Reagan Building on March 3 .
" I ’m not going to speculate where it comes from , " he added .
Nor would he say where it goes or how it ’s used ....
Me [ Stein ] :
Were you aware that this program was ongoing with the telecomm companies ?
Chertoff : I do n’t know what program you ’re talking about .
Me : I ’m talking about harvesting information — Chertoff : I ’m not — but you see , you ’re assuming stuff you ’ve read in the paper .
Me : I ’m not .
I ’m asking you for information .
Chertoff : I ’m telling you I have received — we get information from the intelligence community .
It can be collected from a variety of sources .
I do n’t know which program it comes under .
I do n’t know whether it ’s got a warrant or does n’t have a warrant .
I do n’t know whether it ’s collected — I mean , as soon as I can contextually tell where it ’s collected or not collected .
So I do n’t know if it ’s under this program or that program .
None of that is known to me .
All I know is , incorporated in the massive intelligence we get is all these different streams of intelligence , which help us decide whether we need to do something to protect the country or not .
I ca n’t verify your assumptions concerning whether something was under this program or that program .
I have no basis to accept your characterization of harvesting , which does n’t strike me as having any legal significance ....
Beyond the question of basic competence , the problem here is pointed out by John Rollins , who had been chief of staff to Chertoff 's predecessor , Tom Ridge .
Illegally obtained information - - obtained from those warrantless wiretaps -- could have gone out to local law enforcement .
" Setting aside the fact that the secretary is a former federal court judge who spent a career in the Justice Department , and also has a staff of lawyers conversant in civil liberty and corporate liability issues , it ’s pretty damn insincere for him to , at best , claim uncertainty , or at worst , maintain willful ignorance of not knowing how information on U.S. citizens is obtained or where it came from , " Rollins told me by e-mail .
" One ca n’t be the benefactor of a piece of information while simultaneously claiming it is not my responsibility to figure out how the information landed in my inbox , " he said .
These people are not to be trusted with our civil liberties , much less our national security .
That a Democratic Congress is even thinking of giving these people expanded intelligence powers -- and closing off any avenue left open to investigating just how far they 've already over - reached by granting telco amnesty -- is a travesty .
The FISA legislation should be tabled now .
There is more than ample evidence to show that it would be far more dangerous to give this administration any more leeway on domestic intelligence than it would be to continue to operate under the existing , and adequate , FISA law .
James R. Hagerty and Kris Hudson / WSJ | March 25 , 2008
A glut of foreclosed homes of historic proportions is starting to drive down U.S. home prices faster as lenders put more properties on the market and buyers show signs of interest .
The ability of America ’s lenders to manage this fire sale will be crucial to determining how long the housing market stays in the dumps — and how quickly blighted neighborhoods can heal .
The oversupply is severe :
In some major markets , including Las Vegas and San Diego , foreclosure - related sales have accounted for more than 40 % of all sales in recent months .
On Monday , new data suggested that pressures like these are starting to drive prices low enough to attract some buyers back into the market .
Sales of previously occupied homes jumped 2.9 % in February from the month before , the National Association of Realtors said , the first increase since July .
The median price dropped 8.2 % from a year earlier to $ 195,900 , the biggest drop recorded by the Realtors in the current slump .
In some beaten - down markets , the price cuts have been stark .
The Detroit Board of Realtors recently found that home sales in the city ( excluding suburbs ) in the first two months of this year jumped 48 % from a year earlier , to 1,540 .
The average home price there sank 54 % to about $ 22,000 .
‘ Got to Move Things ’
Banks and others holding foreclosed property have concluded “ we ’ve got to move things ” and are finally willing to slash prices , says Thomas Lawler , a housing economist in Leesburg , Va .
At the same time , the specialist firms that sell foreclosed homes for lenders say banks are sending them additional properties much faster than they can be sold .
“ They ’re coming in [ at a rate of ] two new properties for every sale , ” said Claudia Smith , vice president of operations for First American REO Outsourcing , which is handling roughly 8,000 foreclosed homes for lenders .
First American CoreLogic , a research firm based in Santa Ana , Calif. , that collects data from lenders and county clerks , estimates that foreclosed properties represent roughly one of nine currently listed for sale nationwide , compared with a one - in - 15 ratio a year earlier .
“ This is both a crisis and an opportunity , ” says Rafael Cestero , a senior vice president at Enterprise Community Partners , Columbia , Md. , a national nonprofit group that invests in housing for low - income people .
Clusters of empty , foreclosed homes attract criminals and hurt neighborhoods by undercutting property values for everyone .
Brenda Lawrence , mayor of Southfield , Mich. , where about 3 % of all single - family homes are in foreclosure , calls foreclosed homes “ a cancer . ”
But foreclosures also can help bring prices in high - cost areas down to levels that are affordable to teachers , fire fighters and other middle - class buyers who may have been priced out of the market during the housing boom .
FULL ARTICLE
WATCH ALEX JONES ’ ENDGAME ONLINE NOW in its entirety .
View more
High quality trailers at www.endgamethemovie.com
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Not many software company bosses would have the chutzpah to distribute bright red T - shirts portraying themselves as a latter - day Che Guevara .
Not many would take 50 journalists to dinner at a traditional Moscow restaurant and end up doing Cossack dances , or whirling around the ethnically costumed and somewhat embarrassed blonde singer from the balalaika band .
But then , not many founders of Russian software houses have built international businesses and become household names .
The casually - dressed , bearded and blue - eyed Evgeniy Valentinovich Kasperskiy , 42 , has done all that through the success of his antivirus company , Kaspersky Lab .
Which is not to suggest he 's some kind of megalomaniac ; beer in hand , he 's being one of the lads .
He got into the business by accident - he started collecting viruses as a hobby , in 1989 , after his PC at the Ministry of Defence became infected with Cascade .
By 1991 , he 'd written an antivirus program to detect and disinfect them , and he co-founded Kaspersky Lab in 1997 .
The company was named and run for a decade by his ex-wife Natalya after a dispute with a US partner meant they were unable to use their existing product name , AVP .
At times , they employed actors to play the Kaspersky figure , but Eugene is too well known for that to work now .
Viral growth
The company that was built on a marriage now has around 800 staff and more than 250 million users worldwide .
It 's still privately owned , so Kaspersky Lab does n't have to provide financial results .
However , chief financial officer Eugene Buyakin says that 2007 turnover was about $ 200 m ( £ 100 m ) , and if growth continues , it " could be $ 1bn in five years , maybe less " .
The aim is to overtake McAfee and become the world 's second biggest software security provider .
The virus world has changed as dramatically as the company , and Kaspersky says we 're now well into Malware III .
The first stage - when he started - was dominated by file infectors and other viruses " developed by kids " , which often circulated on floppy disks .
The second stage , between 2000 and 2004 , was the age of internet worms such as I Love You and Melissa , which often arrived as email attachments .
" Now we live in a world of cybercriminals , " says Kaspersky , " the bad guys who develop malware for money - usually they are not ladies !
Most infected code is distributed via malicious web pages , and to get people to go there , they use social engineering : spam , phishing emails , blogs , forums , Web 2.0 sites and other social communities . "
The Trojans and bots that characterise Malware III are much more sophisticated , and instead of drawing attention to themselves , " they hide , so it 's very difficult to find them , and very difficult to remove them .
They know how to stay in the system , " Kaspersky says .
It 's a much bigger challenge for security companies than removing known viruses , and suppliers need to add proactive technologies that identify malware behaviour in all types of program .
It 's not always easy .
Kaspersky remembers one hidden program that , whenever you connected to the net , secretly interacted with an unknown server - " typical spyware " .
Well , you 'd kill that , would n't you ?
It turned out to be an anti-theft system sold to laptop owners , " so then we said sorry , " he grins .
That 's one of the things that fits into what Kaspersky calls the " grey zone " , where companies argue about whether things are legitimate or not .
It 's a problem because malware writers are striving to develop things that do n't look like malware .
Who decides ?
He shrugs .
" Sometimes we win and sometimes we lose . "
The heuristics approach has changed what had been a whack - a- mole market .
" In the past , we just followed the bad guys , " he says .
" They do a trick ; we do an anti-trick .
Now they 're watching us to see if they can find ways round our protection , so it 's quite an equal situation now . "
Kaspersky also credits Microsoft with starting a trend towards " all - in - one solutions " with its OneCare service , " which also has tune - up and backup .
The theory was that it was n't so much designed to protect customers , but with OneCare , they fixed the three main issues of technical support . "
This increases the costs and the range of skills required of companies that want to provide a similar sort of " managed desktop " service .
But Kaspersky says " we are n't afraid of Microsoft " ( which became one of the Lab 's licensees after it bought Sybari in 2005 ) .
Security " is one of the most profitable areas , so I 'm not surprised they want to get into it , " he adds .
" But it 's priority number 12 for them .
Such a big company can't be focused on security , and to do something better than us , they have to focus on it the way we have to focus on it . "
Broader horizons
Kaspersky Lab also has to compete with Symantec and McAfee , who sell a lot of subscriptions by being pre-installed on new PCs .
Kaspersky says that route has been closed - " Who are you ?
A small Russian company .
But now we 're an international company , it 's one of the things we plan to do . "
And he reckons Kaspersky Lab has advantages in places such as China and Brazil , where the market is n't yet saturated .
" For American companies , the American market is always Number One , " he says .
" For us , it is n't . "
In the longer term , Kaspersky Lab is thinking about going public , probably through one of the European stock exchanges .
This will make its founders rich .
" The main reason is not to get money - we have enough - but to help us to get to the key accounts , " he says .
" You can't do that easily if you 're a private company , especially not the big accounts in the US and the UK . "
However , there are no plans to move the company away from Moscow , where the Lab benefits from a healthy supply of graduates who are , like him , well versed in maths , cryptography and programming .
He reckons that most of the people who wanted to leave Russia have already left , and some of those are ready to return .
Sorry , there 's no chance of him moving the business to Oxford , where Kaspersky Lab UK is based .
It could have been different .
In the 1990s , Kaspersky thought about taking a job in Aylesbury , working for Dr Alan Solomon , the father of the British anti-virus software industry .
However , Natalya could n't imagine leaving Russia and " considered emigrants to be a kind of traitor " .
In 1997 , Dr Solly sold his S&S International to Network Associates , which turned into McAfee .
No doubt a former employee of the Russian defence department will be amused that he could have ended up working for the other side .
· Jack Schofield was a guest on Kaspersky Labs ' annual International Press Tour
· This article was amended on Tuesday February 12 2008 because we incorrectly described Eugene Kaspersky as a former lieutenant in the KGB .
EULA Wars : The Customer Is Always Right … to Lodge a Protest
Here ’s another good post from our new guest blogger Ian Ayres ; here are some previous Ayres items .
My friend and Peabody Award - winning journalist Jack Hitt is irked by EULAs ( End User Licensing Agreements ) .
They are the ubiquitous terms and conditions on the Web that no one ever reads .
Jack ca n’t understand why , if he has to accept a seller ’s EULA to get service , the seller does n’t then have to accept Jack ’s EULA in order to get his money .
So he decided to run an experiment .
He recently signed up for a Web access deal at an airport .
The deal included a EULA that was thousands of words long .
To accept the deal , Jack had to supply an e-mail address .
He offered up the following : TakemymoneyandnoEulasapply@aol.com .
This mischievous e-mail address represents a nascent movement to create a “ battle of the forms ” on the Internet .
Reasonable Agreement has tried to get thousands of people to include the following boilerplate message in e-mails to EULA sellers :
READ CAREFULLY .
By reading this email , you agree , on behalf of your employer , to release me from all obligations and waivers arising from any and all NON - NEGOTIATED agreements , licenses , terms - of - service , shrinkwrap , clickwrap , browsewrap , confidentiality , non-disclosure , non-compete and acceptable use policies ( “ BOGUS AGREEMENTS ” ) that I have entered into with your employer , its partners , licensors , agents and assigns , in perpetuity , without prejudice to my ongoing rights and privileges .
You further represent that you have the authority to release me from any BOGUS AGREEMENTS on behalf of your employer .
You can even buy the following T - shirt with the disclaiming language :
I ’m not sure if I helped inspire this , or whether great minds think alike .
A few years ago , Barry Nalebuff and I created the “ LiabiliT , ” which attempts to do the same thing with regard to those annoying signs in parking lots disclaiming management responsibility .
Here ’s a picture :
The 64,000 byte question is whether Jack ’s e-mail address , or the e-mail boilerplate , or even a T - shirt will have any legal effect .
Is there a space in Cyberspace for counteroffers ?
Sellers have been presenting take - it - or - leave it deals forever .
But the Internet has created the perfect no - bargaining zone .
At the check - out , there is no way to cross out or modify oppressive terms .
Under traditional contract law , if buyers and sellers have conflicting forms ( sellers disclaim warranties ; buyers resurrect them ) and still end up doing business , the conflicting terms in the forms cancel out and the law imposes the generally pro-consumer default rules of implied warranties .
This is how law handles the classic “ battle of the forms . ”
The problem is that on the Internet , consumers do n’t have an easy way to present sellers with the counter forms .
In thinking about this issue , it ’s useful to separate the question of whether the seller ’s or the buyer ’s terms are reasonable .
There are certainly plenty examples of obnoxious EULAs that have prohibited users from criticizing the seller ’s product .
But anti-EULAs could also be oppressive — for example , voiding even the reasonable restrictions of the Free Software Foundation ’s GNU General Public License .
The crucial “ battle of the forms ” question is whether it is reasonable for e-retailers to adopt a hear - no - counteroffers policy .
Even though I created the LiabiliT , I think there is a strong case for asymmetric legal treatment of buyers and sellers .
Sellers have to keep going back to the market in search of new buyers , and thus have to worry about their reputations .
For buyers , not so much .
It ’s a pain for either side to read the other side ’s offers .
But a seller ’s need to maintain a reputation means that an unread EULA is more likely to be reasonable than the buyer ’s piggish reclaimers .
And do we really want sellers to have to spend money paying attention to the e-mail names and boilerplate messages of other consumers ?
Here ’s a possible way forward .
It would be reasonable for a payment system , such as PayPal or AmEx or Citibank Visa , to create an anti-EULA form on behalf of its clients .
For example , Google Checkout could require that a condition of accepting payment through their system is that sellers agree to some reasonable pro-consumer terms .
If Jack then paid with Google Checkout , he would be protected by Google ’s form .
The seller would n’t have to pay attention to millions of individual consumer offers .
Rather , it would just have to pay attention to its deals with payment intermediaries ( who have their own reputations to protect ) .
It now looks like Porsche will be seeking a judicial review of the Mayor of London ’s decision to bring in a £ 25 per day charge for vehicles in Band G. Porsche have written a letter to the Mayor and , if he does n’t reply in 14 days , they will head – expensively – for the courts .
Andy Goss , MD of Porsche UK , says the " massive congestion charge increase is quite simply unjust . "
A spokesman for Mayor replied that " No - one is allowed to throw their rubbish in the street and Porsche should not be allowed to impose gas - guzzling , polluting cars on Londoners who do not want them . ”
There ’s a very serious point to be pursued here .
Porsche , and the rest of the car industry , must wrest back the meaning of the word pollution from the grip of the Green spin machine .
Gas - guzzlers they maybe ( though I ’d bet the average Porsche does far fewer miles in a year than the average Mondeo ) , but they certainly are n’t polluters .
Like all modern petrol - fired units , Porsche engines are as clean a whistle .
Indeed , if you replaced all 21,000 black cabs with 21,000 Cayennes , inner London ’s air quality would improve massively overnight .
Recently , a blogger pointed out that when his imported Dodge Durango 5.7 - litre V8 was tested by VOSA , the equipment could barely register pollutants from the engine .
What matters in the city centre is air quality and London ’s is probably the worst in Europe .
Worst because of the use of big diesel engines , in big heavy vehicles , trapped in stop - start traffic .
And that ’s nothing to do with Porsche , or any other car maker .
Eugene Volokh writes about a case in New Mexico that demonstrates the extent to which the right to decide who you do business with has been eroded in the name of so - called anti-discrimination laws :
Elaine Huguenin co-owns Elane Photography with her husband .
The bulk of Elane ’s work is done by Elaine , though she subcontracts some of the work some of the time .
Elane refused to photograph Vanessa Willock ’s same - sex commitment ceremonies , and just today the New Mexico Human Rights Commission held that this violated state antidiscrimination law .
Elane has been ordered to pay over $ 6600 in attorney ’s fees and costs .
I have n’t seen any written statement of reasons , but the order must implicitly rest on two interpretations of state law : ( 1 ) This sort of photography company constitutes a “ public accommodation , ” defined by state law “ any establishment that provides or offers its services , facilities , accommodations or goods to the public , but does not include a bona fide private club or other place or establishment that is by its nature and use distinctly private . ” ( 2 ) A refusal to photograph a same - sex commitment ceremony constitutes sexual orientation discrimination , which New Mexico law forbids .
These may or may not be sensible interpretations of the statutory text .
But the result seems to me to likely violate the First Amendment ( though there ’s no precedent precisely on point ) .
As Volokh points out , photography is an art form and the Human Rights Commission decision effectively says that the state can tell you what kind of art you can and cannot create .
He goes on to point out , correctly I think , that several U.S. Supreme Court opinions make it clear that the state cannot compel you to endorse points of view that you disagee with and , arguably , by photographing a committment ceremony she finds personally offensive , this photographer would be endorsing something she does not choose to endorse .
More than that , though , this case points out the extent to which so - called “ economic ” rights , such as the right to decide who you do business with , have been eroded over the past 50 years .
There is no reason that Ms. Huguenin should be forced to take on a job she does n’t want to take .
What if , instead of citing the same - sex nature of the ceremony , she has simply said she was too busy to take on the project ?
Presumably , that would have been a legitimate reason to turn it down , and if that ’s the case , then I see no reason why she should be forced to work for these people just because she does n’t approve of their lifestyle .
From anonymity to ubiquity
The rest of the series
The AudioFile : Basics of uncompressed audio
Since its standardization in 1991 , MP3 has gone from being a little - known portion of a video file format to the kind of ubiquity that most brands can only dream of having .
It 's both widespread , with small players flying off the shelves , and controversial , dropping from the lips of politicians and advocates for all sides of the intellectual property debate .
But what is MP3 ?
The usual explanations usually take one of two forms .
The long version , available in technical papers , is written in jargon and filled with math .
The short version , often used by newspapers and nontechnical periodicals , simply states that the process eliminates parts of sound not normally heard by the human ear .
But this one - sentence description raises more questions than it answers for any reasonably tech - savvy reader : how does it find those unheard sounds , and how does it get rid of them ?
What 's the difference between the different bit rates and quality levels ?
If you 're anything like me , you 've often wanted to know the mechanics of MP3 , but not to the point of writing your own encoder .
This guide attempts to explain the process of MP3 compression in simple terms , without oversimplifying it .
Although some parts have been omitted , like the details of stereo encoding schemes and in - depth file composition , it covers the basic theory of turning uncompressed sound files into compressed MP3 .
In order to tour the MP3 codec without getting overwhelmed by the technical minutiae , we 'll take a look at some of the background principles and legacy of MP3 , then break the process down into analysis and compression before finally considering the impact that this humble format has had on digital audio .
Hear , hear
Depending on the number of concerts you 've attended , your ears may be more or less healthy for your age .
But even if they 're in perfect shape , human hearing is constrained by a number of limitations .
At best , tests have usually shown that we can hear frequencies in a range between 20 to 20,000 Hz .
Our ears are also most sensitive between 2KHz and 5KHz , and they can detect changes between frequencies in increments of 2 Hz — that 's the effective " resolution " of hearing .
As the average person gets older or the delicate cells of the ear are damaged by loud noise , high - frequency perception is reduced .
In fact , most adults ( myself included ) have trouble hearing above 16KHz .
And these are just the physical limitations of the human ear .
Our brains also play a role in filtering and analyzing the signals sent by the auditory nerve .
The science of how we perceive sound is called psychoacoustics , and it has discovered a number of useful auditory effects .
For example , one of my favorites is the Haas effect , which states that two identical sounds arriving within 30 - 40 ms of each other from different directions will be perceived as a single sound coming from the direction of the first .
It 's often used in public address systems to reinforce the sound " from the stage , " even if the loudspeakers are located farther to the side .
MP3 , like many other lossy audio compression schemes , relies heavily on these kinds of psychoacoustic effects to work its magic .
In particular , it exploits the phenomenon of frequency masking .
Imagine two sounds with similar frequency profiles — say at 100 Hz and 110 Hz — but with different volume levels .
If played by itself , the weaker sound is perfectly audible , but only the stronger will be heard if both are played simultaneously .
The process of covering one frequency with another close ( but not identical ) frequency is called " masking . "
The degree to which frequencies can mask each other varies across the range of human hearing — our ears are less precise at the top and bottom of the audible spectrum .
Loud transient signals ( ones with very short duration ) can also mask weaker signals for a short time , similar to the Haas effect .
This type of masking is known as " temporal " masking and is also used in MP3 compression .
Leftovers
Something else to keep in mind while looking at the techniques of MP3 is that it continues a compression legacy that has influenced its design .
MP3 actually stands for " MPEG - 1 Audio Layer 3 . " MPEG , in turn , stands for the Moving Pictures Expert Group , which created the standard .
MPEG video ( and its successors , MPEG - 2 and MPEG - 4 ) is used all around us — DVDs are a modified version of MPEG - 2 , as is your digital TV signal .
As Layer 3 of the MPEG - 1 specification , there are obviously two previous audio layers before MP3 , which did not catch on in the consumer market ( few of us listen to MP2s at home ) .
There are several features of MP3 which may seem to be pointlessly complicated or are implemented in more steps than would seem strictly necessary , and these are often holdovers from the old design .
This legacy means that MP3 is not actually terribly elegant or streamlined .
Which is a great excuse for me as an author , honestly .
So if you have trouble following the process laid out in this article , do n't blame me for a poor explanation .
Blame Layer 2 instead .
HILLA , Iraq ( Reuters ) - A suicide bomber detonated a vest packed with metal ball bearings in a refreshment tent full of Iraqi pilgrims heading to a Shi’ite festival on Sunday , killing 40 people and wounding 60 , police said .
Women and children were among the victims in the bombing in the town of Iskandariya , 40 km ( 25 miles ) south of Baghdad .
The attack was one of the deadliest in Iraq this year and happened despite a major tightening of security for the annual Arbain festival in the southern holy city of Kerbala .
It is one of Shi’ite Islam ’s holiest events .
Most of the casualties were hit by the ball bearings , said a doctor at a hospital in the city of Hilla , where many of the wounded were taken .
A wounded woman there said the attack happened in a tent where pilgrims were offered refreshments .
“ When we reached the area people invited us into a tent to take some rest and have some food .
When we entered , there was a huge ball of fire and we saw people lying on the ground , ” said Um A’amr , who was being treated for multiple wounds .
Police and the U.S. military said the bomber struck hours after militants killed three pilgrims and wounded 36 others in an attack in southern Baghdad .
Captain Muthanna al - Mamouri , spokesman for police in Hilla , 100 km ( 60 miles ) south of the capital , said 40 people were killed and 60 wounded in the Iskandariya attack .
Colonel Tom James , a U.S. brigade commander in the area , said Iraqi forces would strengthen security at rest areas for pilgrims , but added it was “ very difficult ” to protect everyone .
He said about 40 people had been killed in Iskandariya .
“ This is a despicable terrorist attack on these innocent people , ” James told Reuters , adding that ball bearings had been found at the scene of the attack .
The U.S. military said in a statement the attack took place on a two - lane highway near a residential area through which more than 40,000 pilgrims had passed earlier in the day .
Millions of Shi’ite pilgrims are expected in Kerbala for the Arbain festival this week , which commemorates the end of the 40 - day mourning period following Ashura , a religious ritual that marks the death of Prophet Mohammad ’s grandson in 680 .
Tens of thousands of Iraqi soldiers and police have been deployed for Arbain after suspected Sunni Arab insurgents killed 149 pilgrims on their way to Kerbala for the event last year , one of the worst spasms of violence since the U.S. - led invasion of Iraq in 2003 .
The pilgrims are particularly vulnerable because many prefer to walk to Kerbala , 110 km ( 70 miles ) south of Baghdad .
They believe the effort will bring them greater spiritual reward .
A policeman mans a weapon on mounted on an armored vehicle , as pilgrims arrive at Kerbala , to attend the religious ceremony of Arbain that falls 40 days after the Shi'ite holy day of Ashura February 23 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Mushtaq Muhammed
VEHICLE BAN
In the Baghdad attack , the pilgrims were hit by a roadside bomb and then fired on by gunmen on a road used by pilgrims walking to Kerbala , police said .
The U.S. military gave a different account , saying gunmen had lobbed hand grenades at the pilgrims in Baghdad , killing one and wounding 17 .
It said U.S. and Iraqi forces would increase patrols and checkpoints , restricting vehicle access through key routes to Kerbala from southern Baghdad .
Kerbala ’s police chief , Major - General Raad Shakir , told Reuters last week that 40,000 police and soldiers had been deployed and Iraqi tanks were being used to protect the city for the first time .
All public transport , including bicycles , has been banned within a 25 km ( 15.5 mile ) radius of the city and 600 female security staff have been assigned to search women , police said .
Militants have used horses and carts , bicycles and motorcycles in bomb attacks in the past .
There has also been a spate of suicide bombings carried out by women in recent months .
In previous years , militants have killed scores of pilgrims in suicide bombings and other attacks .
Sunni Islamist al Qaeda views Shi’ites , a majority in Iraq but a minority in the Muslim world , as heretics .
1. How can PHP Read Excel File xlsx in 2020 using SimpleXLSX
Parse and retrieve data from Excel XLS files
2. Number to Word ( currency )
Spell Nigeria currency amounts in English
3. Download ZIP from URL
Download and extract a zip file from a remote site
4. How can PHP Extract Text from PDF using PHP PDF to Text
Extract text contents from PDF files
5. PHP Telegram Bot
Send and receive messages to Telegram users
6. PHP Malware Scanner Free Tool
Scan PHP files to find malicious code
7. PHP Zoom API
Access Zoom video conference application REST API
8. PHP JSON Query
Query JSON data to find and extract information
9. PHP Chat Script with Database using Simple chat
Simple Web and MySQL based chat system
10 . PHP MySQL Report Generator
Generate HTML report from MySQL query result data
11 . PHP HTML Excel
Convert HTML to Excel spreadsheets
12 . PHP Video Converter with ffmpeg
Convert videos between formats with ffmpeg program
13 . Apk Parser
Extract Application Package files in APK format
14 . PHP SameSite Session Cookie Starter
Initialize PHP sessions to use same site cookies
15 . Social Security Number ( SSN ) Generator
Generate and validate US social security numbers
16 . PHP PDF to HTML
Convert PDF to HTML using Poppler
17 . Instagram API integration with PHP
Access an Instagram user account with its API
18 . PHP MLM Binary Tree
Build multi - level marketing tree from member forms
19 . PHP Serial
Communicate with a serial port
20 . PHP MySQL Database Synchronize
Synchronize MySQL databases tables between servers
21 . PHP Detect Device Type
Detect the type of device the user is using
22 . Laravel Video Chat
Multiuser video chat using Socket .IO and WebRTC
23 . PHP Convert Excel to JSON
Convert data from Excel spreadsheet to JSON format
24 . PHP Video Toolkit
Manipulate and convert videos with ffmpeg program
25 . IMDBPhotos
Download the movie poster and images from IMDB
26 . PHP Media File Info
Extract metadata from audio and video files
27 . How to Add Datepicker in PHP
Form with PHP date picker class
Generate form input to pick a calendar date
28 . PHP Report
Generate Excel , HTML , PDF reports from data arrays
29 . PHP PDO database class
Access databases using PDO
30 .
Add multiple languages to a Web
Add multiple languages to a Web site very easy .
31 . PHP License Key Generator
Generate and validate license key serial numbers
32 . PHP Tracking User Activity
Track user activity on Web pages using screenshots
33 . Symfony Task bundle
Schedule task using cron with Symfony
34 . PHP diff tool
Compare two files and show differences in Web page
35 . PHP Live Radio Streaming
Serve MP3 audio files to play from a playlist
36 . PHP Screen Recorder
Capture videos of the current screen with ffmpeg
37 . PHP MySQL WebSocket Chat
Websocket chat that stores messages in MySQL
" . PHP Minify JS , CSS , PHP and HTML
Reduce the size of source files in PHP , CSS or JS
39 . PHP YouTube Video Downloader
Download files of given YouTube videos
A Texas inmate was sent to his death after a computer glitch held up his appeal filing , and a presiding judge refused to extend the deadline .
Earlier that day the US Supreme Court said it would consider a case from Kentucky , in which lawyers were arguing that the lethal injection is unconstitutional .
The Houston Chronicle reports that judges were expecting to receive an appeal , triggered by the Supreme Court 's ruling .
Judge Cathy Cochran told the paper that several of her colleagues were prepared to stay in their offices waiting for Michael Richard 's lawyers to file his paperwork .
" A number of judges stayed very late that evening , waiting for a filing from the defence attorney , " she said .
Judge Paul Womack was one of those who stayed in the office , waiting for the appeal .
" All I can tell you is that night I stayed at the court until seven o'clock in case some late filing came in , " he said .
" I was under the impression we might get something ...
It was reasonable to expect an effort would be made with some haste in light of the Supreme Court [ action ] . "
But Presiding Judge Sharon Keller refused to allow the appeal to be filed after 5 pm , and did not consult with her colleagues on her decision .
She said : " I think the question ought to be why did n't they file something on time ?
They had all day . "
The court does not accept emailed appeals .
Lawyers for 49 - year - old Richards said a computer problem meant they could n't print their filing in time to get it to the court by 5 pm .
They added that if the court would have accepted their submission by email , they still would have made the deadline , and that they only needed an extra 20 minutes .
Richards was executed later that day for the murder in 1986 of Marguerite Lucille Dixon , a 53 - year - old nurse and mother of seven .
Civil rights campaigners said they were considering filing an official complaint about the debacle . ®
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - FBI agents were among those wounded in a bomb attack on an Italian restaurant in Islamabad during the weekend , the FBI said on Sunday .
“ Four FBI personnel were slightly injured in the bombing attack in Pakistan .
The FBI is providing the necessary assistance to our employees and their families , ” FBI spokesman Richard Kolko said .
Kolko provided no further details .
The U.S. State Department had no addition comment .
A bomb planted in the garden dining area of the Luna Caprese restaurant on Saturday killed a Turkish woman and wounded 11 people , including five Americans .
The restaurant is a popular spot with foreigners in Islamabad .
ABC News , citing unnamed sources , reported that an investigation was under way to determine whether the attack was based on whether terrorists had learned in advance the agents would be at the restaurant .
Impossibly perfect men float around naked , surrounded by gears and cyber- creatures , in Kiriko Moth 's Yaoi art .
Yaoi — the Japanese art of showing lovely young dudes , in sexual situations for a female readership — has been building an avid U.S. following .
And now artists like Kiriko are bringing Art Nouveau - esque yaoi porn to the dark world of cyber - and steampunk .
Click through for a ( possibly NSFW ) gallery and interview .
Advertisement
Advertisement
I feel like most yaoi art is fantasy - oriented .
Is your work more oriented towards fantasy or science fiction ?
Advertisement
A lot of my art is ambiguous as to whether it 's fantasy or sci- fi , but I think I gravitate more towards fantasy .
Lately I 've been doing more steampunk themed art , which I guess falls more into the sci - fi category ...
So the scifi vs. fantasy might even be around 50 - 50 at this point .
I 've often tried to break out of the scifi / fantasy niche and just draw something completely mundane , but I can't seem to manage it .
How big is the yaoi audience in the U.S. now ?
Is it as big as it is in Japan ?
I wo n't claim to be an expert on the yaoi market .
I 'm pretty sure the Japanese yaoi market still far surpasses the American created / produced yaoi scene .
They 've just been doing it longer , and most of our popular yaoi media is imported from Japan .
I think many of the bigger publishing houses are not so quick to pick up yaoi as they have been to dive into general audience manga , so that keeps the market small .
It 's difficult for the small presses to to make it in the business , and that 's where most of our American yaoi is coming from - small presses , independant publishers , and self - publishing .
Advertisement
When did you get involved in yaoi art ?
I discovered rather early in my teenage years that having two guys together is just hot , so when I first found yaoi on the internet ( it is for porn , after all ) it was like coming home .
I did n't join the yaoi art scene until much later , circa 2004 , but it really only coincided with graduating from college and suddenly having more time on my hands .
Moving to San Francisco helped also , because that gave me my first chance to attend Yaoi - Con and meet the community in person .
Having a group to share the artwork with just gave me more reasons to draw yaoi - themed art .
By RICHARD SHEARS
Last updated at 23:59 07 March 2008
The runaway teenager had told her parents she wanted to come home .
Perhaps 16 - year - old Stacey Mitchell had had enough of sharing a house with two lesbians who thought of themselves as vampires .
But she would never make that trip .
She had aroused the jealousy of one of her flatmates , even though she had been living with them for only 11 days .
So the two women drugged Stacey and then battered her to death with a concrete block .
They also tried to strangle her with a dog chain .
When , 45 minutes after the attack began , she finally died , her killers celebrated with a kiss over her body - which they then dumped upside down in a rubbish bin .
Scroll down for more ...
Jessica Stasinowsky , 21 , and Valerie Parashumti 19 - who were said to be sexually aroused by violence and bloodshed - were jailed for life for the murder of Stacey , from West Moors , Dorset .
Neither showed any remorse , laughing and smirking as details of the case unfolded at the court in Perth , Western Australia .
The trial heard that Stacey 's family had moved from Britain several years ago .
The teenager moved in with the lesbians in December 2006 , after running away from home .
She had told her parents the day before her death that she wanted to return .
But Stasinowsky and Parashumti were getting " annoyed " with her , they later told police , and Stasinowsky also thought the teenager was flirting with her lover .
Feeling the need to prove that Stacey meant nothing to her , Parashumti devised the murder plot , with Stasinowsky her partner .
On the day of her death Stacey joined in a drinking session with the lesbians .
But her glass had been spiked with a sleeping tablet .
Scroll down for more ...
As Bach 's St John 's Passion was playing throughout the house , Parashumti began raining blows on the teenager .
When Parashumti complained she was taking too long to die , Stasinowsky wrapped a chain around her neck to strangle her .
Much of the incident was captured on a mobile phone video in
which the lovers could be heard mocking Stacey 's English accent .
Yet the hatred did not end there .
Weeks later Stasinowsky told a prison officer she wished her death throes had lasted longer .
Parashumti's lawyer , David Edwardson , said she had had a violent family life and had been associated with the vampire sub-culture since she was ten , when she started experimenting with drinking blood , first her own and later that of others .
The lawyer for Stasinowsky , Andree Horrigan , said her client believed " she and Miss Parashumti were conjoined essentially . "
Justice Peter Blaxell told the women , who admitted murder : " You have each had more than a year in custody to reflect upon the evilness of your crime , yet you still lack remorse and obviously place no value on the sanctity of human life . "
He said they enjoyed " being sexually aroused by the infliction of violence . "
Outside the court , police read a statement by Stacey 's parents Andy and Sophie , which said : " We still can't believe that she has gone and the violent way in which her life ended .
Though we have to accept the sentence , no amount of time would ever be enough . "
DEPTHS OF PERIL User Manual Overview
-----------
Depths of Peril is a single player action role - playing game ( RPG ) with strong strategy elements .
You play as a faction leader protecting the barbarian city , Jorvik , by destroying threatening monsters and completing quests .
At the same time , you compete with rival factions to see who will rule the city .
Barbarians choose their leaders by fighting to the death !
As a faction leader , you must deal with rival factions through diplomacy , trade , and in time , war .
Between battles and raids against other barbarian factions , you build the most powerful faction possible , to withstand your enemies .
Building the power of a faction involves exploring a fantasy world , slaying dangerous monsters , solving quests for the city , avoiding deadly traps , and plundering loot to share within your faction .
But in this world , actions actually have consequences , so take care .
Annoying the powerful and aggressive Legion of Fear faction will cause them to declare war and destroy you .
Ignored orc uprisings in the Black Forest will cause even more trouble .
Protect ally covenants that are being raided , because friends are hard to come by .
System Requirements
--------------------------
Windows Minimum specs :
Windows 98/ME/2000/XP/Vista
1.2 GHz Pentium 4 ( or other equivalent )
128MB RAM
GeForce 2 ( or other equivalent )
150MB of hard drive space Windows Recommended specs :
2.0 GHz Pentium 4 ( or other equivalent )
256MB RAM
GeForce 3 or better ( or other equivalent ) Mac Minimum specs :
OS X 10.4 ( Tiger ) to 10.14 ( Mojave )
1.5 GHz processor ( PowerPC or Intel )
128MB RAM
GeForce 2 ( or other equivalent )
150 MB of hard drive space
OS must support 32 bit applications !
Mac Recommended specs :
2.0 GHz processor ( PowerPC or Intel )
256MB RAM
GeForce 3 or better ( or other equivalent ) Linux Minimum specs :
Not sure yet on minimum Linux distribution
1.5 GHz processor ( x86 or x86 - 64 )
256MB RAM
GeForce 2 ( or other equivalent )
150 MB of hard drive space
Linux Recommended specs :
2.0 Core Duo processor ( or better ) ( x86 or x86 - 64 )
512MB RAM
GeForce 3 or better ( or other equivalent )
Mac OS X 10.3.9 should also run Depths of Peril fine , but you need OpenAL installed first .
You can download the OpenAL installer from Creative .
Getting Started
------------------
To start a new character choose Play Game and then choose New Character .
Choose the class you want this character to be .
You can choose to be a warrior ( male ) , a rogue ( female ) , a priest ( female ) , or a mage ( male ) .
The description for each class is below : I am a warrior .
With legendary strength , I heft the heaviest of armor and massive weapons .
Using brute force , I overrun small armies and push back the monstrous hordes , as long as my pack carries plenty of healing potions .
Magic ?
That ’s for wimps .
Ever notice mages tend to be lushes ?
Man up !
Pick me .
I am a rogue , stealthy and sleek .
My skill in a variety of short blades complements my ability to hide in the shadows .
I am a dark huntress , looking for a fresh pulse to claim .
Take me .
After all , muscles are n’t everything .
I am a priest , wielding the power of the gods .
The symmetry between my deadly art and healing capabilities make me an exotic champion .
Maintaining this combination requires a steadfast faith , renewed through prayer .
Choose me .
I walk in the light .
I am a mage , the greatest wielder of magic there is .
My elemental magic is frightening to behold , and I enjoy watching most of an attacking horde fall before they get too close .
My claim to magic prevents me from any but the simplest of armor , but the magic is worth this meager price .
My ability to survive depends on concentration , often promoted by the drinks I carry in my satchel .
The others ca n’t hold a candle to my power !
Select me , and have a drink .
Name your character whatever you like .
You can also use the random name generator to generate barbarian names or just to give you some ideas .
Name your covenant .
Each covenant is a group of barbarians vying for control of the city .
It consists of one hero ( the leader of the covenant ) and up to 5 recruits .
Each covenant lives together in their covenant house .
After naming your character , naming your covenant , and choosing a class , click the Ok button to continue .
On this next screen , you select some basic options on how difficult you want the game to be .
Select the enemy covenant power .
This is the starting level of the enemy covenants and is equivalent to your characters level .
This will default to a level near what your current character level is .
If you want a harder game , choose a higher value than the default .
If you want an easier game , choose a lower value .
Select the enemy covenants aggression .
You can choose easy , normal , or hard .
The higher their aggression , the more the enemy covenants adventure , the quicker they are to go to war and raid other covenants , and the less effect diplomacy has .
This initially defaults to easy but will save the last setting you used .
Select the world difficulty .
This is the difficulty of the world itself .
The higher difficulty levels are only unlocked when your character reaches the appropriate levels .
Choose the number of enemy covenants you want to face in the game .
This can be anywhere from 3 to 6 enemy covenants .
You can also choose Random if you want the game to choose .
When you are done selecting these options , click Create New World to start the game .
Basics
-------
Most of the tips in this manual also show up in the game in the form of help topics .
To read a help topic click on the blinking question mark icons .
You can also start the help topics again by Reseting the Help Topics in the Game Options .
Please also take some time to play through the tutorial in the game and read the tool tips .
Both of these make learning the game a lot easier .
Left clicking with the mouse is context sensitive and does the most common action ( move , attack , pick up , etc. ) whereas right click does the more rare actions like selecting a monster or using an item .
Hold the ALT key down to see all of the items on the ground at once .
Objective
-----------
The objective of each game or new world is to become the leader of Jorvik and thus unifying the barbarian city .
There are two ways to accomplish this .
The first way is by destroying all of the other covenants .
To destroy a covenant you must raid their house and destroy their lifestone .
The second way is by using diplomacy and war to eliminate all enemies and make the remaining covenants allies .
If you are the most powerful covenant and all of the remaining covenants are your allies then you will get a normal win .
If all of the remaining covenants are your allies but you are not the most powerful then you will have to make a choice .
You must either take a reduced Allied Win ( less rewards ) or fight it out .
When you have won the game , you can finish up whatever you need to and can then start a new game .
Make sure you open your reward chest in the center of town and next to any covenants you have recently destroyed .
Once you are done , you can start a new game by clicking on the blinking won game icon .
Do n't worry , your characters , items , and recruits all carry over into the new game .
More Class Info
-------------------
A warrior 's power is called rage and starts at zero .
Warriors get rage each time they hit an enemy , an enemy hits them , or they successfully block or parry a blow .
Rage will slowly drain away if not used quickly .
A mage 's power is called mana and starts full .
Each spell uses up some amount of mana and when too low , spells can no longer be cast .
There are many ways to replenish mana : it will slowly regenerate during combat , it will regenerate faster out of combat , drinking drinks will replenish it fairly quickly , and finally you can drink a mana potion which will instantly give back some mana
based on the quality of the potion .
A rogue 's power is called momentum and starts at zero .
A few skills build momentum up but most of the skills use up momentum ; however all of the skills halt the momentum drain when used .
A rogue also gains momentum from each critical hit she performs and for each enemy she kills .
After a while if the momentum is not halted or raised , it will slowly drain away .
A priest 's power is called faith and starts full .
Each spell uses up some amount of faith and when too low , spells can not be used .
Faith will slowly regenerate and there are no drinks or potions available but a priest can pray at any time to regenerate their faith fairly quickly .
Recruits
----------
You can recruit NPCs to your covenant in two ways .
The easiest , but rare way , is to find recruits out in the world .
These npcs will always join your covenant if you ask .
The other way is by competition .
Every once in a while an unaffiliated barbarian will announce that he or she is available to be recruited but he or she wants to go to the best covenant possible .
In order to prove your worth , you must solve the given quest before all of the other covenants can .
These potential recruits will show up in the center of town .
Recruits greatly add to the power of your covenant and make it much easier to destroy the other covenants .
You can only adventure around with one recruit at a time but you can have up to five recruits in your covenant .
Each recruit has a class and a level just like a normal character but they focus on 4 chosen skills .
So even recruits that are the same class usually are a little different .
You can see all of the recruit 's information by left clicking on them and choosing the Display Info and Equipment option .
You can also give them better equipment in this way .
Also notice that when you highlight an item and it shows the item you already have equipped for comparison purposes , you can hit the left & right keys to cycle through your recruits ' items to compare .
Covenant House
--------------------
Your house layout is used to place your relics and guards .
Relics are magic items that effect everyone in your covenant at the same time , so they can be very powerful .
You can have four relics displayed at once .
Guards are monsters that you can buy to protect your house from covenant raids and town attacks .
You can buy guards from the beastmaster using crystals ( covenant version of money ) .
You can only have four guards on guard duty at once .
Your lifestone is the health of your covenant .
Your character and all of your recruits are soul bound to the lifestone .
This is what allows you to resurrect when you die .
Until the lifestone health gets really low , it uses some of its own health to resurrect you or your killed recruits .
The last small amount of health can only be drained by melee or magic attacks .
If your lifestone is destroyed , then you and your recruits will die and you will lose this game .
Do n't worry , you can always start a new game where your character , items , and recruits will carry over .
There is only one way for a lifestone to regain health it has lost , time .
All lifestones will regenerate health slowly if they are damaged .
Also , using your lifestone will heal your character .
This does not harm your lifestone in any way .
Your bookshelf is there to hold your collection of tomes .
Each tome that you have on your bookshelf gives you a small attribute bonus , so collect as many as you can .
However , you can only have one of each tome on your bookshelf and each tome has a specific slot that it goes into .
If you drop a book anywhere on the bookshelf , it will automatically go to the correct slot .
The stash is your extra inventory space where you can store whatever items you want .
Note : only bags can go directly into the stash .
Any type of item can go into these bags though .
Your shared stash is shared by all of your players that you have created .
Note : only bags can go directly into the stash .
Any type of item can go into these bags though .
Your covenant gate allows you to quickly teleport to places around the world where you have found gates .
To activate a gate in the world , you simply use it by left clicking on it .
Once it is activated you can return to it from your covenant gate whenever you want .
You can also use your gate to teleport to the other covenants and a spot on the other side of town .
When looking at the world map use the scrollbars or hold down the left mouse button and move the mouse to move the map around .
Note : if you start a new game / world only the gates in the zones that are straight north of town will carry over .
Influence / Crystals
----------------------
Influence is a measure of how much influence you have within the barbarian city and it directly impacts how much taxes you collect .
You gain influence for killing monsters , solving quests , and destroying covenants .
You can also trade influence ( give away or get ) .
Crystals is the form of money that a covenant uses .
Each covenant collects crystals from taxes from the city and spends them on things like guards , starting rumors , and trade with other covenants .
The higher your influence with the town the more crystals you will get from taxes .
However , most guards cost some taxes each tax period .
You can see how many crystals you have on the house layout , when trading with the beastmaster , and when trading with another covenant .
You can see how many crystals you collect per tax period on the house layout , when trading with the beastmaster , and on the relations screen .
Diplomacy
-------------
Going to war with all of the other covenants at the same time is basically suicide , so you need to keep them peaceful until you are ready to crush them .
You can do this by using diplomacy , primarily through trade .
You can trade many things with the other covenants including items , money , influence , crystals ( covenant version of money ) , treaties ( non-aggression , mutual protection , alliance ) , declare war on someone , and trade routes ( 5 different sizes ) .
In general , the more you trade with a covenant the more they will like you .
Be careful when your relations gets too low with the other covenants .
The lower your relations get with a covenant , the more likely they are to declare war and / or raid your house .
The easiest ways to improve your relations are to trade with the other covenant or even give them gifts .
They also appreciate when you kill recruits from enemy covenants and any monsters that are attacking their house .
War / Raids
-------------
To destroy an enemy covenant you need to raid their house and destroy their lifestone .
To start a raid , go to the relation screen , left click on the covenant you wish to raid and then pick the raid option .
During a raid you can take as many of your recruits as you wish .
Also , expect to die many times in a raid , this is normal .
Luckily there is no xp debt penalty when dying in raids .
However , each time you or one of your recruits dies , your lifestone takes some damage until its health is very low .
This is true of your enemy 's lifestone also .
A lifestone 's last bit of life can only be damaged by direct attack by melee or magic attacks .
Main UI Screens
--------------------
Here is a quick list of the main UI screens with their default hotkeys .
Character - C
Quests - Q
Skills - S
Inventory - I
Covenant Relations - R
House Layout - L
Map - M
Journal - J
Main menu - Esc
Minimap - Tab
All of these also have small buttons at the bottom of the screen .
The character screen shows the basic stats of your character .
Place the mouse cursor over anything that you want more information about .
The skill screen shows all of the skills available for your character class .
A gold border around the skill icon means that you have that skill .
Notice that there are multiple tabs .
Each class has 3 tabs for class specific skills , 1 tab for bonus skills that are available to any class , and 1 tab to show what basic skills the class starts with .
The skills are not arranged in a skill tree .
All of the skills are available at the very beginning , but they each have a different point cost .
In general , the lower the skill is on the screen the more points they cost .
For each skill level , the point cost increases by one compared to the last skill level .
Buying a skill also costs some amount of money based on the point cost .
There are two types of skills : passive and active .
Passive skills are skills that automatically work with no input needed from the player , assuming you have the skill of course .
Active skills only work when the player uses them in the appropriate way .
The easiest way to use a skill is add it to your hotkey bar and press the associated hotkey .
Town NPCs
---------------
There are three main vendors in town : a small items vendor , an armorsmith , and a weapon smith .
They each carry different items but you can sell any item to any of the vendors for the same price .
To buy an item , just move the item from the vendor 's inventory to your own or right click on the item .
To sell an item , just move the item from your inventory to the vendor 's or hit the sell hotkey ( defaults to space ) .
You can also identify all of your unidentified items here all at once for a price .
The gambler allows you to gamble on items .
To gamble , just buy the item like normal and if you are lucky it will be a magical item worth more than what you paid for .
The beastmaster sells magically enchanted guards .
All guards cost a certain amount of crystals ( covenant version of money ) and most cost an upkeep amount ( crystals per tax period ) .
There is a small chance that a monster might break its enchantment .
There are three main quest givers in town : the warmaster , the steward , and the apothecary .
They each carry different types of quests .
Sometimes other NPCs will show up in town that will offer personal quests .
Items / Money
----------------
Items come in many different rarities or types : normal , common , rare , set , unique , and artifacts .
Normal items are just that , normal .
Common and rare magic items have some random magical enhancements with rare items usually having more .
Set items belong to a group of items .
If you can find and equip all of the items from a set , you will get some bonus enhancements .
Many sets also have a partial bonus if you can equip part of the set .
Unique items are items that are named , have enchantments that are always the same , and usually are very powerful .
Artifact items are very similar to unique items but usually have at least one extra enhancement so they are even more powerful .
Money in the world of Aleria comes in the form of copper pieces ( CP ) , silver pieces ( SP ) , and gold pieces ( GP ) .
100 Copper Pieces = 1 Silver Piece
100 Silver Pieces = 1 Gold Piece
Staying Alive / Death
------------------------
There are many ways to regain health when your health gets too low .
Typically the easiest way is to eat some food .
Eating food will slowly regenerate your health and food is relatively cheap .
The fastest way to regain health is to drink a health potion .
Health potions instantly give you health but are relatively expensive .
The cheapest way to regain your health is to use your lifestone .
Using your lifestone regenerates your health fairly quickly and is free but you have to be in your house of course .
And last but not least , if you are a priest , you can eventually get some spells that can heal wounds .
There are also many ways to help one of your party members to regain health when their health gets too low .
You can feed them food by dropping food on their character or hitting the correct hotkey ( F1 for first party member , F2 for second , ... ) .
You can give them a health potion in the same way except the hotkeys start at F6 .
You can also head back to your house where your recruit will automatically heal at your lifestone .
And finally , if you are a priest , you can heal your party members with any healing skills you might have .
Death is inevitable in Depths of Peril .
When you die you can always resurrect using the power of your covenant 's lifestone .
This will use up some of your lifestone 's health ( until it is very low ) .
If killed by monsters you will also incur a small XP debt penalty .
This means you get less experience until you work off the XP debt .
If you go and retrieve your soulstone that dropped when you died , the XP debt will be decreased .
Other Useful Info
---------------------
Each time you increase in level you get more attribute and skill points to distribute however you want .
To use your attribute points , open up your character page ( defaults to the C key ) , and press the + button next to the attribute you want to increase .
You get 5 attribute points each level .
To use your skills points , open your skill page ( defaults to the S key ) , and press the + button next to the skill you want to increase .
The higher your character 's level the more skill points you get per level .
Also note , that skills cost more and more with each skill level and that they also cost a certain amount of money to increase .
Item find , magic find , critical hit , crushing blow , and deep wounds bonuses are slightly misleading .
They represent the bonus compared to normal .
For example , a 100 % bonus to critical hits means a 100 % better chance than normal , not a 100 % chance .
So if your normal critical hit chance is 5 % and you have a 100 % bonus , the final value will be 10 % .
Distracting a monster is very useful to the player , but mostly to a rogue since she can take advantage of their distraction .
Many skills can distract a monster to varying degrees ( minor , decent , and major ) and some skills need a monster to be distracted to some degree .
Be warned that any attack that uses the monsters distraction will remove the distraction effect .
Some skills require you or your enemy to be in a certain state or situation before that skill can be used .
Usually a skill is usable if any of the listed states or situations occur .
You can cast spells directly on party members without selecting them , by placing the mouse cursor over their health / power bar UI and casting the spell with a hotkey .
If you have a hard time clicking on your lifestone , you can alternatively click on the lifestone / covenant healthbar on the right side of the screen .
Characters / Screenshots / Exports
------------------------------
Pretty much anything the game saves like characters , screenshots , and exports
goes into a User directory .
Where this is depends on your operating system .
Vista / Win7 - C: \Users\YOUR USER NAME\AppData\Local\VirtualStore \Program Files \Depths of Peril\User
XP - C : \Program Files \Depths of Peril\User
Mac - / Users / YOUR USER NAME / Library / Application Support / Depths of Peril / User
Linux - ~/.local/DepthsOfPeril/User
Note : The AppData directory in Vista / Win7 is hidden by default .
Where YOUR USER NAME is whatever your specific user name is in your operating
system .
Credits
--------
Designer & Programmer
Steven Peeler Story & Writing
Delilah Rehm Lead artist
Vasili Gaidukevic Sound Effects
Josh Martel
Michael Huang
Zak Belica Music
Zak Belica Artists
Alex McCusker
Andy Arrondo
Brian Jones ( Bobo )
Eric Young
Ethan McCaughey
Greg Tchjen
Joe Eisma
Joseph Mirabello
Mark Morgan
Patrick Boisvert
Rebecca Smith
Rich Fleider
Stephen A Hornback
Special Thanks To
-----------------
Eric Fowler , Sandra Spears , Scotty Mitchell , Kris Mitchell , Stephen Hornback , Kassi Kolassa , Nathan Peugh , Roland Smith , Clare Bernier , Ross Patton , Asher Dial , and other testers .
Future Classic - http://www.future-classics.org/
North Texas Speculative Fiction Writers - http://www.ntsfw.com/index.html
All websites that have given us press coverage .
Many forum posters who have already contributed input from the demo .
Troubleshooting
-------------------
First make sure you have the latest video and sound drivers installed for your system .
If your graphics are flickering , especially if your mouse cursor is having issues , try turning off the hardware cursor in the graphics options menu .
If you are having any strange sound issues try setting the Sound Device to DirectSound or MMSYSTEM in the sound options menu .
You will have to completely get out of the game and restart the executable for this change to take effect though .
If you are running Vista and the first time your run the game it does n't even get to asking about your name and security key , you might be having a dep issue .
Follow these instructions to turn DEP off for Depths of Peril :
1 ) Go to Control Panel -> System and Maintenance -> System
2 ) Select " Advanced system settings "
3 ) On the " Advanced " tab under Performance , Click Settings .
4 ) Then select the " Data Execution Prevention " tab .
5 ) Add Depths of Peril to the list of apllications to not use DEP with
6 ) Click Apply and OK's as needed
7 ) Restart Vista .
There is also a startup problem when running ATI Tray tool 's on - screen - display ( it shows fps for any 3D application ) .
If you have this tool turned on and the game fails to start , turn it off .
AC 97 sound cards with old drivers have had problems with Depths of Peril .
If you have one of these sounds cards , please make sure you have the latest drivers .
for AC97 ( normal ) : go here
for HD : go here
If you have a dual - core AMD computer and everything runs too fast like it is being fast forwarded , then you might have a timing issue .
If you are having this issue , go here and then download and install the AMD Dual - Core Optimizer utility .
If you have OS X 10.3.9 and the game does n't start correctly you probably need to install OpenAL .
You can download the OpenAL installer from Creative .
If you are still having problems your best bet is to read the Depths of Peril forums at http://www.soldak.com/forums/ to see if anyone else is having this problem and if there is a known work around .
This is also the place to report any unsolved problems .
Troubleshooting Linux
---------------------
Depths of Peril needs OpenAL and OpenGL to run .
Everything else that is required should already be on most , if not all , Linux distributions .
While not required , it also runs better if you have S3 / DXTC texture compression support .
DoP is a 32 bit app , so if your run a 64 bit distribution you will need to make sure you also have 32 bit libraries for everything to work correctly .
We will add instructions for more Linux distributions below and on our website as we can .
If you get DC working on a distribution that is not on this list , we would love to know the details on our forums .
OpenAL on Linux
---------------
Ubuntu / Mint :
sudo apt - get install libopenal1
OpenGL on Linux
---------------
Ubuntu / Mint :
probably already installed and lots of packages contain it , one is :
sudo apt - get install libgl - mesa-glx
S3 /DXTC Texture Compression on Linux
-----------------------------------
Ubuntu / Mint :
sudo apt - get install libtxc - dxtn - s2tc0
32 bit libraries on Linux
------------------------
For newer Debian distributions see https://wiki.debian.org/Multiarch/HOWTO
For older Debian , I believe it is something like this :
sudo apt - get install ia32 - libs
Support
---------
Forums - http://www.soldak.com/forums/
Website - http://www.soldak.com/
Updates / Patches
--------------------
Please go to http://www.soldak.com/ to find out about the latest updates and patches for Depths of Peril .
Mods
-------
We encourage people to modify the game if they want as long as they do n't sell it in any way .
See the EULA for specifics .
The pack files for the game are just normal zip files , most of the data is in there somewhere , and it is usually in text file format .
So the game is pretty easy to modify .
Also if you post questions on our forums about modding the game , we will in general help out if we can .
More legal stuff
-------------------
Depths of Peril and Soldak Entertainment are trademarks of
Soldak Entertainment , Inc. Copyright ( c ) Soldak Entertainment , Inc. 2007
All rights reserved .
If you woke up naked and grinning this February 15th , congratulations !
You ’re dressed to to party in Ides of February style !
And an early start is crucial if you hope to make it all the way from the gruesome duty of blood sacrifices to the clawful embrace of the Grizzly Bear Chair before the clock strikes midnight .
So here ’s MU ’s global Ides of February itinerary , a post - Valentine ’s Day Valentine for you die - hard romantics infatuated with the sweet mysteries of life .
This year the Ides falls on a Monday , and nothing kills the thrill of romance quicker than a 6 am alarm .
However , here in the States , Monday is Presidents ’ Day , and a paid holiday for many wage slaves .
Therefore , in honor of the day off , here ’s an amazing bit of Americana high strangeness straight from the Oval office to you .
The Grizzly Bear Chair was given to President Andrew Johnson by Legendary trapper Seth Kinman captured grizzlies and fashioned them into articulated chairs .
“ This was intended to surpass all his previous efforts , and was made from two grizzly bears captured by Seth .
The four legs and claws were those of a huge grizzly and the back and sides ornamented with immense claws .
The seat was soft and exceedingly comfortable , but the great feature of the chair was that , by touching a cord , the head of the monster grizzly bear with jaws extended , would dart out in front from under the seat , snapping and gnashing its teeth as natural as life .
This chair Seth presented to [ President ] Johnson , September 8 , 1865 . ”
Present whereabouts ?
Grizzly bear heaven ?
The man who proved that not everything revolves around us Happy birthday greetings are in order for Galileo Galileion the 446th anniversary of his birth .
Born February 15 , 1564 in Pisa , Italy .
Galileo grew up to be a star - gazer who built a telescope so he could get a better look at the Copernican view that the Sun was not revolving around the Earth as the Catholic church and most everybody else said it did .
He paid mightily for sticking to his views , but ended up splitting the difference with the church , creating a “ do n’t ask ; do n’t tell ” situation that separated the church ’s “ metaphysics ” from his “ science . ”
Often described as the first “ experimental scientist , ” Galileo has become the darling of the modern skeptics movement .
The 2005 World Skeptics ’ Convention was dedicated to Galileo
“ Galileo is the great martyr to the skeptical cause , ” Paul Kurtz , Chairman of the Committee for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal ( CSICOP ) told the skeptical audience .
“ He rejected occult explanations , and he championed a new method involving experimentation , hypotheses , theories , and mathematics . ”
Yes , he rejected those “ occult explanations . ”
Unfortunately , he like some latter - day “ skeptics ” was sometimes too quick to judge an unconventional theory as supernatural .
Here ’s the “ skeptical ” Galileo on Kepler ’s science :
“ Among the great men who have philosophized about [ the action of the tides ] , the one who surprised me most is Kepler .
He was a person of independent genius , [ but he ] became interested in the action of the moon on the water , and in other occult phenomena , and similar childishness . ”
Lupercalia is a great Roman feastday honoring Lupercus , the she - wolf who suckled Romulus and Remus the twins for whom Rome is named .
The feast also honors the god Pan in his role as giver of abundance , protector of flocks and fields .
This is a day on communicating with animals is especially favored , and animals are said to assist humans .
Why they ’d want to talk to us given that the festival begins with the sacrifice of two male goats and a dog , they are n’t saying .
The sacrificial feast followed , after which in the skins of the sacrificed goats , in imitation of Lupercus , and ran round the city striking the people who crowded near .
Girls and young women would line up on their route to receive lashes from these whips .
Ordinary social rules were relaxed , and where men and women engaged in shameless flirting and sexuality .
Traces of Lupercalia remain in our culture today .
February , the month in which it is held , is named for the februa – a Latin term describing anything used “ to purify “ , including a priest ’s goatskin flogger .
Venus is still recognized as the Goddess of Love on that day , although love of a more chastely kind turning this “ feast of the flesh ” into a “ ritual for romance ” .
Gaul ’s “ love lotteries ” evolved into the exchange of Valentine ’s Cards .
Cupid remains an enduring Valentine ’s Day symbol but the Cupid of ancient Rome bears little resemblance to the cute winged baby with a bow and arrow we know .
He was a virile , randy youth , answerable for impregnating many , many females – mortals and goddesses alike .
And then there is the “ Heart ” :
“ That blood red symbol which bears no relation in shape to the organ of the same name , but if we were to imagine the imprint that might be left on the buttocks of a woman who has copulated in canine fashion with a young Priest clad only in a bloody goatskin loincloth …
We may come closer to understanding the true origin of this mysterious symbol of blessed love . ”
Dragon ’s Blood
In the Norse calendar today celebrates Siegfried , greatest of all warrior heroes , who understood the songs of forest birds after slaying the dragon Fafner and inadvertently tasting its blood .
Nehan , the sleeping holy day , is celebrated by Japanese Zen Buddhists on this day to honor the Buddha ’s attainment of parinirvana .
Some Buddhists mark the anniversary of Buddha ’s death on this day .
Japanese Zen Buddhists on this day to honor the Buddha ’s attainment of parinirvana .
Some Buddhists mark the anniversary of Buddha ’s death on this day .
The Big Smoke is how the Iroquois celebrate their mid-winter festival that begins just after the midwinter New Moon when the Sun is in Aquarius .
It is a time of purification and forgiveness celebrated by burning tobacco to purge the offenses and grudges of the old year .
Newly born children receive their names , and the year ahead is forecast in dream telling , celebrated in music and dance .
John Frum Day
Truth be told I ’d often heard the term Cargo Cult , but did n’t know the origins of the term until today , and what an amazing definition it has .
According to Damn Interesting , the term “ cargo cult science ” was coined by physicist Richard Feynman as a metaphor for research which is polluted by the mind ’s tendency to cherry - pick evidence that supports the desired outcome , which describes what happened to cause the natives of Tanna Island of Vanuatu , a once the isolated domain of cannibals and a few hapless missionaries , to create the John Frum Cargo Cult , which is celebrated on Feb. 15 .
One day in the mid 1940s , the US military descended on the tiny island kingdom to build a supply base for the Pacific campaign .
The military recruited the natives to help them build the base , rocked the Vanuatu natives ’ world was the supplies dropped onto the island , and shared with the natives
The aircraft delivered crates filled with clothing , tents , weapons , tools , canned foods , and other goods to the island ’s new residents .
The natives learned that this bounty from the sky was known to the American servicemen as “ cargo . ”
“ When the war ended several years later , the Americans departed as suddenly as they had arrived .
Military bases were abandoned , and the steady flow of cargo which had altered the islanders ’ lives completely dried up .
The men and women of Tanna Island had grown to enjoy the radios , trucks , boats , watches , iceboxes , medicine , Coca - Cola , canned meat , and candy , so they set into motion a plan to bring back the cargo .
They had surreptitiously learned the secrets of summoning the cargo by observing the practices of the American airmen , sailors and soldiers .
The islanders set to work clearing their own kind of landing strips , and they erected their own control towers strung with rope and bamboo aerials .
They carved wooden radio headsets with bamboo antennae , and even the occasional wooden air - traffic controller .
Day after day , men from the village sat in their towers wearing their replica headsets as others stood on the runways and waved the landing signals to attract cargo - bringing airplanes from the empty sky .
More towers were constructed , these with tin cans strung on wires to imitate radio stations so John Frum could communicate with his people .
Piers were also erected in an effort to attract ships laden with cargo , and the Red Cross emblem seen on wartime ambulances was taken as the symbol of the resurging religion .
Today villages surrounding Yasur Volcano are dotted with little red crosses surrounded by picket fences , silently testifying to the islander ’s faith .
Read more at John Frum and the Cargo Cults @ Damn Interesting
Hey , maybe we should start an Ides of February cult ?
Of course , if Aaron had any say in making the rules , we ’d all end up sleeping by the light of salt lamps .
Maybe we should wait to see how the first Ides of February festivities turn out before making a definite commitment .
After Downing Street
April 6 , 2008
Doris “ Granny D ” Haddock , 98 , was just in Gettysburg and delivered the remarks copied below .
Thank you .
It is a great honor to be here again .
One should never bring a long speech to Gettysburg , so I shall be only two or three times as long as Mr. Lincoln .
I first met some of you eight years ago .
We were all so worried about losing our democracy that we were wiling to walk across the country and go to jail .
You meet the nicest people in the Washington jail , by the way – that ’s where I met Lou and Patricia Hammann .
Eight years ago we could not have imagined what our country was headed into .
We could not have imagined how many protests , how many marches , how many letters , phone calls , emails , posters , banners , and campaigns we were in for .
We could not have imagined the amazing people who have come into our vision , for good and for ill .
We could never in our wildest imaginings have come up with a story about how the US would attack countries at will based on phony propaganda , how we would become a country that tortures people , how we would become a country that spits on the grave of every patriot who lived or died for our freedoms under the Bill of Rights .
Just those eight years ago , we could not have imagined stolen elections , an eviscerated and cowardly Congress , or eviscerated and cowardly national news organizations that refused to see and report the obvious , or editorial pages that refused to call for the obvious .
It has been a remarkable time .
Before the Iraq invasion , you know many of us were on Capitol Hill trying to talk sense into some people .
The people who knew very well that there were no weapons of mass destruction in Iraq were the arms inspectors .
They were on Capitol Hill too , trying to talk sense into those people .
Senators did not want to talk to them because the Senators knew very well what the truth was .
They knew that , if we wanted to keep looking for those weapons , we only needed to put our inspectors back in .
The inspectors were telling everyone that they then had the freedom to go anywhere and look at anything in Iraq .
They only stopped looking because Mr. Bush called them home so he could have his little war .
Those inspectors wanted to go back and keep looking .
Here ’s something you may not know or may have forgotten : Saddam Hussein , several weeks before our attack , invited our military to come in and look at anything they wanted to look at .
They were invited to come in , fully armed , and look wherever they wanted .
Our administration said no thank you .
The incredible Mr. Richard Perle , who used to live next door to my late daughter in Washington and who did n’t like my support van parked on the street when I arrived after my long walk , evidently , according to the New York Times of November 6 , 2003 , went to London to meet on behalf of Mr. Bush with a representative of Iraq who made this offer .
No thanks , was the silent response .
How is that not treason against this nation and all who have died ?
Men like John McCain knew all this .
Men like John Kerry knew all this .
In fact , most the people in Kerry ’s home state knew all this .
They tried to get appointments with him to talk it over .
He refused .
Some , desperate for his attention , went to sit in at his office in Boston and were arrested .
Bishops tried to get to him and offered to be arrested .
He would not listen , because he already knew the truth and knew he would turn away from it in order to have a chance for the presidency .
Of course , he thereby killed his chance for the presidency .
Millions of Americans marched to stop that attack because WE ALL KNEW .
We all knew .
We all did .
The people who voted to go to war did so–sent young men and women to die , sent our bombs to fall on innocent families abroad–to better their chances to run for president .
Was there ever a more cynical and unpatriotic act than that ?
Do their hands not drip with the blood of our children and the world ’s children ?
Indeed they do .
And do we believe them when they now say they were fooled by Mr. Bush ?
That they had no idea that he would go to war with their vote , when the name of the bill was in fact the Joint Resolution to Authorize the Use of United States Armed Forces Against Iraq ?
What does it say about them if they were fooled when millions of us were in the streets because we were not fooled ?
I mention all this only to make the point that we have not exactly turned our country around with all our efforts .
The same lobbyists who were swiveling in their chairs and blowing smoke rings around our Declaration of Independence are swiveling yet , blowing smoke yet .
The same politicians who were selling out our poor and our middle class for their rich friends are still on the prowl , still selling us out at every opportunity .
And now , when the great casino called Wall Street is toppling , corruption will allow our tax dollars to prop it up .
The same harm that was being inflicted on our planet then is even more so today , with very little time left to save the day and save the night and the winter , spring , summer and fall .
And yet I see that these people who stood up and who marched and who were willing to go to jail to move America back into the brighter path have changed things .
It is very hard to turn a great ship around when it is going fast in the wrong direction .
But the ship has turned .
I feel it .
I see it in young faces .
Some of us have grown weary of trying to bring America around .
Some have given up for a time .
Some no longer see the point of standing on street corners with signs or making demands of their tone - deaf Congressmen .
It is tiring and discouraging .
The arrival of the young people in this election year are a great boost , but it is tiring work , nevertheless .
And the biggest fights are still ahead ?
Indeed , the revolution we require is yet ahead – a revolution away from coal and oil , away from corporate domination and corrupt governance , and toward a new way of living — a way of living as neighbors , friends , people of the earth who are not the enemies of the earth , of nature .
We are on that path now , though the road is hardly marked with yellow bricks .
Creative leadership is not the essential ingredient .
We need leaders who can inspire the American people and the people of the world to move in new directions quickly .
We need creative leaders who will so inspire the common man and woman that corrupt Congresses will have no ability to resist .
Creative leaders , honest election systems , an economy redesigned to make communities self - sufficient and healthier , and an education system designed to make all of us and our children the well - informed , bright , creative , interested and interesting people needed to run a democracy : these are the visions we must hold in the backs of our eyes now .
We have been running America for many decades with negative visualizations .
You see it even in the movies .
Before 9 - 11 , all the big summer films were about aliens attacking the United States , and hero presidents jumping in jets to save us .
The movies did n’t bring on that history , but what we think and what we dream have an effect in the world .
We have to make room in the world for what we dream of by actually dreaming it , by making space for it , by making it imaginable to others through our own creative leadership in our own families and neighborhoods .
Let ’s not be tired .
Let ’s not be old .
Let ’s make a new beginning by getting together with our neighbors more often .
How about next week ?
Let ’s plant some more vegetable gardens .
Let ’s make some furniture or art .
Let ’s fix up some bicycles .
Let ’s get the whole neighborhood to go down to visit the local office of our elected people and get them on board or scare the hell out of them .
This is our democracy if we can keep it .
This is a grand planet if we can save it .
It really is up to us .
Each person is the hero of the world , and , in saying that , I do not joke or exaggerate .
Every one of you has the power to do this , to start something big … and necessary … and beautiful .
Thank you very much .
WATCH ALEX JONES ’ ENDGAME ONLINE NOW in its entirety .
View more
High quality trailers at www.endgamethemovie.com
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
By Ben Cohen
With the pundit classes prognosticating themselves into oblivion , it was hard to decipher exactly what happened during yesterdays ' Super Tuesday ' .
Having built Obama up into the ultimate dragon slayer over the last week , it was virtually impossible for him to claim the victory his performance really was .
The fact is , this really was a victory for Barack Obama .
He dramatically closed the gap Clinton wielded over him for many months , even beating her in the amount of delegates won .
Clinton beat Obama in all the places she was expected to , albeit by a smaller margin ( except for California ) , while Obama swept the mid west , beat Clinton in Connecticut and Missouri , and hammered her in the South .
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
Obama still has an uphill struggle against the Clinton machine , but he has considerable resources to do so .
He raised almost three times as much money as she did over January , putting him in top shape for the continuing war for votes .
The pundits will no doubt put their spin on events , building candidates up or tearing them down according to the various polls or endorsements , but the race really is very tight with no Democrat assured of victory .
Stay tuned to The Daily Banter for the serious analysis .
Some pre-debate polls to ponder .
I am getting the feeling that until March 4th , we ’ll see an absolute deluge of polls .
It ’ll be like the build up to Iowa and New Hampshire — probably worse .
We ’ll try to temper our poll addiction , but these latest from the Washington Post - ABC News are sure interesting :
Sen . Hillary Rodham Clinton , facing a pair of big Democratic primary tests on March 4 that could determine the fate of her presidential candidacy , is deadlocked with Sen.
Barack Obama here in Texas and holds a slender lead over him in Ohio , according to two new Washington Post - ABC News polls .
The closeness of the races in Texas and Ohio underscore the challenges facing Clinton over the next 12 days of campaigning as she seeks to end Obama ’s double - digit winning streak in their battle for the Democratic nomination .
Those victories have given Obama a lead in delegates to the national convention and have put Clinton ’s candidacy at risk unless she can rack up a string of big victories of her own .
In Ohio , Clinton leads Obama in the new poll by 50 percent to 43 percent , a significant but tenuous advantage given the shifts that have taken place elsewhere as candidates intensified their campaigns in advance of previous primaries .
In Texas , the race is even , with Clinton at 48 percent and Obama at 47 percent .
More On Sequoia 's Legal Threats Against Ed Felten : The Intimidation Worked
from the freedom - to - threaten - lawsuits dept
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
Yesterday we covered the threats that e-voting firm Sequoia had sent to Ed Felten and to various officials in New Jersey .
Unfortunately , it appears those threats worked : the election officials have backed down and agreed not to send Felten the machine to test .
News.com has more details on both the reason for the test and Sequoia 's response to the whole mess .
The reason ?
Shockingly enough , Sequoia 's e-voting machines malfunctioned during the primary in a way that should scare you : it gave two different vote counts .
You would think that 's a pretty good reason for allowing a qualified , well - respected researcher like Felten to check out the machines .
No such luck .
Sequoia has tried to explain it away as a bug , but that does n't explain why the machines should n't be tested by a third party .
Sequoia 's response to that question is disingenuous , claiming that the company " supports third party reviews and testing of its election equipment . "
If that 's so , then why not Ed Felten ?
Well , because Sequoia says that the machines have already been through a " rigorous " independent review from an accredited Voting System Test Labs .
Ah ?
Would that be one of the accredited Voting System Test Labs that was barred from further testing for not having proper controls in place and having no evidence that tests were actually conducted ?
Most of those tests have very limited real - world applicability -- which is what Felten is good at testing .
Sequoia also lists out some independent tests in other states that the company was forced into accepting , as if it willingly took part in them .
Yet , what the company does n't explain is what it 's so scared of in having Felten test its machine .
If the company is confident in the machines , then where 's the problem ?
As a last resort , Sequoia appeals to the fact that such a test would break a licensing agreement , noting that " Licensing agreements are standard practice in the technology industry . "
That 's clearly a cop out .
While it may be legally correct , it 's no reason not to let a researcher try to figure out if there are any problems with its machines .
This is n't some random technology here .
This is the technology we 're trusting with providing a free and fair election .
Sequoia should be ashamed of pulling out legal threats and weak excuses .
Filed Under : e-voting , ed felten , intimidation , new jersey
Companies : sequoia
For Beginners , Browse > Home Wordpress / 10 Reasons
Why a Blog is Better Than a Website | Super Blogging
10 Reasons Why a Blog is Better Than a Website
If you 're new here , you may want to subscribe to my RSS feed .
Thanks for visiting !
Photo credits : jurvetson .
So many people wonder whether they should start their online hobby or business as a blog or a static website .
The two have many differences , but I honestly believe that in most cases a person should start a blog instead of a website .
Some still remain unconvinced , especially since blogs are newer on the scene .
However , these are the reasons why I think a dynamic blog is better than a static website .
1. Blogs are easier to setup and manage .
A blog can be installed with WordPress , the best blogging platform and my choice , in five minutes .
You do n’t have to get up close and personal with coding it , all of the core files are already there for you and all you have to do is upload them and create a database ( which takes two seconds ) .
You can find an amazingly beautiful theme or design , upload it in one minute , and if you want you can easily tweak it .
You can login to the user - friendly dashboard and write your content , manage your categories and comments , change your options or blogroll , and much more without dealing with anything over the top and complicated .
The blog platform does all the work with the technical stuff while you get to enjoy writing for your site and running it however you like .
2. Blogs retain interest .
Because blogs are updated all the time and it ’s easy to browse through them and all of their content , that makes them a favorite with online visitors and readers .
A visitor is much more likely to return to a blog than a static website .
Blogs catch and hold attention and it ’s easier for the reader to get lost in one for hours since the content is navigated the way it is .
That can happen with a website , but it ’s a lot less likely .
Blogs are at more of a personal level , and all of the posts are easily accessible and featured for the readers .
Instead of a website where visitors have to crawl through page after boring page , consider a blog and keep your readers longer and have them coming back all the time for more .
3 . Blogs are more search engine friendly .
Just like they ’re reader friendly for being updated all the time and having a huge collection of interlinked content , they ’re search engine friendly for those same reasons as well .
It ’s not always true , but more than likely that a blog will rank better in search engines than your average website .
The more a site is updated , the more often a search engine bot will come back and crawl your site so they can quickly index the new things you have to offer .
And when a bot is coming to crawl your site , it will have many more options with a blog since all of the content is linked to and featured everywhere .
Besides those things , blogs are easy to optimize , especially with all the plugins available ( see All In One SEO Pack ) .
And blogs attract links more than static websites as well , which will help you out in the search engines too .
4 . Blogs gain an audience more easily .
Just like how I mentioned that blogs retain interest , they also more easily gain an audience .
With the abundance of content and such a navigable site , readers will like your blog .
A blog will also be found for the first time by visitors because they are usually much more popular than a static website .
If you write good content and provide things of interest , you ’ll get noticed easily .
And once you start building a readerbase , your readers will help promote your blog for you .
People will talk about you , link to you , and grow your blog for you .
Usually when I first learn about a blog I learn about it through someone else or another a blog I read .
People like to stay on top of blogs about topics they ’re interested in , and that ’s easier to do with a blog .
And for an audience , the easier it is the better .
5 . Blogs help build author and visitor interaction .
When you have a static website your visitors are n’t going to be known to you like they would with a blog .
With a blog , anyone who likes your page or post can comment on it .
You ’ll start to learn your readers ’ names and their own blogs or sites .
You ’ll have conversations with them and discuss topics through the comments or email .
And even if a reader does n’t comment , you might see them voting for your content a lot via social media , their avatar might be popping up a lot on your MyBlogLog widget , or you might be getting linked to by them and see it via your trackbacks and incoming links .
As your blog grows you ’ll come to recognize hundreds to even thousands of your readers , with dozens becoming people you know much more closely .
6 . Blogs can be made to look however you want .
Like I mentioned earlier , you can achieve any look you want with your blog , WITHOUT having to get up close and personal with the coding .
There are so many free themes , plugins , and resources available that are already built and coded for you – all you usually have to do is upload them and click the ‘ activate ’ button .
If you find a theme you like you can upload it , and if necessary , tweak it here and there to make it perfect for your blog .
Plugins can manage and run things automatically without you having to lift a finger after you install one .
There are plugins that work behind the scenes and block spam , create navigation systems , generate sitemaps , and enforces WWW or non-WWW for your blog .
Then there are visual ones , like plugins that encourage visitors to subscribe , create contact forms , rotate advertisement banners , let you create polls for your blog , and thousands more .
A blog can look however your heart desires – it can even look like a static website if that ’s what you want , while still being managed much more easily .
7. Blogs allow readers to subscribe via RSS .
RSS readers are one of the most valuable things a blog can have .
Subscribers are people who love your blog and what you write so much that they want it delivered to their feed aggregator or their email inbox each day .
They are people who are targeted to your content and are probably your blog ’s biggest fans .
By allowing people to subscribe , developing regular readers is even easier than it was before .
The amount of RSS subscribers a blog has is one of the ways to determine how popular and valuable it is .
Besides providing value to you , it provides obvious value to your readers as well and makes things much easier for them to read everything you write .
8 . Blogs are popular with social media sites .
Since blogs have a bigger sense of community and the blog owner and readers interact , ( as well as bloggers interacting with other bloggers ) , you ’d know blogs are popular with social media sites , like Super Blogging ’s readers ’ favorite StumbleUpon .
Since you ’re already building relationships with the readers who come to your blog , it ’s easy to encourage social media votes and promote your blog this way .
Loyal visitors and blogging friends will often vote for your best content , and using a blog over a website content is easier to promote .
9 . Blogs build links much more easily .
And again , since blogs have such a huge community and personal aspect to them , they gather much more links .
Bloggers try to link to other blogs as much as possible , not only because this helps build exposure and traffic ( since a blogger is alerted whenever they receive a link ) , but also because blogs are huge sources of easily browsed information to direct their readers to .
At Super Blogging you might notice I do weekly roundups called “ The Best of the Blogosphere ” .
I do this to point my readers to fantastic content from other bloggers , and also to get those other bloggers ’ attention .
And since blogs collect many links each day or week , they often develop better rankings in search engines as well .
10 .
Blogs are better for a million more reasons .
What other reasons do you need ?
They ’re easier to setup , easier to manage , have thousands of free themes and plugins to install , build a loyal readerbase quicker , are promoted by others , retain interest , are more popular with search engines AND social media , are easily customized , promote interaction , offer RSS subscriptions , and much more .
Websites used to be the only choice , but blogs are quickly gaining popularity to overrank them .
It always depends on the goal you want to achieve , but 95 % of the time I ’d tell you to start a blog .
Did I leave any out ?
Please let me know if forgot any reasons stating why a blog is better than a website , or if you think differently , please tell me why in the comments as well .
What do you think ?
Is a blog better than a static website , or is it the other way around ?
If you enjoyed this post , make sure you subscribe to my RSS feed
Comments
The purpose of this site is to help the user make a rapid improvement in the company 's market share , revenues and profits .
Strategy Street enables the user to diagnose the company situation accurately and to improve competitiveness by using several thousand ideas created by management teams over the last 25 years .
More Information >>
CHOOSE WHAT YOU WOULD LIKE TO DO :
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President George W. Bush said on Thursday he would suspend U.S. troop withdrawals from Iraq this summer but cut the length of tours of duty , as he defended his war policy that will leave any resolution of the conflict to his successor .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
Bush endorsed a recommendation by his commander in Iraq , Gen. David Petraeus , to complete a limited withdrawal of combat forces by July but then impose a 45 - day freeze on the total number of troops at about 140,000 to assess the security situation before considering more cuts .
“ I ’ve told him he ’ll have all the time he needs , ” Bush said .
Petraeus had told a contentious congressional debate on the costly and unpopular war this week that progress was “ fragile and reversible ” and a renewed outbreak of violence had killed 20 U.S. troops so far in April .
Under Bush ’s plan , the military will complete a withdrawal in July of some 20,000 extra combat troops deployed in the last year but then pause before deciding whether more can be pulled out .
Bush has repeatedly said his decisions on U.S. troops in Iraq would be based on advice from commanders on the ground and he has opposed setting timetables for withdrawal .
His decision means that more than 100,000 U.S. troops will almost certainly be in Iraq when Bush ’s successor takes over in January .
Iraq has again become a major issue in the campaign for the November elections .
The president , under pressure over strains on the U.S. military created by the demands of Iraq , said the tour of duty for troops in Iraq and Afghanistan will be reduced to one year from 15 months .
“ To ease the burden on our troops and their families , I have directed the secretary of defense to reduce deployment lengths from 15 months to 12 months , ” Bush said .
The changes would be effective for troops deploying starting August 1 , Bush said at the White House before leaving for a long weekend at his ranch in Crawford , Texas .
Britney Spears ' Barely ' Keeps Her Top On ( Photos )
is back in town .
As reported by many , she has landed back at her Hollywood pad but only long enough to put on a sexy camisole and off she went again in her Mercedes .
We 've got some shots that show her barely staying in her top .
The saga continues for besieged Brit .
She headed to a local Starbucks with her assistant Karla riding shotgun .
The two were apparently unaware of having a flat tire , because they motored around town for a full hour before causing a traffic jam at a busy intersection on Sunset Boulevard .
What to do now ?
Being very resourceful , they bailed from the Mercedes and hitched a ride with the paparazzi .
She 's getting pretty good at that .
This time her driver was Fabrizio Mariotto .
The good gentleman drove her back to her gated community , The Summit .
She and Karla hit the streets again in the assistant 's modest Toyota .
They later dined at the Four Seasons and then Britney checked into a room at The Peninsula .
More pictures so keep on reading .
Summary : Between the ages of 25 and 60 , people 's ability to use websites declines by 0.8 % per year - mostly because they spend more time per page , but also because of navigation difficulties .
Based on extensive research , we 've developed special Web usability guidelines for young children , teenagers , and senior citizens .
Each of these age groups have specific characteristics that designers must understand to attract young or old users to their sites .
But what about people in the middle ?
We do n't even have a real name for them — I usually just call people between 25 and 60 years old " mainstream users . "
This is by far the most important age group for several reasons :
There are more of them than in the young or old age groups .
In the U.S. , 49 % of the population is between 25 and 60 years old ( 35 % are younger and 16 % are older ) .
than in the young or old age groups .
In the U.S. , of the population is between 25 and 60 years old ( 35 % are younger and 16 % are older ) .
Mainstream users have all the good jobs ; they 're the richest , and they spend the most money online .
, and they spend the most money online .
Almost all B2B sites target this age group .
This is especially true if we extend the " mainstream " definition to include people up to 65 years old ; beyond that , we officially start calling them " seniors " in our usability research .
Virtually all intranet users fall within this group , especially if we extend the age range to 65 .
I just finished analyzing the quantitative data from our study last month and derived some insights into middle - aged users even though age - related differences were not the original target of the research .
User Performance Data by Age
Between the ages of 25 and 60 , the time users need to complete website tasks increases by 0.8 % per year .
In other words , a 40 - year - old user will take 8 % longer than a 30 - year - old user to accomplish the same task .
And a 50 - year - old user will require an additional 8 % more time .
( Mathematically inclined readers will note that this increase is linear , not exponential . )
This finding is statistically significant at the 5 % level , given the 61 users in our study .
Does this mean that people in their 40s or 50s can't do their jobs ?
Not at all .
There are many other ways in which people get better with age .
Individual differences swamp the tiny age - related difference in the 25 - to 60 - year - old group .
Users are extraordinarily variable in their use of websites and intranets .
I have a 5 - 5 - 5 rule for task times while using websites : Across a broad range of studies , our data shows that
the slowest 5 % of users are
of users are about 5 times as slow
as the fastest 5 % of users ,
meaning that the slowest users need 400 % more time to perform the same tasks .
The 0.8 % difference caused by each year of aging pales in comparison .
So , a fast 50 - year - old will beat a slow 30 - year - old every day — by several hundred percent .
Why Web Performance Declines With Age
Two factors cause the 0.8 % increase in task time .
For each additional year of age , users :
spend 0.5 % more time on each page , and
, and visit 0.3 % more pages per task .
In other words , the biggest factor is that older users need more time to understand pages , scan the text , and extract the information .
A smaller — but still substantial — problem is that people have more trouble navigating websites as they age .
It 's not surprising that users need more time to use websites as they age , even within the mainstream group of 25 – 60 year olds .
The human aging process starts around age 25 and causes erosion of cognitive resources , loss of visual acuity , degraded reaction times , and reduced dexterity .
People need more time for the same mental operations ; they have less memory capacity and take longer to process the same perceptual input .
All of these elements of human performance impact the speed with which users can get something done on a website .
There 's also a covariant : the age at which people started using the Web .
Because the Web is relatively new , a 50 - year - old might have started using it at age 40 , whereas a 30 - year - old might have started at age 20 .
In contrast , by 2050 , a 50 - year - old will have used the Web since age 5 , and thus benefit from 45 years of experience .
A 30 - year - old user in 2050 will have only 25 years '
Web experience .
This added experience might eventually allow older users to catch up and somewhat reduce the 0.8 % gap .
Although we obviously can't predict the future , my guess is that the age penalty will drop to around 0.5 % / year .
Still , this does n't matter much for your Web strategy over the next 10 years : the 0.8 % level is where we 're at and where we 'll remain for some time .
Mainstream Aging vs. Senior Citizens
So , for each year that people age between 25 and 60 , our current estimate is that they get 0.8 % slower at using websites .
How does this compare with our research findings that senior citizens are 74 % slower at using websites than mainstream users ?
A typical senior at 75 is 40 years older than a typical mainstream user at 35 , so 0.8 % per year should correspond to only a 32 % slow - down for seniors .
The difference here is explained by the fact that aging starts early , but accelerates drastically around 60 years of age , and especially after 70 years .
Curves of cognitive , perceptual , and motor - skill decline have a hockey - stick shape .
This is why there are separate usability guidelines for making websites usable for seniors .
After 65 years of age or so , differences in user needs are so drastic that we require explicit steps to cater to them .
So , the 0.8 % / year slow - down is valid only for the mainstream period of 25 – 60 years of age .
For older users , performance declines faster .
Income and Website Performance
Within the 25 –60 age group , there is a strong positive correlation between age and income : senior staff members tend to be paid more than junior staff members .
I made my estimate of a 0.8 % increase in task time per year after separating the effects of age and income .
Thus , this is an effect of age on its own , controlling for income .
After separating out the effects of age , income showed a marginally significant affect ( p=.09 ) on the Web performance of our study 's 61 users .
After removing the age effect , the income effect is that people need 2.2 % less time to use a website for every $ 10,000 increase in earnings .
Here , we must consider causality : it 's not because people make more money that they are better at using websites .
In fact , the explanation is just the opposite : it 's because people are better at using websites that they get paid more .
Or , more realistically , people with superior cognitive resources are faster at using websites , and bigger brains bring bigger bucks .
( Outside the laboratory , there might indeed be some tendency to better Web performance simply because people are rich : being able to afford a bigger monitor can definitely improve your website use because you can see more information without scrolling .
In our study , however , all test participants used the same type computer , the same screen , and the same speed Internet connection , so rich users did n't have equipment advantages .
Thus , that 's not the reason for our finding . )
Implications of the 0.8 % / Year Performance Decrease
What are the practical implications of these new research findings for designing websites ?
Not much .
Although you need separate guidelines for seniors and truly young users , you do n't need different usability guidelines for your 50 - year - old vs. 30 - year - old customers .
( Obviously , 50 - and 30 - year - old users are often interested in different content — they might have different taste in music , for example — but they do n't need different interaction features to access their preferred content . )
Given the Web's current state , a few percentage points ' difference is simply not enough to warrant special usability attention .
You should focus on those usability issues that can almost double the business value of your site ( or your intranet ) .
Usually , it 's enough to test with 5 users because a handful of test sessions suffice to identify these huge design blunders .
The fact that we needed 61 test users to discover the age differences within the mainstream range is a good indication that we 're talking about a subtle effect that should be a secondary — or tertiary — consideration in practical design projects .
I do have two actionable conclusions for you :
U.S. Supreme Court
Watts v. United States
No .
1107 , Misc .
Decided April 21 , 1969
394 U.S. 705
ON PETITION FOR WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES
COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA CIRCUIT
Syllabus
Petitioner 's remark during political debate at small public gathering that , if inducted into Army ( which he vowed would never occur ) and made to carry a rifle " the first man I want to get in my sights is L.B.J. , " held to be crude political hyperbole which , in light of its context and conditional nature , did not constitute a knowing and willful threat against the President within the coverage of 18 U.S.C. § 871(a ) .
Certiorari granted ; 131 U.S.App.D.C. 125 , 402 F.2d 676 , reversed and remanded .
PER CURIAM .
After a jury trial in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia , petitioner was convicted of violating a 1917 statute which prohibits any person from " knowingly and willfully . . . [ making ] any threat to take the life of or to inflict bodily harm upon the President of the United States .
. . . " *
The incident
Page 394 U. S. 706
which led to petitioner 's arrest occurred on August 27 , 1966 , during a public rally on the Washington Monument grounds .
The crowd present broke up into small discussion groups and petitioner joined a gathering scheduled to discuss police brutality .
Most of those in the group were quite young , either in their teens or early twenties .
Petitioner , who himself was 18 years old , entered into the discussion after one member of the group suggested that the young people present should get more education before expressing their views .
According to an investigator for the Army Counter Intelligence Corps who was present , petitioner responded :
" They always holler at us to get an education .
And now I have already received my draft classification as 1 - A and I have got to report for my physical this Monday coming .
I am not going .
If they ever make me carry a rifle the first man I want to get in my sights is L.B.J . "
" They are not going to make me kill my black brothers . "
On the basis of this statement , the jury found that petitioner had committed a felony by knowingly and willfully threatening the President .
The United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit affirmed by a two - to - one vote .
131 U.S.App.D.C. 125 , 402 F.2d 676 ( 1968 ) .
We reverse .
At the close of the Government 's case , petitioner 's trial counsel moved for a judgment of acquittal .
He contended that there was
" absolutely no evidence on the basis of which the jury would be entitled to find that [ petitioner ] made a threat against the life of the President . "
Page 394 U. S. 707
He stressed the fact that petitioner 's statement was made during a political debate , that it was expressly made conditional upon an event -- induction into the Armed Forces -- which petitioner vowed would never occur , and that both petitioner and the crowd laughed after the statement was made .
He concluded ,
" Now actually what happened here in all this was a kind of very crude offensive method of stating a political opposition to the President .
What he was saying , he says , I do n't want to shoot black people because I do n't consider them my enemy , and if they put a rifle in my hand it is the people that put the rifle in my hand , as symbolized by the President , who are my real enemy . "
We hold that the trial judge erred in denying this motion .
Certainly the statute under which petitioner was convicted is constitutional on its face .
The Nation undoubtedly has a valid , even an overwhelming , interest in protecting the safety of its Chief Executive and in allowing him to perform his duties without interference from threats of physical violence .
See H.R. Rep. No. 652 , 64th Cong. , 1st Sess. ( 1916 ) .
Nevertheless , a statute such as this one , which makes criminal a form of pure speech , must be interpreted with the commands of the First Amendment clearly in mind .
What is a threat must be distinguished from what is constitutionally protected speech .
The judges in the Court of Appeals differed over whether or not the " willfullness " requirement of the statute implied that a defendant must have intended to carry out his " threat . "
Some early cases found the willfulness requirement met if the speaker voluntarily uttered the charged words with " an apparent determination to carry them into execution . "
Ragansky v. United States , 253 F. 643 , 645 ( C.A. 7th Cir.1918 ) ( emphasis supplied ) ; cf. Piece v. United States , 365 F.2d 292 ( C.A .
Page 394 U. S. 708
10th Cir.1966 ) .
The majority below seemed to agree .
Perhaps this interpretation is correct , although we have grave doubts about it .
See the dissenting opinion below , 131 U.S.App.D.C. at 135-142 , 402 F.2d at 686-693 ( Wright , J. ) .
But whatever the " willfullness " requirement implies , the statute initially requires the Government to prove a true " threat . "
We do not believe that the kind of political hyperbole indulged in by petitioner fits within that statutory term .
For we must interpret the language Congress chose
" against the background of a profound national commitment to the principle that debate on public issues should be uninhibited , robust , and wide - open , and that it may well include vehement , caustic , and sometimes unpleasantly sharp attacks on government and public officials . "
New York Times Co. v. Sullivan , 376 U. S. 254 , 376 U. S. 270 ( 1964 ) .
The language of the political arena , like the language used in labor disputes , see Linn v. United Plant Guard Workers of America , 383 U. S. 53 , 383 U. S. 58 ( 1966 ) , is often vituperative , abusive , and inexact .
We agree with petitioner that his only offense here was " a kind of very crude offensive method of stating a political opposition to the President . "
Taken in context , and regarding the expressly conditional nature of the statement and the reaction of the listeners , we do not see how it could be interpreted otherwise .
The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and the petition for a writ of certiorari are granted and the judgment of the Court of Appeals is reversed .
The case is remanded with instructions that it be returned to the District Court for entry of a judgment of acquittal .
It is so ordered .
MR. JUSTICE STEWART would deny the petition for certiorari .
MR. JUSTICE WHITE dissents .
Page 394 U. S. 709
* 18 U.S.C. § 871 ( a ) provides :
" Whoever knowingly and willfully deposits for conveyance in the mail or for a delivery from any post office or by any letter carrier any letter , paper , writing , print , missive , or document containing any threat to take the life of or to inflict bodily harm upon the President of the United States , the President - elect , the Vice President or other officer next in the order of succession to the office of President of the United States , or the Vice President - elect , or knowingly and willfully otherwise makes any such threat against the President , President - elect , Vice President or other officer next in the order of succession to the office of President , or Vice President - elect , shall be fined not more than $ 1,000 or imprisoned not more than five years , or both . "
MR. JUSTICE DOUGLAS , concurring .
The charge in this case is of an ancient vintage .
The federal statute under which petitioner was convicted traces its ancestry to the Statute of Treasons ( 25 Edw .
3 ) which made it a crime to " compass or imagine the Death of . . . the King . "
Note , Threats to Take the Life of the President , 32 Harv.L.Rev. 724 , 725 ( 1919 ) .
It is said that one Walter Walker , a 15th century keeper of an inn known as the " Crown , " was convicted under the Statute of Treasons for telling his son : " Tom , if thou behavest thyself well , I will make thee heir to the CROWN . "
He was found guilty of compassing and imagining the death of the King , hanged , drawn , and quartered .
1 J. Campbell , Lives of the Chief Justices of England 151 ( 1873 ) .
In the time of Edward IV , one Thomas Burdet who predicted that the king would " soon die , with a view to alienate the affections " of the people was indicted for " compassing and imagining of the death of the King , " 79 Eng. Rep. 706 ( 1477 ) -- the crime of constructive treason [ Footnote 1 ] with which the old reports are filled .
Page 394 U. S. 710
In the time of Charles II , one Edward Brownlow was indicted " for speaking these words , that he wished all the gentry in the land would kill one another , so that the comminalty might live the hetter . "
3 Middlesex County Rec. 326 ( 1888 ) .
In the same year ( 1662 ) , one Robert Thornell was indicted for saying " that , if the Kinge did side with the Bishops , the divell take Kinge and the Bishops too . "
Id. at 327 .
While our Alien and Sedition Laws were in force , John Adams , President of the United States , en route from Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , to Quincy , Massachusetts , stopped in Newark , New Jersey , where he was greeted by a crowd and by a committee that saluted him by firing a cannon .
A bystander said , " There goes the President and they are firing at his ass . "
Luther Baldwin was indicted for replying that he did not care " if they fired through his ass . "
He was convicted in the federal court for speaking " sedicious words tending to defame the President and Government of the United States " and fined , assessed court costs and expenses , and committed to jail until the fine and fees were paid .
See J. Smith , Freedom 's Fetters 270-274 ( 1956 ) .
The Alien and Sedition Laws constituted one of our sorriest chapters , and I had thought we had done with them forever .
[ Footnote 2 ]
Page 394 U. S. 711
Yet the present statute has hardly fared better .
" Like the Statute of Treasons , section 871 was passed in a ' relatively calm peacetime spring , ' but has been construed under circumstances when intolerance for free speech was much greater than it normally might be . "
Note , Threatening the President : Protected Dissenter or Political Assassin , 57 Geo.L.J. 553 , 570 ( 1969 ) .
Convictions under 18 U.S.C. § 871 have been sustained for displaying posters urging passersby to " hang [ President ] Roosevelt . "
United States v. Apel , 44 F. Supp. 592 , 593 ( D.C.N.D.Ill.1942 ) ; for declaring that " President Wilson ought to be killed .
It is a wonder some one has not done it already .
If I had an opportunity , I would do it myself . "
United States v. Stickrath , 242 F. 151 , 152 ( D.C.S.D. Ohio 1917 ) ; for declaring that " Wilson is a wooden - headed son of a bitch .
I wish Wilson was in hell , and if I had the power , I would put him there , " Clark v. United States , 250 F. 449 ( C.A. 5th Cir.1918 ) .
In sustaining an indictment under the statute against a man who indicated that he would enjoy shooting President Wilson if he had the chance , the trial court explained the thrust of § 871 :
" The purpose of the statute was undoubtedly , not only the protection of the President , but also the prohibition of just such statements as those alleged in this indictment .
The expression of such direful intentions and desires , not only indicates a spirit of disloyalty to the nation bordering upon treason , but is , in a very real sense , a menace to the peace and safety of the country .
. . .
It arouses resentment
Page 394 U. S. 712
and concern on the part of patriotic citizens . "
United States v. Jasick , 252 F. 931 , 933 ( D.C.E.D. Mich.1918 ) .
Suppression of speech as an effective police measure is an old , old device , outlawed by our Constitution .
[ Footnote 1 ]
The prosecution in those cases laid bare to the juries that the treasonous thoughts were the heart of the matter ;
" the original of his Treasons proceeded from the imagination of his heart ; which imagination was , in itself , High - Treason , albeit the same proceeded not to any overt fact : and the heart being possessed with the abundance of his traitorous imagination , and not being able so to contain itself , burst forth in vile and traitorous Speeches , and from thence to horrible and heinous actions . "
Trial of Sir John Perrot , 1 How .
St.Tr. 1315 , 1318 ( 1592 ) .
" [ T ] he high treason charged , is the compassing or imagining ( in other words , the intending or designing ) the death of the king ; I mean his NATURAL DEATH ; which being a hidden operation of the mind , an overt act is any thing which legally proves the existence of such traitorous design and intention -- I say that the design against the king 's natural life , is the high treason under the first branch of the statute , and whatever is evidence , which may be legally laid before a jury to judge of the traitorous intention , is a legal overt act ; because an overt act is nothing but legal evidence embodied upon the record . "
Trial of Thomas Mardy , 24 How .
St.Tr.199 , 894 ( 1794 ) .
And see 84 Eng. Rep. 1057 ( 1708 ) .
For a discussion of the adequacy of mere words as overt acts see 3 W. Holdsworth , History of English Law 203 ( 1927 ) .
[ Footnote 2 ]
" In the Sedition Act cases , the tendency of words to produce acts against the peace and security of the community was stretched to its utmost latitude .
Likewise , judges and juries , in their willingness to presume evil intent on the part of Republican writers , largely nullified the safeguards erected by the Sedition Act itself .
Criticism of the President and Congress -- in which every American indulges as his birthright -- was severely punished ; yet this practice manifestly has only a remote tendency to injure and bring into contempt the government of the United States .
In short , much that has become commonplace in American political life was put under the ban by the Federalist lawmakers and judges of 1798 . "
J. Miller , Crisis in Freedom 233 ( 1951 ) .
MR. JUSTICE FORTAS , with whom MR .
JUSTICE HARLAN joins , dissenting .
The Court holds , without hearing , that this statute is constitutional and that it is here wrongly applied .
Neither of these rulings should be made without hearing , even if we assume that they are correct .
Perhaps this is a trivial case because of its peculiar facts and because the petitioner was merely given a suspended sentence .
That does not justify the Court 's action .
It should induce us to deny certiorari , not to decide the case on its merits and to adjudicate the difficult questions that it presents .
If you do n't care about the inner workings of social bookmarking / news aggregation sites - Digg , in particular - I 'd suggest that you move along ; nothing to see here .
However , the Diggers among you - and I 'm told that 's 1 in 5 of NetworkWorld.com readers - are aware that recent changes in the Digg submission - ranking algorithm has caused great consternation among long - time Diggers , who believe they are being unfairly punished for having gotten good at Digg 's game , a game that has attracted multimillion - dollar acquisition interest from the likes of Google and Microsoft .
Not my fight , but it seems to me there is another problem - one directly relevant to the bigger Digg brouhaha - that Digg software engineers might address to make that site more useful to readers and more fair to these already - irritated regular content submitters :
They should do something about all these sexually transmitted diseases among teenage girls .
As I type ( as opposed to when you 'll read ) , here are five of the nine top " Hot in Health " stories as ranked on Digg 's page devoted to health issues ... and , yes , they 're all duplicate versions of the exact same news story :
1 in 4 Teenage Girls Has a Sexually Transmitted Disease Study : 1 in 4 teen girls has an STD 1 in 4 teen girls has sexual disease STDs rife among US teenage girls Tainted Love : 1 in 4 teenage girls in USA has STD
Now , I know enough about the Digg demographic to appreciate the fact that any combination of the words " teenagers " and " sex " is a sure - fire draw , but Digg 's rewarding of this obsession seems to be a bug not a feature .
The reason that this should matter to Diggers is that the " Hot in ... " lists for each subject area are a key means of exposure needed to make any given story " popular " - in other words , to have it hit Digg 's coveted front page .
If these " Hot in ... " lists are jammed with multiple copies of a single story , the odds of any particular submission making it all the way upstream to the site 's front page become even longer .
And , while I 'm not software engineer , it would seem that two factors about Digg might indicate that this single - topic dominance is fixable : 1 ) every submission is time - stamped , so giving preference to first and / or earlier entries should be easy and 2 ) the site already has an elaborate duplicate - determination system , which while largely ignored by submitters seemingly could be used to impose just a measure of discipline in the interest of providing better " Hot in ... " lists .
In other words , some combination of the two would seem capable of staunching this epidemic of teenage sex .
I work in a field where the standard for high - performance scientific computing is still Fortran ( albeit Fortran 95 nowadays ) .
The array - based nature of Fortran provides a relatively clean and intuitive syntax for solving the systems of equations often involved in numerical simulations .
The simplicity of Fortran has also facilitated highly efficient Fortran compiler implementations .
However I 'm searching for a more modern and general purpose scientific computing language .
Fortran is probably not the ideal language for writing networked graphical applications , neither I would argue is MATLAB or IDL .
SciPy has deservedly gained traction amongst scientists recently and it is certainly a very attractive option .
Unfortunately " CPython " can exhibit underwhelming performance characteristics requiring inconvenient work - arounds for CPU intensive code ( see here for an example ) .
I 'm of the belief that the ideal language should also be functional and open - source .
Some contenders I 've tried :
SAC lacks many desirable features for a general purpose programming language .
Boo is one of the most promising new " main - stream " languages but multidimensional array operations are not a core feature ( although it recently gained array slices ) .
It is also tied to the CLR .
OCaml probably comes closest , although again multidimensional arrays / matrices are not first - class citizens and the syntax is unfamiliar for most scientists ( although the " OCaml Whitespace Thing " might help here ) .
Any suggestions in my quest for a better language are welcome .
And yes I 'm aware of hacks in C++ ( Blitz ) and Java ( JScience ) ; neither of these are very promising going forward IMHO !
It 's barely 4 pm EST on Super Tuesday ™ and today I get to play pundit by calling the election hours before polls close , even on the east coast .
For me it is clear : the results are in , and America has lost .
2000 .
Seven years ago we had what amounts to a coup in the United States , not just a local finagling of votes by a party boss , but a spectacularly mounted calculated and managed effort to ensure who would get to occupy the Oval Office , with players in a number of state houses , in the media and in the Supreme Court .
The country has since gone down a road of increasing isolation , lawlessness , concentration of wealth and power , and colossal abdication of responsibility for the well - being , safety and future living conditions of its vast population .
2001 .
The brazen and deadly attacks of September 11 , 2001 on symbols of American power , instead of fortifying our resolve to be a strong nation of laws , served instead as a facile excuse for the marketing of fear , burgeoning militarization , increased secrecy , and further concentration of powers in the Executive branch .
The fact that the cast of characters involved in this venture had been trying to achieve just that for decades , seems to have fallen on deaf ears .
2005 .
Katrina devastates the Gulf Coast .
A major US city , New Orleans , is ravished through major neglect , and condemned through avarice to be re-organized without its citizens and communities ' presence nor input .
The " shock doctrine " at play in the US , with over a thousand dead , many missing and American refugees with not right to return nor to vote .
Congress does not speak out the horrors , nor press the Administration to remedy the situation .
2006 .
Dazed and bewildered , the defeated defenders of the Constitutional Order fought back yet again with renewed fervor , to gain a foothold in the 2006 elections .
New but fragile more liberal radio networks began .
In the end they found their efforts produced no tangibly different results .
As though none of these easily documentable events had occurred , the lies , the fraud , the crimes against Humanity and our Constitution begun in 2000 produced precious little notice and voice among our entire elected body in Washington , DC .
2007 .
Americans outraged at the brazen wrenching from our hands of our national treasure , traditions , character , and lives fought back yet again with ever - louder calls for the ending of war funding and for the impeachment of the president and vice president for numerous crimes of spying , lying , abuse of power , crimes against humanity , war profiteering , violations of laws and the Constitution .
It seemed at last that America was fighting back not only to regain it 's voice but its soul and destiny as well .
2008 .
Now comes the expanded 2008 election season .
Begun in earnest in late 2007 , we heard a few voices among the official ones describing and denouncing the multiple continuing crimes perpetrated by this nation in our names .
By the end of the first month of the year , no one publicly recognizing the gravity of what has happened to America lo these last seven years and seeking to unite its people in redress and rebuilding was permitted to continue participation in the " election " process .
Anyone who strayed from the permitted narrative ( Good American Power with a Few Flaws to be Corrected ) was gone .
Gone by the Rules of the Game .
BEFORE most Americans got to cast ballots , no one willing to speak out against the outrageous attacks on our system and on our sovereignty , no one willing to fight for the best wages and healthcare for working men and women , no one willing to take on the corporate hijacking of nearly all our major institutions and decisions was left in the race .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
( note : The third installment of our CAIR dossier can be viewed in its entirety at https://www.investigativeproject.org/documents/misc/111.pdf)
The questionable associations and actions by many of its leaders cast serious doubt on CAIR 's claims of moderation and restraint .
Some have committed criminal acts themselves ; others have ties to organizations with connections to Islamic extremism .
Those convicted of direct criminal activity include Ghassan Elashi , a founding board member of CAIR - Texas ; Randall ( Ismail ) Royer , once a communications specialist for the national group , and Bassam Khafagi , the organization 's one - time director of community relations .
In the more egregious cases , the organization has tried to distance itself from the individuals , contorting both logic and the English language .
As the IPT 's series on CAIR 's history and activities continues , we look at the suspect nature of these examples and others close to the organization .
• Ghassan Elashi , who attended a 1993 Philadelphia meeting called by Hamas to discuss derailing U.S. peace initiatives , was convicted in 2004 on six criminal counts , including making false statements , conspiracy to violate the Export Administration Regulations and the Libyan Sanctions Regulations , and conspiracy to file false shipper 's export declaration forms .
He was a defendant again in the 2007 Hamas - support trial of the Holy Land Foundation ( HLF ) , where jurors were unable to reach unanimous verdicts on the charges against him .
Elashi served as HLF chairman and treasurer and vice president of Infocom , a computer export company .
He was sentenced to 80 months in prison for making illegal computer shipments to Libya and Syria and conspiring to send money to Mousa Abu Marzook , an admitted Hamas leader .
Seeking to minimize Elashi's ties to CAIR , Executive Director Nihad Awad assured U.S. senators in 2003 testimony , " Mr. Elashi was never an employee or officer of our corporation .
The fact that he was once associated with one of our almost twenty regional chapters has no legal significance … "
• Randall Royer , the former CAIR communications specialist , has a more colorful criminal history .
Police who stopped his car for a traffic violation in 2001 found an AK - 47 - style rifle and 219 rounds of ammunition inside .
Then , in 2003 , he was indicted on charges stemming from participation in the ongoing jihad in Kashmir -- specifically , doing propaganda work for Lashkar-e Taiba , a Specially Designated Global Terrorist group , and personally firing at Indian positions in Kashmir .
Pleading guilty to weapons and explosives charges in 2004 , he was sentenced to 20 years in prison .
In later grand jury testimony , Royer admitted that the cell 's primary goal was to fight with the Taliban against United States forces in Afghanistan
Again , CAIR reacted defensively , seeking to downplay both his ties to the organization and , indeed , the nature of his crimes .
" Notwithstanding the fact that any criminal action to which he pleaded guilty was done when Royer was no longer employed with CAIR and not at CAIR 's direction , " the group said , " it is important to note that the only crimes that he pleaded guilty to were weapons charges , not charges of terrorism . "
CAIR 's timing point contradicts media reports indicating that Royer still worked for the group in October 2001 ; while the charges to which Royer pleaded guilty do not directly contain the word " terrorism , " they involved his activities in support of a conspiracy against the United States .
Bassam Khafagi pleaded guilty to bank and visa fraud charges in September 2003 , after his arrest and indictment earlier that year .
" At the time of his arrest , " the Associated Press reported , " he was community affairs director of the Council on American - Islamic Relations . "
Khafagi also served as a founding member and president of the Islamic Assembly of North America .
That group was investigated on charges of money laundering and recruiting terrorists over the Internet and the FBI raided its offices in February 2003 .
Trying to put the best face on the situation once again , Awad claimed in Senate testimony , " Khafagi was never an ‘ employee ' of CAIR , " but rather an " independent contractor for CAIR . "
Among other CAIR officials :
• Nabil Sadoun , currently on CAIR 's board and chair of CAIR - Texas , helped found the United Association for Studies and Research ( UASR ) .
While there has been no criminal prosecution of the UASR , Sadoun founded it along with Hamas leader Marzook .
Internal records show the UASR was a founding member of the Muslim Brotherhood 's Palestine Committee in America .
Federal prosecutors say that committee 's " designed purpose was to support Hamas . "
Sadoun also co-founded the Muslim American Youth Association .
MAYA 's conferences , many of which it co-sponsored with IAP , have long supported Hamas .
• Mohammad El - Mezain , the former chairman and director of endowments for HLF , conducted fundraising at a 2004 CAIR - New York event , soliciting over $ 100,000 for CAIR .
He was indicted soon afterward for providing material support to Hamas .
Acquitted of most counts against him in the HLF trial , he faces retrial on a charge of conspiring to provide material support to a terrorist group .
• Rabih Haddad served as a fundraiser for CAIR 's Ann Arbor chapter .
He co-founded the Global Relief Foundation ( GRF ) , one of the largest Islamic charities in the United States -- but one that the U.S. government has investigated of funding violent jihadism .
In December 2001 the FBI raided GRF 's headquarters and arrested Haddad , then its chairman , on a visa violation .
He was deported to Lebanon after an immigration judge found that he presented " a substantial risk to the national security of the United States . "
The Treasury Department said Haddad had been a member of Makhtab Al - Khidamat , the precursor organization to Al Qaeda .
Again , to view the full installment , click here : http://www.investigativeproject.org/documents/misc/111.pdf
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Having sex with prostitutes is always a risky proposition for any public official .
But when you ’ve pissed off some of the richest and most powerful people in the world , paying for sex may be one of the more stupid things you could do .
Jezus , Eliot , what the hell were you thinking ?
In case you have n’t heard yet , The New York Times reported this afternoon that New York ’s Governor Eliot Spitzer was caught on a federal wiretap arranging to meet a high - priced prostitute at a Washington hotel last month .
In a press conference that lasted nanoseconds — there were no questions taken — Spitzer admitted that he had violated “ his obligation to his family , ” but he said nothing else about the news report and gave no hints on whether he intends to remain ( that is , try to remain ) in office .
Spitzer is so loathed on Wall Street and in the business community that the U.S. Chamber of Commerce has devoted entire conferences to figuring out how to bring him down .
Tom Donohue , the president of the Chamber , once accused Spitzer of using the “ most egregious and unacceptable form of intimidation that we have seen in this country in modern time ” in his investigation of Wall Street firms back in 2005 , when Spitzer was the state ’s attorney general .
Business leaders despise Spitzer for his holier - than - thou press conferences in which he denounced them as slimeballs .
Among his enemies : former chief of the New York Stock Exchange , Dick Grasso ; the entire mutual fund industry ; dirty power - plant owners ; trillion - dollar banks .
Spitzer went after all of them , with an aggressive use of state and some federal law that was derisively known as “ Spitzerism . ”
His election as New York ’s governor showed that he had the ability to win over upstate Republicans , a sign that he might have a future in national politics .
And imagine the business world ’s horror at the possibility of a Spitzer - led U.S. Department of Justice , or worse , the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Spitzer had to know that people were gunning for him .
Put aside Wall Street , he ’d made plenty of enemies prosecuting garden - variety criminals .
As head of the state ’s organized crime task force , he prosecuted two major prostitution rings .
He certainly must have realized that prostitution business often has deep ties to mobsters .
So by associating with $ 5,500 - an - hour “ executive ” call - girls who were in bed with wealthy individuals and possibly connected to organized crime , Spitzer put himself in a position where he could be blackmailed or ruined by the very types of people he had pursued .
Sex for hire might not be the end of every politician .
Louisiana senator David Vitter , whose phone number turned up in the records of the famous D.C. Madam , is testament to that .
Other politicians have survived sex scandals , too , most notably Rudy Giuliani and Idaho senator Larry Craig .
But Spitzer made his career on being Mr. Clean .
He used his moral authority to fix a lot of things that were wrong with corporate America .
As a result , this hypocrisy will be his undoing .
Dick Grasso and his friends must be popping the champagne .
After the debacle of last September ’s murder of Iraqi civilians , many Americans held out hope that Blackwater , former Navy Seal and right wing evangelical Erik Prince ’s guns - for - hire to the Busheviks operation located in the Great Dismal Swamp of eastern North Carolina had been exposed and might be forced into decline and eventual disenfranchisement .
A new article in Mother Jones warns us not to be sanguine – or naive about such a happy possibility occurring .
Like Phillip Morris , Blackwater has simply devised another name and plans to continue business – and , like Altria ( not to be confused with nutria , although such plagues abound all around us , it seems ) , that business will be same as it ever was .
Blackwater has now set up a new front er , subsidiary , headquartered in the Barbados ( that haven for businesses seeking to evade taxes because , after all , we would n’t want Blackwater to pay taxes on the money it gets from American taxpayers through sole source contracts with DOD , State , and OHS ) called Greystone .
This new company has taken over many of the operations that old Blackwater did – but in a more corporate , low profile manner :
One contractor we spoke to said he was present when Greystone managers arrived to claim their office space at Blackwater ’s Baghdad headquarters .
They were a different breed from the ‘ yee - haw cowboys ’ that filled Blackwater ’s ranks , and their tattoos indicated backgrounds in elite military units like Marine Recon , the Navy seals , and the Green Berets .
‘ They did n’t talk to the other Americans , ’ he said , let alone foreigners .
‘ They had different bodies , different mentalities , and used different language .
They had a different professional attitude . ’ – Mother Jones
Prince has taken his operation upscale – with more professional operatives executives working in a more close to the vest manner than Blackwater presented .
While all of Prince ’s and Greystone ’s machinations are too complex to recount here ( I strongly recommend the MJ article to you ) , we should note two important elements of Blackwater ’s Greystone ’s new corporate strategy .
The first is finding new revenue streams for his companies :
In his most ambitious moments , Prince has set out a vision in which his companies would act as for - profit peacekeepers , working with the United Nations and other international organizations in conflict areas around the world .
Even Blackwater ’s marketing materials are infused with the imagery of global humanitarianism ; one of the company ’s recent ads shows a tiny malnourished infant being spoon - fed and proclaims the company ’s intention to ‘ provide hope to those who still live in desperate times . ’
– MJ
Yes , you read that correctly .
Erik Prince has aspirations to privatize the military operations of the United Nations .
He ’s not content to be the private army security service of record for the US government – he wants to rule serve governments around the world .
The other important element in the move to Greystone is motivated by that most dear of concepts in the corporate world – cutting operating costs :
In addition to prospecting for international contracts , Greystone has become Prince ’s primary recruiter of foreign military muscle .
On its website , the company says its operators are drawn ‘ from the best militaries throughout the world ’ and represent ‘ numerous nationalities . ’
Its reliance on foreign recruits , it claims , is a matter of ‘ cultural sensitivity ’ and ‘ awareness . ’
What the PR materials do n’t say is that Greystone , along with other security companies , likely outsources its work overseas for the same reason many other businesses doâ € ” it brings down costs and helps bypass bothersome regulations .
‘ They ’re going to pay these people a lot less , and they ’re not going to respect the same type of employee and labor rights that U.S. nationals would require , ’ says Erica Razook , an Amnesty International lawyer whose work focuses on private - security contractors .
– MJ
Given that Prince sees an important role for Blackwater in the US in times of “ national disaster ” ( as evinced by Blackwater ’s role in New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina ) , we may well see foreign mercenaries in our streets at some point in the future .
If so , it may be that Americans will finally recall their ancestors ’ response to Hessians brought in by the British in Revolutionary times – and respond appropriately .
Or maybe not – after all , we ’re being trained to submit .
So maybe Blackwater ’s Greystone ’s thugs security forces wo n’t have to pull out a tired old gag line like “ We do n’t need no stinking badges ” for us .
Maybe we ’ll just forget all that our country is and should stand for and become the mindless Gamma workers that all our current policies seemed aimed at making us .
Or maybe we ’ll remember our Thomas Paine – and tell Erik Prince and his ilk get the hell out of our country ’s business .
And recommend to our neighbors across the world that they tell him the same .
The Air Force can't make due on $ 144 billion a year .
The service is telling Congress it needs nearly another $ 19 billion for fiscal year 2009 – including about $ 1.7 billion worth of extra fighter jets .
Earlier this month , the Office of Secretary of Defense sent lawmakers its core budget for the next fiscal year .
( War costs are funded separately . )
But even that massive , half - trillion package - one that 's been called " as good as it gets for defense contractors " – does n't grant each and every item on the Army , Air Force , Navy , and Marines ' wish lists .
So each service submits to Congress an array of " unfunded requirements " that it wants lawmakers to pay for .
This year , the Air Force 's list
is particularly long – and particularly pricey .
At $ 18.75 billion , it 's more than two - and - half - times what the Army and Marines are asking for , combined .
The service is asking for $ 1.1 billion , to buy parts and additional aircraft for the F - 22 line of stealth fighters – planes that , last week , Defense Secretary Robert Gates had little or no part to play in the wars in Afghanistan or Iraq .
Another $ 828 million would be devoted to the F - 35 line of advanced jets ; $ 616 million for five Global Hawk drones ; $ 183 million for B - 52 bomber equipment ; and $ 3.9 billion to buy 15 C - 17 cargo planes .
But the Air Force wants more than a few new aircraft .
The Service is asking for $ 116 million , to pay for 100,000 new handguns with " improved ergonomic design and higher caliber effectiveness " ; $ 13 million in " dorm furnishings " ; $ 367 million , to buy M - 4 rifles ; and $ 276 million for " critical base services , " like " base shuttle service , dining hall service hours , fitness / recreation programs , etc .
Lack of funding impacts the entire base community and , specifically , junior Airmen . "
The Air Force is well - known on Capitol Hill and within the Pentagon for its take - no - prisoners approach to securing funds .
Recently , the service compared the Army and the Navy to wartime foes , and proclaimed proclaimed , " The Budget Battle is Zero Sum Gain [ sic ] . "
The Army , for its part , is asking for another $ 3.9 billion , Inside Defense
reports .
" The list includes $ 1.6 billion for Humvees and $ 137 million for Humvee trailers ; $ 489 million for heavy tactical trucks ; $ 625
million for driver vision enhancement technologies ; and $ 151 million for medium tactical truck cargo trailers , " according to the news service .
The Marines , Inside Defense notes , want another $ 3 billion ; more than half of that is for the controversial San Antonio - class amphibious ships .
Most calculus students might think that if one could compute indefinite integrals , it would always be easy to compute definite ones .
After all , they might think , the fundamental theorem of calculus says that one just has to subtract the values of the indefinite integral at the end points to get the definite integral .
So how come inside Mathematica there are thousands of pages of code devoted to working out definite integrals — beyond just subtracting indefinite ones ?
The answer , as is often the case , is that in the real world of mathematical computation , things are more complicated than one learns in basic mathematics courses .
And to get the correct answer one needs to be considerably more sophisticated .
In a simple case , subtracting indefinite integrals works just fine .
Consider computing the area under a sine curve , which equals
We work out the indefinite integral :
Then we can just subtract its value at each end point , and correctly find a definite integral such as
But consider a more complicated case :
We can verify that this indefinite integral at least formally differentiates correctly :
Now let ’s compute the definite integral by subtracting values of our indefinite one :
But this can not be correct .
After all , if we plot the integrand , we can see that it is positive throughout the range 0 to 2π :
Mathematica ’s built - in definite integration of course gives exactly the correct answer :
So what went wrong with subtracting the end points ?
The issue is that the fundamental theorem of calculus is n’t directly applicable here .
Because , when you state it fully , the theorem requires that the antiderivative that is going to be subtracted be continuous throughout the interval .
But the antiderivative we have here looks like this :
It has a discontinuity right in the middle of the interval .
So how does Mathematica get its answer ?
It has to be more careful .
Sometimes it works by detecting discontinuities in the antiderivative , and then breaking up the integration region into parts , and carefully taking directional limits at the discontinuity points :
Another thing it can do is to make use of ambiguity in the antiderivative .
Every calculus student knows that antiderivatives can contain an arbitrary additive constant .
But in fact , there ’s more arbitrariness than that : one can add different constants on different parts of the interval .
Often it ’s not obvious from the algebraic form that one has added a piecewise constant like this .
For example , consider :
Differentiating this shows that it is indeed an antiderivative of the same function as above .
It does n’t happen to be the antiderivative that Mathematica generates by default .
But it is a perfectly valid one .
And it turns out to be continuous over the region of integration :
So if one uses it , one can now directly apply the fundamental theorem of calculus and get the correct result :
Even though their algebraic forms look different , one can verify that the antiderivatives differ by a piecewise constant :
So how come Mathematica does n’t always generate the “ better ” antiderivative , so that the fundamental theorem of calculus applies directly ?
The problem is that there ’s actually no way to produce an antiderivative that has this property for all definite integrals one might want to compute .
Here ’s the formal situation .
The fundamental theorem of calculus states that an antiderivative continuous along a chosen path always exists .
It is defined as , where the integration is performed along the path .
Its existence is of theoretical importance — though in practice cannot always be expressed in terms of any predetermined set of elementary and special functions .
Moreover , if a meromorphic integrand has simple poles in the complex plane , it is impossible to choose an antiderivative continuous along every imaginable path in the complex plane — because of branch cuts in .
Our integrand has simple poles at :
But now consider how our two antiderivatives behave in the complex plane .
Here are the real parts of these functions :
Looking on the real axis , is not continuous , so the fundamental theorem cannot directly be applied .
But is continuous , so the fundamental theorem will work .
However , look now at the line from , indicated in the picture by a black line .
Along this line , is continuous , so the fundamental theorem will work fine for it .
But now is not continuous , so the fundamental theorem will not work :
And indeed one can show that there is no single choice of antiderivative for which the fundamental theorem will always work .
So Mathematica has to go to more effort to get the correct answer for the definite integral .
This may seem subtle — but actually it is just the tip of the iceberg of the issues that crop up in doing definite integration correctly in Mathematica — and in mathematics .
It ’s the job of our group at Wolfram Research to understand all these issues and figure out good algorithms for handling them .
It ’s a fascinating exercise not only in algorithm development but also in mathematics itself .
This step allows both the OLPC and the Create to charge together .
First , prepare the DB25 connector .
1 . Take a female Kyosho connector and strip about 0.25 inches of insulation from the tips of both wires .
2. Twist and tin the strands .
3 . Cut two small pieces of heat shrink and slide one on to each wire .
4 . Solder the red cable to pin 11 of the DB25 connector .
3 . Solder the black cable to pin 25 of the DB25 connector .
4 . Slide the heat shrink down to cover the pins and use the hair dryer to shrink it .
Next , prepare the OLPC power connector .
1 . Cut the OLPC power cable in half with wire cutters .
Be sure you can remember the orientation of the two cables ( positive and negative ) .
2. Strip about 0.25 inches of insulation from both cut ends .
3 . Separate the two cables on both ends approximately 1 inch down the cable .
4 . To determine which wire is the ground , use a volt meter set to check continuity or measure resistence .
Place one probe on the outside of the barrel plug and place the other on one wire .
If the meter indicates resistance or continuity , you have selected the ground wire .
5. Strip about 0.25 inches of insulation from a male Kyosho adapter .
6 . Cut two short pieces of heat shrink and slide one over each cable of the Kyosho adapter .
7 . Solder the black Kyosho adpater wire to the ground wire of the OLPC 's barrel plug .
8 . Solder the red Kyosho adapter wire to the positive wire of the OLPC 's barrel plug .
9 . Slide the heat shrink over your solder joints and use the hair dryer to shrink it .
Finally , solder and heat shrink another female Kyosho adapter to the other half of the power adapter .
McCain on The View : Admits mistakes on MLK Day , not Iraq David Edwards and Nick Juliano
Published : Thursday April 10 , 2008
|
Print This Email This John McCain sat down with the women of The View Thursday morning in the latest media stop during his Republican presidential campaign .
Host Whoopi Goldberg asked about his 1983 vote against a national holiday to honor Martin Luther King Jr. As he did last week at a speech in Memphis , where King was assassinated 40 years ago , McCain admitted that vote was wrong and stressed his change in position since then .
" We all have to grow and mature , " he said .
" If we are wrong on a position , we should admit it , and clearly . "
Joy Behar , another View host , saw an opportunity and took it .
" Do you admit now that it was a mistake to go into Iraq ? " she asked .
But McCain did n't take the bait , although one observer said he rotated his head like he had whiplash to face Behar .
" No , " McCain replied curtly , going on to explain that based on the intelligence lawmakers were working from at the time ( now known to be faulty )
Iraq 's dictator Saddam Hussein was believed to be reconstituting his weapons program .
He said the problem with the occupation was n't that it happened , but that it was poorly executed .
This video is from ABC's The View , broadcast April 10 , 2008 .
Transcript via closed captions :: i think americans would appreciate that chance .
this morning , senator , it was reported in new york papers that a mccain - rice ticket would beat hasselbeck ticket ? :: matt or elisabeth ? :: she means elisabeth .
forget him .
she 's talking about herself . :: the vice president really only has two duties .
one , in the case of a tie vote in the senate , as you probably know , he vice president comes and casts a tie - breaking vote . :: i could do that . :: the other duty of the vice president is to inquire daily as to the health of the president . :: how are you feeling ? :: feeling good .
feeling good .
thanks for asking .
[ applause ] :: i'm glad . :: whoopi and i have been whispering .
here is a question .
why have n't you released your health reports ? :: we 're going to do it -- i think next month we 'll have it done . :: what are you waiting for ?
everybody is talking about it . :: one of the problems has been getting the doctors together and getting everybody ready to meet at the same time .
but there 's plenty of time .
that 's six , seven months before the election , barbara .
i'd be glad to have -- :: recently i heard you released some information that you used to go to strip clubs as a young man .
why did you put that out there ?
humina - humina . :: i have written about my life and about some very -- :: eye see you 're fidgeting . :: time for the break .
[ laughter ] :: i am the luckiest person you will ever have on this show and i mean it .
i've had the most wonderful life , i've survived , i've lived , enjoyed , i've had the great honor of serving in the company of heroes . :: you 've got a gorgeous wife . :: absolutely .
i stood fifthrom the bottom of my class at the naval academy , which shows in america anything is possible . :: is that better or worse than george bush 's standing at yale ? :: i think it was far worse . :: really ? :: i did n't check .
but i think so .
but i've had such a fortunate life .
and the fact that i am about to receive the nomination of my party is a very humbling experience and one that makes me really incredibly fortunate to live in this country . :: a big comeback for you . :: we have more questions .
you 're going to stay with us ? :: yes . :: jack mac will be back when we come back .
! thinking about your ! nasal allergy symptoms ? :: we are back with senator john mccain .
sir , i have a question for you just because i'm curious about it .
you know , there was a lot of talk about barack and his relationship could reverend wright and why did n't he make the break and hillary clinton has had her uphill battle with misstatements or whatever .
you were in memphis on the anniversary of the assassination of martin luther king and you said out loud that you had made a mistake by not voting to make it a holiday .
i'm curious as to what did you think of martin luther king that you said , no , i do n't want to make this a holiday ? :: i said it at the time because of another national holiday , the expense , etc. , and it was wrong .
i learned of dr. king 's assassination when i was living alone in a prison cell in north vietnam .
they had a loudspeaker in every cell .
and i heard about it for days and days and days .
we did n't hear about landing on a moon .
that was inconsequential in the view of our captors .
but they viewed it as a great blow to our morale , and it was .
i was incorrect .
later there was a great dispute in my home state of arizona , as you may recall , about honoring dr. king and i was proud to have been part of the effort to recognize him and i have been involved in other effort to recognize and preserve his legacy for america .
all i can tall you , i was wrong .
back in the 1980's i voted -- i would n't say for apartheid , but i voted in a way that i thought was questionable .
i went to south africa .
i met with people there .
i came back as an outspoken owe opponent of apartheid .
we all grow .
we all have to grow and mature . :: that 's interesting . :: if we are wrong on a position , we should admit it and clearly -- :: do you admit now that it was a mistake to go into iraq ? :: no. [ applause ] :: nice try , joy . :: joy , what we knew at the time and what the intelligence reports were , our briefing said saddam hussein was going to resume efforts for weapons of mass destruction .
the problem was not the fact that we went in .
the problem was the mishandling of it for nearly four years .
if we had done the right thing from the beginning -- :: we would have been in afghanistan . :: but afghanistan is not in trouble because of our diversion to iraq . :: why do people think it is ? :: a lot of people think that and we do need more troops there .
but a lot of the problem resides in a place called waziristan .
it is a god- forsaking place .
it is a sanctuary for the tal tal . :: do you think bin laden bin laden is there ? :: i'm sure he 's in that area .
but it 's a huge area and he's got ring and rings of people -- by the w , as president of the united states , i'll get him and bring him to justice .
[ applause ] :: can i just mention whies so important ?
once every two weeks he gets a message out to billions of people .
he recruits , he motivates and inspires people to his evil cause . :: what are you going to do , senator ? :: we 've got to eliminate that voice that motivates young people all over the muslim world that are taking up his cause of evil .
these are the same people that a few weeks ago took two mentally disabled young women , p suicide vests on them , sent them into a marketplace and exploded them , detonated them by remote control .
this is an evil and we have to understand it and it's global , and information an technology is one of the real keys to it .
and osama bin laden is using that technology to great effect . :: we have to come back .
we 're a live program .
you 'll tell us how you 're going to do it because we sure want to hear that .
:: come back again . :: i wo n't fidget the next time . :: we 're really happy that you were here .
senator john mccain .
we 'll be right back .
" when my doctor told me i had to lower my cholesterol ,
TODAY WE'RE ALL IRISH :
DEBT SERFDOM COMES TO AMERICA
March 17 is St. Patrick 's Day , when people of all national origins raise a glass and declare , " Today we 're all a bit Irish ! "
This may be truer than we know .
The Irish were driven to America by debt , and they are leading the Western world in household debt today .
The London Daily Telegraph reported on March 13 , 2008 that household debt in Ireland has reached 190 percent of disposable income , the highest in the developed world ; and that the Irish banking system is suffering such acute strains from the downturn in the housing market that it may have to nationalize its banks .
1
The same may soon be happening in the United States , and for much the same reasons .
Debt Drives the Irish to America
A short review of the history of the Irish in North America reveals that few were here before 1845 , when a disease struck the potato crops of Ireland , wiping out the chief or only source of food for many poor farmers .
Famine continued for the next five years , killing over 2.5 million people .
" God put the blight on the potatoes , " complained the Irish farmers , " but England put the hunger upon Ireland . "
Farmers who were heavily in debt were shipped to England to pay the rent owed to their landlords .
Impoverished Irish immigrants saved what little money they could to send family members across the Atlantic , traveling on overcrowded ships on which many died of disease or hunger on the way .
When they arrived , the Irish men had to fight – often physically – to get labor jobs involving long hours and low pay ; while the women worked mainly as servants ( called " Brigets " ) to upper - class families .
Despite their very low wages , they managed to send a bit of money back to their families , until other family members had enough to buy the ship tickets to America .
In the American South ( mainly New Orleans ) , the Irish lived in swamp land infested with disease .
Here , Irish men were looked upon as actually lower than slaves .
As one historian put it , if a plantation owner lost a slave , he lost an investment ; if he lost a laborer , he could always get another .
Because the Irish workers were plentiful and expendable , they were often sent in to do dangerous jobs for which the slave - owners were reluctant to send their valuable slaves .
2
" Debt Slavery " Replaces Physical Slavery
This form of " debt slavery " or " debt peonage " was not just an accidental development of history .
It was a deliberately - planned alternative to the slave arrangement in which owners were responsible for the feeding and care of a dependent population , and it is still with us today .
Although European financiers were in favor of an American Civil War that would return the United States to its colonial status , they admitted privately that they were not necessarily interested in preserving slavery .
They preferred " the European plan " : capital could exploit labor by controlling the money supply , while letting the laborers feed themselves .
In July 1862 , this ploy was revealed in a notorious document called the Hazard Circular , which was circulated by British banking interests among their American banking counterparts .
It said :
Slavery is likely to be abolished by the war power and chattel slavery destroyed .
This , I and my European friends are glad of , for slavery is but the owning of labor and carries with it the care of the laborers , while the European plan , led by England , is that capital shall control labor by controlling wages .
This can be done by controlling the money .
The great debt that capitalists will see to it is made out of the war , must be used as a means to control the volume of money .
To accomplish this , the bonds [ government debt to the bankers ] must be used as a banking basis .
. . .
It will not do to allow the greenback , as it is called , to circulate as money any length of time , as we can not control that .
3
A system of " debt peonage " is inextricably linked to a banking system in which money is issued privately by bankers and lent to the government rather than being issued as " greenbacks " by the government itself Today the " European plan " has evolved into the private central banking system , and it has come to dominate the economies of the world .
A private central bank creates money simply by printing it or entering it as an accounting entry , then lends it to the federal government in exchange for government bonds or debt .
Private commercial banks create many more dollars in the same way , advancing money created as accounting - entry loans without even incurring the cost of a printing press .
Except for coins , the entire U.S. money supply is now created as a debt to private bankers .
4
Banks create the principal but not the interest necessary to pay back their loans , so more money is always owed back than was put into the money supply in the first place .
More loans must therefore continually be taken out to cover the interest , spiraling the economy into increasing levels of debt and inflation , in a futile attempt to repay principal and interest on a debt that is actually impossible to repay .
The result is " debt peonage , " and it has systematically reduced the people to working for the company store , bound to their corporate masters for the food , shelter and health care formerly provided by slave owners under the old physical - slave system .
The Colonial Alternative : The Pennsylvania System of Benjamin Franklin's Day
This is not the only way to run an economy .
Until 1913 , when the Federal Reserve Act was passed , the European system of debt peonage competed with what was called " the American system " – debt - free government - issued dollars generated by provincial governments to pay their expenses .
This " greenback " system was not actually used in the United States after the American colonies became a nation , except during the Civil War ; but the " American system " flourished for decades in colonial America .
Paper money was issued by local provincial governments not only to pay their own expenses but as commercial loans .
The most effective and efficient of these government - issued money systems was in Pennsylvania , where a publicly - owned bank issued paper notes and lent them to farmers .
Since this money returned to the government , it did not inflate the money supply ; and since the government issued and spent an additional sum of money on public works , enough money was kept in the system to pay the interest on the loans and prevent the debt spiral afflicting the private banking system .
The Pennsylvania system worked so well that it completely funded the provincial government without taxes or inflation .
Benjamin Franklin and others maintained that the chief reason for the American Revolution was that Parliament forbade the colonies from issuing their own money .
Paper money issued by the Revolutionary government got the colonists through the Revolutionary War , but the British heavily counterfeited this money as a deliberate war tactic , and by the end of the war it had been inflated so much that it was nearly worthless .
Fear of inflation led the Continental Congress to completely omit paper money from the Constitution , which does not say who can issue paper money or under what circumstances .
The private banks filled the breach , and by 1913 the United States had the same private central banking system that England had .
Today , the pyramid scheme of lending 10 dollars and requiring 11 back has resulted in the very inflationary spiral the Founding Fathers feared .
The money supply is inflated with more and more debt , shrinking the value of the dollars paid to workers and propelling larger and larger portions of the population into debt peonage .
If the government were to issue its own money rather than borrowing from banks that issued it , and if this money were used to pay for real goods and services ( roads and bridges , sustainable energy development , health services , and the like ) , demand and supply would remain in balance and inflation would not result .
A government with a properly designed and monitored system of publicly - issued money could fund itself without taxes , inflation or debt .
Publicly - owned banks are also called " national " banks or " nationalized " banks – the very thing that threatens the private banking system in Ireland today .
We have come full circle : a system of national banks is what used to be called " the American system . "
This may be what we actually need – a public banking system operating for the benefit of the public .
The private European system of debt peonage has failed .
On this 2008 St. Patrick 's Day , we the modern - day Irish of all persuasions can raise a glass to the possibility of being freed from the debt peonage that has kept us wage - slaves for most of our national history .
___________________
1 " Irish Banks May Need Life - support as Property Prices Crash , " www.telegraph.co.uk ( March 13 , 2008 ) .
2 " Irish in America , " www.essays.cc.
3 " Hazard Circular , " 1862 , quoted in Charles Lindburgh , Banking and Currency and the Money Trust ( Washington D.C. : National Capital Press , 1913 ) , page 102 .
4 See Ellen Brown , " Dollar Deception : How Banks Secretly Create Money , " www.webofdebt.com ( July 3 , 2007 ) .
Ellen Brown , J.D. , developed her research skills as an attorney practicing civil litigation in Los Angeles .
In Web of Debt , her latest book , she turns those skills to an analysis of the Federal Reserve and " the money trust . "
She shows how this private cartel has usurped the power to create money from the people themselves , and how we the people can get it back .
Her eleven books include the bestselling Nature 's Pharmacy , co-authored with Dr. Lynne Walker , which has sold 285,000 copies .
Her websites are www.webofdebt.com and www.ellenbrown.com.
“ The Wire ” 4th Season September 8 , 2006
New York , NY
For several years now , HBO has pretty much owned our eyeballs on Sunday evening .
We 've been avid followers of The Sopranos , Six Feet Under , Sex and the City , Curb Your Enthusiasm , Big Love , Rome , Entourage , and Lucky Louie ( which really has gone where no sitcom has gone before ) .
But my all - time favorite HBO original series is The Wire , about to begin its fourth season this Sunday .
The Wire is ostensibly a Baltimore cop show .
( David Simon , who created the series , wrote the book A Year on the Killing Streets that inspired the series Homicide . )
The title refers to the electronic surveillance that often plays a part in the criminal investigations .
Although many of the plot lines involve the Baltimore drug trade , the series has become progressively more ambitious :
The second season of The Wire went into the Baltimore docks , and third season investigated the halls of Baltimore political power .
For the fourth season , the series is going into the Baltimore public schools .
What 's remarkable about The Wire is the depth and breadth of its characters .
Besides the cops , we become familiar with a wide range of Baltimore citizens , from street kids and homeless drug addicts , right up to the Mayor and those who want to dethrone him .
Nobody emerges as much of a hero or as a devil .
Many of the the cops are seriously flawed human beings , and even the cold - blooded killers are imbued with a humanity rare in film or television .
The writing and ensemble acting would be enough to recommend The Wire , but it is also a raw and uncomprising look at America 's underclass , and an indictment of the politics and economics that have led to such widespread poverty and despair .
So many " serious " TV series are little more than comic books .
( 24 readily comes to mind . )
The Wire is more real than is often comfortable .
The Wire has the reputation of being hard to follow , and that 's a fair criticism .
It certainly demands some focus and concentration , but is well worth the effort .
Microbes could provide a clean , renewable energy source and use up carbon dioxide in the process , suggested Dr James Chong at a Science Media Centre press briefing today .
“ Methanogens are microbes called archaea that are similar to bacteria .
They are responsible for the vast majority of methane produced on earth by living things ” says Dr Chong from York University .
“ They use carbon dioxide to make methane , the major flammable component of natural gas .
So methanogens could be used to make a renewable , carbon neutral gas substitute . ”
Methanogens produce about one billion tonnes of methane every year .
They thrive in oxygen - free environments like the guts of cows and sheep , humans and even termites .
They live in swamps , bogs and lakes .
“ Increased human activity causes methane emissions to rise because methanogens grow well in rice paddies , sewage processing plants and landfill sites , which are all made by humans . ”
Methanogens could feed on waste from farms , food and even our homes to make biogas .
This is done in Europe , but very little in the UK .
The government is now looking at microbes as a source of fuel and as a way to tackle food waste in particular .
Methane is a greenhouse gas that is 23 times more effective at trapping heat than carbon dioxide .
“ By using methane produced by bacteria as a fuel source , we can reduce the amount released into the atmosphere and use up some carbon dioxide in the process ! ”
Feb 25 , 2008 , 6:50 pm ET
Chevy Volt hybrid to see limited production in first year
It sounds like GM 's earlier plans to sell 60,000 of its electric car , the Volt , will not be coming to fruition , at least in the car 's initial year of production , according to GM 's vice - chariman and product chief Bob Lutz .
" Volt will be about 10,000 units the first year , just to make sure we 're prepared for any issues that might come up , and then ramp up production from there , " Lutz told the Globe and Mail , citing significant development issues inherent in bringing new technology to mass production .
This sentiment also applies to GM 's other E - Flex plug - in electric hybrids .
In comparison , the Toyota Prius gasoline - electric hybrid , which is not a plug - in , launched with a 15,000 unit per year production run .
The Volt is expected to be capable of a range of 40 miles on electricity alone , with a gasoline engine in place for any extra driving .
A MOTORIST fined for playing his Riverdance CD too loudly is now fighting off bailiffs .
Markus Aitken has refused to pay the £ 30 penalty notice he got in 2004 .
Costs added since then mean he now owes £ 270 - and the father of two has been called on by bailiffs five times .
The battle started when Mr Aitken , from Littleborough , Rochdale , stopped to ask an officer for directions in Bury .
She pointed the keen Irish dancer in the right direction before turning her attention to his music and giving him a ticket for ' excessive noise ' .
The 33 - year old insists he wants his day in court and evidence he committed an offence .
The last time bailiffs came to collect the money was at 7.30 am .
Mr Aitken says they shouted threats through the letterbox , while he was inside with his girlfriend and their two sons , aged four and four months .
They left an hour later , empty handed .
" It 's just a farce - all this over Riverdance , " said Mr Aitken , a recovery driver .
" It 's hardly offensive and I do n't believe it was too loud as I was able to have a conversation with the policewoman across a busy main road while it was playing .
" If there is evidence that I have committed an offence I will pay but I am waiting for them to take me to court to prove it . "
Bailiffs visited his parents ' pub , in Whitefield , four times in the months following the incident before turning up at his family home without a warrant .
A member of staff at Drake 's Bailiffs said : " We 're not chasing this any further .
We will refer it to the magistrates ' court . "
A GMP spokesman said fixed penalty notices could be issued if officers believed a vehicle was causing ' excessive noise ' and if that noise could be ' avoided by the exercise of reasonable care on the part of the driver ' .
In a town where legislators have been known to proclaim paid - for meals a principal draw to public service , this was an especially unpopular move .
Last week , State Representative Charmaine L. Marchand of the Lower Ninth Ward in New Orleans said the limit would force her and her colleagues to dine at Taco Bell , and urged that it be pushed to $ 75 per person , to give them “ wiggle room . ”
No public groundswell took up her cause , and the $ 50 limit held .
Meanwhile , the mood is feverish but still merry at Ruth ’s Chris .
A recent night found it packed with lobbyists and legislators .
With the Capitol five miles away , its popularity will be threatened when the new rules go into effect on March 30 .
But the lavish springtime banquets held by lobbyists , where tables groan with choice Louisiana seafood , do not appear to be immediately endangered .
In the legislative chambers , the votes for this ethics makeover were mostly unanimous , though the sarcastic commentary suggested that enthusiasm might not have been what was motivating legislators .
Mr. Jindal has public opinion on his side , however .
“ I want to know who ’s doing the corrupting , ” a state senator , Francis Thompson , said , mock - seriously , to Mr. Jindal ’s principal ally in the State Senate , its president , Joel T. Chaisson .
“ Any time there ’s some abuse , I wish you would let us know , as our leader , ” he said to Mr. Chaisson , as other senators chuckled .
The point was not lawbreaking , though , but what has long been permitted under existing loose laws , say reform advocates like Mr. Jindal .
Four stories up , in the skyscraper Capitol built by Huey Long , Mr. Jindal is unconnected to the slow - moving rural Louisiana of Long and those who followed him .
At 36 , he appears to be a young man in a hurry , acutely conscious of Louisiana ’s poor national image , aware of his own rising star among Republicans and analytical about the historic missteps that have led Louisiana to coast on its mineral wealth , straight to the bottom of national rankings in ethics and a host of economic and social indicators .
In an interview in his office , words and prescriptions come shooting out in a rapid - fire nonstop monologue .
Inside of a half - hour , Mr. Jindal shoehorned a brief history of Louisiana ’s political and economic problems , a historical excursion on the office he was sitting in , an agenda for his remaining four years , an analysis of why the state ’s government had failed , a recapitulation of his recent campaign , a paean to his father , an explanation of why he pushed the ethics bills , and other topics .
Illustration : Tomer Hanuka
If last November you googled one of thousands of innocuous and common search terms , such as " Microsoft excel to access " or " how to teach your dogs to fetch , " you were in line for an Internet attack that infects PCs with spam senders , password stealers , and other kinds of nasty malware .
Beginning on November 24 and continuing for less than a week , bad guys loaded up more than 40,000 Web pages with malicious software and thousands of common search terms .
They then employed an automated network of malware - infected computers -- known as a botnet -- to link to those sites in blog - comment spam and other places .
The mentions elevated the position of the poisoned sites in search results , often to the first page .
Click Here for Free Attack
The malicious sites had no useful information .
Instead , a simple click on a link to such a site in the search results was enough to launch attacks against your PC .
If the attack found any of a number of vulnerabilities in a range of programs , it would load .
" This was a massive wave , " says Alex Eckelberry , president and CEO of security firm Sunbelt Software .
The attack marks a new level of sophistication , using multiple techniques to raise site visibility in search results and deliver malware to a mass audience .
Sunbelt researcher Adam Thomas happened upon the attack when he ran a search of " netgear ProSafe DD - WRT " for router firmware .
His trained eye saw a suspicious - looking result on the first page .
More research and digging on other phrases turned up the vast array of attack sites .
None of the sites from this wave , or a smaller follow - up group , appear now on Google , and Eckelberry and other experts believe the search giant has blocked those specific domains .
But Google is n't saying what it did to stop this attack , or whether measures are in place to halt a recurrence .
George Denis Patrick Carlin ( born May 12 , 1937 ) is a Grammy - winning American stand - up comedian , actor , and author .
Carlin is especially noted for his political and black humor and his observations on language , psychology , and religion along with many taboo subjects .
Carlin and his “ Seven Dirty Words ” comedy routine were central to the 1978 U.S. Supreme Court case F.C.C. v. Pacifica Foundation , in which a narrow 5 - 4 decision by the justices affirmed the government ’s right to regulate Carlin ’s act on the public airwaves .
George Carlin ’s most recent stand up routines are primarily focused on attacking the flaws in modern - day America .
He often takes on contemporary political issues in the United States and satirizes the excesses of American culture .
He is considered by many to be a successor to the late Lenny Bruce and was described by Comedy Central as the second greatest stand - up comedian of all time behind Richard Pryor , and right before Lenny Bruce .
He was also the first person to host Saturday Night Live .
George Carlin : All My Stuff
Three Times Carlin : An Orgy of George
10 Awesome Startups You ’ve Never Heard About
How To Make $ 30 K A Month Blogging
13 Stupid Ideas That Made Millions of Dollars Fast !
Category : Uncategorized
Wired 1.1 : An Archaeology
Wired magazine turns 15 years old this month .
This column looks back at the very first issue .
Wired did n't even bother with a Beta release .
It bustled onto the publishing scene 15 years ago this month , chirping like a broken modem and shrink - wrapped as a point release : Issue 1.1
Peeling back those matte pages now , one can't help falling victim to a bit of nostalgia for this town crier of the proto - digital era .
There was no logical reason that this magazine should even have existed in 1993 .
Clinton / Gore had just been sworn in , and no one was talking about the " Information Superhighway " yet .
Words like baud and Usenet and ISDN had n't even been surrendered to the dustbin of digital history .
Need more historical perspective ?
There were n't even any URLs in the first issues of Wired !
The World Wide Web barely existed , and there was no Mosaic browser on which to view it anyway .
Goatse was n't even a dirty thought yet .
And yet there it was , the premiere issue : that blocky logo and Bruce Sterling peering out from the cover .
For a brief moment , it seemed as though the nerds were about to take over the world ... right up until the suits showed up a few years later to pummel them with their briefcases of money .
But we 're getting ahead of ourselves in this story .
Let 's take a look at that first issue , piece by piece .
Staff Box
Started by Louis Rossetto and Jane Metcalfe , who moved to California from Holland in 1991 , Wired opened with a staff box of unknowns , at least to the traditional media world .
Many of them would become the most important technology writers of the next decade .
Kevin Kelly , the founding executive editor , came from the Whole Earth Catalog and the WELL .
John Battelle , who would later found Federated Media and write the definitive book on Google , was the managing editor .
The rest of the staff box was sprinkled with names that are now recognized as tech pundits of various stripes : Howard Rheingold , Bruce Sterling , Stewart Brand , John Markoff , Michael Wolff , and Nicholas Negroponte .
And of course , the " Patron Saint , " Marshall McLuhan .
( An aside : it 's difficult to remember how McLuhan was perceived pre-Wired .
Though certainly a revered scholar in his lifetime [ let us not forget Annie Hall ] , I also seem to recall a huckster backlash around this time .
But three years after the premiere issue of Wired , McLuhan was on the cover of the magazine .
Today , even his worst theories get roundly quoted , especially by blowhards like me . )
Tired / Wired
Magazine editors tend to hyperbolize their craft , and nothing gets deliberated with more over - analysis than the opening pages of a magazine .
The conventional wisdom is that the blurby , picture - filled front pages set the philosophical agenda of a magazine .
The " front of the book , " as they call it , psychologically defines who should be reading this rag by persuading you to join the club of similarly excellent tastemakers .
So the Wired / Tired Index probably seemed like a stroke of genius .
It was the perfect way to divide the world into two simple categories of people :
There are those who are wired -- they get it !
And there are those are tired -- they do n't !
It 's classic hippie logic .
And congratulations !
Because you 're reading Wired , you 're in the right category .
In retrospect , it 's unclear which side of this great divide the actual editors themselves fell on .
On its maiden voyage , Wired deemed Nintendo a tired entity , while the long - forgotten gaming console 3DO was celebrated as wired .
And for mysterious reasons , painting ( painting ? ) crept into wired status , while performance ( performance ? ) was strangely shelved as tired .
But the clincher certainly had to be declaring REM ( who had just released their best album , Automatic for the People ) tired , but passing wired status onto midwest alt - country act The Jayhawks .
This is akin to saying that Graham Parsons was a great DJ .
Other front - of - the - book items : a preview of a cult film called Jurassic Park , a review of a print zine called bOING bOING , and a report on a crazy new technology that could free up your cable tv lines for phone calls .
For all the peculiar editorial choices in the early issues of Wired , the strangest must certainly be giving Camille Paglia license to talk about Marshall McLuhan .
But the editors actually turned this stagnant interview into something a little funny by reprinting Paglia 's handwritten edits scrawled over the top .
From the first issue , one could already foresee that Wired was going to be a good publication , but this bit of whimsy suggested that it might just go beyond being the next Mondo 2000 .
This brand of self - awareness only comes along in decade - long chunks : a ' 60s Rolling Stone , a ' 70s Esquire , an ' 80s Spy .
Or it was just a dumb prank .
Whatever .
The cover story , penned by Bruce Sterling , is one in a long history of virtual war stories that Wired would publish .
It forgoes references to Ender 's Game , but does n't leave out video game comparisons .
" It 's modern Nintendo training for modern Nintendo war . "
Considering that the page directly preceding this is an ad for a new book called The Windows 3.1 Bible , it seems difficult to image how revolutionary these virtual war games could have been .
But what the other features portend has become a Wired hallmark : the clash between culture and technology .
John Markoff 's story on cellphone hacking dissects a digital subculture in a way that would be replicated several times in the proceeding decade .
Similarly , the Otaku feature was prescient in its analysis of Japanese society before it had become a Western obsession .
And an interesting note : the story on Richard Stallman 's obstacles toward free software does n't include the phrase " open source " because it had yet to even be popularized .
The Ads
Here 's the prevailing question when persuing the ads in this issue : were they as unintelligible then as they are now ?
The two companies that bought this issue 's very first ad and very last ad -- Origin and Trans Rebo , respectively -- were probably as unknown then as they are now .
And it 's unlikely that the 100,000 copies that the first issue of Wired sold on the newsstand helped them in any way .
A few pages in , the most emblematic page of the first issue of Wired appears .
He looks like an old John " I'm a PC " Hodgman !
And look closely -- that screen really says " Fax Transmittal . "
Oh , to be young again .
Design
Early
Wired is often remembered for its edgy design aesthetic .
The disillusion of this myth that you will feel in looking back at the first issues of Wired is comparable to when MTV replays those once - edgy Pat Benatar videos .
The Negroponte Index
MIT scholar , Wired investor , and OLPC creator -- Nicholas Negroponte is himself something of a patron saint to the digerati .
But he 's clearly crummy at making predictions .
In his inaugural back - page column , Negroponte takes on the emerging technology known as High - Definition Television .
With the goggles of a decade - and - a - half to look through , the opening line hits you like a DeLorean hurled from the past : " High - definition television is clearly irrelevant . "
Negroponte contends that the future will actually be fuzzy , arguing that it's a mistake to believe " achieving increased image quality is the relevant course to be pursuing . "
As anyone who 's pored over debates about 1080 vs. 720 and counts their HDMI jacks like their children , this looks like the crazy ramblings of a fuzzy - headed college professor .
To be fair , the futurist gets it half right , such as when he prognosticates a burgeoning on - demand culture but mistakingly fetishizing perspective viewing :
What is needed is innovation in programming , new kinds of delivery , and personalization of content .
All of this can be derived from being digital .
The six - o' clock news can be not only delivered when you want it , but it also can be edited for you and randomly accessed by you .
If the viewer wants an old Humphrey Bogart movie at 8:17 pm , the telephone company will provide it over its twisted - pair copper lines .
Eventually , when you watch a baseball game , you will be able to do so from any seat in the stadium or , for that matter , from the perspective of the baseball .
That would be a big change .
Sounds awesome !
Too bad approximately 1 kjillion dollar were spent last year on cramming living rooms with big ass TVs instead .
Colophon
I remember exactly where I was when the first issue of Wired was handed to me .
Exiting a coffee shop called The Urban Stampede -- the only coffee shop within 70 miles of the small midwest state school I was attending -- a friend accosted me , clutching a mysterious magazine with a striped spine .
He shoved it in my hands , exasperated , " You have to see this . "
Wired instantly became required reading for all of our friends .
And our favorite part of the magazine was buried in the back , in the pages that articles jumped to : the colophon .
There were probably two reasons why we loved the colophon : 1 ) we had no idea what a colophon was , and 2 ) it showed the means of production of the magazine .
The colophon listed the computers ( Apple Macintosh II ) , the printers ( HP Scanjet IIc ) , the layout software ( Quark XPress ) , and even the routers ( Farallon ) .
And then it concluded with some music ( Dinosaur Jr. , Curve , k.d. lang , etc. ) and a final heading for " drugs of choice " ( caffeine , sugar , Advil ) .
It sounds corny , but we loved this magazine because its creators drank the same soda as us .
These people actually had opinions about routers and ethernet cables !
I do n't know if this is surreal or predictable , but it 's certainly obvious now : futurism and nostalgia are intricately linked with each other .
Revisiting the early pages of Wired reminds one of a time when there was an underground culture -- when not everything was known by everyone else .
Can you remember a time when there were secrets ?
It sounds so naive .
But it also sounds tremendously boring .
Thankfully , we 'll always have the future .
OHIO AND TEXAS ….
Matt Yglesias , after looking at the polls and suggesting that Hillary Clinton might win both Ohio and Texas , says :
Now under the circumstances , I see no real way for Clinton to make up the lost delegate lead , but at this point it does seem to me that she and her campaign staff are probably egomaniacal enough that if they pull out a narrow “ win ” they ’ll keep running anyway hoping for lightning to strike and seeing the damage it ’ll do to the party as a feature , rather than a bug , since a crippled Obama who loses to John McCain could set them up for another run in 2012 .
Holy cats .
This is entering Andrew Sullivan territory .
It ’s also almost certainly wrong on an analytical basis since Democrats are famously hard on candidates who do n’t win their first time around .
Name the last time that a Democratic primary loser came back to win a subsequent Democratic primary without being vice president in between .
You have to go back 80 years .
Hillary Clinton knows perfectly well that this is her only shot at the presidency .
That ’s why she ’s fighting so hard .
Here it is :
The reason given is
" We cannot approve the spot with it being Danny Glover 's opinion that the Bush Adminstration [ sic ] is destroying the Constitution .
If you have documentation that it is indeed being destroyed , we can look at that . "
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
We told you that Steve Gerber passed away earlier today , but did you know the guy created the first ever Marvel Super Special in 1977 , featuring the band KISS ?
Not just any normal KISS , but a superpowered group who encounters villains from the Marvel archives , including Doctor Doom and his tutor , Dizzie the Hun .
If that was n't weird enough , the actual members of the band mixed in drops of their blood with the printing ink for that issue , which probably horrified mothers across the country .
Advertisement
Steve Gerber , R.I.P .
The passing this weekend of Steve Gerber leaves the world of science fiction a lesser place .
He 's … Read more
They even had a notary public on hand to certify that yes , KISS did indeed mix their blood into the ink at the printing press Marvel used .
Advertisement
Talk about putting yourself into your work .
It also reminds us when Mark Gruenwald died suddenly in 1997 , and they mixed his cremated ashes in with the first collected graphic novels of Squadron Supreme .
No idea if Steve would have wanted his body contributed to anything , but it would be nice if Marvel could put out a commemorative edition of Howard the Duck for people who do n't know anything but the movie .
This is terrible news .
CNN and TechCrunch reported Friday that city officials in central China beat a man to death for attempting to record a protest on his mobile phone .
Apparently , there was some sort of confrontation between villagers in the central Chinese province of Hubei and local municipal " inspectors " over the dumping of waste near the villagers ' homes .
When Wei Wenhua , a 41 - year - old construction company executive , tried to film the altercation with his camera phone , a group of more than 50 of the inspectors attacked him , beating him for five minutes , according to China 's Xinhua news agency .
Government investigators later recovered Wei 's mobile phone , but the video had been deleted .
It is not entirely clear whether Wei's filming was a spontaneous act of citizen journalism by a complete amateur , or whether he was a blogger trying to cover the story .
The headlines on CNN and TechCrunch both refer to Wei as a blogger , but neither article gives any details on his blogging activity , and the CNN articles says that he " happened on [ the ] confrontation . "
Reporters Without Borders issued a statement about the incident :
Wei is the first ' citizen journalist ' to die in China because of what he was trying to film .
He was beaten to death for doing something which is becoming more and more common and which was a way to expose law enforcement officers who keep on overstepping the limits . "
According to CNN , " [t ] he killing has sparked outrage in China , with thousands expressing outrage in Chinese Internet chat rooms , often the only outlet for public criticism of the government . "
( Incidentally , the role of chat rooms jives well with Michael Anti's account of Chinese cyber - dissidence in his November 27 , 2007 talk at the Berkman Center . )
The Chinese government 's response has been swift and decisive -- the head of the local urban administration bureau was sacked , and the police have detaind 24 city inspectors in connection with Wei 's death .
The swift response evidently reflects government fears that the incident could spark larger , more volatile protests .
( Note : The CMLP is hosted by the Berkman Center for Internet & Society . )
Al Bawaba claims that a total of five undersea cables have been disrupted .
" However , the International Cable Protection Committee , an association of 86 submarine cable operators dedicated to safeguarding undersea cables , has declined to speculate on the cause of the breaches , adding investigations were underway . "
A total of five cables being operated by two submarine cable operators have been damaged with a fault in each .
These are SeaMeWe - 4 ( South East Asia - Middle East - Western Europe - 4 ) near Penang , Malaysia , the FLAG Europe - Asia near Alexandria , FLAG near the Dubai coast , FALCON near Bandar Abbas in Iran and SeaMeWe - 4 , also near Alexandria .
Now the tin-foil hats are being broken out .
The force behind these cable outages is ...
... the Jew .
As the Jerusalem Post reports :
Of course , logic never comes into play for these people ; it 's got to be Israel 's fault .
Well , I 've got a theory of my own .
Instead of saying that Israel and / or the CIA - which , as we all know , controls Iraq nowadays - deliberately cut the cables to isolate the Arab world , and especially Iran , and set it up for " something , " I think it was the Arabs / Iran themselves that did the cutting to make Israel look bad by having something to blame on us .
Or we could just call it a draw , and attribute the breakages to bad winter weather and infrastructure failure - not unheard of with underwater cables .
Why was n't Israel affected ?
Simply because we use a different cable , with Egypt and company refusing to allow Israel to rent bandwidth on the same one it uses .
Israel 's cable is called MedNautilus ( http://www.mednautilus.com), originally put together by a consortium that involved Israelis , but is now wholly owned by Spain 's Telefonica .
But the MIT Technology Review puts things in perspective .
There are lots of cable outages a year .
The reason the Middle East is so vulnerable is because they are served by a relatively few .
Undersea cable damage is hardly rare -- indeed , more than 50 repair operations were mounted in the Atlantic alone last year , according to marine cable repair company Global Marine Systems .
But last week 's breaks came at one of the world 's bottlenecks , where Net traffic for whole regions is funneled along a single route .
This kind of damage is rarely such a deep concern in the United States and Europe .
The Atlantic and Pacific Oceans are crisscrossed so completely with fast fiber networks that a break in one area typically has no significant effect .
Net traffic simply uses one of many possible alternate destinations to reach its goal .
Not so with the route connecting Europe to Egypt , and from there to the Middle East .
Today , just three major data cables stretch from Italy to Egypt and run down the Suez Canal , and from there to much of the Middle East .
( A separate line connects Italy with Israel . )
A serious cut here is immediately obvious across the region , and a double cut can be crippling .
But the vulnerability of the region wo n't last long .
A large number of new cables are planned along the routes that have been cut by the series of accidents .
Or rather one should say the exposure of the regin to accidental damage will close as more redundancy is built into the system .
Any undersea cable network , however extensive , is potentially vulnerable to the power that controls the seas .
When I ask our prospects what their biggest concerns are when thinking about launching a content website or blog , the fear of online marketing is always high on the list .
There are no secrets in the online marketing world .
Every topic is covered in the tiniest detail on thousands of marketing websites .
The biggest problem is sifting through all the information to work out what is useful and valuable , and what is irrelevant , out of date and wrong .
Writers Are Online Marketers
When writers and experts express their concern about online marketing , my response is you do n’t have to understand anything about marketing to be fantastic at promoting your site and building a loyal audience .
If you enjoy writing and have a passion for your subject , that is better than any marketing gimmick or latest fad .
But just writing articles on your own website or blog will limit the potential of what you can achieve using your expertise , so here is a step - by - step guide to marketing through doing what you do best … writing about your passion .
STEP 1 – Read and List
The first crucial ( and enjoyable ) step is to spend time reading and listing all the blogs , forums and newsletters that are relevant to your subject .
You can find these by searching in Google for your subject followed by ‘ blog ’ , ‘ forum ’ , ‘ discussion group ’ , ‘ newsletter ’ , etc
STEP 2 – Prioritise the List
Depending on your subject you could end up with over 100 sites .
There is no way that you can regularly read this many websites and newsletters so prioritise the ones you think are most relevant and wield the greatest influence .
Try to spot the upcoming sites .
It is often much easier to contact and correspond with new site owners than with the top tier bloggers who get hundreds of emails a day .
STEP 3 – Set up a Reader to Monitor These Websites
Google Reader is now a mere memory but similar services are available and allow you to collect all the updates from multiple sites in one place .
This enables you to scan all the new posts from dozens of websites and only go to the actual site when you find something of real interest .
STEP 4 – Comment and Communicate
Once you have are familiar with your key sites , it is time to join the community .
Start contributing to blogs and forums when you see subjects that you have an opinion on .
It ’s very important that your contributions are well thought out and useful to the readers .
Do n’t just leave comments like “ Good point , John ” or “ Nice post , Peter ” .
They have no value to you or the other readers .
Important Point Coming Up !
If you just leave a comment without any details about yourself it has NO marketing value to you whatsoever , so it ’s a waste of your time .
To get free marketing from every post you must make sure you include a link back to your website .
When you leave a comment most blogs and forums have three boxes for personal information that identify the commenter :
* Your Name – I always use by real name , but you can use a generic name like “ MarketingMan ” .
Whatever you choose use the same name on all the sites you comment on so you start to build your reputation as an authority on your subject
* Email Address - it will not be visible to readers but lets the author know that you 're a real person , not a bot or spammer
* Domain Name -
This is the critical bit !
By inserting your domain name you will create a link from your post back to your website .
This will enable people who read your post and like what you say to visit your site .
It will also give you a vital inbound link which will help improve your Google PageRank .
This is marketing for non-marketersJ
Note :
Do n’t abuse this linking ability to overtly promote your website , product or service .
This is bad comment etiquette and will do nothing to build your online reputation .
STEP 5 – Develop Your Own Style , Tone and Personality
Its not only what you know , that ’s important , how you communicate it also matters .
You should develop a consistent and interesting style that is engaging , enjoyable and easy to read .
Some things to think about as you create your style :
* Always aim to grab attention with the first line
* Acknowledge and praise the contribution of others ( without being creepy ! )
* Do n’t be argumentive , but defend your opinions in a positive way
* Keep the conversation going by asking questions
* Provide sources and references to your arguments .
Few contributors to this , so those that do get noticed
* Add a touch of humor where possible
STEP 6 - Respond
When visitors comment on your posts , respond .
This is less important when your post is on someone else ’s site because the conversation will go on without you .
However if people come to your site and post a comment then a response will keep them engaged in the conversation .
Always remember people remain loyal to communities where they feel involved .
STEP 7 – Build Relationships with Key People
Once you start to comment regularly and prove your authority in your subject , you will start to attract attention as an expert .
This is when your hard work will start to pay off .
To maximise your effort you need to build relationships with the key bloggers in your subject .
They will then start referencing you and your site in their posts and even asking you to contribute posts to their site .
This is the point when your status as an expert is formerly recognised in the community .
You ’re now a player and you will see your website or blog rapidly grow in popularity .
And all of this has been achieved by doing what you do best , talking about your subject
STEP 8 – Do n’t Stop
A reputation is like a plant .
If it is not regularly fed , watered and looked after it will fade and die .
Once you establish your online reputation and authority you must continue to build and expand it , by ongoing participation in your online communities .
Conclusion
Writers with passion are natural online marketers .
By following these simple steps above they can quickly build traffic to their website and authority in their niche , without ever needing to know what the letters SEO mean !
&amp ; amp;lt ; a href = " http://subhubdotcom.disqus.com/?url=ref " mce_href= " http://subhubdotcom.disqus.com/?url=ref " &amp;amp;gt;View the discussion thread.&amp;amp;lt;/a&amp ;amp;gt ;
blog comments powered by Disqus
Sadr 's militia was blamed for many deaths before the ceasefire
He announced in August that his Mehdi Army would not attack rival armed groups or American forces in Iraq .
This was widely credited with reducing sectarian tensions and contributing to the recent overall drop in violence .
BBC Baghdad correspondent Jim Muir says the government and US military will clearly be relieved by the move .
US military officials have publicly recognised this contribution of the ceasefire as helping to stabilise parts of Iraq .
This suspension will culminate in the dissolution of armed groups .
The political process and the rule of law should be the basis for arbitrating our differences , not militias
Barham Saleh
Deputy PM
Other key developments that have helped reduce the violence have been the surge of US troops in and around Baghdad , and the emergence of US - backed Sunni militia who have taken on al - Qaeda in Iraq in western areas of the country .
Deputy Iraqi Prime Minister Barham Saleh praised the move .
" This suspension will culminate in the dissolution of armed groups .
The political process and the rule of law should be the basis for arbitrating our differences , not militias , " Mr Saleh told the Reuters news agency .
In a statement the US military said the truce extension would allow security forces to focus on combating al - Qaeda .
Tension
With the approach of the Saturday deadline for the expiry of Moqtada Sadr 's original ceasefire tension and speculation had mounted over whether it would be extended , our correspondent says .
Pro-Sadr clerics announced the ceasefire extension in the mosques
The cleric , whose forces have frequently clashed with the Americans in the past , had sealed envelopes distributed to Friday preachers in Shia mosques with instructions that they should be opened and read at Friday prayers .
In the statement read out from the pulpits Mr Sadr ordered the Mehdi Army to continue suspending all military activities for a further six months until August .
The aim , it said , was to give the movement an opportunity to retrieve what it called its ideological position .
Expulsion threat
Since the original ceasefire was announced American and Iraqi forces have kept up a drive against what they regard as rogue elements of the Shia militia who did not abide by the truce .
Spokesmen for the Sadr movement said that any members who did not obey the order would be expelled .
Also on Friday , a ban was imposed on horse - drawn carts and other wagons pulled by animals in Baghdad , after one was used in a bomb attack .
Three people were killed when explosives hidden in a cart were detonated in the centre of the capital .
In other violence , at least four people were killed in a suicide bomb attack outside a mosque in the mainly Sunni city of Falluja , west of Baghdad .
[ Continuing Gamasutra 's ' Game Design Essentials ' series , which has also included ' 20 Difficult Games ' and ' 20 Open World Games ' , this fascinating installment examines unconventional control schemes , from Robotron through Crazy Climber to the Wiimote and Guitar Hero , with detailed design lessons for each concept . ]
Stop for a moment and consider what it is that makes a game control well .
It is not as easy a question to answer as you may think .
There is a theory that the controls of a video game should do their best to get out of the player 's way .
The interaction between the player 's mind and the game world should be as simple as possible .
The perfect controller , to this thinking , is something that would read minds and eliminate all possibility of confusion , other than that in the player 's head .
There would be no controls to learn , no buttons to press , and no fumbling with control pads .
Input would be completely mental , and output would be a holodeck .
In the absence of such technology , controls should be standardized so a player can move from one game to another easily .
They seek to develop a shared control language that applies across games : left stick moves , right controls camera , the major action button shoots , a secondary one jumps , shoulder buttons flip between weapons -- that kind of thing .
Every control style mentioned in this article speaks against this theory .
Some present their own standards in its place , due to their being well - suited to their style of game ; the dual joystick ( shooting ) style has been used in a few games itself , from the old classic Robotron : 2084 to Geometry Wars .
Others really have no chance of ever becoming a standardized control scheme , but are okay with it .
After Donkey Kong Jungle Beat , why would anyone else even care to make a platformer controlled entirely with the pressings of two buttons ?
But then , why would someone have cared to make it to begin with ?
For some of these games , special hardware is needed to measure player performance in greater detail , so as to translate it into game terms .
In the Golden Tee games , rolling the trackball further and faster makes for a stronger shot .
Other games use special controllers to accentuate the game experience .
Guitar
Hero naturally does this to help the player feel like a rock star , and the bicycle - powered arcade game Propcycle is perhaps the closest we will ever come to experiencing human - powered flight .
The purpose of this article is not to describe the games themselves , unless it is important to do so to explain what makes its control scheme interesting , or if the style is mostly relevant to only one game .
Because it 's concerned with games that purposely do things in a non-traditional manner , there 's an unusually large representation from arcade developer Atari Games on this list .
Finally , again , although the list is numbered , this should not be taken as a list of the " most " unusual control styles ever seen in games .
Attempting to make such lists will always make some folk unhappy .
I know I 'm never happy with them .
These games are given as examples .
Some are obvious , and some push the limits of the theme .
That is the point .
The idea is to give you ideas for your own project , and to show some notable successes , and maybe failures too .
While the price of gold is going through the roof on world bullion markets , Ethiopia 's central bank is anxiously checking the contents of its vaults to see just how much " fool 's gold " is in there .
The first hint that something was wrong reportedly came when the Ethiopian central bank exported a consignment of gold bars to South Africa .
The South Africans sent the shipment back complaining they had been sold gilded steel .
Investigations revealed that the bank had bought a whole consignment of fake gold from a supplier , who is now under arrest .
Other arrests followed , including business associates of the man accused , national bank officials , and chemists from the national geological survey whose job it is to assay the bank 's purchases of gold and certify that they are real .
After posting the screenshot of the new Internet Explorer 8 Beta 1 toolbar yesterday , I ’ve heard a lot of people complain about how wide ( vertically ) the toolbars have become .
Understandably that was a concern to many users because a browser should devote as many pixels as it could for the content and not itself .
The assumption comes from IE8 having twice as many toolbars as IE7 did , and thus it was perfectly reasonable to come to the conclusion it took up twice as much screen real - estate .
Because I had posted a resized image of the interface , it was difficult to prove if that was indeed the case .
In response , I made this original - size side - by - side comparison of the two browser interfaces .
( Left ) Internet Explorer 8 Beta 1 toolbar .
( Right ) Internet Explorer 7 toolbar with links menu enabled .
( Left ) Internet Explorer 8 Beta 1 toolbar .
( Right ) Internet Explorer 7 toolbar without links menu enabled .
As you can see , the IE8 interface is barely any larger than the IE7 interface .
The exact different is only 8 pixels .
The tabs too are identical at 33 px high .
By removing the border above the tabs and joining together the two toolbars , it really looks much more spaced out at the cost of barely anything .
In my opinion , it ’s well worth the difference .
Update : A few people have pointed out because IE7 does n’t enable the links menu by default , it was not an accurate representation of the IE7 interface .
I ’ve now added another comparison with the links menu disabled .
The difference now becomes 30 pixels .
However I should add I do n’t think this is fair comparison and I ’m also pretty sure the links menu in IE8 can too be disabled .
Speaking of which , I took the quick opportunity to also make a comparison with Firefox 2 .
Granted it ’s a bit of an apple vs. oranges comparison , the difference is a staggering 20 pixels .
By DAVID DERBYSHIRE
Last updated at 13:26 27 March 2008
The space shuttle Endeavour and its crew of seven have returned to Earth after a record 16 - day mission that delivered part of a Japanese lab and a Canadian robot to the International Space Station .
After touching down at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida , Endeavour 's commander , Dominic Gorie said : " It was a super - rewarding mission , exciting from the start to the ending . "
Scroll down for more ...
Endeavour was supposed to land before sunset , but at virtually the last minute , clouds moved in .
As the astronauts took an extra swing around the planet , the sky cleared enough to satisfy flight controllers and - after asking Gorie for his opinion - they gave him the green light to head home .
It was only the 22nd space shuttle landing in darkness .
Less than one - fifth of all missions have ended at nighttime ; the last one was in 2006 .
Scroll down for more ...
crew
Captured against the stunning backdrop of the Earth , an astronaut hangs precariously 250 miles above the Earth as the International Space Station hurtles through space at 17,000 mph .
The £ 70 billion structure - a giant network of pressurised cabins , solar panels and radiators - is now in its tenth year of construction yet still is only about 70 per cent complete .
Orbiting the Earth once every 90 minutes , it is the second - brightest thing in the night sky after the Moon and also the most expensive object ever built .
The station is designed to carry out scientific research and test the effects of life in space on humans - all in preparation for the day when mankind ( eventually ) ventures to Mars .
Due to be completed in 2010 and expected to operate until at least 2016 , it has been continuously occupied by an average of three astronauts since the first crew arrived in November 2000 .
While the scale of the space station has captured the imagination of many , it has also attracted its fair share of criticism .
Sceptics say the venture - a joint collaboration between America , Russia , Europe , Japan , Canada and Brazil - is a waste of money that could have gone to more useful experiments in space .
Scroll down for more ...
Connected to the ISS by a wire and sweltering in a pressurised space suit , movement is cumbersome and difficult .
Astronauts wear a rocket pack to control their movements
But whatever the arguments about its usefulness , the specifications are mind - boggling .
When finished , it will be made of 14 pressurised modules which serve as living quarters , corridors , science laboratories , airlocks , storage and docking compartments .
Scroll down for more ...
Power for the ISS comes from the sun - and is collected by four pairs of vast solar panels , one of which can be seen here
The modules are connected to a giant truss 231 ft long .
Power comes from a giant solar panel array which stretches nearly 200ft from the ship and is constantly tilted by computers so the panels face the sun .
These stunning images were taken from the Space Shuttle Endeavour , which has just finished a mammoth two - week construction job .
The shuttle delivered the latest 14 ft - long storage unit as well as a giant , two - armed robot called Dextre , which cost an eye - watering £ 100 million .
Nasa has ten more flights scheduled to the space station before it retires its ageing Shuttle fleet in 2010 .
After that , crews will be ferried to the station on Russian and European spacecraft .
In the meantime , constant work goes on inside ... and out .
Just do n't drop the spanner .
By Andrew Benson
Head believes radical ideas need to be explored on overtaking
The veteran says races can be boring and wants the fastest cars to start at the back and the slowest at the front .
" I would like to see the grids in reverse order of championship position , " Head told BBC Sport .
" It 's the same for everybody , and over a whole season the right guy would still win the championship . "
Head , who has been involved in F1 for more than 30 years and is one of the most respected engineers in the sport , feels his idea will " very much upset the purists " .
But he said current proposals to facilitate overtaking and improve the spectacle were unlikely to work and urged the FIA , the sport 's governing body , to " be a bit more adventurous " .
If you line the cars up with the fastest at the front and the slowest at the back , why should there be any overtaking ?
Patrick Head
Co-owner Williams team
Previous attempts to increase overtaking have failed .
The boldest of those was forbidding refuelling between qualifying and the race .
The move was designed to open up the possibility of positional changes in the race because teams would adopt different strategies .
But , in practice , the strategies of the leading teams do not tend to vary significantly .
Any changing of position that takes place tends to be a result of what happens in the pits not on the track .
For 2009 , the FIA has introduced another series of changes to spice up the sport .
These include introducing a " boost " button to provide a brief burst of extra power and changes to the aerodynamics to make it easier for one car to follow another closely .
But Head , speaking ahead of the start of the new season in Australia , says he does not think they will make a big impact .
" If you allow the guys to do all this practice and testing and then you line them up with the fastest at the front and the slowest at the back , why should there be any overtaking ? " he said .
" Maybe overtaking will be less difficult , but if a guy is back there because he is 0.3 seconds slower than the car in front , why should he overtake [ it ] ? "
Head admits there would probably be a number of objectors to his idea .
He anticipates some people would want to know how the grid would be formed for the first race of the season .
He also feels some drivers would be upset .
" The fastest might say : ' Well , overtaking is a risk and it puts us more at risk than the guys who do n't have to do that ' , " said Head .
" I 'm sure people would complain .
" But I do come across a lot of people who say they like watching motorbikes [ more ] and I have to say I 'm a little bit in that camp because there is n't a lot of overtaking in Formula One .
Overtaking is notoriously difficult in Formula One
" What 's really boring is if there 's a car that is genuinely faster sitting on the tail of the car in front and his race is destroyed .
" We 've had some races at Monaco where people have been held up for 30 or 40 laps when they 've been a second or two faster than the car in front , and I think that 's a pity . "
Head 's view is largely at odds with that of FIA president Max Mosley , who has in the past likened the strategic complexity of Grands Prix to chess matches .
Mosley admits overtaking is currently a little bit too difficult , but he argues that if it became too easy it would lose its appeal .
Head says his proposal had not come out of the blue and was not motivated by his team 's recent fall after dominating F1 in the 1980s and 1990s .
" I 've suggested [ it ] to the FIA in the past and I 've made those suggestions at times when Williams have been winning races , " he said .
As evidence his proposal would work , Head highlighted the 2005 Japanese Grand Prix , which has been hailed as arguably the greatest single race in F1 history .
The fastest cars qualified well down the field because of a rain shower in qualifying .
The result was a dramatic race that included a number of daring overtaking manoeuvres .
Fernando Alonso passed Michael Schumacher around the outside of a 180 mph corner while Kimi Raikkonen eventually claimed victory with a superb overtaking move on the last lap .
As anybody who watches this space knows , we ’ve been pouring increasing amounts of love on dynamic languages recently .
Well , er , on Ruby , to be precise .
But you know , Ruby ’s not the only game in town .
So , as of this morning , noted Pythonista Ted Leung and Jython lead Frank Wierzbicki are joining Sun .
Plus , we ’re sponsoring PyCon and have applied to join the Python Software Foundation ( it turns out you not only have to contribute , you have to get voted in ) .
So , what are these guys going to be working on ?
I ’m not sure .
While we ’re using Python internally for OpenSolaris IPS , nobody would call us real experts on the language .
So my opinion is that Frank and Ted need build bridges to the community and figure out how we can help ; if we can pitch in as well with Python as we have with Ruby , that ’d be a win / win I ’d say .
Quick Python trivia question : Near as I can tell , Guido works half - time on Python over at Google .
Is there anyone in the world , aside from Frank and Ted , getting paid to work full - time on Python ?
READER COMMENTS ON
" Larry Johnson : ' FUCK KOS ... You Guys Are John Bolton and Dick Cheney in Drag ' "
( 23 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Mar said on 2/15/2008 @ 11:52 am PT ...
I went , and I read ...... thanks for the nod Brad .
Way to go , Larry ...!!
Give 'em hell ...!!
No Quarter is now on my favourites .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Matt K. said on 2/15/2008 @ 12:13 pm PT ...
This cracked me up after a very long day at the office .
Ca n't agree with Larry more - and his RSS feed finds a happy home in my reader now .
Me thinks the crowd over at Markos ' site need an occasional gate rattling and / or crashing of their own .
For my part , I removed Daily Kos from my list of blogs read and used after I saw the commentary regarding Mike Malloy 's termination from Air America in 2006 .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 2/15/2008 @ 12:47 pm PT ...
Larry Johnson has always been a straight shooter .
Just another notch in his belt .
I 've added his site also .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... socrates said on 2/15/2008 @ 1:04 pm PT ...
Thanks Mr. BradBlog for becoming a success .
You are a hero .
You speak for a lot of us nobody bloggers who simply want truth and justice .
It may seem that the ptb's have an ironclad hold on the internet .
But they do n't .
There is a grassroots within cyberspace .
Gatekeepers like KOS do eventually get exposed .
Great job by Mr. Johnson taking the screenshot .
That particular skill has helped myself in my own personal struggles against oppressive , internet cheaters .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Warren said on 2/15/2008 @ 1:06 pm PT ...
My head is spinning .
I could not agree more with Larry Johnson 's assessment of KOS ; he has been off of my list for a while now for a number of reasons .
Maybe I should spend some more time on No Quarter but , at the moment the rabid , hysterical , anti-Obama paranoia is more than a little bit disturbing .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Nunyabiz said on 2/15/2008 @ 1:12 pm PT ...
No Quarter has been on my favorites list for awhile now .
At least as long as DKOS has been on my shit list .
I enjoy reading Larry 's take on the TREASON committed by the Bush administration over the Plame affair .
Sibel Edmond 's revelations fit right into this treason perfectly .
I was banned from DKOS right after the blatantly stolen 2004 S- election for having the audacity to mention the FACTS concerning the fraud committed and also for bringing up the FACT that 9/11 was a false flag attack committed by a faction of the US Government .
All the little Kos nut bags show absolutely zero difference in their " view " of election fraud & the facts about 9/11 than far Reich wing lunatics like Rush Limbaugh , Hannity , and Reich wing sites like LGF & Free Republic , which proves one of 2 things , they are either totally insane or they are gatekeepers .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 2/15/2008 @ 1:33 pm PT ...
Much as I love Johnson 's frequent resort to gut - honest , no bullshit responses to the crap in this world , I just took his site OFF my bookmarks because of the relentless Obama bashing --- even though I do n't personally think he or Hillary would be any good .
But one of Larry 's compatriots just the other night dissed the living snot out of CHE GUEVARA in her avidity for the relentless Obama bashing .
Che 's fingernails had more heart and class .
That tore it for me .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Nunyabiz said on 2/15/2008 @ 1:53 pm PT ...
ROTFL .. Ummm Obama's " Terrorist Ties " has to do with a $ 200 donation by William Ayers , no doubt a PROUD MEMBER of the Weathermen from about 30 years ago ?
We should be so lucky as to have a president that views the Weathermen favorably .
That actually makes me like Obama a little bit more .
The Weather Underground is EXACTLY what this country needs TODAY !
Yeah gotta say Larry has completely lost his mind on that one .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... socrates said on 2/15/2008 @ 1:55 pm PT ...
The Johnson webpage is coming out mangled for me .
I am curious if this is some kind of macintosh compatibility problem or perhaps something insidious .
I 've put up a few screenshots linked to in my username as examples .
Thanks if anyone can explain this .
On some Kos threads , I have had similar problems , where some posts became difficult or impossible to read .
I am definitely not looking to create " conspiracy theories " which do n't exist .
I 'm expecting this has to do with my using a mac instead of pc .
I used to have trouble viewing the bradbog on my previous mac computer .
Now I am on one of the newer macs , so I am unsure .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... socrates said on 2/15/2008 @ 1:58 pm PT ...
I humbly agree with the previous posters that Johnson 's attacks seem a bit out of place .
I wo n't throw him completely under the bus , however .
He still has helped expose Kos for having the quick censorship trigger .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... bruce said on 2/15/2008 @ 2:07 pm PT ...
" American Terrorism " : Shays Rebellion comes to mind easily but here 's a list to peruse :
http://en.wikipedia.org/...ons_in_the_United_States
OR is one wants to stick specifically to the word ' terrorism ' then :
http://en.wikipedia.org/...ism_in_the_United_States
Note that the ' Weathermen ' targeted police and military locations , not ' civilian ' targets and that they came about as a result of the trumped up Vietnam War .
I agree with Larry Johnson about DKos but it 's really a stretch to critique Obama for association with a ' terrorist ' , especially when Larry does not critique current elected officials with the terrorism the U.S. visits on other nations ( see ' Confessions of an Economic Hit Man ' ) .
It also needs to be noted that Joe Wilson has endorsed Clinton and Larry has close ties with the Wilson's .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 2/15/2008 @ 2:14 pm PT ...
You guys read my posts about kos .
I may have even started the thingy here .
No matter , thanks for the compliment Brad that I was circumspect .
Perhaps I should be circumcised too .
Anyway , I agree that kos is clueless in some very critical matters ( " the CIA is a liberal institution " ) , but that his blogfolk are in general not so clueless .
It is different here at Bradblog , because our blogboss and the bloggers are in general all level headed .
Nevertheless , kos has done a good thing in helping get blogs popular .
He has some great talents .
But one day kos is going to realize that power corrupts because it has toxins in it .
I mean any social power , including blogboss , has the potential to corrupt to some degree .
One who is exposed to power must do some exercises of some sort to get the toxins out , to neutralize them .
The bradblog community and Brad tend to have a way of ridding ourselves of the toxins , and keeping our outrage at the rampant fascism virus down to a workable level .
We try not to become overly ad hominem ( except toward facist politicians ) and we succeed most of the time .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Joseph Cannon said on 2/15/2008 @ 4:19 pm PT ...
Brad , you know I have my own problems with Kos .
I even intentionally misspell the link to his site on my own humble blog .
But look at it this way .
I 've never told you how to run your joint , even though you do things I would n't .
( By which I mean , you allow comments from readers I would chase off with sharpened rakes . )
And you 've never told me how to run my digs , even though I do things you probably think are stupid .
( Such as chasing off people with sharpened rakes . )
So how can I dare to tell Kos how to run HIS operation ?
It 's his baby .
And given his success , he would be a fool to take advice from either one of us .
As for the censored story ...
I respect Johnson , and I am UNenthused about Obama .
But Johnson 's claim that Obama is tied to a " terrorist " is silly .
What does his evidence come to ?
Simply this : Obama sat on some committee board or other with a guy named William Ayers , who later gave the Obama campaign a couple of C notes .
Long ago , Ayers was part of the Weather Underground , although he was never charged with anything .
Cah - MON , Larry !
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 2/15/2008 @ 6:13 pm PT ...
Comment # 2 : I 'll do you one better ... I never HAD DailyKOS on my blogroll !
What a weird site that is !
I think they 're nuts !
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 2/15/2008 @ 6:22 pm PT ...
The main point about DailyKOS , is that they ban people not for misinforming / lying / cursing / etc ... but for not saying what they want you to say !
But , like I said , who even cares anyway ?
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... socrates said on 2/15/2008 @ 7:23 pm PT ...
This story transcends whether Johnson was out of line or not .
Word is that there is widespread censorship going on at DailyKos .
There is censorship going on at Huffington Post and the Democratic Underground also .
If people are n't allowed to question Clinton and Obama on anything and everything , then where is the democracy ?
I just want good , fair debate with decent sources used .
Why should n't Kos be called out for being a gatekeeper ?
KOS goes out of his way to whitewash election fraud .
Kos could very well be intel , a plant .
Now should Brad censor my opinion which is based on facts ?
Does it make Brad look like tinfoil , does it then reinforce what Kos is astroturfing ?
What happened to Cynthia McKinney by the news networks is being conducted against tons of people .
She never went into 9/11 conspiracy theories .
She just had some legitemate questions .
But the news networks spliced and diced it into making her out to be a " loony moonbat . "
The same thing has happened to Cindy Sheehan , Michael Moore , Phil Donahue , Dan Rather , Rosie O'Donnell , BradBlog , Dennis Kucinich , and Medea Benjamin , on and on .
Then there is all the crazy tinfoil that is all over the internet .
When you go to the whois , nearly all of them can not be traced to a real person or company .
Some of them have no ads or next to nothing , yet are very splashy and seem to have had a lot of money put into them .
Then one might have heard about Hal Turner .
It turns out he was linking to bomb instructions .
I doubt he ever got in trouble for that .
He was evidently working with the FBI .
Cointelpro anyone ?
Sherman Austin , on the other hand , got busted for something on his server he did n't even post .
There is plenty of stuff I could keep rambling about but will stop here .
I 'm just saying it does n't take a rocket science degree to see that the internet is being manipulated in major ways .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 2/15/2008 @ 8:55 pm PT ...
Lessee ... a few responses .
To Joseph Cannon # 13 - I 'd not tell Kos how to run his site .
Nor you yours ( though , as you know , I 've had a few suggestions for you from time to time ) .
I will , however , point out when I believe Kos , or anyone , is doing something dangerous , as I believe he and his minions have done on the issue of Election Integrity , and as I believe he does with the kind of fascistic threats as seen leveled at Larry .
Also , as Big Dan smartly points out at # 15 above :
The main point about DailyKOS , is that they ban people not for misinforming / lying / cursing / etc ... but for not saying what they want you to say !
Though it might be an overstatement , I share the generally sentiments , most notably when it has to do with something that should be discussed ( whether one agrees with a particular point of view or not ) .
Finally , while I enjoy the irony of being accused ( by Kossacks , coincidentally ) of being an Obama Supporter in the wake of my concerns about the NH Primary , I think most folks here seem to be missing the point of Larry 's comments --- which I 'mveonly just read now --- about the connection between Obama and the " terrorists " of the Weathermen .
The point is not so much whether the guy gave $ 200 to Obama and served on a board with him for several years .
The point seems to be that this will likely be used against him , mercilessly in a general election campaign by the GOP .
No matter how much it 's germane to Obama 's ability to be President or not .
Also , I think Larry 's comments , as follows , particularly from a one - time Bush supporter are well worth noting ( and no , please do n't make me a " Hillary supporter " by the end of this post either !
Thanks ! ) :
Finally , I am very concerned about Obama ’s lack of experience and the adulation surrounding his campaign .
I bought into the nonsense that George Bush was a “ uniter ” and not a “ divider . ”
I ignored his failed business enterprises .
I overlooked his ignorance of foreign affairs .
Well folks , never again .
And in my book , Obama shares too many of the Bush qualities .
I find it creepy and alarming .
I guy as weak as Obama , who has a track record of making bad decisions while currying favor with the likes of Rezko and Ayers bugs the hell out of me .
So , for Oldtree and others , that ’s why I ’m doing what I ’m doing .
Discuss .
Though if you say something I do n't like , you can expect to be banned , unless you sign The BRAD BLOG loyalty oath thereafter .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Ram said on 2/16/2008 @ 12:39 am PT ...
Brad # 17 : Where can I get me one of those " BRAD BLOG loyalty oath " things ?
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... colinski said on 2/16/2008 @ 1:53 am PT ...
I 've followed both this site and No Quarter for some time , and Larry 's problem with KOS appears to have more to do with their support of Barack Obama than anything else .
MoveOn 's recent endorsement of Obama earned them a FU from Larry .
In fact , Larry 's been using a lot of FUs lately .
I appreciate Larry & Susan 's past contributions , but their increasingly erratic tone and astronomical level of partisanship for Clinton have hurt their credibility .
And ironically , rather than persuade me of their point of view , Larry and Susan accomplished just the opposite .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... jwrjr said on 2/16/2008 @ 8:46 am PT ...
It does seem as though LJ might have been a little excessive in his response .
I 'm not commenting on what he said , just on how he said it .
My biggest objecttion to Obama is n't so much Obama himself ( if he is nominated , I will probanly vote for him ) , but rather his supporters .
Obama 's supporters proudly proclaim that if Clinton is nominated , they will never vote for her .
Then they claim that Clinton is divisive .
To borrow from Shakespeare , methinks they do protest too much .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 2/16/2008 @ 9:23 am PT ...
Unfortunately we have not had any " for " elections these neoCon daze , and thus we have been relegated to " against " elections .
We vote out what we are against .
I see that happening for several more election cycles .
After that perhaps we can have some general " for " elections .
I am against all things republicans for a while because I know you can't just pull the tops off weeds , you have to get the roots out .
The candidates should not confuse the massive movement pushing Obama as deep " for " , because it is deep " against " at its heart .
Against the decade old status quo of wars and lies for no reason other than to fuck over our nation until it becomes Amurka with no America remaining .
We are up AGAINST it !!!!!
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Steve B said on 2/16/2008 @ 10:34 am PT ...
You will note that the DKos warning to Larry Johnson and , indeed , to anyone else who receives a warning does not identify the one who is issuing it .
To me , this failure to identify is an act of cowardice regardless of the rationale used .
It is designed to strip the " offending party " of responding to a specific " Kossack " even though they might want to identify specifically the objection and have the opportunity to respond .
Thus , you end up with the generalized , unresolved anger of the kind expressed by Larry Johnson .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 2/16/2008 @ 5:44 pm PT ...
QR Code Link to This Post
1. YES WE MAKE A CHEESE PIZZA !
No pizza joint in the world would refuse that request .
No , you do n't have to be embarrassed because you 're ordering what a typical 5 - year old likes to eat .
No , you do n't have to say " Do you make a pizza without any topppings ?
I mean , like , uh , just with cheese - only ... and sauce ? "
Every pizza has cheese on it , unless you 're a freakin ' vegan , and no one is staying in business by offering dough - and - sauce - only treats .
So , yes , no matter what pizza place you call WE MAKE A CHEESE PIZZA .
Even if the menu says " The Classic " or " Basic " or whatever , if you say cheese - pizza we know what it is .
2. KNOW YOUR ADDRESS !
Do n't giggle , you overpaid salaried - MBA reading this during your lunch - hour .
YOU are the IDIOT that calls and says " We just moved .
It 's by the store on the corner . "
Really ?
Thank goodness there is only one store on a corner in all of Washington State .
For a moment , I thought I might actually have to look on a map to see where you live or verifiy the northeastern part of this town or the west side of the next city .
Oh , and when I politely mention that I need an exact address , do n't huff and act like I 'M the one making things difficult .
Find a piece of mail .
Look on your lease or morgage papers .
Go outside .
You DO have an address , contrary to the nameless customer who insisted " they " took his address away ( but he 's got other problems ) .
3 . NO , I WILL NOT BE THE PERSON WHO DELIVERS YOUR PIZZA .
Yes , I know .
I 'm a girl .
You 're a boy , maybe even cute .
I have a pleasant phone voice , which is why I was hired for this job .
I do n't care how wild the party is .
I do n't care that the parental units have left for the weekend .
I do n't care that you will tip me $ 20 just to show up .
I 'm being nice to you because it's my job , not because I 'm trying to get a boy - friend .
Also , although I 'm not in this boat , just beware that not everyone who sounds like a pretty model is .
Ever see the movie " Spun " ? 4 . WE WON'T ATTEMPT TO DEFY THE LAWS OF THE PHYSICAL WORLD FOR YOU .
Grow up , miss " I want it extra - well done - but not burnt ! "
Really ?
What the fuck do you mean ?
Extra - well done by definition IS burned .
Would you like it simply well - done with an extra paranoid note to the kitchen not to burn it ?
No ?
You specifically want it to be EXTRA well - done and NOT BURNT !
The other annoying request is for " one " side of the pizza to be well done , and the other " lightly - baked . "
Um , sir , you do understand what a pizza is , right ?
That the whole pie will go in the oven and both sides of the pie will be cooked the same amount ?
We have n't entered into the Star Trek technology of a half - burned , half - soggy pie yet , but we will certainly send you some coupons when we do .
Shall I put down " golden brown " for now ?
Sound good ?
You mean like , NORMAL ? 5 . DO YOU LOVE YOUR CHILDREN ?
I think most of you do not .
I hope you understand that when you leave your children in the care of a baby - sitter you should make sure that she / he knows the address where the kids live at , god forbid an EMERGENCY happens .
Also , knowledge of the household phone - number would be great so that we can actually get ahold of the baby - sitter when we find out that the wrong address we were given will cause us to be a little late .
I know .
It 's a big romantic night out and you have n't been laid in months because you have n't had enough " alone time " together .
But write down the address , write down the emergency numbers , write down that your lovey - dovey brat is allergic to mushrooms so that HOPEFULLY those emergency numbers wo n't have to be used .
6 . A REAL ALLERGY ?
Look , if you a seriously allergic to something , let me know .
We will take extra-precaution .
But if you simply do n't like lots of garlic , just tell me so we do n't put extra garlic on the specialty pie - do n't tell me you are allergic and then get pissed off when I am reluctant to send you out a pizza that has tomato sauce on it because all of that sauce will have some garlic in it , you fucker .
If you 're so goddamned allergic , you probably should n't be eating that , should you ?
7 . DIETERS .
Just stop it .
Pizza is junk - food .
Quit saying double - extra cheese and pepperoni and in the same breath say you 're on a diet and do we have a thinner , whole - wheat crust ?
It 's not going to work , baby .
You 're fat .
You 're going to get fatter .
The quickest way to not be fat is to eat LESS and move MORE .
So , why do n't you take a walk down to where we are , order a green salad with no dressing OR go all out and order some extra sausage on that pie as well , HEAVY on the olive - oil basting .
8. STONERS ARE THE BEST .
I love stoners .
I did n't fully realize what a wonderful contribution they are to society until I started working here .
If YOU , dear surfer - boy stoner showed up here after a long shift , I would marry you .
You guys are so grateful for anything because you 're soooo hungry .
You are just amazed that a delivery kitchen delivers , that a pizza place makes pizza , and that we can even throw pepperoni on that .
Half the time , you forget you ordered , so when our delivery guy shows up , it 's like getting to actually SEE Santa filling the Christmas stockings .
On a budget ?
I 'll send you extra coupons .
We should all be more like stoners .
Sweet . Dude.9 . PARANOID PRICK .
Yes , you rude paranoid prick .
Watch out .
You 're lucky you are insignificant & therfore not worthy of revenge , but I want you to think through this once .
IF YOU WERE IMPORTANT ENOUGH FOR THE CIA TO BE AFTER YOU , I THINK YOU WOULD HAVE BETTER THINGS TO DO THAN TO ORDER PIZZA .
To the rest of the paranoid pricks who are n't as delusional about the government , think through this : you 've been extremely rude to me .
I , who know your name , phone number , address and credit card number .
I could do a lot of damage .
I know it .
Now YOU know it .
So watch it , because the next person you talk to like that might be a Star Wars nerd who turns to the dark - side .
10 .
LOVERS .
True , I do n't have a significant other , so one might think this was jealousy writing , but it is n't , I assure you .
I know you 're in love .
I know " schnookims " probably gives great head , or at least a lot of it , or that " sweetie - pie " just bought you some earrings .
Great .
But do you realize that incessant dribble on the phone is something I 'd rather not hear ?
You sound like idiots .
And to the couples that can't wait until after copulation to call - TAKE AN ETTIQUETTE CLASS .
It is NOT cool to screw during a phone call .
Maybe in the 1950's it was daring , but come on !
Not even the mile - high club is that daring anymore .
Will continue to post updates as time goes by ....
By Susan Watts
BBC Newsnight , science editor
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The young man at the back of the room got a big clap .
" I 'm a PhD student in solar physics .
Why , in the current climate , should I and other students take the risk of continuing to do research in this area ? " he 'd asked the panel .
Nicholas Owen , from the solar theory group at St Andrews University , summed up the mood last week of astronomers gathered in Belfast for the annual meeting of the Royal Astronomical Society .
Some , especially the younger ones , were resigned to having to get out of astronomy altogether .
Astronomy and fundamental physics in the UK are in the midst of their worst funding crisis for decades .
These are the scientists trying to make sense of the very big and the very small - the stars and the galaxies of the Universe beyond Earth , and the sub-atomic particles that make up everything on it .
That might seem esoteric , but as another solar physicist pointed out , his work on the activities of the Sun will help us to understand climate change or make communications satellites work better .
Physicists working on huge particle accelerators that smash electrons into each other are trying to create new light sources so focussed they can target cancers deep inside someone 's brain - tumours it 's too dangerous to treat with today 's X - ray techniques .
This is the type of science that created the iPod .
All this is under threat from cuts .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
At the Belfast astronomy meeting , it was as if I 'd stepped back in time to the 1980s .
One of the first articles I ever wrote back then was for a series in New Scientist magazine called " Research in Peril " .
The New Labour government vowed to rejuvenate science and put the UK back on track to create a " knowledge - based economy " , as Gordon Brown is fond of putting it .
And science in general is in relatively good health these days - getting closer to the level of funding it deserves .
Yet since last December , once again , we 've seen senior astronomers and senior scientists from fundamental physics having to speak out to defend their subjects .
So what 's gone wrong ?
The crisis has its roots in the merger last year of two of the government quangos that run UK research into one superquango , the Science and Technology Facilities Council , or STFC .
Ministers promised there 'd be no reduction in funding , but with the Comprehensive Spending Review of December 2007 came news that although science had done well overall , the STFC was in dire straits .
The funding of the physical sciences is at a precarious state
Prof Martin Rees
The STFC has so much of its budget tied up in long - term international projects , like Cern , the international particle physics facility in Geneva , and the European Space Agency , that it faces an £ 80 m shortfall in cash over the next three years .
High - profile centres like Jodrell Bank and its radio astronomy Lovell telescope have question marks over their future .
For the Astronomer Royal , Professor Martin Rees , the problem is symptomatic of a much bigger and more serious problem .
Professor Rees , who is also president of the UK 's national science academy , the Royal Society , told me that the health of the physical sciences in Britain is not good .
He says it 's time for a major re-think in the way the physical sciences are funded .
" Issues that have hit the headlines like serious cuts in physics departments and the cutting of high - profile projects like Jodrell Bank , those are the consequence of poor planning within the research council , not at government level .
However , overall the funding of the physical sciences is at a precarious state in this country compared to the biomedical sciences .
" We are up against competition not just from the US but also from universities in the Far East .
Unless we can compete we will fall behind , and unless in the UK we retain our competitiveness in these areas it 's bad for the economy in general . "
Cern 's Atlas detector will search for the elusive " God particle "
The government has made much of wanting the UK to be a magnet for mobile talent .
The cuts defy that goal .
Professor Swapan Chattopadhyay is director of the Cockcroft Institute at the Daresbury Laboratory near Manchester , where particle physics facilities and jobs are at risk .
He was attracted to the UK as part of a reverse brain drain .
Now he 's thinking of going back .
" I would like government and the research council to take a serious look at how they are generating their future vision for science , and whether the community of scientists at large are participating in it or whether what 's coming out is a quick response to a local fiscal problem . "
So how does the chief executive of the STFC , Keith Mason , defend what 's happening ?
Many of the scientists whose work is at risk hold him responsible .
Some suspect the £ 80 m shortfall is even there more by design than mismanagement , and that he is carrying out an agenda from government to move money away from pure science and emphasize the practical , the money - making .
He says that 's wrong .
" The mantra is not that we want to do less cutting edge pure science , we want to do more .
" But we need to farm the knowledge that we get more effectively so that we can afford to do more of it because , ultimately , the amount of astronomy and particle physics and pure science we can do depends ultimately on how well our economy is doing - and we should be contributing to that , too . "
That may well confirm the worst fears of the astronomers and particle physicists under threat .
If you cared about money you would n't be a scientist at all would you
John Womersley
STFC " It 's quite clear to us , " he went on , " that we do need to get better economic impact from the stuff that we invest in .
It 's taxpayers ' money , and taxpayers have a right to a return from it .
You wo n't have innovation without the science - but equally people have to face the fact that you wo n't get pure science unless you also get the value out of it and get the innovation , too . "
I 'm told by the Astronomer Royal that he thinks Jodrell Bank 's Lovell telescope itself was never under serious threat .
What was at risk was something called eMerlin , an array of radio telescopes , including the Lovell dish , for sensitive radio mapping of the skies .
Now , after all the attention , it seems even eMerlin will be " re-prioritised " .
There are even signs that the secretary of state at the Department for Innovation Universities and Skills , John Denham , has woken up to the seriousness of the situation over which he is presiding .
Last night , Downing Street responded to the 17,000 - plus e-petition over the cuts .
A number of scientists said astronomy was not being rewarded properly
The amount of money to be saved is small , and dwarfed by the impact it 's having .
Senior scientists say the situation is serious enough that the government should step in , and find some extra cash to tide the STFC over .
Working out the " nitty gritty " of the finances of the STFC , to really understand what 's gone wrong , will take a bit of work .
At the Belfast meeting , Keith Mason offered the books up for astronomers to examine .
They will surely take him up on this offer .
So what of Nicholas Owen , the student who 's wondering if he should carry on ?
The answer he got , from John Womersley , director of science programmes at the STFC , was criticised as patronising : " If you cared about money you would n't be a scientist at all would you , " he told the students in the hall .
" You may feel it 's a bigger gamble than you want to make , knowing what you do about future funding .
" But if it 's not rewarding , and it 's not exciting and you do n't feel you can make a contribution , then do n't do it .
If you can , then let 's figure out a way that you can .
The future budgets make it tough , I can't deny that . "
He 's a particle physicist not an astronomer .
Certainly what he said was insensitive .
He badly mis-read just how angry and dismayed that room full of astronomers felt .
And it was a desperately sad note to end on .
Watch the report on Tuesday at 10.30 pm on Newsnight or anytime on the Newsnight website .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
QR Code Link to This Post
1. I am a cashier .... You pay me for what you buy .
I do not invent , manufacture , package or research products .
I am a cashier .
If you want to know if it contains peanuts ... read the label .. it will say " contains peanuts " 2 .
I think it 's great that you have 13 cents in your purse , under your wallet , beside your cell phone , somewhere around the 150 receipts you have wadded up in there , and one more penny somewhere inside the torn lining of your purse .
Just give me the damn dollar so I can give your change back and wait on the 70 other people behind you .
Having the exact change does not make you customer of the year !
3 . I am not a pharmacist .
I do n't want to know the intimate details of your symptoms and I can not tell you if ibuprofin or acetominaphen will work best for you .
Go to the damn doctor and ask him .
If I was qualified to prescribe medicine do you really think I would be a cashier ?? 4 . I am not overcharging you .
I do not even know the person who owns this company .
Why would I over charge you so the owner of this company can make more money ????
I am not Robin hood !
Do you see me wearing green tights and a curly green hat ?
Come see me when I own this company and work the cash register , maybe I will consider over charging you then !
5 . No !!!
You can't lay a dollar on the counter and run out because the person in front of you is holding up the line by digging for that penny .
The year is 2007 .
If you buy something , it has to be scanned to put the money in the register .
There are thousands of items in stores .
I do not go home at night and study to memorize the prices .
That is why we have modern cash registers .
So we can scan items and the price just magically appears and that way , I can't cheat you out of that two cents that we discussed earlier !
6. OK .. your kid is cute , but I do n't want to have a conversation with a two year old .
If I did , I would be at home having a conversation with my own two year old , who by the way is much cuter and much much better behaved than your offspring .
Tell the Brat no and pay for your crap and get out of the way !
I am trying to work here !
There 's 50 customers behind you who would like to get dinner home before breakfast !
7 .
I 'm sorry that you want 12 cents off of a $ 10 bag of candy .
The candy is not on sale .
I do n't care if it was on the sales rack or if you scraped it off the floor .
It 's not on sale .
If you lay in the floor , scream , cry and wet yourself , it still will not be on sale .
Use a little common sense here .
If you want to yell , you can Yell at the lady with the adorable little darling who spends his afternoons running through the store moving products from shelf to shelf while mommy is asking the cashier what she needs to take for her diarrhea .
Maybe she will give you 12 cents to shut up .
It works for her kids .
8 . I am not a psychic .
You can not stare at me and point at the wall behind me while talking on the cell phone about your husband 's hairy back and expect me to know what you want .
Hang up the damned phone and speak , roll over , play dead , do something that makes sense !
If you are that worried about your husband 's hairy back , ask one of the cashiers , perhaps they can prescribe a bottle of nair , which by the way .. is on sale ... 12 cents off !!
After nearly a decade of pressure from openness advocates inside and outside of government , the Department of Energy has finally released its landmark history of the production of highly enriched uranium ( HEU ) .
The study “ was commissioned [ in 1996 ] to facilitate discussions of HEU storage , safety , and security with stakeholders , to encourage other nations to declassify and release similar data , and to support the national policy on transparency of nuclear materials . ”
The newly released report “ contains details of the U.S. HEU inventory as of September 30 , 1996 , and provides a historical material balance that summarizes over 50 years of U.S. activities that produced , acquired , and utilized HEU . ”
“ This report combines previously released data along with newly declassified information that has allowed DOE to issue , for the first time , a comprehensive report on HEU . ”
“ From 1945 through 1996 , a total of 1,045.4 metric tons of uranium containing 859.2 metric tons of uranium - 235 was produced in the United States at three facilities utilizing two different production technologies . ”
“ As of September 30 , 1996 , the total U.S. inventory of HEU was 740.7 MTU containing 620.3 MTU - 235 . ”
Rich in detail , the 173 page report has been only minimally redacted ( sanitized ) .
The report was released in response to a Freedom of Information Act request from the Federation of American Scientists .
See “ Highly Enriched Uranium : Striking A Balance , ” U.S. Department of Energy , January 2001 .
Evan writes about technology .
Please see the userinfo for details .
I sometimes write about work , but please keep in mind that I never speak for my employer .
According to a statement released on its web site on Thursday , the United States International Trade Commission ( USITC ) has begun an investigation into a list of companies that reads like a Who 's Who in the modern electronics industry .
At issue is whether or not the companies in question have infringed upon a series of patents held by Dr. Gertrude Neumark Rothschild .
The patents in question have not been specifically identified , but they cover " short - wavelength ( e.g. , blue , violet ) LEDs and laser diodes that are used in products such as handheld mobile devices , instrument panels , billboards , traffic lights , HD DVD players ( e.g. , Blu-ray disc players ) , and data storage devices . "
Given the scope of the claim , the number of companies named in the complaint is unsurprisingly high .
Highlights from the list include Hitachi , LG , Lite - On , Matsushita , Motorola , Nokia , Pioneer , Samsung , Sanyo , Sharp , Sony , Sony Ericsson , and Toshiba .
Normally , a list of patent - infringing companies that includes world + dog is a good sign that a troll is at work , but the woman behind this particular lawsuit , Gertrude Neumark Rothschild , appears to be more than your average bridge - dweller .
In fact , she 's an expert in LEDs and has been for longer than many of us have been alive .
Rothschild is the Howe Professor Emerita of Material Science and Engineering and Professor Emerita of Applied Physics and Applied Mathematics at Columbia University , where she 's taught and worked since 1985 .
She graduated from Barnard College in 1948 and earned her Ph.D. in chemistry from Columbia in 1951 .
In between her graduation and return to Columbia , she spent time first at Sylvania Research Laboratories and then at Philips Laboratories .
She also holds several patents that cover the production of wide band - gap semiconductors in the blue / ultraviolet range ( these are presumably the patents at issue , though patent numbers are not given ) , and she worked specifically in the development of gallium - nitride - based semiconductors .
There 's little to indicate that Dr. Rothschild has decided to launch such an endeavor as a means of commemorating her imminent octogenarian status .
This is n't the first time , however , that the good doctor has filed suit against major companies she felt were engaged in patent infringement .
She previously filed suit against both Toyoda Gosei and Philips Lumined over their alleged infringement of US Patent No. 4,904,618 ( " Process for Doping Crystals of Wide Band - Gap Semiconductors " ) and 5,252,499 ( " Wide Band - Gap Semiconductors Having Low Bipolar Resistivity and Method of Formation " ) .
The suits were eventually settled out of court .
Whether her claims prove valid or not , Dr. Rothschild has established herself as a woman who is willing to play hardball .
Sony and the other manufacturers named have yet to officially respond to the allegations , but they 're unlikely to look kindly on a IP holder challenging their collective rights to build the electronic devices ( and Blu- ray players ) currently driving the next generation of tech adoption .
We 'll be monitoring this story as it develops .
From the January 14 , 2008 Sports Illustrated :
Page 36 : " Then , on a late touchdown run against Arkansas on Nov. 23 [ LSU quarterback Matt Flynn ] separated his throwing shoulder .
Two painkilling injections allowed him to stay in the game . "
Page 51 : " In the moments before kickoff , some players listen to metal and some listen to rap .
Some talk to God and some talk to themselves .
Seattle Seahawks defensive end Patrick Kerney wraps a black graphite glove around his neck , wires it to the portable neurmuscular stimulator in his locker and sends small currents of electricity into his body .
He literally energizes himself . . .
When Kerney goes home to his house in Bellevue Wash . , he climbs into a hyperbaric chamber to infuse his body with oxygen .
Then he falls asleep under silver - threaded " earthing " sheets plugged into an electrical outlet .
. . "
It 's such a relief " performance enhancing drugs " are banned from professional sports , is n't it ?
We have no idea what their long - term health consequences are , and there 's a real possibility they offer users an " unfair " advantage .
The war in Iraq has been one of the most disastrous wars ever fought by Britain .
It has been small but we achieved nothing .
It will stand with Crimea and the Boer War as conflicts which could have been avoided and were demonstrations of incompetence from start to finish .
The British failure in the Iraq war has been even more gross because it has not ended with a costly military victory but a humiliating scuttle .
The victors in Basra and southern Iraq have been the local Shia militias masquerading as government security forces .
Britain should immediately hold a full inquiry into the mistakes made before and during the war in Iraq out of pure self - interest .
Gordon Brown 's suggestion that holding such an inquiry now would somehow threaten the stability of Iraq is either a piece of obvious prevarication or , if taken at face value , a sign of absurd vanity .
Iraqis show not the slightest interest in British policy and assume it will simply be an echo of decisions made in Washington .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
I have watched this war being fought over the last five years and I never for a moment felt that the Government in London had the slightest idea of the type of conflict in which it was engaged .
It has become common for supporters and opponents of the war to argue patronisingly that what was needed was a plan about what to do after the war , as if this would have reconciled Iraqis to be occupied by foreign powers .
Those British officers I met over the years had an acute idea of why intervention in Iraq was a very bad idea but had become used to being ignored .
A few would claim that Britain had rich experience of counter - insurgency in Malaya in the 1950s and Northern Ireland after 1968 .
" The situation in Basra was exactly the opposite , " one former British military intelligence officer exclaimed to me impatiently .
" In Malaya and Northern Ireland , we had the support of the majority but in Basra we have no allies . "
How we got into this situation needs to be inquired into and also how we avoid falling into it again .
The worst failings were political .
In many ways Tony Blair in 2002 - 03 , when he decided to join America in the war , resembled Neville Chamberlain in 1938 .
He ignored expert professional advice .
He had no alternative plan if anything went wrong .
He lived in a world of propaganda and fantasy .
He would spring from his plane in Baghdad to be greeted by Iraqi politicians who did not dare leave the Green Zone .
There are 175 British servicemen who have died for nothing .
The troops stationed outside Basra do nothing except show the US that they have one ally left .
The British Government throughout the whole war has shown an extraordinary degree of arrogance and ignorance of history .
They did not seem to know that three years after Britain captured Baghdad in 1917 it was fighting a ferocious tribal revolt along the valley of the Euphrates .
It does not require much knowledge to understand that any country should be chary of being sucked into small wars .
The Duke of Wellington , who had seen what had happened to Napoleon in Spain , said that " Great powers do not have small wars " .
Most of the reasons why Britain should not have allowed itself to become the unquestioning ally of America in what became an imperial occupation are obvious .
America and Britain discovered Iraq was a quagmire still .
If the military situation has stabilised it is only because Iraqi Sunni and Shia now hate each other more than they hate the Americans .
It is a terrible legacy of five years of war .
* Senator John McCain arrived in Baghdad yesterday for an unexpected visit to Iraqi and US diplomatic and military officials .
Details of the visit by one of the foremost supporters of the 2003 invasion and soon - to - be Republican presidential nominee were not being released for security reasons , the US embassy in Baghdad said .
" Senator McCain is in Iraq and will be meeting with Iraqi and US officials , " said an embassy spokeswoman Mirembe Nantongo .
There were no media opportunities or news conferences planned for the visit .
Senator McCain , who is believed to be staying in Iraq for about 24 hours , is on his eighth trip to the country .
Today in my ongoing series of photos from my travels , this shot of the fingerprint reader at Walt Disney World 's turnstiles .
These machines ( which , I 'm told , capture the shape of your fingertip instead of your fingerprint itself ) are used to keep Disney World customers from sharing or re-selling their admission tickets , and are part of a general and growing police - state climate at the parks that includes routine bag - searches at each park entrance .
The readers are n't very effective at stopping admission cheats .
You can choose not to register your fingertip , and to use photo ID for admission instead ( I 'm thinking of having a random piece of photo identification made with the words " OFFICIAL BOGUS SECURITY IDENTIFICATION FOR HOTELS , THEME PARKS AND OTHER JUNIOR G - MEN " printed on it ) .
So it would be very easy to share your pass : the person named on the pass enters with his ID , and the person with whom he 's sharing the card uses a fingertip — you could visit with your sister 's family and half of you could use the tickets in the morning while the other half hung around the pool and relaxed , then switch at lunch : the morning crew uses fingertip , the afternoon uses ID .
What these readers are effective at is conditioning kids to accept surveillance and routine searches and identity checks without particularized suspcion .
One morning at Epcot Center , as we offered our ID to the castmember at the turnstile and began to argue ( again — they 're very poorly trained on this point ) that we could indeed opt to show ID instead of being printed , a small boy behind us chirped up , " No you have to be fingerprinted !
Everybody has to be fingerprinted ! "
To all those parents who worry that Disney will turn their kids into little princesses , it 's time to get priorities straight : the " security " at the parks is even more effective at conditioning your children to live in a police state .
Link
Denmark has a problem — it ’s generating too much power from the wind .
Currently , Denmark gets about 20 % of its total electrical power from wind .
On windy days , that percentage can double .
The ups and downs of wind power can strain an electricity grid .
In western Denmark , the price of electricity can drop to zero on a windy day , leaving utilities scrambling to offload excess power or take a financial hit .
To solve this problem , the Danish utility company Dong Energy plans to build a nationwide system to charge electric cars with the surplus wind power .
They are partnering with a start - up company in California , Project Better Place , and they are planning by 2010 to build the infrastructure to support a countrywide electric - car system , with charging spots and battery - exchange locations across Denmark .
“ Cars are the perfect match for wind power , ” said Shai Agassi , chief executive of Better , which is rolling out a similar network in Israel and has a deal with Renault and Nissan to build fully electric mass - market cars that run on lithium - ion batteries .
“ They charge sitting in the garage at night when there is little other demand for electricity . ”
Dong , which has dealt with wind “ intermittency ” for years , has its hands full with the Danish government ’s pledge to raise its share of electricity from renewable sources to 30 % by 2025 .
“ It ’s an increasingly difficult challenge for us , ” said Dong CEO Anders Eldrup .
“ We have to make our traditional fossil - fuel plants more flexible .
That way we can turn power plants down , or even off , when the wind is blowing . ”
In addition to revamping old plants , Denmark has built stronger connections to nearby Germany , Sweden and Norway so it can sell excess electricity on windy days .
When it is windy in Denmark , countries like Norway buy cheap power to supplement their own hydropower resources .
On very windy days about half of wind power is exported to Norway and Sweden , where many homes are heated with electricity .
“ We have to keep investing heavily in the grid to make sure we can transport the electricity from wind when and where it is most needed , ” said Peter Jorgensen , vice president at Energinet.dk , the nonprofit , state - owned company that runs Denmark ’s grid .
Via : Dong Energy Press Release and Wall Street Journal
As I traveled through India on a recent business trip , the topic of energy was constantly on my mind ( as it is every time I travel ) .
I found out some interesting things about jatropha , toured a sugarcane ethanol plant , found a wind farm in the middle of nowhere , and encountered a native ethanol skeptic .
Here are my impressions .
Ethanol in India : Another Brazil
The highlight of my trip was definitely the tour of the Sanjivani sugar cane plant near Shirdi .
This could be a model to the rest of the world ( with some exceptions ) regarding how sustainable ethanol should be produced , as they have the entire life cycle covered .
Sugarcane Headed to the Ethanol Plant
They take in the sugarcane from local farmers , and they produce sugar .
Molasses is a by - product of sugar production , and they ferment that to make ethanol .
Bagasse is also a by - product , and this is used to fire the boilers to provide power for the plant .
The sludge waste that they produce is composted and mixed with the bagasse ash and given back to the farmers to put on their fields .
As far as I can determine , this is an entirely sustainable process .
But the bagasse is the key to the entire operation .
I quizzed them quite a lot about the bagasse boilers , and what I was told is that because the sugar extraction process produces very finely ground bagasse ( I walked out of the plant covered with bagasse dust ) , and because the ash content in bagasse is very low - it is an ideal feed for the boilers .
Very few sources of biomass fall into the category that 1 ) .
It is necessarily removed from the field as a by - product of the cultivation ; 2 ) .
The resulting process pulverizes the biomass ( not only does this make it easy to burn , but it dries easily as it passes through flue gas on the way into the boiler ) ; and 3 ) .
The ash content is very low , minimizing maintenance of the boilers .
This makes sugarcane ethanol a truly unique production method , and not something that is easily transferred to corn or cellulosic ethanol .
Not only were they making ethanol ( 95 % ; not fuel grade ) but they had an entire chain of ethanol derivatives that originated from the sugarcane ethanol .
These derivatives included important industrial chemicals such as acetic acid , acetic anhydride ( very important in my current job ) , acetaldehyde , and ethyl acetate .
As mentioned above , the grade of ethanol that they primarily produce is industrial grade .
This differs from fuel grade for blending in that the ethanol - water azeotrope is n't broken ; the final product is 95 % ethanol and 5 % water .
This greatly reduces the energy usage , as it takes a lot of effort to get out that last 5 % water .
This is in fact the concentration that Brazil primarily uses for fuel , and makes the energy balance much more favorable than using anhydrous ethanol .
For blending with gasoline , it is not a good option as the water will phase out .
But for dedicated ethanol vehicles , the 95 % grade seems to be a reasonable option for partially supplying the energy demands of many tropical countries .
In Search of the Elusive Jatropha Plant
If you are like me , when someone mentions jatropha , India immediately comes to mind .
Most jatropha stories that I have seen mention India as leading the way on jatropha development .
For a while , I had no reason to question these reports , but recently I started developing some doubts .
The doubts started when I was contacted by a biodiesel company in Turkey .
They had shut down operations because feedstock costs had gotten too high , and they asked if I could help them find an alternative source .
I asked them if they have looked into jatropha .
They said they had , but were n't able to locate anyone in India who could supply them .
I thought this was odd given what I had heard about jatropha in India , so I agreed to look into it for them .
I initially contacted a number of people with various Indian and biofuels connections , but nobody could point me to a concrete lead .
So one of the things I intended to do on my trip was track down that elusive jackalope , er jatropha .
During my trip I asked practically everyone I met , which included a number of people involved in biofuels , and while almost everyone knew what it was , nobody could point to anyone who was actually producing it .
I thought this increasingly odd , given the hype I had heard regarding jatropha and India .
Those who did know a little about jatropha in general , said that the problem is that the fertile land is being utilized to grow food ( a billion people need a lot of land for food ) and the marginal land typically has no roads or other infrastructure that could support a jatropha industry .
While I did see a lot of seemingly marginal land as I drove around , it was pretty remote .
Furthermore , I was told that jatropha requires about 3 years to produce , and not many farmers are likely to be willing to tie up their land for an extended period on an unproven crop .
So , while this does n't mean that there is no potential for jatropha , I left the country feeling that the jatropha situation in India has been highly overstated .
Transport : Mostly by Foot
Based on my observations , the vast majority of transport in India is by foot .
I traveled pretty deeply into rural India , and almost everywhere I went there were always vast numbers of people walking along the roads .
Motorcycles are abundant , and almost always had multiple passengers .
At one point , I saw seven people ( five of them young children ) all piled onto a single motorcycle .
Mass Transit
In cities like Bombay , auto - rickshaws were everywhere .
I rode in one , and would describe it as essentially like a motorcycle with a light - weight body built around it .
Interestingly , the one I rode in ( maybe all of them are like this ) ran off of compressed natural gas .
Speaking of which , there were a lot of alternative fuel vehicles in Bombay .
I saw many CNG vehicles , and a taxi I rode in once was fueled by a propane tank in the trunk .
Sitting in an Auto Rickshaw
A Wind Farm and an Ethanol Skeptic
At one point we were driving through a very remote area , and suddenly a wind farm appeared .
I took some photos .
The farm appeared to be very distant from any cities , so I am not sure about how cost effective it was in that location .
Wind Farm in Rural India
One thing I did n't expect to encounter was an ethanol skeptic , but at one of the meetings we had , ( following my questions about jatropha ) , our host told me that " ethanol for biofuel is India 's greatest threat . "
I asked why , and he said he feared that 1 ) .
The demand in the West for biofuel will result in a food versus fuel competition that would devastate India 's poor ; and 2 ) .
That increased ethanol demand would exacerbate India 's already serious water problem .
Food
During the week in India , I had meat twice .
The total I had was about 3 ounces of chicken on a pizza .
I would have guessed that I would be constantly starving , but the food is very filling , and very good .
I have n't had vegetarian like that in the West .
At a typical meal , I would have a carbohydrate ( usually a flat bread ) , a vegetable , and a protein .
Rice was always part of the meal .
But the meals were very nutritious and healthy , so I plan to incorporate some of these meals into my normal diet .
My host ( and Bombay native ) Kapil Girotra informed me that India is self - sufficient in food .
He also told me that 70 % or so of the population is vegetarian , which means it requires less land to feed them .
On the other hand , I saw a very large portion of the population that certainly is not getting enough to eat .
So you might say that they are barely self - sufficient .
They do produce enough food to feed their population , but I saw a lot of undernourished people .
The Poverty
The poverty in India is just stunning .
We do n't have anything to compare it to in the West .
The people that would be considered very poor in the West have it far better than the poor in India .
They are literally starving to death .
I once asked what happens if someone has a medical emergency in the slums .
" If they have money , they live .
If not , they die . "
I just imagined a child getting hit with something incredibly painful like renal colic ( and believe me , it is excruciating ) and not being able to get help .
I can't imagine the strain on a parent going through that .
I would rather have a finger chopped off than stand by helplessly while my child screamed in pain for hours .
Seriously .
I think in the West we just tune it out when we see it on TV .
But you can't tune it out when you drive by mile after mile after mile of people living essentially in garbage dumps .
I think we treat our unwanted pets in the West with more concern than we have for a starving 2 - year - old half way around the world .
I was frequently asked what I was thinking about , and once I replied " What it would be like to have everyone in India experience a little of America , and everyone in America come see this . "
The Traffic
It really is n't accurate to call it traffic .
It is chaos .
It 's just a free - for - all out there .
I would highly caution a Westerner against renting a car and attempting to drive .
You will spend all of your time in a state of confusion , and you will hold up traffic while you try to figure out what to do .
The constant honking ( in lieu of signaling ) was unnerving , and I felt at all times as if I should be flipping someone off .
For me ,
Hell would be having to be a cab driver in Bombay for all eternity .
The roads are shared by people , bikes , motorbikes , auto - rickshaws , and cars .
I frequently observed traffic going the wrong direction , and it was quite normal to have someone turn directly across your path .
We had drivers who took us from place to place , and they would pass people on blind curves and hills , and sometimes they even passed someone in the act of passing someone else .
I do n't think we have a proper frame of reference in the West for the " traffic " in India ; especially in the big cities .
And of course this means a constant haze hung over Bombay while I was there , which presumably gets scrubbed during the monsoon season .
Hazy Bombay Behind Me
The People
The population density is something else .
I once wondered aloud just how many people I had seen on this trip .
Kapil , the guy I was traveling with , said " Probably a good fraction of all the people you have ever seen in your life . "
That is not an exaggeration .
We traveled around the country , and with very few exceptions there were people lining the streets everywhere .
Several times I would observe a crowd and wonder what was going on , but there was nothing going on .
It was just a crowd .
But it looked like a constant stream coming out of a major sporting event .
Despite the crowded conditions , I only saw violence once – when a man tried to drag another out of a car after a wreck .
The people seem to cope quite well .
Crime does n't seem to be nearly the problem you might expect in a city of that size and population density .
But with that many people comes a great deal of garbage .
There was trash everywhere , and most of the time you could smell rotting garbage .
One night we stayed well north of the city , but every once in a while my room would fill up with a garbage smell .
I presumed the wind had shifted from Bombay .
Travel
It took forever to get anywhere .
You look at a place , and think " It 's only 100 miles . " 3 hours later , you still are n't there .
We spent 20 hours on the road over the course of 4 days .
They do n't have many rest stops and such with facilities that I could see .
But the people I was traveling with never needed them .
We would spend 7 hours in the car and never stop for a bathroom break .
Needless to say , I limited my water intake on the trip , as I found that bathrooms were treated as a precious commodity .
On a couple of occasions when I was in a meeting , I asked for the restroom and found someone standing outside of it , and a sign that said " VIPs and guests only . "
I traveled by train as well , after Kapil asked if I was up for an adventure .
I thought " What could be so adventurous about riding the train ? "
It is n't for everyone .
If you like hot , sweaty bodies packed in like sardines ( and that 's in 1st Class ) , then go for it .
It took us an hour to get to our destination , and during that ride there were constantly people hanging out of the open doors , and it was standing room only .
I wondered whether the people in 2nd Class were stacked like cord wood .
Conclusions
India was an eye - opening experience for me .
I managed not to get sick while I was there , and I credit my host Kapil for his constant advice on what I should and should n't eat and drink .
( I do n't recommend the buffalo milk , by the way ) .
The contrasts were amazing .
Outside a cluster of $ 400 / night hotels was the worst poverty I have ever seen .
I once saw a guy pulling a hand cart and talking on a cell phone .
Houses in the slums had satellite dishes on top of them .
A number of times we walked down hallways of buildings that looked to be 100 years old and decrepit , and then stepped into one of the most modern offices you have ever seen .
One of the things this trip has done for me is to highlight the importance of efforts to transition to a more sustainable lifestyle and avoid the kind of collapse that is often discussed in relation to Peak Oil .
I think if more people understood just how far society could fall - and I saw that in the slums of India - we could get serious about our energy situation in a big hurry .
Note :
This essay is a summary of some key points .
However , for most of my trips I keep a detailed journal for future reference .
But I publish them , and the full boring blow - by - blow can be found in two entries :
India Part I
India Part II
Here is a sign of how shaky the economy is becoming : Wal - Mart says its shoppers are redeeming their holiday gift cards for basic items  pasta sauce , diapers , laundry detergent  rather than iPods and DVDs .
Merchants had hoped that shoppers with gift cards would provide a lift after a slack holiday season , partly because they tend to spend more than the value of the card .
But that did not seem to happen last month , and retailers are feeling the pain .
On Thursday , the nation ’s retailers turned in their worst January in almost four decades as high gasoline and food prices , the slumping housing market , tighter credit and tougher job prospects pushed some consumers to the edge .
Sales at 43 retailers surveyed by the UBS - International Council of Shopping Centers rose just 0.5 percent in January , well below a forecast of 1.5 percent .
MOGADISHU ( Reuters ) - Hundreds of residents of a remote town in southern Somalia staged an anti-American demonstration on Tuesday after the United States launched an air strike against “ a known al Qaeda terrorist ” there .
Hundreds of residents of a remote town in southern Somalia staged an anti-American demonstration on Tuesday after the United States launched an air strike against " a known al Qaeda terrorist " there .
The town of Dobley was hit by two missiles on Monday in the fourth U.S. strike in 14 months against Somalia , where Washington says local Islamists are sheltering wanted al Qaeda leaders .
REUTERS / Graphics
The town of Dobley was hit by two missiles on Monday in the fourth U.S. strike in 14 months against Somalia , where Washington says local Islamists are sheltering wanted al Qaeda leaders .
Demonstrators in the small town on the Somali - Kenyan border said 600 people took part .
“ We do n’t want the Americans because they are against our religion and culture .
Down with America , ” shouted Mohamed Deq , one of the protesters .
District commissioner Ali Hussein Nur told Reuters by telephone “ Since the American government admitted bombing our town , where people and livestock were killed and properties damaged , it must pay compensation . ”
The exact toll from Monday ’s attack was unclear .
Nur said on Monday that six people were killed , but a local resident , Fatuma Omar , said on Tuesday that only four were wounded .
Residents of Dobley said they believed the missiles were targeting senior Islamist leaders meeting nearby .
The World Food Programme withdrew four of its aid workers and three from the World Vision charity from Buale in southern Somalia because of recent security incidents , a WFP spokesman said .
In Washington , a Pentagon spokesman said on Monday the attack was against “ a known al Qaeda terrorist ” .
White House spokesman Gordon Johndroe told reporters the United States would pursue al Qaeda operatives wherever it found them .
“ They are plotting and planning all over the world to destabilize the world , to inflict terror , and where we find them , we are going to go after them , ” he said on Monday .
In Mogadishu , two of the Somali capital ’s independent radio stations , Shabelle and Horn Afrik , were back on air after security forces raided their premises and accused them of siding with suspected activities by Islamist insurgents , their directors said .
Shabelle , Horn Afrik and Simba radios were forced to shut down on Sunday .
Simba said it was still off - air , waiting for the government to return broadcasting equipment seized in the raid .
In north Mogadishu , the bodies of two young women were dumped near a hospital close to where suspected Islamist - led insurgents and Ethiopian troops clashed on Monday .
Elsewhere , the bodies of two men killed in clashes on Sunday were found in a Mogadishu street , a witness said .
3 A.M. Girl Wants Obama to Answer Call A girl featured in Hillary Clinton 's ad actually supports Barack Obama .
March 9 , 2008  -- Casey Knowles of Bonney Lake , Wash. , was recently watching Jon Stewart lampoon Hillary Clinton 's well - known " 3 a.m. " ads on " The Daily Show " when her brother noticed something .
" They were parodying this ad , kind of poking fun at it .
They were replaying it .
We paused it .
My brother was like , ' Is that Casey ? '
And we just erupted , " Knowles said on " Good Morning America Weekend Edition " today .
" Sure enough , it 's me . "
An image of an eight - year - old Knowles appears in the ad , shown sleeping soundly in bed .
The Clinton campaign legally purchased the file footage of Knowles from Getty Images .
Clinton 's ad aimed to emphasize her experience and say she'd be a strong national security candidate .
The ad was a play on a 1980s - era advertisement with a similar theme : if there was a middle - of - the - night national security emergency , who would you want to have answer the phone and deal with it ?
Ironically , though , the now - 17 - year - old Knowles would want Clinton rival Barack Obama to answer any important 3 a.m. calls coming into the White House .
Knowles ' image originally was shot for a railroad company advertisement , but the teen said she harbors no resentment toward the Clinton campaign for using her image .
" I 'm just enjoying the irony .
I 'm an Obama supporter , " said the high school senior , who will turn 18 next month , well before the election in November .
Still , Knowles made it clear she disliked Clinton 's ad .
" What I do n't like about the ad is it 's fear - mongering .
I think it 's a cheap hit to take .
I really prefer Obama 's message of looking forward to a bright future , " Knowles said .
" I think that 's a much stronger message . "
Since her identity was revealed , Knowles said the Obama campaign has reached out to her and she offered a suggestion .
" I mentioned that we should make a counter ad , me and Obama , against Hillary , " she said .
" They thought that was really funny .
They actually might take me up on it . "
Even if the campaign opts not to utilize Knowles ' suggestion , she plans to continue stumping for her presidential pick .
Already , she played an active role in his campaign .
" I 've been campaigning for Obama for a long time .
I actually called a lot of people around my area and got them to come out and caucus for him .
I was a precinct captain at my caucus in February , " Knowles said .
" I 'm actually a delegate for my precinct and I can go on to county , state and even potentially the national convention in Denver . "
WASHINGTON  Several Democratic senators sharply criticized the secretary of housing and urban development on Wednesday , warning that accusations of wrongdoing threatened to undermine his leadership .
The Justice Department and the housing department ’s inspector general are investigating whether the secretary , Alphonso R. Jackson , improperly steered hundreds of thousands of dollars in government contracts to friends in New Orleans and the Virgin Islands .
On Wednesday , Democratic lawmakers also raised concerns about accusations that Mr. Jackson threatened to withdraw federal aid from the director of the Philadelphia Housing Authority after he refused to turn over a $ 2 million property to a politically connected developer .
The lawmakers pointed to an e-mail exchange in January 2007 between two senior HUD officials who discussed making the Philadelphia housing chief , Carl R. Greene , unhappy by taking away his federal aid .
Previously in " Hannity & Limbaugh : The Worst of America ? " we invited discussion on the legal domestic propaganda techniques used by our country 's two most - listened to talk radio " entertainers " , suggesting that the right wing talk phenomenon evolved directly and deliberately from deregulation , creating a schizophrenic media environment where we must navigate extremes in right or left wing opinion and commentary , and will rarely glimpse the self - contained balance in media that previous generations knew .
After the essay ran for about a week as a top hit on major search engines under either the term ' Hannity ' or ' Limbaugh ' , Hannity started speaking about bloggers in their basements posting terrible , horrible things about him , wearing only their underwear .
He reused this quip relentlessly throughout the week .
Though many left wing bloggers do curse Hannity in the worst ways imaginable , it made me look again at my OpEd .
Did I " attack " Hannity or were these legitimate criticisms ?
Was there balance ?
Did I appeal to the intelligence of my reader , or pander to their basest emotions ?
If I was one of the ' amateur journalists '
Mr. Hannity was referring to , one thing is for sure , he did not discuss my arguments on their merits - rather he painted me as a half - naked subterranean hack .
Just for the record , my basement is too cold for just underwear - our home heating costs have tripled since 2000 .
Hannity was also reactive this week to flak he took for his ongoing Rev.
Wright diatribe , where he has been seeking to cram - fit Barack Obama 's ideology somehow together with the slyly spliced sound clips of Reverend Jeremiah Wright 's worst moments , speculating that Obama must endorse racist policies because he did not leave the church or publicly denounce those comments before .
This week , it 's back to the guilt - by - association trick on Hannity 's show , this time using William Ayers , a member of the radical Weather Underground group who bombed government targets decades ago .
Now an accepted member of liberal Chicago social and academic circles , his connections to Obama are not even clear .
Hannity bellows about Obama commenting he and Ayers were " friendly " , and they appeared in panel discussions before .
So Hannity works with what he has - you can tune in all this week to hear him hysterically exaggerate about Obama 's " terrorist " pal .
The exciting part will be listening to hear if any caller gets through to mention that Ayers was exonerated of wrongdoing when it was found the government was eavesdropping on his communications illegally !
This is why Hannity broadcasts in a bubble .
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
I spend most of my day working on or near a computer : writing ,
replying to e-mail , making phone calls , and so on .
I use Lotus Notes
for my calendar because people need to be able to check my
availability for meetings .
I use Emacs to keep track of what I need to
do , because it makes planning my day so much easier .
The first thing I do each morning is quickly go through my e-mail
looking for action items .
Instead of leaving them in my mail inbox , I
create tasks for each of the items in my Org to - do list .
I add notes
so that I do n’t have to find the e-mails again .
I also add other tasks
that come to mind .
I add time estimates whenever I can .
This step is also a good time to review my personal objectives and
proactively set myself some tasks so that I can move towards them .
For
example , if I want to learn more about career growth , I ca n’t wait for
e -mail from someone else telling me what to do .
I have to think of
something to do , and build time into my day in order to do it .
I put
all those tasks into my task inbox , which is just a header at the
bottom of my task list , like this :
( remove the leading space )
* Inbox ** TODO .... ** TODO ....
Now that I ’ve captured all these tasks , I review my day .
What are my
appointments ?
What items are due today ?
I double - check this against
my official calendar to make sure I have n’t missed any
appointments .
After I make sure that the important tasks and
appointments are there , I start filling in gaps , scheduling some of my
important - but - not - urgent tasks onto today .
After I ’ve decided what to do that day , I review the rest of the
week .
Does my workload look reasonable ?
Are there upcoming deadlines ?
I try to make sure that all of my inbox items have scheduled dates .
I
also review my list of waiting tasks to see if I need to follow up
with anyone .
After I ’ve gotten the tasks all down and scheduled , it ’s easy to
organize them under the appropriate headings .
Billable tasks are filed
under the projects they belong to , and unbilled tasks are categorized
by how I need to report them and how I organize them into personal
projects .
Organizing tasks into categories AFTER I schedule them means
less jumping around looking for unscheduled tasks .
This process ( e- mail scan and daily and weekly overview ) takes me
around 15 minutes , and helps keep me sane .
I try to keep my mornings free for creative brainstorming and heavy
lifting .
Once I ’ve reviewed my plans for the day and the week , I pick
a task and work on it for an hour or so .
When I mark the task as
STARTED ( “ t ” or “ C-u t ” from the Org agenda view ) , the clock
automatically starts ticking .
When I mark the task as WAITING or DONE ,
the clock automatically stops .
Org timeclocking makes it easier for me
to report my hours at the end of each week .
I can also compare the
actual times against my estimates , helping me improve my accuracy .
This process is my morning ritual : putting tasks into my Org agenda ,
organizing them , reviewing and planning from my calendar , and then
getting started by working on something useful _before_ I spend time
catching up with the blogosphere or responding to my mail .
It ’s
complemented by my afternoon ritual of reviewing my completed tasks
with the Org agenda logbook and possibly blogging about some lessons
learned .
Here ’s how you can use
Org to do the same , assuming that you ’ve set it
up already .
Morning ritual :
* Read your e-mail and create tasks . *
Open your Org file .
If it ’s not yet in your Org agenda list , add it with C-c [ ( org- agenda - file - to - front ) .
You can jump to the end of the file using M-> ( end - of - buffer ) and
add tasks just by typing “ ** TODO ” and the task name .
If you read
e -mail in Emacs ( and there are plenty of good reasons to do so ! ) , you
can set up Remember Mode to make it easy to create hyperlinked tasks
from mail and other sources .
Use C-c C-d ( org - deadline ) to note
deadlines for the current task , and use C-c C-s ( org - schedule ) to note
when a task needs to be done on a certain date .
* Review your projects and create tasks . *
Tag projects like this :
** Learn about career options within the company : PROJECT :
Then you can use a custom agenda view to see your agenda for today , your projects , and other useful information .
Here ’s something you can add to your ~/.emacs :
( global - set - key ( kbd " C-c a " ) ' org - agenda ) ( setq org-agenda - custom - commands ' ( ( " a " " My custom agenda " ( ( org - agenda - list nil nil 1 ) ( tags " PROJECT - WAITING " ) ( tags - todo " WAITING " ) ( tags - todo " - MAYBE " ) ) ) ) )
You can then use C-c a a ( org - agenda , custom command ) to get an overview of your day / week , your
current projects , your WAITING tasks , and your active tasks .
* Review your day . *
Use C-c a a ( org- agenda , custom command ) to see
your appointments for the day , and open your Org file in another
buffer .
Use C-c C-s ( org - schedule ) in your Org file to schedule some
of your inbox tasks for the day and some of your tasks for other days
in the week .
You can use Shift - right and Shift - left to reschedule
tasks from the agenda view .
Use “ w ” in the agenda to switch to a
weekly view , and “ d ” to switch to a daily view .
If you want to see how your time estimates fit into your workday with
a load estimate like this :
15.8 % load : 90 minutes to be scheduled , 570 minutes free , 480 minutes gap
add estimated number of minutes to your tasks like this :
** TODO 60 Browse through a book ** TODO 15 Scan my RSS feeds
and use the following code in your ~/.emacs :
( defun sacha / org - show - load ( ) " Show my unscheduled time and free time for the day . " ( interactive ) ( let ( ( time ( sacha / org - calculate - free - time ; ; today ( calendar - gregorian - from - absolute ( time - to - days ( current - time ) ) ) ;; now ( let* ( ( now ( decode - time ) ) ( cur - hour ( nth 2 now ) ) ( cur-min ( nth 1 now ) ) ) (+ (* cur -hour 60 ) cur-min ) ) ;; until the last time in my time grid ( let ( ( last ( car ( last ( elt org - agenda - time - grid 2 ) ) ) ) ) (+ (* (/ last 100 ) 60 ) ( % last 100 ) ) ) ) ) ) ( message " %.1f % % load : %d minutes to be scheduled , %d minutes free , %d minutes gap
" (/ ( car time ) (* .01 ( cdr time ) ) ) ( car time ) ( cdr time ) (- ( cdr time ) ( car time ) ) ) ) ) ( defun sacha / org - agenda - load ( match ) " Can be included in `org - agenda - custom - commands ' . " ( let ( ( inhibit - read - only t ) ( time ( sacha / org - calculate - free - time ; ; today ( calendar - gregorian - from - absolute org - starting - day ) ;; now if today , else start of day ( if ( = org - starting - day ( time - to - days ( current - time ) ) ) ( let* ( ( now ( decode - time ) ) ( cur - hour ( nth 2 now ) ) ( cur-min ( nth 1 now ) ) ) (+ (* cur -hour 60 ) cur-min ) ) ( let ( ( start ( car ( elt org - agenda - time - grid 2 ) ) ) ) (+ (* (/ start 100 ) 60 ) ( % start 100 ) ) ) ) ;; until the last time in my time grid ( let ( ( last ( car ( last ( elt org - agenda - time - grid 2 ) ) ) ) ) (+ (* (/ last 100 ) 60 ) ( % last 100 ) ) ) ) ) ) ( goto - char ( point - max ) ) ( insert ( format " %.1 f % % load : %d minutes to be scheduled , %d minutes free , %d minutes gap
" (/ ( car time ) (* .01 ( cdr time ) ) ) ( car time ) ( cdr time ) (- ( cdr time ) ( car time ) ) ) ) ) ) ( defun sacha / org - calculate - free - time ( date start - time end - of - day ) " Return a cons cell of the form ( TASK - TIME . FREE - TIME ) for DATE , given START - TIME and END - OF - DAY .
DATE is a list of the form ( MONTH DAY YEAR ) .
START - TIME and END - OF - DAY are the number of minutes past midnight . " ( save - window - excursion ( let ( ( files org- agenda - files ) ( total - unscheduled 0 ) ( total - gap 0 ) file rtn rtnall entry ( last - timestamp start - time ) scheduled - entries ) ( while ( setq file ( car files ) ) ( catch ' nextfile ( org - check - agenda - file file ) ( setq rtn ( org - agenda - get - day - entries file date : scheduled : timestamp ) ) ( setq rtnall ( append rtnall rtn ) ) ) ( setq files ( cdr files ) ) ) ;;
For each item on the list ( while ( setq entry ( car rtnall ) ) ( let ( ( time ( get - text - property 1 ' time entry ) ) ) ( cond ( ( and time ( string - match " \\ ( [ ^ -] +\\) -\\([ ^-]+\\ ) " time ) ) ( setq scheduled - entries ( cons ( cons ( save - match - data ( appt - convert - time ( match - string 1 time ) ) ) ( save - match - data ( appt - convert - time ( match - string 2 time ) ) ) ) scheduled - entries ) ) ) ( ( and time ( string - match " \\ ( [ ^ -] +\\) \\.+ " time ) ( string - match " ^[ A - Z ] + \\ ( \ \ [ # [ A - Z ] \\ ] \\ ) ? \\ ( [ 0 - 9 ] +\\ ) " ( get - text - property 1 ' txt entry ) ) ) ( setq scheduled - entries ( let ( ( start ( and ( string - match " \\ ( [ ^ -]+\\) \\.+ " time ) ( appt - convert - time ( match - string 1 time ) ) ) ) ) ( cons ( cons start ( and ( string - match " ^[ A - Z ] + \\ ( \ \ [ # [ A - Z ] \\ ] \\ ) ?
\ \ ( [ 0 - 9 ] +\\ ) " ( get - text - property 1 ' txt entry ) ) (+ start ( string - to - number ( match - string 2 ( get - text - property 1 ' txt entry ) ) ) ) ) ) scheduled - entries ) ) ) ) ( ( string - match " ^[ A - Z ] + \\ ( [ 0 - 9 ] +\\ ) " ( get - text - property 1 ' txt entry ) ) ( setq total - unscheduled (+ ( string - to - number ( match - string 1 ( get - text - property 1 ' txt entry ) ) ) total - unscheduled ) ) ) ) ) ( setq rtnall ( cdr rtnall ) ) ) ;;
Sort the scheduled entries by time ( setq scheduled - entries ( sort scheduled - entries ( lambda ( a b ) (< ( car a ) ( car b ) ) ) ) ) ( while scheduled - entries ( let ( ( start ( car ( car scheduled - entries ) ) ) ( end ( cdr ( car scheduled - entries ) ) ) ) ( cond ; ; are we in the middle of this timeslot ?
( ( and ( >= last - timestamp start ) (< = last - timestamp end ) ) ;; move timestamp later , no change to time ( setq last - timestamp end ) ) ;; are we completely before this timeslot ?
( (< last - timestamp start ) ;; add gap to total , skip to the end ( setq total - gap (+ ( - start last - timestamp ) total - gap ) ) ( setq last - timestamp end ) ) ) ( setq scheduled - entries ( cdr scheduled - entries ) ) ) ) ( if (< last - timestamp end - of - day ) ( setq total - gap (+ (- end - of - day last - timestamp ) total - gap ) ) ) ( cons total - unscheduled total - gap ) ) ) )
Then you can add it to your custom agenda by using this in your ~/.emacs :
;; Change your existing org - agenda - custom - commands ( setq org- agenda - custom - commands ' ( ( " a " " My custom agenda " ( ( org-agenda - list nil nil 1 ) ( sacha/org-agenda-load ) ; ADD THIS LINE ( tags " PROJECT - WAITING " ) ( tags - todo " WAITING " ) ( tags - todo " - MAYBE " ) ) ) ) )
* Organize your inbox . *
Now that you ’ve scheduled your tasks , move them
under the appropriate headings .
You can use TAB to collapse a task
into a single line , then C-k ( kill - line ) to cut it and C-y to paste it
elsewhere .
I like using C-r ( isearch - backward ) to search for the right
place in the file .
* Get to work !*
You may find it useful to have four states for a task : TODO , STARTED , WAITING , and DONE .
It ’s also handy to type in a note when you mark a task as done .
To set that up , just add the following to the beginning of your Org file :
#+STARTUP : lognotedone #+SEQ_TODO : TODO STARTED WAITING DONE
Then you can use “ t ” ( org - todo ) from the Org agenda view or C - c C-t
( org - todo ) from the Org file to mark a TODO task as STARTED , or to
move from one state to the other .
To move to a specific state ( DONE
from STARTED , for example ) , either edit it directly or use C-u before
the org - todo command .
Use the following code to automatically clock in when you start a
task , start a task when you clock in , and clock out of a task when you
mark it as waiting .
( defun sacha/ org - clock - in- if - starting () " Clock in when the task is marked STARTED . " ( when ( and ( string= state " STARTED " ) ( not ( string= last - state state ) ) ) ( org- clock - in ) ) ) ( add - hook ' org - after - todo - state- change -hook ' sacha/org-clock - in- if - starting ) ( defadvice org - clock - in ( after sacha activate ) " Set this task 's status to ' STARTED '. " ( org - todo " STARTED " ) ) ( defun sacha / org - clock - out - if - waiting () " Clock in when the task is marked STARTED . " ( when ( and ( string= state " WAITING " ) ( not ( string= last - state state ) ) ) ( org- clock - out ) ) ) ( add - hook ' org - after - todo - state- change -hook ' sacha/org-clock-out - if- waiting )
* Review your accomplishments at the end of the day . *
You can use the
Org agenda logbook to see all your completed tasks .
From an Org agenda
view such as the custom one you set up for C-c a a , type “ l ”
( lowercase L ) .
You can then see your completed TODOs .
To review your time usage , you can use C- c C-x C-d ( org - clock - display )
from an Org buffer to see time totals according to the tree , or you
can add a table to your custom agenda view .
Add the following to your
~/.emacs :
( defun sacha / org - agenda - clock ( match ) ;;
Find out when today is ( let* ( ( inhibit - read - only t ) ) ( goto - char ( point - max ) ) ( org - dblock - write : clocktable `( : scope agenda : maxlevel 4 :tstart , ( format - time - string " % Y - %m - %d " ( calendar - time - from - absolute ( 1+ org - starting - day ) 0 ) ) : tend , ( format - time - string " % Y - %m - %d " ( calendar - time - from - absolute (+ org - starting - day 2 ) 0 ) ) ) ) ) )
and then add sacha / org - agenda - clock to your custom agenda in
org - agenda - custom - commands in your ~/.emacs file , like this :
;; Change your existing org - agenda - custom - commands ( setq org- agenda - custom - commands ' ( ( " a " " My custom agenda " ( ( org-agenda - list nil nil 1 ) ( sacha/org-agenda-load ) ( sacha/org-agenda-clock ) ;
Add this line ( tags " PROJECT - WAITING " ) ( tags - todo " WAITING " ) ( tags - todo " - MAYBE " ) ) ) ) )
You can then use C-c a a ( org - agenda , custom command ) to see a table summarizing your clocked - in time for that day .
END RESULT : You can add tasks , quickly get an overview of your day and
week , reschedule tasks until you ’ve got a realistic load , keep track
of your progress , and review your accomplishments .
Org keeps me sane . =)
The code above only looks like a lot of customization , but it ’s well worth it .
Next , I ’m going to figure out how to calculate my velocity , or estimated time divided by actual time taken … =)
( Thanks to Pete Bevin for catching a typo ! =) )
On Technorati : emacs , wickedcoolemacs , org , tasks , book
Random Emacs symbol : floor – Function : Return the largest integer no greater than ARG .
More posts about : emacs , org , wickedcoolemacs Tags : tasks // 14 Comments »
The Government Economy Con-Game = " Derivatives "
by Walter Burien - 03/15/08 - http://CAFR1.com
http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story/derivatives-new-ticking-time-bomb/story.aspx?guid=%7bB9E54A5D-4796-4D0D-AC9E-D9124B59D436%7d&print=true&dist=printTop
The fiat US - dollar not being backed by any hard commodity value gave government the opportunity to takeover the domestic and International market place wealth of all others for the last fifty years by perpetual printing of those dollars as the entire populations productivity value was drained through the use ; conversion ; and taxing of those dollars .
Government now owns it all ( equity ; stock market ; debt market ; insurance ; banking ; etc. ) by investment .
Read through my site
The game though in the last fifty years has transitioned into an international game " outside " of the dollar .
So , to control the World economy a new strangle - hold needed to be created that encompassed all currencies ; commodities ; or anything of value .
The answer : Derivatives !
The article linked above shows the growth of the derivative market but the driving force is not disclosed .
The first question in logic you must ask yourself is ;
Who is the primary player ?
Here the answer is our own government in composite totals between local and federal creating the biggest monopoly the world has ever seen is " the player " of no equal .
For your convenience here is a copy of Note D from the 2002 PA State CAFR and I note that the figures are in thousands ( add 3 zeros ) :
OK , what are they doing here ??
Now you must ask yourself ;
What is the advantage of a derivative ?
Being that I want you to understand , I will keep it simple here and to the point :
A derivative is a contract bet for " future " pricing in which the buyer and seller to the bet agrees to be held financially accountable for the outcome of the bet .
This could be pricing days , months , or years ahead .
The bet may apply to : a stock , bond , commodity , currency , interest rate , liability on an insurance policy , building project , mortgage , etc .
In principle and in an open free market where players involved in these items wish to use derivatives to lock in prices or limit liability on the sale or purchase of the underlying item , derivatives are a useful tool to stabilize unknown price liability .
Very little money is used to trade the derivative ( 1 % or 2 % ) of the value as a good faith deposit towards price swings of the underlying item to lock in the price for the future .
EXAMPLE : Gold is at $ 950 / oz and you think it will collapse to $ 550 / oz twelve month out from today and the derivative on the commodity market one year out ; June 2009 Gold is priced today at $ 1050 / oz on a 100 oz derivative contract ( the market thinks it will be higher one year out )
You are a small player so you SELL One ( 1 )
Well , hypothetically let 's say a research company next week announces they have developed a process to extract gold from sea water whereby millions of ounces of gold can be extracted a day for a cost of $ 5 / oz .
Ouch !
SELL , SELL , SELL !
Gold now collapses to $ 50 / oz over the next thirty days .
Well , big smile on your face , you have a commitment from a bet a few weeks ago from a buyer at $ 1050 so you now BUY One ( 1 ) June 2008 Gold on the
If on the example above you were a big trader and had clear inside information on the exact date of the upcoming announcement per Gold extraction from the sea , and filtered in 400,000 contracts between the
Here is the problem folks :
Our Government at the top knows " what is going to happen " in the near future .
They control the reports released ; interest rates assigned ; if or if not a war will take place ; or as a few did - if an event such as 911 will occur .
Additionally through the SEC ( for stocks ) and the CFTC ( for commodities and currencies ) government knows every position held by all players domestic and Internationally .
With that knowledge and armed with the historical knowledge from decades of what price swings or information presented will " suck in " food to feed on ( players they can strip bare of their wealth ) , the price swings are manipulated with extreme swings to do just that .
Government bottom - line end results are in the black on their trillion dollar composite investment funds by overbearing consistency prove this to be true .
Commodity prices on any item such as Crude oil , the Dollar , Gold , or interest rates the can be artificially raised or lowered quickly back and forth with the use of derivatives .
Many of these investment funds are now managed outside of the US ( off - shore ) with trillion dollar US Government account balances that are not even visible for ease of inspection per their trading activity ..
Do the lower level government employees know this ?
No , for most they do not .
Last year the Chinese Government cut off further US Government investments in China ( US Government investment funds , especially on their derivatives market were taking over )
India on the same day put restrictions on US Government investments in their derivatives market for the same reason also .
The following day the US Stock Market was down 650 points .
( Some thought the game was over , but it was not )
But do n't worry about the US Stock market foolks , ( whoops , sic : folks ) US Government local and federal owns the primary corporations in the US Market by composite stock ownership .
Private sector ownership is insignificant in comparison .
Salute Comrades !
The Oil Companies ; Pharmaceutical Companies ; the War Industry Companies ; the Insurance Companies ; and the Banks government now owns by investment ..
REALITY CHECK :
When you own the cookie jar , you determine the price of the cookies , what cookies are eaten and what cookies are discarded ...
Do you think one of those Fortune 500 Companies are going to buck government and find themselves in the trash can the following day ?
Me thinks not .
Now you know why the stock , currency , and commodity markets have done what they have done over the last decade or two .
You also now know the driving force ( motive ) behind every upper - level government policy and decision .
Keep in mind that on those down swings , Government is the # 1 derivative player of no equal so they make the money on the downswings and they make the money on the upswings .
The EXCHANGES guarantee the bets , the houses clearing trades through the exchanges will collect the bets if need be , and the Government who is taking the mother - load of the profits will make sure both do what is necessary to collect on the bets if money is due .
On the bet whether you are an individual , company , or country , they will seize your property , money , or business to satisfy the bet if it results in a loss to you and a balance for payment is left outstanding to them .
After all , it does influence Government 's bottom line return on their investments .
Want to look at the profits from just one government investment fund ?
Then
Two months ago CALPERS ( The CA Gov Pension Fund team ) announced they were expanding their derivative management team by 450 individuals .
Business must be good !
Follow the trail off - shore through CALPERS International since 1982 and things will get real interesting for you .
Will this 500 trillion dollar derivative bubble pop ?
Well , if a free and open market was in place at this time , and being that there are ten times the value in derivatives out there with most truly not backed with the real item , a collapse would occur tomorrow resulting with many of the players being cast on the street with a cup in their hand hoping to get a meal for the day .
( those that did not jump off the roof to the street below that is )
But alas , being that government owns the cookie jar , what their plans are for the future , only time will tell .
My guess is they will maintain their book value of investments as they continue with the conquest of everyone else 's wealth .
Massive moves up and down will occur in some markets though as they " milk the cow " of the international derivative market place .
US Government through the use of their investment funds as they developed have evolved themselves and this country into a landscape in reality more foreign looking than the face of the moon over what our founding fathers anticipated for us centuries ago .
Is this a bad thing ?
Not for the top players , they have been laughing all the way to the bank as the public is masterfully entertained , being schooled like minnows in a pond at every turn of the page .
END RESULT ???
They own the cookie jar now so , the object is to make a bigger cookie jar for the cooperative players in the game and to starve off all the rest into submission .
To have a NWO ( New World Order ) under your control , derivatives are an important step to knock - out all opposition by taking their wealth and they will come in - line for management soon enough and then be accepted into the ranks of the inside players ..
Not a peep on TV per the core of this game ?
Well ,
Who wants to make a movie on the above ?
I do !
Call me if you can make it happen !
If you know someone who can make it happen , call them first .
I " bet " if done well , it will be a top seller !
( if we can get it aired that is ) Mel , where are you now ????
One way Government now " creates wealth " out of thin air is by covertly taking it " all " as a monopoly from everyone else .
The ever - growing 516 trillion dollar international derivative market is a key tool used by Government to do just that .
Read the article linked below , but before you do , please read my comments below the link first :
The fiat US - dollar not being backed by any hard commodity value gave government the opportunity to takeover the domestic and International market place wealth of all others for the last fifty years by perpetual printing of those dollars as the entire populations productivity value was drained through the use ; conversion ; and taxing of those dollars .
Government now owns it all ( equity ; stock market ; debt market ; insurance ; banking ; etc. ) by investment .
Read through my site CAFR1.com
The game though in the last fifty years has transitioned into an international game " outside " of the dollar .
So , to control the World economy a new strangle - hold needed to be created that encompassed all currencies ; commodities ; or anything of value .
The answer : Derivatives !
The article linked above shows the growth of the derivative market but the driving force is not disclosed .
The first question in logic you must ask yourself is ;
Who is the primary player ?
Here the answer is our own government in composite totals between local and federal creating the biggest monopoly the world has ever seen is " the player " of no equal .
For your convenience here is a copy of Note D from the 2002 PA State CAFR and I note that the figures are in thousands ( add 3 zeros ) : http://cafr1.com/Pictures/PA2002D75.jpg
Do the math .
This is just one ( 1 ) government entity , one of thousands that directly or indirectly plan strategy with the " collective " of all other government investment managers .
OK , what are they doing here ??
Now you must ask yourself ;
What is the advantage of a derivative ?
A derivative is a contract bet for " future " pricing in which the buyer and seller to the bet agrees to be held financially accountable for the outcome of the bet .
This could be pricing days , months , or years ahead .
The bet may apply to : a stock , bond , commodity , currency , interest rate , liability on an insurance policy , building project , mortgage , etc .
In principle and in an open free market where players involved in these items wish to use derivatives to lock in prices or limit liability on the sale or purchase of the underlying item , derivatives are a useful tool to stabilize unknown price liability .
Very little money is used to trade the derivative ( 1 % or 2 % ) of the value as a good faith deposit towards price swings of the underlying item to lock in the price for the future .
EXAMPLE : Gold is at $ 950 / oz and you think it will collapse to $ 550 / oz twelve month out from today and the derivative on the commodity market one year out ; June 2009 Gold is priced today at $ 1050 / oz on a 100 oz derivative contract ( the market thinks it will be higher one year out ) You are a small player so you SELL One ( 1 ) June 2009 Gold contract at $ 1050 when hit as a paper commitment to to deliver 100 oz come June of 2009 .
Keep in mind this is a " paper " commitment , you do not have to fulfill the commitment until June 2009 but even though you may not own 1 oz of gold , your bet is for lower prices so you SELL and someone on paper who you sold to bought that contract agreeing on paper to pay $ 1050 come June 2009 .
Well , hypothetically let 's say a research company next week announces they have developed a process to extract gold from sea water whereby millions of ounces of gold can be extracted a day for a cost of $ 5 / oz .
Ouch !
SELL , SELL , SELL !
Gold now collapses to $ 50 / oz over the next thirty days .
Well , big smile on your face , you have a commitment from a bet a few weeks ago from a buyer at $ 1050 so you now BUY One ( 1 ) June 2008 Gold on the derivative exchange at $ 50 with someone now willing to sell one at $ 50 ( thinks the price is going to $ 5 due to the seawater extraction discovery ) and you now have canceled out your commitment to deliver come June of 2009 locking in $ 1000 / oz on the trade .
This on a contract size of 100 onces equals in cash profit $ 100,000 and your good faith margin deposit to make that trade was only $ 2000 .
Hmmm , Las Vegas a million times over !
If on the example above you were a big trader and had clear inside information on the exact date of the upcoming announcement per Gold extraction from the sea , and filtered in 400,000 contracts between the NY , Chicago , London , Z�rich , and Hong Kong derivative gold exchanges , and also went short derivatives on all international Gold mining stocks , and International currencies backed by gold , then do the math .
You are now deciding from pocket change on if to buy that small island called Hawaii or that small state called Texas .
Here is the problem folks :
Our Government at the top knows " what is going to happen " in the near future .
They control the reports released ; interest rates assigned ; if or if not a war will take place ; or as a few did - if an event such as 911 will occur .
Additionally through the SEC ( for stocks ) and the CFTC ( for commodities and currencies ) government knows every position held by all players domestic and Internationally .
With that knowledge and armed with the historical knowledge from decades of what price swings or information presented will " suck in " food to feed on ( players they can strip bare of their wealth ) , the price swings are manipulated with extreme swings to do just that .
Government bottom - line end results are in the black on their trillion dollar composite investment funds by overbearing consistency prove this to be true .
Commodity prices onitem such as Crude oil , the Dollar , Gold , or interest rates the can be artificially raised or lowered quickly back and forth with the use of derivatives .
Many of these investment funds are now managed outside of the US ( off - shore ) with trillion dollar US Government account balances that are not even visible for ease of inspection per their trading activity ..
Do the lower level government employees know this ?
No , for most they do not .
Last year the Chinese Government cut off further US Government investments in China ( US Government investment funds , especially on their derivatives market were taking over )
India on the same day put restrictions on US Government investments in their derivatives market for the same reason also .
The following day the US Stock Market was down 650 points .
( Some thought the game was over , but it was not ) But do n't worry about the US Stock market foolks , ( whoops , sic : folks ) US Government local and federal owns the primary corporations in the US Market by composite stock ownership ..
Salute Comrades !
The Oil Companies ; Pharmaceutical Companies ; the War Industry Companies ; the Insurance Companies ; and the Banks government now owns by investment ..
When you own the cookie jar , you determine the price of the cookies , what cookies are eaten and what cookies are discarded ...
Do you think one of those Fortune 500 Companies are going to buck government and find themselves in the trash can the following day ?
Me thinks not .
Now you know why the stock , currency , and commodity markets have done what they have done over the last decade or two .
You also now know the driving force ( motive ) behind every upper - level government policy and decision .
Keep in mind that on those down swings , Government is the # 1 derivative player of no equal so they make the money on the downswings and they make the money on the upswings .
The EXCHANGES guarantee the bets , the houses clearing trades through the exchanges will collect the bets if need be , and the Government who is taking the mother - load of the profits will make sure both do what is necessary to collect on the bets if money is due .
On the bet whether you are an individual , company , or country , they will seize your property , money , or business to satisfy the bet if it results in a loss to you and a balance for payment is left outstanding to them .
After all , it does influence Government 's bottom line return on their investments .
Want to look at the profits from just one government investment fund ?
Then CLICK HERE
Two months ago CALPERS ( The CA Gov Pension Fund team ) announced they were expanding their derivative management team by 450 individuals .
Business must be good !
Follow the trail off - shore through CALPERS International since 1982 and things will get real interesting for you .
Will this 500 trillion dollar derivative bubble pop ?
Well , if a free and open market was in place at this time , and being that there are ten times the value in derivatives out there with most truly not backed with the real item , a collapse would occur tomorrow resulting with many of the players being cast on the street with a cup in their hand hoping to get a meal for the day .
( those that did not jump off the roof to the street below that is ) But alas , being that government owns the cookie jar , what their plans are for the future , only time will tell .
My guess is they will maintain their book value of investments as they continue with the conquest of everyone else 's wealth .
Massive moves up and down will occur in some markets though as they " milk the cow " of the international derivative market place .
US Government through the use of their investment funds as they developed have evolved themselves and this country into a landscape in reality more foreign looking than the face of the moon over what our founding fathers anticipated for us centuries ago .
Is this a bad thing ?
Not for the top players , they have been laughing all the way to the bank as the public is masterfully entertained , being schooled like minnows in a pond at every turn of the page .
END RESULT ???
They own the cookie jar now so , the object is to make a bigger cookie jar for the cooperative players in the game and to starve off all the rest into submission .
To have a NWO ( New World Order ) under your control , derivatives are an important step to knock - out all opposition by taking their wealth and they will come in - line for management soon enough and then be accepted into the ranks of the inside players ..
Not a peep on TV per the core of this game ?
Well , Silence is Golden it seems .
Who wants to make a movie on the above ?
I do !
Call me if you can make it happen !
If you know someone who can make it happen , call them first .
I " bet " if done well , it will be a top seller !
( if we can get it aired that is ) Mel , where are you now ????
Truly yours ,
Walter J. Burien , Jr.
P. O. Box 2112
Saint Johns , AZ 85936
Tel : 928-458-5854
Website : http://CAFR1.com
--------------------------------
Pension funds pay a salary and benefits at retirement .
Any local government can be restructured to meet their annual budget needs " Without " taxes .
TRF ( Tax Retirement Funds ) paying for every City , County , State�s annual budgetary needs !
This now makes the people the true owners with government being the true service provider .
Government has already shown that a TRF works by example through the management of their own combined multi-trillion dollar pension funds !
CAFR1 says : Make it law and make it so !
----------------------------------
To automatically subscribe to the CAFR1 NATIONAL email list (s ) and posts : CLICK HERE
--------------------------------
BACK TO CAFR1 FRONT PAGE
Geometric Construction with the Compass Alone
Everything you can do with a ruler and a compass you can do with the compass alone .
Well , not everything .
For example , you can't draw straight lines using a compass .
There is no talking about it .
However , you can do everything reasonable .
I hope you would find this claim no less remarkable .
In what is known as the Geometry of Compass , a straight line is defined by any pair of two points .
Starting with two points , other points can be constructed with compass alone .
Thus in the following constructing a straight line means finding two points that belong to that line .
Remark
There are geometries in which the ruler is never used to start with .
E. g. , in finite geometries that only contain a finite number of points and lines , a line is just a ( finite ) collection of points .
On the sphere , the role of straight lines is played by the great circles .
The question of geometric construction with the compass alone is not concerned with such kinds of geometries .
Geometry of Compass only deals with constructions in the Euclidean plane , and its basic question could be formulated as , What ruler - and - compass constructions could be accomplished with the compass alone ?
The assertion that every ruler - and - compass construction could be accomplished with a compass is due to Lorenzo Mascheroni ( 1750 - 1800 ) and appeared in his 1797 tractate The Geometry of Compasses .
Interestingly , in 1928 the Danish mathematician Hjelmslev discovered in a bookshop in Copenhagen a book by G. Mohr titled Euclides Danicus ( The Danish Euclid ) and published in 1672 in Amsterdam .
To his great surprise Hjelmslev found a complete treatment of the Mascheroni result in the first part of the book .
For this reason , constructions with compass only are commonly referred to as the Mohr - Mascheroni constructions .
Inspired by Mascheroni's result , Jacob Steiner ( 1796 - 1863 ) tried to prove a similar result for a straightedge instead of a compass .
In his book Geometrical Constructions Using a Straight Line and a Fixed Circle published in 1833 , Steiner was able to prove that given a fixed circle and its center , all the constructions in the plane can be carried out by the straightedge alone .
Using only elementary Projective Geometry it can be shown that the center of the circle is indispensable .
With regard to the Mascheroni's result , instead of checking every single construction in the plane we agree that such constructions can be accomplished with a sequence of the four basic ones :
To draw a circle with the given center and radius
To find the point of intersection of two circles
To find the points of intersection of a straight line and a circle
To find a point of intersection of two straight lines
The difficulty obviously lies with the last two problems .
In the Geometry of Compass constructions may be awfully obscure even for simple problems .
To avoid complicating the matters it 's always useful to split a problem into a number of simpler steps .
A proof to the Mascheroni result will emerge as a combination of the problems below .
( However , not all of the problems are related to the proof . )
Problems ( Use a compass only )
In all problems below a segment AB is given by its end points A and B .
Construct segments 2 , 3 , 4 , etc. times larger than AB .
A point C is known to lie outside the straight line AB .
Construct a point D symmetric to C with respect to AB .
A circle is given by its radius R and the center O. Assume O does not lie on AB .
Find the points of intersection of the circle with the segment AB .
Find a point C such that AC is perpendicular to AB .
Determine whether three given points A , B , C lie on the same line .
Given three points A , B and C. C is known to lie outside the straight line AB .
Complete the parallelogram ABCD .
Let two points A and B belong to a circle with center O. Bisect the two arcs of the circle defined by the points A and B .
A circle is given by its radius R and the center O that lies on AB .
Find the points of intersection of the circle with the segment AB .
Build a square with the side AB .
Let the quantities a , b , c be defined as the lengths of three given segments .
Find x such that a /b = c /x .
Find the intersection point of two lines each given by a pair of points - AB and CD , respectively .
Construct segments 2 , 3 , 4 , etc. times smaller than AB .
Construct the center of a given circle .
Bisect a given line AB .
Construct a Regular Pentagon
References
| Contact| | Front page| | Contents | | Did you know ? |
| Geometry |
Copyright © 1996 - 2018 Alexander Bogomolny
It is the best of times in physics .
Physicists are on the verge of obtaining the long - sought Theory of Everything .
In a few elegant equations , perhaps concise enough to be emblazoned on a T - shirt , this theory will reveal how the universe began and how it will end .
The key insight is that the smallest constituents of the world are not particles , as had been supposed since ancient times , but “ strings ” — tiny strands of energy .
By vibrating in different ways , these strings produce the essential phenomena of nature , the way violin strings produce musical notes .
String theory is n’t just powerful ; it ’s also mathematically beautiful .
All that remains to be done is to write down the actual equations .
This is taking a little longer than expected .
But , with almost the entire theoretical - physics community working on the problem — presided over by a sage in Princeton , New Jersey — the millennia - old dream of a final theory is sure to be realized before long .
It is the worst of times in physics .
For more than a generation , physicists have been chasing a will - o’- the - wisp called string theory .
The beginning of this chase marked the end of what had been three - quarters of a century of progress .
Dozens of string - theory conferences have been held , hundreds of new Ph.D.s have been minted , and thousands of papers have been written .
Yet , for all this activity , not a single new testable prediction has been made , not a single theoretical puzzle has been solved .
In fact , there is no theory so far — just a set of hunches and calculations suggesting that a theory might exist .
And , even if it does , this theory will come in such a bewildering number of versions that it will be of no practical use : a Theory of Nothing .
Yet the physics establishment promotes string theory with irrational fervor , ruthlessly weeding dissenting physicists from the profession .
Meanwhile , physics is stuck in a paradigm doomed to barrenness .
So which is it : the best of times or the worst of times ?
This is , after all , theoretical physics , not a Victorian novel .
If you are a casual reader of science articles in the newspaper , you are probably more familiar with the optimistic view .
But string theory has always had a few vocal skeptics .
Almost two decades ago , Richard Feynman dismissed it as “ crazy , ” “ nonsense , ” and “ the wrong direction ” for physics .
Sheldon Glashow , who won a Nobel Prize for making one of the last great advances in physics before the beginning of the string - theory era , has likened string theory to a “ new version of medieval theology , ” and campaigned to keep string theorists out of his own department at Harvard .
( He failed . )
Now two members of the string - theory generation have come forward with exposés of what they deem to be the current mess .
“ The story I will tell could be read by some as a tragedy , ” Lee Smolin writes in “ The Trouble with Physics : The Rise of String Theory , the Fall of a Science , and What Comes Next ” ( Houghton Mifflin ; $ 26 ) .
Peter Woit , in “ Not Even Wrong : The Failure of String Theory and the Search for Unity in Physical Law ” ( Basic ; $ 26.95 ) , prefers the term “ disaster . ”
Both Smolin and Woit were journeyman physicists when string theory became fashionable , in the early nineteen - eighties .
Both are now outsiders : Smolin , a reformed string theorist ( he wrote eighteen papers on the subject ) , has helped found a sort of Menshevik cell of physicists in Canada called the Perimeter Institute ;
Woit abandoned professional physics for mathematics ( he is a lecturer in the mathematics department at Columbia ) , which gives him a cross- disciplinary perspective .
Each author delivers a bill of indictment that is a mixture of science , philosophy , aesthetics , and , surprisingly , sociology .
Physics , in their view , has been overtaken by a cutthroat culture that rewards technicians who work on officially sanctioned problems and discourages visionaries in the mold of Albert Einstein .
Woit argues that string theory ’s lack of rigor has left its practitioners unable to distinguish between a scientific hoax and a genuine contribution .
Smolin adds a moral dimension to his plaint , linking string theory to the physics profession ’s “ blatant prejudice ” against women and blacks .
Pondering the cult of empty mathematical virtuosity , he asks , “ How many leading theoretical physicists were once insecure , small , pimply boys who got their revenge besting the jocks ( who got the girls ) in the one place they could — math class ? ”
It is strange to think that such sordid motives might affect something as pure and objective as physics .
But these are strange days in the discipline .
For the first time in its history , theory has caught up with experiment .
In the absence of new data , physicists must steer by something other than hard empirical evidence in their quest for a final theory .
And that something they call “ beauty . ”
But in physics , as in the rest of life , beauty can be a slippery thing .
The gold standard for beauty in physics is Albert Einstein ’s theory of general relativity .
What makes it beautiful ?
First , there is its simplicity .
In a single equation , it explains the force of gravity as a curving in the geometry of space - time caused by the presence of mass : mass tells space - time how to curve , space - time tells mass how to move .
Then , there is its surprise : who would have imagined that this whole theory would flow from the natural assumption that all frames of reference are equal , that the laws of physics should not change when you hop on a merry - go - round ?
Finally , there is its aura of inevitability .
Nothing about it can be modified without destroying its logical structure .
The physicist Steven Weinberg has compared it to Raphael ’s “ Holy Family , ” in which every figure on the canvas is perfectly placed and there is nothing you would have wanted the artist to do differently .
Einstein ’s general relativity was one of two revolutionary innovations in the early part of the twentieth century which inaugurated the modern era in physics .
The other was quantum mechanics .
Of the two , quantum mechanics was the more radical departure from the old Newtonian physics .
Unlike general relativity , which dealt with well - defined objects existing in a smooth ( albeit curved ) space - time geometry , quantum mechanics described a random , choppy microworld where change happens in leaps , where particles act like waves ( and vice versa ) , and where uncertainty reigns .
In the decades after this dual revolution , most of the action was on the quantum side .
In addition to gravity , there are three basic forces that govern nature : electromagnetism , the “ strong ” force ( which holds the nucleus of an atom together ) , and the “ weak ” force ( which causes radioactive decay ) .
Eventually , physicists managed to incorporate all three into the framework of quantum mechanics , creating the “ standard model ” of particle physics .
The standard model is something of a stick - and - bubble - gum contraption : it clumsily joins very dissimilar kinds of interactions , and its equations contain about twenty arbitrary - seeming numbers — corresponding to the masses of the various particles , the ratios of the force strengths , and so on — that had to be experimentally measured and put in “ by hand . ”
Still , the standard model has proved to be splendidly useful , predicting the result of every subsequent experiment in particle physics with exquisite accuracy , often down to the eleventh decimal place .
As Feynman once observed , that ’s like calculating the distance from Los Angeles to New York to within a hairbreadth .
JACKSON , Missouri ( CNN ) -- Debbie
Shank breaks down in tears every time she 's told that her 18 - year - old son , Jeremy , was killed in Iraq .
Debbie Shank , 52 , has severe brain damage after a traffic accident in May 2000 .
The 52 - year - old mother of three attended her son 's funeral , but she continues to ask how he 's doing .
When her family reminds her that he 's dead , she weeps as if hearing the news for the first time .
Shank suffered severe brain damage after a traffic accident nearly eight years ago that robbed her of much of her short - term memory and left her in a wheelchair and living in a nursing home .
It was the beginning of a series of battles -- both personal and legal -- that loomed for Shank and her family .
One of their biggest was with Wal - Mart 's health plan .
Eight years ago , Shank was stocking shelves for the retail giant and signed up for Wal - Mart 's health and benefits plan .
Two years after the accident , Shank and her husband , Jim , were awarded about $ 1 million in a lawsuit against the trucking company involved in the crash .
After legal fees were paid , $ 417,000 was placed in a trust to pay for Debbie Shank 's long - term care .
Wal - Mart had paid out about $ 470,000 for Shank 's medical expenses and later sued for the same amount .
However , the court ruled it can only recoup what is left in the family 's trust .
The Shanks did n't notice in the fine print of Wal - Mart 's health plan policy that the company has the right to recoup medical expenses if an employee collects damages in a lawsuit .
The family 's attorney , Maurice Graham , said he informed Wal - Mart about the settlement and believed the Shanks would be allowed to keep the money .
Watch this couple 's story »
" We assumed after three years , they [ Wal - Mart ] had made a decision to let Debbie Shank use this money for what it was intended to , " Graham said .
The Shanks lost their suit to Wal - Mart .
Last summer , the couple appealed the ruling -- but also lost it .
One week later , their son was killed in Iraq .
" They are quite within their rights .
But I just wonder if they need it that bad , " Jim Shank said .
In 2007 , the retail giant reported net sales in the third quarter of $ 90 billion .
Legal or not , CNN asked Wal - Mart why the company pursued the money .
Wal - Mart spokesman John Simley , who called Debbie Shank 's case " unbelievably sad , " replied in a statement : " Wal - Mart 's plan is bound by very specific rules .
...
We wish it could be more flexible in Mrs.
Shank 's case since her circumstances are clearly extraordinary , but this is done out of fairness to all associates who contribute to , and benefit from , the plan . "
Jim Shank said he believes Wal - Mart should make an exception .
" My idea of a win - win is -- you keep the paperwork that says you won and let us keep the money so I can take care of my wife , " he said .
The family 's situation is so dire that last year Jim Shank divorced Debbie , so she could receive more money from Medicaid .
Jim Shank , 54 , is recovering from prostate cancer , works two jobs and struggles to pay the bills .
He 's afraid he wo n't be able to send their youngest son to college and pay for his and Debbie 's care .
" Who needs the money more ?
A disabled lady in a wheelchair with no future , whatsoever , or does Wal - Mart need $ 90 billion , plus $ 200,000 ? " he asked .
The family 's attorney agrees .
" The recovery that Debbie Shank made was recovery for future lost earnings , for her pain and suffering , " Graham said .
" She 'll never be able to work again .
Never have a relationship with her husband or children again .
The damage she recovered was for much more than just medical expenses . "
Graham said he believes Wal - Mart should be entitled to only about $ 100,000 .
Right now , about $ 277,000 remains in the trust -- far short of the $ 470,000 Wal - Mart wants back .
Refusing to give up the fight , the Shanks appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court .
But just last week , the high court said it would not hear the case .
Graham said the Shanks have exhausted all their resources and there 's nothing more they can do but go on with their lives .
Jim Shank said he 's disappointed with the Supreme Court 's decision not to hear the case -- not for the sake of his family -- but for those who might face similar circumstances .
For now , he said the family will figure out a way to get by and " do the best we can for Debbie . "
" Luckily , she 's oblivious to everything , " he said .
" We do n't tell her
what 's going on because it will just upset her . "
E-mail to a friend
All About Health Care Costs • Health Care Issues
