What is it ?
Free fast cvs client for
Free fast cvs client for Windows Linux and MacOSX
Why use it ?
It has many small features that makes working with cvs less painful .
The UI is very thought through and everything is only a click away .
The cvs commandline is also there , all the time .
Instead of focusing on making UI to cover all existing cvs functions , i have focused on making the common stuff fast and easy available .
Some of the features are :
UI fully usable when cvs is working .
New invoked cvs commands are put on queue .
Flat - mode with easy filtering ( and always showing changed files on top ) .
One working path ( no confusion .
All stuff from UI or commandline are done from the current path )
Plain - update ( dialog update on separate button ) .
Internal diffwindow ( External can also be used )
I use cvs a lot , and need a cvs-client that does the simple things i usually do very simple and fast , but still allows for more complex stuff without bloating the UI with endless modal dialogs .
I also need a UI for cvs on other platforms than windows .
That 's why i created MarmaladeCvs .
It has many small features that makes working with cvs less painful .
The UI is very thought through and everything is only a click away .
The cvs commandline is also there , all the time .
Instead of focusing on making UI to cover all existing cvs functions , i have focused on making the common stuff fast and easy available .
Some of the features are : I use cvs a lot , and need a cvs-client that does the simple things i usually do very simple and fast , but still allows for more complex stuff without bloating the UI with endless modal dialogs .
I also need a UI for cvs on other platforms than windows .
That 's why i created MarmaladeCvs .
Price and License Free. Freeware .
Free. Freeware .
Documentation
The screenshots below have some hints .
There is tooltips .
Also , Read the readme - file for keyboard - shortcuts etc .
The screenshots below have some hints .
There is tooltips .
Also , for keyboard - shortcuts etc .
Screenshots & UI tips !
Look at screenshots for some hints on how the UI works .
Future developement I do n't know how much more i will work on MarmaladeCvs .
It fulfills my own requirements , and i can live with the bugs i know about .
I guess it depends on the response i get from it being released , and the available time of course .
I have more interesting and challenging projects to work on , but i'll try to get my thumb out , and finish the linux and macos versions soon ( which should not be much more than packaging & uploading now i hope ) .
I have a long list of ideas of features and featurerequests .
I sometimes pick one and implements it and makes one or another bugfix .
So be sure to check here for updates .
You can also subscribe to the I do n't know how much more i will work on MarmaladeCvs .
It fulfills my own requirements , and i can live with the bugs i know about .
I guess it depends on the response i get from it being released , and the available time of course .
I have more interesting and challenging projects to work on , but i'll try to get my thumb out , and finish the linux and macos versions soon ( which should not be much more than packaging & uploading now i hope ) .
I have a long list of ideas of features and featurerequests .
I sometimes pick one and implements it and makes one or another bugfix .
So be sure to check here for updates .
You can also subscribe to the RSS feed to get info about new releases !
Author info
Emil ( Thanks to timjoh and mrgnu for additional porting and bugfixing ! )
Interior Secretary Ken Salazar and Senator Harry Reid announce plans to fast - track commercial - scale solar power development on public lands .
[ social_buttons ]
In a plan announced on Tuesday , federal agencies will work with western leaders to designate tracts of U.S. public lands in the West as prime zones for utility - scale solar energy development ; fund environmental studies ; open new solar energy permitting offices , and ; speed reviews of industry proposals .
Under the zoning portion of the initiative , 24 tracts of Bureau of Land Management land located in six western states , known as Solar Energy Study Areas , would be evaluated for their environmental and resource suitability for commercial - scale solar energy production .
Those areas selected would be available for projects capable of producing 10 or more megawatts of electricity .
The Solar Energy Study Areas ( maps ) located in Nevada , Arizona , California , Colorado , New Mexico and Utah encompass about 670,000 acres .
Speaking alongside Senator Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) , Secretary Salazar vowed to have 13 “ commercial - scale ” solar projects under construction by the end of 2010 .
He set a goal of producing a total of 100,000 megawatts of solar electricity .
Essentially , the plan would streamline the entire development process ; coordinate zoning and environmental studies , and ; prioritize the processing of the projects .
The new plan will tap resources made available in the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act signed into law by President Obama .
“ This environmentally - sensitive plan will identify appropriate Interior - managed lands that have excellent solar energy potential and limited conflicts with wildlife , other natural resources or land users , ” said Secretary Salazar .
“ The two dozen areas we are evaluating could generate nearly 100,000 megawatts of solar electricity . ”
Solar industry representatives applaud initiatives , some opposition still likely
“ It ’s about time to make the permitting process more efficient and provide greater guidance to solar developers , ” Rhone Resch , president of the Solar Energy Industries Association trade group , said in a statement .
But the plan will likely face opposition from some environmental groups and political leaders .
In particular , Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( D - Calif. ) introduced legislation opposing solar development on BLM land in the Mojave Desert back in March , calling the proposals “ unacceptable . ”
The federal Bureau of Land Management has received applications for 158 solar projects on 1.8 million acres capable of generating 97,000 megawatts , enough to power an estimated 29 million homes .
FollowTim Hurst on twitter
Image via afloresm under a Creative Commons license
Note that I am no longer at CISTI and that I am now continuing this work at Carleton University - GN 2010 04 07
Semantic Journal Space of 2231 Journals
Scaled to Two Dimensions
needs Java on the browser
Using a custom LuSql filter , for each of 2231 journals , concatenate the full - text of all a journal 's articles into a single document .
Using LuSql , create a Lucene index of all the journal documents ( took ~ 14hrs , highly multithreaded on multicore , resulting in 43GB index )
Using Semantic Vectors BuildIndex , create a docvector index of all journal documents , with 512 dimensions ( 58 minutes , 3.4GB index )
Using Semantic Vectors Search , find the cosine distance between all journal documents ( 8 minutes ) Build journal - journal distance matrix
Use R's multidimensional scaling ( MDS ) to scale distance matrix to 2 - D
Build visualization using Processing
NB :
Built with Open Source Software .
Project Torngat is a research project here at NRC ] that looks to use the full - text of journal articles to construct semantic journal maps for use in -- among other things -- projecting article search results onto the map to visualize the results and support interactive exploration and discovery of related articles , term and journals .
Starting with 5.7 million full - text articles from 2200 + journals ( mostly science , technology and medical ( STM ) ) , and using LuSql R , and processing , a two dimensional mapping of a 512 dimension semantic space was created which revealed an excellent correspondence with the 23 human - created journal categories :
This initial work was initiated to find a technique that would scale , and follow - up work is looking at integrating this with a search interface , and evaluating if better structure is revealed within semantic journal mappings of single categories .
This may be the first time such large scale full - text is used in this fashion , without the help of article metadata .
Try - out the prototype , which displays journals in the 2 - D space .
How it was done : all the above software are Open Source .
You can read more about it in the preprint :
Thanks to my collaborators , Alison Callahan and Michel Dumontier , Carleton University .
By Clark Boyd
The World , WGBH Boston
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Experts predict that an ageing world population and continuing global military conflicts will be the two main drivers of robot design and function in the coming years .
Speaking at the Robo Business 2009 Conference and Expo in Boston , Tandy Trower , the general manager of Microsoft Robotics , noted that in the next 40 years , the number of pensioners - those aged 65 and over - is set to increase by two billion worldwide .
With that ageing will come the need to help families and other caregivers cope with decreased mobility and chronic diseases such as Parkinson 's and Alzheimer's .
Mr Trower said that robots could have a " profound impact " when it comes to helping seniors communicate with family members and each other , or reminding someone to take their medications .
" Even just having robots do lightweight transport of objects from one room to another , whether it 's grandma 's knitting or a cup of coffee , could be tremendously valuable . "
This is not as far away as you might think , judging by some of the robots wandering around the Expo .
Robosoft , a French company , was showing off robuLAB10 , a proof - of - concept robot that has been specifically designed to follow and assist an elderly person in their own home .
It comes equipped with a touch - screen computer , a voice interface , and special robot navigation software developed by Silicon Valley 's SRI International .
" The market for home - centric robots that provide assistance to the elderly is one of our priorities , " says the head of Robosoft , Vincent Dupourque .
The company said it hopes to have large - scale deployment of such eldercare robots in the next three years .
This could be future of elderly care Mr Trower noted that the Japanese might beat them to it .
Toyota , he pointed out , is developing an entire line of " assistive robots " and has plans to put them in car showrooms by 2010 .
By then , predicts the Japanese Robotics Association , the global market for service and personal robots will reach $ 17bn ( £ 11.4bn ) .
Robowar
However , the growing market for military robots dwarfs that figure and it showed on the Expo floor in Boston , where just about every company with a booth was touting what its robot could do on the battlefield .
Robots are , of course , already making an impact in warfare .
In Iraq , the US military is using robots to help defuse improvised explosive devices .
In Afghanistan , tele - operated robots , not soldiers , are being sent into caves to scout for enemies .
" But what will the robot - inhabited battlefield of the future look like ? " asked retired Vice Admiral Joseph Dyer in a keynote address .
Vice Admiral
Dyer thinks about this question quite a bit as he now serves as president of the government and Industrial Robots Division at iRobot , one of the leading suppliers of robots to the US military .
" Very integrated and very unmanned , " was his answer .
" You 're going to see ships that arrive on foreign shores , that put in unmanned underwater systems to do anti-submarine warfare and clear mines .
" And then those systems will carry ground robots ashore , and will launch unmanned aerial vehicles .
It 's going to dramatically reduce what would have been required of special operations folks . "
This operator controlled robot was refitted to carry a weapon
And yes , Vice Admiral Dyer predicted , armed robots will be part of that picture , although they should not be autonomous .
He argued that a soldier should always remain in control .
In fact , remote - controlled armed robots are already in the pipeline .
Qinetiq , which supplies a line of robots to the US military and law enforcement agencies , refit its TALON model with a weapon .
" Certainly the soldiers in the field that recognise its value , " said Ed Godere , head of the Technology Solutions Group at Qinetiq .
" But we always want a soldier in the loop , making those life - and - death decisions that a robot could never make . "
Sentient Robot autonomy , and its accompanying ethical dilemmas , is only one of the big issues facing robotics companies .
The other is a much more practical concern - power .
Walk the Expo floor in Boston , and you were sure to see people constantly plugging in their ' bots , or regularly swapping out batteries .
These power concerns are changing the way people design their machines .
" Power consumption is one of our most difficult design considerations , " said Brain Zenowich , who works for Barrett Technology .
" We designed our robot from the ground up , so that it would draw as little power as possible , knowing that the battery technology is going to take many , many years to catch up . "
Mr Zenowich was demonstrating the company 's robotic arm and hand system , which allows a user to remotely manipulate objects and carry out tasks .
The new twist is that the user does not just see what he or she is doing , but also feels what the arm and hand are feeling .
" If it encounters an object along the way , you can know that , you can feel that , " Mr Zenowich said .
" It gives you that much more freedom and flexibility to accomplish a task , when you have visceral , force - feedback from the robot . "
Segway was on hand to show its latest robot models
One of the main selling points , he noted , is that the arm is able to run for almost a full day on just one lithium - ion battery .
Like just about every company at the Expo , Mr Barrett sees multiple markets for its ' bot .
It is currently in service at hospitals in the US , helping doctors perform knee surgeries .
But the company says a " ruggedised " version might be able to help soldiers remotely defuse roadside bombs .
And the market of the future for a robotic arm system with torque sensors and force control ?
" We went to an expo in Italy , and we had one guy come up to us and say ' this would be perfect for making my shoes , ' " Mr Zenowich said .
" That 's something we would never think of . "
Clark Boyd is technology correspondent for The World , a BBC World Service and WGBH - Boston co-production
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Dean Kamen is known widely as the inventor of the Segway personal transporter .
However , over the past months he has been working on designing a new kind of Hybrid Scooter : A scooter that will make use of a Stirling Engine and be able to run on pretty much anything that will burn .
The Stirling Engine design has been around since the early 1800s .
However , few have been able to find a well suited application for the relatively low amount of power they produce .
The engine works by using a difference in heat to move a piston inside a sealed chamber .
As gas is heated , it will expand and force the piston down .
As the gas cools , it will contract and draw the piston back up .
While several variants have been created , the one Mr. Kamen plans on using is a simple two - piston design .
The cycle begins with a small amount of heat being applied to the power cylinder .
As the gas forces the piston down it turns the crankshaft and produces what would be a power stroke .
Once at the bottom of its stroke , the power cylinder begins to rise again , relying on the momentum of the flywheel to maintain rotation .
As it rises , it is forcing the gas through a transfer port into the displacer piston chamber .
Once inside , the gas is cooled and begins to draw the displacer piston back to the top of its stroke .
While this is happening , excess gas is being forced back into the power cylinder through the transfer port .
Once the power cylinder has reached the top of its stroke , heat is applied and the cycle repeats .
The main reason for using a Stirling Engine is the simple fact that it is extremely efficient .
Depending on the size of the pistons , a relatively small amount of heat can be applied to begin the cycle and often times can be reduced slightly to maintain a certain speed .
This is also one of the inherent problems with using a Stirling Engine .
They literally have to " warm up " before any usable amount of power can be produced .
Along with needing time to warm up , these engines have a low specific power .
In other words , they need to be fairly large to produce a small amount of power .
This is primarily due to the speed limitations of gas to transfer heat .
When compared to an internal combustion engine that uses detonation to create a difference in heat , Stirling engines are much slower .
This also leads to almost nonexistent throttle response if used in an automotive application .
Mr. Kamen was able to solve some of these issues with the simple addition of a battery and an electric motor .
The scooter itself uses energy stored in a battery to power an electric motor that is mounted just in front of the rear wheel .
The Stirling Engine will be used to turn a high output generator which will produce power for the electric motor .
When just cruising around , the engine should be able to crank out enough electrons to keep you moving and keep the batteries fully charged .
A small burner will provide the necessary heat to being the process of turning the Stirling engine , while a front mounted radiator will keep cool air moving for the displacer piston .
The burner is being designed to operate on anything that will ignite , which make running out of fuel much more difficult and since the 2 engines are independent of each other , the Stirling engine can be charging the batteries while parked .
The prototype scooter has not yet been demonstrated in public , but it is rumored that Mr. Kamen has been using it to get from place to place on his estate .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The government says it intends to take the East Coast rail service , run by National Express , into state ownership .
The troubled rail franchise , which is expected to have lost £ 20 m in the first half of the year , is suffering from falling passenger numbers .
Ministers have refused National Express 's requests for its contract with the government to be renegotiated .
The Department for Transport said that all East Coast services would continue and that tickets would be honoured .
BBC business editor Robert Peston said that National Express had tried to buy itself out of the franchise with an offer of " well over £ 100 m " .
However , Transport Secretary Lord Adonis decided to reject the approach " on principle " .
The East Coast rail service has suffered falling passenger numbers " They might well have wanted to pay a certain sum of money , in return for an agreement that they do n't have to meet much larger obligations over a long period of time , " Lord Adonis said .
" If I had agreed to that , the rail franchising system as it now exists , and is broadly running successfully , would have collapsed . "
New buyer
The franchise is operated by a subsidiary of National Express , NXEC , which is a stand - alone company .
National Express dismissed suggestions that NXEC had already defaulted on payments or that the parent company was suffering any financial difficulties .
The terms of its franchise mean National Express would not lose more than £ 72 m if it walked away .
Alienating Lord Adonis and the government turns out to be less of a concern for National Express than the burden of the east coast payments
Robert Peston , BBC business editor Read Robert 's blog Q&A : National Express and East Coast line
The government said it would take over the franchise when this missed payment occurred - though this may not be for some months .
The franchise would then be put out for tender to a new buyer from late next year .
Existing operational staff would transfer to a new state company which has been set up to operate the route .
Separately , Virgin Trains told the BBC's You and Yours programme that it would bid for the East Coast service .
Virgin said it wanted to operate the service " in principle " , depending on the details of the new contract .
' No bail - out ' National Express won the franchise in 2007 , after it was surrendered by GNER .
It agreed to pay the government £ 1.4bn to run the East Coast main line , which runs between Edinburgh and London , until 2015 .
At the time , many rail analysts said it had paid too much for the franchise .
In a trading statement , the company said that the " challenging economic environment " meant it was seeing fewer passengers on the East Coast main line and " significant " levels of people downgrading from first - class and full fares .
National Express indicated that it would walk away from the loss - making route , and not put further money into it , after failing to alter the terms of its franchise agreement .
The firm 's chief operating officer , Ray O'Toole , later told the BBC it was possible that it would continue to operate the route if economic conditions improved .
However , BBC transport correspondent Tom Symonds said it was generally accepted that the franchise would return to the government at some point after National Express failed to alter the terms of its agreement .
Lord Adonis told the BBC : " The government is not prepared to renegotiate rail franchises , because I 'm simply not prepared to bail out companies that are unable to meet their commitments .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" It is simply unacceptable to reap the benefits of contracts when times are good , only to walk away from them when times become more challenging . "
In a statement , the government added that it believed it also had grounds to end National Express 's two other rail franchises - East Anglia and c2 c .
But the company said it felt the government had " no grounds " to do this and would challenge any such attempt in court .
' Not right '
Shadow transport secretary Theresa Villiers said the move showed the extent of Labour 's " failure and incompetence " in running the rail franchising system .
" This Labour government has used the franchising process to push the train operators to make wildly optimistic bids , which has meant squeezing passengers for higher and higher fares .
Now the chickens are coming home to roost , " she said .
Liberal Democrat transport spokesman Norman Baker said that National Express should not be allowed to run any other train services .
HAVE YOUR SAY
The entire network should be state run including the infrastructure James , Southminster " It does n't seem to me right that the taxpayer should pick up the loss from one and leave the profits from the other two with National Express , " he told the BBC .
He added that leaving the East Coast line in public hands would provide a comparator which would be " useful in driving up standards across the whole industry " .
The transport union , the RMT , welcomed the development and called for the franchise to remain in government hands permanently .
" It should be a long - term solution to the chaos that privatisation has brought to the UK's most lucrative rail franchise , " said RMT general secretary Bob Crow .
Debt pile National Express also announced that its chief executive , Richard Bowker , the former Strategic Rail Authority ( SRA ) chief , would be leaving the firm to become boss of Union Railway in the United Arab Emirates .
It denied that his departure was owing to financial problems at National Express .
The company is trying to reduce a debt pile that stood at nearly £ 1.2bn at the end of 2008 .
Cuts have been made in dividend payouts to shareholders , while 750 jobs have also been lost .
Last month , National Express started charging passengers for reserving a seat on the East Coast and East Anglia franchises , while it has also removed its online ticket sale discounts .
Earlier this week , rival transport company FirstGroup said a takeover approach it had made for National Express had been rejected .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Palm passive - aggressively fired back at Apple in its 1.1.0 update to the Pre 's webOS Thursday night .
Among the handful of changes that came with the point update , the software restores syncing functionality with iTunes after Apple unceremoniously " fixed " the " problem " last week .
The move is the latest in this high - profile cat - and - mouse game between Apple and Palm , and Palm seems to be willing to keep poking the fate bear — but to what end ?
webOS 1.1.0 is n't all about iTunes compatibility .
Among other things , it contains a number of useful updates to the Pre , including better timezone support in the Clock application , improved syncing with Google when you edit a Google contact , and the addition of emoticons in text , multimedia , and instant messages .
The software also gained some enterprise features in the form of Exchange ActiveSync ( EAS ) support that allows for remote wipe , PIN / passwords , inactivity timeouts , and improved certificate handling .
These are all very welcome updates ( and our Pre-using staff members greatly appreciate them ) , but the one that has caught the attention of everyone following the Apple - Palm soap opera is a line in the release notes that reads , " [ r ] esolves an issue preventing media sync from working with latest version of iTunes ( 8.2.1 ) . "
This back and forth started this spring when it emerged that the Pre could mysteriously sync with Apple 's media software , despite the fact that it is clearly not an iPod .
( While iTunes once offered third - party device support many moons ago , such support has not existed for many years , and has never existed in the Windows version of iTunes . )
" DVD " Jon Lech Johansen later confirmed that the Pre was utilizing a hack to masquerade as an iPod in order to enable automatic syncing of music , photos , and videos .
And , like all hacks having anything to do with Apple , the solution was unsupported and eventually disabled in the latest software update to iTunes .
Apple 's update was essentially shot across the bow to Palm , but Palm does n't seem to be listening to the message .
Nicely summarized by Gizmodo chief Brian Lam on Twitter , " Palm fixing iTunes sync is kind of like trying to make out with someone who does n't want to make out with you .
Again . "
Surely the company 's developers must know that Apple will not only be irked by this development , but that its own developers are undoubtedly already working on another fix to invalidate the new workaround .
And , if that 's the case , how long will this game continue ?
Frankly , we 're dying to see whether Apple and Palm will continue to release update after update in order to outrun each other but , realistically , it can't be a good use of either company 's resources .
On top of it all , it 's not exactly a secret that Windows users ( and even some Mac users ) are n't fond of iTunes in the first place — would n't it be better if Palm dedicated some of its resources to writing a good media application of its own ?
Unboxed and loading .
Photo : Tracy Apps
We asked you for your thoughts on the new operating system from Apple , Snow Leopard .
Expectations were that the latest OS would be snappier and iron out a few glitches in the previous release .
Some even thought that Snow Leopard might be good enough to lure PC users over to Mac .
Here 's a selection of early reviews from people who managed to get a copy on release day .
MICHAEL LITMAN , LONDON , UK Michael Litman says the new OS is evolutionary but not revolutionary
To make sure we did n't miss out , we decided to head to the Apple local store and get a copy .
We 're early adopting tech lovers who like to be at the forefront of advances .
However , this time , pre-ordering held no weight as the postal service was on strike on the day of release so we had to go to a retail store and buy it anyway .
I got it for domestic use first and foremost but increasingly now for business use .
Apple have been extremely savvy in including exchange support for Macs and I look forward to a seamless experience with my work email , calendar and address book which was not previously possible before Snow Leopard .
Initial reactions are that it 's evolutionary but not revolutionary .
Installation saves at least 10 GB of hard disk space which is absolutely invaluable .
Rebooting is much quicker .
Everything from the bottom up looks to have been given a tweak and has been sharpened up .
It took me under an hour to install .
That 's incredible .
Coupled with saving approx 10 GB of storage , it 's quite something !
Pros :
They 've taken an OS which was already a solid performer , refined it and enhanced it further .
I love the ' Quick Look ' feature .
It allows you to instantly preview the contents of documents without ever opening them .
This works well with images and movies .
For business purposes , the Exchange support is absolutely worth more than the minimal cost of upgrade to Snow Leopard by a significant margin .
That 's likely to drive an entirely new set of customers to the platform .
As for existing Mac users , they now have one less reason to do business with Microsoft , as Apple removes one more barrier for platform adoption .
Cons :
None to write home about initially although you will need an Intel processor to run it , old Power PCs are incompatible .
I would like to have seen wireless syncing , and back up with the iPhone .
Although that may still come further down the line .
There 's not a lot to play around with in terms of new features .
It is an upgrade and not an entirely new operating system .
Having said that , the majority will be happy that something which worked so well already , now works even better .
Some cynics have said that you 're paying for what is nothing more than a service pack .
While they may be right to a degree , I 'm more than happy to have paid the lowly price of £ 25 for the performance upgrades .
BRIAN HUNT , LINCOLN , UK I got my copy of Snow Leopard this morning and it installed within 30 - 40 minutes .
So far I have had no problems , and things seem to be running quicker than they did before .
I have noticed that over the last few upgrades , Mac OSX has got more and more bloated making it less and less responsive .
I welcome this move from Apple to attempt to remove the bloat and get things running faster .
I reserve my full judgement for a few weeks after using the new OS on the more meaty apps such as Premiere Pro and Logic Pro ; which really did slow things down previously .
We may even have to wait even longer for applications to be developed specifically for the 64bit capabilities of this new incarnation .
Adobe recently seem to drop development of their 64bit version of Photoshop for OSX , perhaps the release of Snow Leopard may help them to reverse this decision .
So far so good though .
I would say it was much more painless than doing a Windows update , but I was pleasantly surprised when I upgraded my Vista machines to Windows 7 last week , again no problems so far with those machines .
TRACY APPS , MILWAUKEE , WISCONSIN , USA Tracy Apps , installing Snow Leopard onto her computers
The installation was a snap .
The setup was slightly different than previous versions , because it did n't require you to boot from the cd/ dvd in order to upgrade or install .
This was really nice , because it simplified the process a bit .
I 've definitely noticed a ' speed bump ' in this .
Everything seems to move quicker , files transfer faster , programs load a bit quicker .
I can imagine that this is due to both the 64 bit processor support in snow leopard , as well as the " slimmer " code .
There are a few cool little cosmetic changes that I really like ; for example , the right - click ( or control - click ) on the programs on the dock now brings up a nicer looking " popup " menu , as well as some handy new options .
Also , you can now start a search of your hard drive by right clicking ( or control - click ) on the finder icon in the dock .
Snow Leopard , can the keyboard cat lure PC users ?
The new Quicktime is absolutely beautiful .
A great improvement from the last interface .
It really allows the program get out of the way of the movie .
Another little enhancement that is awesome is the ability to change the size of the icons from a little slider control at the bottom of the finder window .
That 's much nicer than before .
I have n't run into many programs that are n't working with the new OS .
As for my expectations , this just about meets and slightly exceeds them .
I really was n't expecting a lot of fancy bells and whistles .
Being a " tech - y " person , I understand how much work goes into changing the " under the hood " part of anything .
I can imagine that some users will feel let down because most of the changes are n't visible ( although I 'm sure everyone will see their computer run a bit snappier ) or flashy , like when widgets first came out .
I 'm also sure there will be people who will be upset that Snow Leopard will only run on Macs with Intel processors .
So , is this worth my $ 29.00 ( USD ) ?
The answer is an ALL CAPS , YES :)
CHRIS WEBB , SURREY , UK It 's a good solid upgrade and took about 50 mins to install it .
Once its done , it does n't need about five reboots to work .
It works straight away with no hassle .
I got about 8 GB of drive space back which was handy , considering Windows eats more space each time , this is a welcome change .
The finder is lightning quick , all of my applications work fine .
Safari is faster , same as Mail .
£ 25 is a bargain for such a well polished piece of software , if you own an Intel Mac this is a good value buy .
While barely any new features , this is still a rich experience .
It 's stable , fast and transformed a year old Macbook Pro into a very lightning fast machine .
I am still getting used to it but first impressions are excellent .
PAUL BORGE , LONDON , UK Paul Borge went to his local Apple store to grab a copy I stupidly pre-ordered Snow Leopard , assuming Royal Mail would deliver it on time .
When they did n't I went to the shop instead .
I 'm a bit of an Apple fan - boy , so guaranteeing a copy was paramount .
I bought this for myself and my family .
Domestic for me , and business for my parents .
For a small business it 's good to have something rock solid and low maintenance when it comes to IT .
So far Macs have proven their worth in this respect .
I 'm spending the weekend with the family , so I 've got about five machines to upgrade beyond my own !
To be honest , there 's not a huge difference .
Everything is a little quicker , it 's saved me over 6 Gb in hard disk space and there are a few changes to menus , Stacks , Expose etc .
From a GUI point of view it 's pretty much identical to Leopard .
The new version of Quicktime is a lot slicker , so I wo n't be defaulting to a third party application for video playback anymore .
It 's the easiest and fastest update yet and comes in the smallest OS box I 've ever seen .
It 's identical to Leopard , so no big surprises for the less technically - minded .
Some programmes open faster , but Office 2008 is as clunky as it's always been .
The pro is that it 's a good system tweak for a massive discount over previous OSX updates .
The con is that it 's pretty much a service pack - something Microsoft would offer for free .
That said , OSX is years ahead of Windows , so it 's worth the payout .
I can't see a need to upgrade this anytime soon , but Apple will no doubt have something even better already in development .
JOHN THURM , BURY , UK John
Thurm had his copy of Snow Leopard delivered to his home I was n't going to upgrade to Snow Leopard straight away as I usually wait for any problems to be ironed out first .
I had , however , read on Twitter about how successful the beta versions had been and went ahead and pre-ordered it .
It did n't - thanks Royal Mail .
I left the porch unlocked Saturday morning just in case and when I returned from a trip to the theatre there was a Snow Leopard waiting for me !
Thanks Royal Mail .
I use the Mac at home , mainly for photography and my wife uses it for her college work .
This is the first time I have upgraded the OS on a Mac and I was delighted how easy and quick it was .
Just a case of sticking the DVD in the slot and clicking a few buttons .
About 50 minutes later , Snow Leopard was alive !
The new OS is very similar to Leopard but it is so much faster .
Safari opens instantly .
The screen colours seem much better as well with really good blacks and it has freed up quite a bit of disk space .
I was a little concerned about whether Adobe CS3 would still work but all seems fine .
I have n't found anything that has n't worked so far .
I can't actually think of anything more that I would want from an OS .
My priorities are speed and ease of use .
Snow Leopard certainly has both .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
How do you handle a show ’s host that repeatedly asks the same question , wo n’t let you answer , speaks over you , yells at you , calls you names , and then complains that you wo n’t answer questions ?
You do what Salon.com ’s Joan Walsh does to Bill O’Reilly .
You remain calm , provide answers in complete sentences and make O’Reilly look like the unhinged , abusive , blowhard that he is .
Enjoy !
Share this article
MELBOURNE , June 20 ( UPI ) --
Australia is the fattest nation in the world , with more than 9 million adults classified as obese or overweight , a new study indicates .
The study reported Australians outweigh U.S. residents and 123,000 Aussies could experience premature deaths during the next 20 years , The Age reported .
Advertisement
Four million Australians -- 26 percent of the adult population -- are considered obese , compared to 25 percent of Americans , the report by Melbourne 's Baker IDI Heart and Diabetes Institute said .
An additional 5 million Australians are considered overweight .
If the crisis is n't averted , obesity experts said health costs could exceed $ 6 billion and hospitals would have to admit an additional 700,000 people heart attacks , strokes and blood clots caused by excess pounds .
Adults most at risk of premature death are in the 45 - to - 64 age group , with 70 percent of men and 60 percent of women classified as obese , the report said .
The data were based on more than 14,000 people at rural and metropolitan sites in all Australian states and territories , The Age said .
Participants had their body mass index recorded by having their weight , height and waist measured as part of a national blood pressure screening day in 2007 .
[ UPDATED 9:57 p.m. July 4 ]
Metro Police Saturday night confirmed that former Tennessee Titans quarterback Steve McNair , 36 , and a 20 - year - old woman , were found dead in the living room of a downtown Nashville condominium co-rented by McNair .
Medical Examiner staff concluded that McNair was the victim of multiple bullet wounds , police spokesman Don Aaron said late Saturday night , at least one to the head , and the woman , Sahel Kazemi , died of a single gunshot wound to the head .
A pistol was found near her body .
The pair was found early Saturday afternoon in the condominium at 2nd and Lea Avenues in Rutledge Hill by the other co-renter , Wayne Neely .
Police reported receiving the first call at 1:35 p.m .
Metro Police Homicide detectives are investigating the shooting death and the circumstances surrounding it .
Aaron gave few additional details , mentioning only that witnesses saw McNair and Kazemi arrive at the condo early Saturday morning and that the pair was involved in a DUI after a traffic stop early Thursday .
While details are sketchy at this time , NashvillePost.com sources say that the scene could be double homicide , a murder / suicide , or made to look like a murder / suicide .
NashvillePost.com has reported that McNair was approached and threatened at a Nashville restaurant Friday evening , though Aaron would not comment on that or any other theory .
An autopsy is planned for Sunday morning , police said .
Police reported that Kazemi was pulled over about 1:20 a.m. Thursday on 9th Ave. S. near Broadway , driving an SUV registered to both her and McNair , who was traveling with her in the passenger seat at the time .
The SUV was at the condo when police arrived at the crime scene , Aaron said .
A police report on the DUI bust said the Cadillac Escalade driven by Kazemi was clocked at 54 miles per hour in the 30 - m.p.h. zone along Broadway just past 12th Ave .
S. " She refused a breath test , " the arresting officer reported .
" She said she was not drunk , she was high . "
McNair , immensely popular in Nashville , played 13 seasons with the Titans / Houston Oilers and was a three - time Pro Bowler .
He was the NFL's co-MVP ( along with Peyton Manning ) in 2003 , before spending two seasons with the Baltimore Ravens , before retiring in 2008 .
" He was one of the finest players to play for our organization and one of the most beloved players by our fans , " Titans owner Bud Adams said Saturday in a statement .
" He played with unquestioned heart and leadership and led us to places that we had never reached , including our only Super Bowl . "
The team 's former general manager was also " deeply saddened to learn of [ Saturday 's ] tragic news .
" He was a player who I admired a great deal , " said New England Patriots senior football adviser Floyd Reese , who was GM of the Titans when McNair played there .
" He was a tremendous leader and an absolute warrior .
I do n't think there was a player who played with him or against him that did n't look up to him and respect him .
" My heartfelt condolences go out to his family , his friends and the many teammates who loved and admired him , " Reese said .
McNair is survived by four sons , Junior , Steven , Tyler , and Trenton .
" We do n't know the details , but it is a terrible tragedy and our hearts go out to the families involved , " added NFL commissioner Roger Goodell in a statement .
Titans coach Jeff Fisher is in Iraq , taking part in the first NFL - USO coaches tour .
Food and nutrition play a crucial role in health promotion and chronic disease prevention .
Every 5 years , HHS and USDA publish the Dietary Guidelines for Americans , the Nation ’s go - to source for nutrition advice .
The latest edition of the Dietary Guidelines reflects the current body of nutrition science , helps health professionals and policymakers guide Americans to make healthy food and beverage choices , and serves as the science - based foundation for vital nutrition policies and programs across the United States .
When Hern�n Cort�s landed in Mexico in 1519 , he was no less ambitious than Microsoft , but differences between the man and the monopolist were immediately apparent .
Cort�s , for instance , burned his ships so that no retreat was possible , then marched through the interior of the country on an imperialistic orgy , massacred people in the marketplaces , overthrew an empire , and set himself up as the ruler .
And Microsoft .... well , depending on who you ask , Microsoft did basically the same thing .
But in Burning the Ships , Microsoft 's Marshall Phelps and writer David Kline argue that all the imperialistic stuff — the massacres , the hangings , the occupations and conquests — was a hallmark of the Old Microsoft .
In the early 2000s , the company had an epiphany : technological progress was simply moving too fast and going on in too many places to control it all in - house .
If Microsoft hoped to compete in the New World of Mexico Collaboration , it had to get serious about partnerships , it had to patch up its relationships with governments around the world , and it needed to stress interoperability .
Phelps was brought on board to make many of the changes , and he had support from the highest levels of the company , including Bill Gates .
Thus it was that " the most powerful technology company on earth " made a " radical 180 - degree change " in its course .
Or it " burned its ships . "
Or something .
( One analogy suggests the company went back the way it came , the other that it destroyed any chance of going back the way it came .
The lesson ?
Do n't go to business books for well - thought - out analogies . )
The main point , however , is clear enough : Microsoft made a major corporate realignment , stressing collaboration , licensing , and interoperability — and it did n't do so to be a Mother Teresa " pulling lepers out of the gutter . "
It did so for " entirely business reasons . "
The NAP clause
Phelps ' continual talk about collaboration ( the first chapter is called the " The Collaboration Imperative " ) and sharing intellectual property ( IP ) with others does n't refer to some kind of hippie , " free culture , " death - to - software - patents ! approach .
Phelps was the guy , after all , who turned IBM 's huge patent portfolio into a $ 2 billion a year pure - profit enterprise before going to Microsoft .
He also calls IP " the single greatest wealth - creating asset of the modern corporation . "
Burning the Ships : Intellectual Property and the Transformation of Microsoft Wiley 186 pages $ 29.95 Shop.Ars
Phelps is open to just about everything — including collaboration with Linux vendors and reform of the US patent system — except for dealing with true radicals like Richard Stallman of the Free Software Foundation .
Phelps goes out of his way to include a lengthy account — even though he admits it may be apocryphal — of a time when Stallman convinced Red Hat to buy him a plane ticket so that he could visit an estranged girlfriend .
In return , Stallman gave a speech at Red Hat 's campus " in his long white robe and foot - long beard " wearing " a halo made out of a large old disk - drive platter . "
Stallman and his ilk are simply too radical to play the game with everyone else ; by calling for " free everything , " Stallman and company threaten the " single greatest wealth - creating asset of the modern corporation . "
Fortunately for the modern corporation , Stallman 's complaints " are now beginning to take on the futile air of old - time utopian socialist entreaties . "
Everyone else was welcome to partner with the new Microsoft , but Phelps quickly learned that many companies were wary of doing so .
A big part of the reason was the " non-assertion of patents " clause that Bill Gates had dreamed up in 1993 and inserted into just about every Windows contract .
The clause did n't sound exceptionally hostile , and in fact it had helped to keep the " patent peace " in the PC world for over a decade .
The NAP clause forced all the companies that licensed Windows to agree " not to sue Microsoft or each other for patent infringement after they had already begun shipping a new version of Microsoft 's software . "
Companies hated this .
Although it kept IP lawsuits down in the whole industry , many companies felt forced to sign the NAP clause because they needed Windows .
It also meant that many legitimate patent lawsuits , not just against Microsoft but also against competitors , could not be launched .
Watching some other company violate your key patents while being unable to act just because some company in Redmond , Washington required it was galling — especially to Japanese firms .
Despite the clause , Microsoft in 2003 was facing $ 100 million a year in legal bills and a huge increase in patent lawsuits .
Though these were n't brought by the PC makers ( thanks to the NAP clause ) , plenty of other firms had patents and wanted a piece of the Microsoft war chest .
And then the company lost a patent case to Eolas and had to pay $ 521 million in damages .
Let 's collaborate
So Phelps pushed Microsoft to eliminate NAP and instead focus on cross-licensing agreements and collaboration , even with open source vendors .
Microsoft , like many companies , had historically protected its intellectual property as something that only it could profit from ;
Phelps wanted to upend this attitude and license IP widely to others .
Divisions like Microsoft Research were simply generating more patents than Microsoft itself could ever profitably use , and the collaborative agreements that patent cross-licensing allowed brought Microsoft into a web of partnerships with others .
It was a far cry from the " go it alone , " trust - no - one - outside - the - company days of yore .
This eventually produced the controversial deal with Novell , something that even Bill Gates had serious reservations about doing .
According to Phelps , he began to receive " Sunday night e-mails from Bill " about the deal that worried about " killing the business ! "
But the deal got done .
A first meeting with Novell took place in June 2006 at the airport Hyatt in Chicago while a " convention of women bodybuilders was being held there at the same time . "
By November 1 of that same year , a collaborative deal was forged between two companies which had previously seen each other most often in court .
The move led to speculation that Microsoft and Red Hat would form some alliance as well .
Phelps says only , " I would n't be surprised if we did , " and in fact the two companies did announce a limited deal in February 2009 .
Phelps ' point throughout is that such deals were possible thanks to Microsoft 's IP , which gave it something valuable to offer in cross-licensing agreements that brought companies together as partners , not just as totally independent rivals .
That 's the way it has to be for companies today ; technology has grown so complex that a " fortress mentality culture and go - it - alone market strategy " simply wo n't work anymore .
Collaboration and partnership are the new name of the game , and IP is the glue that seals such deals .
Good fences , good neighbors
As a window into Microsoft 's corporate conversion , the book is fascinating .
Phelps and Kline offer plenty of behind - the - scenes accounts of strategy decisions and negotiations , and they 're honest about how Microsoft was perceived in the market and about how difficult it was to adopt a new approach to competition .
The writing is admirably clear , the Cortez metaphor not belabored .
But this is first of all a business book — whether that 's good or bad depends on how much you enjoy such things .
The focus is on executives who deal with IP and need to think about the consequences of patent policies and strategic dealmaking .
It takes plenty of potshots at people like Stallman , and the conclusion saves a few jabs for Google , but generally the book is descriptive and analytical when it comes to Microsoft , not apologetic or hagiographic .
Those who harbor more doubts about IP in general wo n't find much to like here .
The basic approach to IP is summed up by citing Robert Frost 's famous poem , " Mending Wall . "
" Just as good fences made good neighbors , " writes Phelps , " strong IP rights would make for strong and successful collaborations . "
But Frost 's line in the poem is clearly ambiguous ; while the saying is a bit of New England folk wisdom , it also illustrates the distance that keeps people apart from one another in negative ways .
The farmer who says those words in the poem " moves in darkness as it seems to me , / Not of woods only and the shade of trees .
/
He will not go behind his father 's saying . "
Neither will Phelps and Kline " go behind " the IP consensus , even though they lament " patent trolls " and the many firms that have besieged Microsoft with lawsuits over the years .
Those looking for a defense or an analysis of IP and its proper social role wo n't find it here .
Burning the Ships assumes the utility and worth of the current system even as it seeks ways to turn IP to more collaborative and less litigious ends .
As such , it 's a worthwhile read for those interested in such topics or those who want a peek at the inside of the kinder , gentler Microsoft of today .
During this year , the nightly polling and political wrap - up has always been rife with comments from Kossacks skeptical of any polling done by Rasmussen Reports .
Over the years , RR has been one of the most prolific pollsters in the game , and despite the fact that it is an open secret that founder Scott Rasmussen 's political proclivities are well to the right of center , their numbers on campaigns have been on the fairway more often than not .
This year , however , it is hard not to go to their webpage and sense an agenda .
Apparently , other people in the blogosphere have noticed it , too .
Greg Sargent , for example ( emphasis mine ) :
Rasmussen Reports , which often skews its presentation of polling for conservative media pickup , has a funny new poll that ’s clearly designed to suggest public opposition to Dems going it alone on health care .
... Take a look at the question wording : Suppose that Democrats agreed on a health care reform bill that is opposed by all Republicans in Congress .
Should the Democrats pass that bill or should they change the bill to win support from a reasonable number of Republicans ?
Indeed , as Sargent points out , the trick here employed by Rasmussen is to use the term " reasonable number " of Republicans .
" Reasonable " is a very powerful word here , and carries with it the unspoken implication that a bill without ANY Republican support would be , somehow , unreasonable .
Now , polling on health care has been all over the map , as Nate over at 538 pointed out earlier this week in a piece which attempted to address the common flaws which led to biased results .
What is consistent about Rasmussen 's coverage of the health care debate is their incessant desire to frame the debate in ways designed to denigrate both the Congress and President Obama .
One of the most insipid examples of this was a survey earlier in the week in which Rasmussen reported that two - thirds of voters believed that they understood the health care reform proposal as well , or better , than President Obama .
Of course , there is objective evidence to prove that this poll is false .
Indeed , in the recent poll conducted for AARP , just thirty - seven percent of Americans could correctly identify what is meant by a " public option " .
Nearly one - half of voters either thought it was a total nationalized healthcare program , or admitted that they had no idea .
Asking voters how well they understand a certain piece of legislation is not unlike asking them if they are patriotic , or if they are middle class .
The default answer is always going to be " yes " .
Surely , Rasmussen must know this this , and just as clearly , they must have understood that the poll 's results were essentially meaningless .
They ran with it , anyway , apparently more enthused at the prospect of taking another quick shot at the President 's knees than they were with actually divining public opinion on a sensitive issue like health care .
They are not limited to right - wing cheerleading on the health care issue .
Check out the wording on this question about taxes and government services , offered up this week on the front page of their website :
Do you agree or disagree with the following statement ... it ’s always better to cut taxes than to increase government spending because taxpayers , not bureaucrats , are the best judges of how to spend their money ?
Why stop there , Rasmussen ?
Why not add a parenthetical phrase about how tax cuts regrow hair , whiten teeth , and ensure that your favorite team will win the Super Bowl this year ?
Once you 've already loaded a question with biased wording ( this question , when stripped down , is basically asking people whether they like themselves more , or bureaucrats ) , you might as well go big or go home .
Amazingly , with their word construction , people favored tax cuts 62 - 20 .
Legitimate pollsters , however , word the question very differently .
Earlier in the year , both Pew and CBS asked the question simply , and without bias .
The wording between the two varied slightly , but the basic construction was : " What do you think would benefit the economy more at this time : cutting taxes on individuals and businesses , or increasing spending on items like infrastructure and other programs ? "
Not surprisingly , without the loaded wording , the question was considerably closer .
The danger for Rasmussen , of course , is that they risk damaging their legitimacy with everyone outside of the Fox News crowd .
There are partisans in the polling game , to be sure .
But their data is not reduced to the mere act of cheerleading .
For example , everyone knows that the guys over at PPP are Democrats , but no one could ever accusing them of using their role as surveyors of public opinion in order to cheerlead for the folks in blue .
They run the numbers , and present them to the public , whether those numbers are favorable to Democrats or ugly ( like this week 's PPP numbers in Arkansas ) .
For such a prolific firm in the campaign game , it would seem counterproductive for Rasmussen to get pigeonholed as the " right - wing " pollsters .
But a cursory glance at their front pages lately render it almost impossible to conclude anything else .
It seems a rather sad course to chart for a firm that had been instrumental in examining the election cycles of the past .
Exuberant Ctags FAQ
ex·u·ber·ant : produced in extreme abundance : PLENTIFUL synonym see PROFUSE
Some non-vi editors , however , implement only the bare minimum of EX commands in order to process the search command or line number in the third field of the tag file .
If you encounter this problem , use the option -- format=1 to generate a tag file without these extensions ( remember that you can set the CTAGS environment variable to any default arguments you wish to supply ) .
Then ask the supplier of your editor to implement handling of this feature of EX commands .
To fix this , add the following lines to your .emacs file , replacing the path to etags with the path where the symbolic link was installed .
( autoload ' speedbar " speedbar " ) ( setq speedbar - fetch- etags - command " /usr/local / bin/etags " speedbar - fetch - etags - arguments '( " - f " " - " ) )
-- format=1
-- extra=+q
class :: member
class.method
. ctags
In order to avoid this problem , you can specify the option -- excmd=p , which causes ctags to use a search pattern to locate macro tags .
I have never uncovered the reason why the original UNIX ctags used line numbers exclusively for macro tags , but have so far resisted changing the default behaviour of Exuberant Ctags to behave differently .
Standard Vi provides no facilities to alter this behavior .
However , Vim has some nice features to minimize this problem , primarly by examining all matches and choosing the best one under the circumstances .
Vim also provides commands which allow for selection of the desired matching tag .
The best way to avoid this problem ( and the most efficient ) is to make use of the -- recurse ( or - R ) option of ctags by executing the following command in the root of the directory hierarchy ( thus running ctags only once ) :
ctags -R
If you really insist on running ctags separately on each directory , you can avoid the sort pass each time by specifying the option -- sort=no .
Once the tag file is completely built , use the sort command to manually sort the final tag file , or let the final invocation of ctags sort the file .
A local tag file in each directory containing only the tags for source files in that directory .
One single big , global tag file present in the root directory of your hierarchy , containing all tags present in all source files in the hierarchy .
A local tag file in each directory containing only the tags for source files in that directory , in addition to one single global tag file present in the root directory of your hierarchy , containing all non-static tags present in all source files in the hierarchy .
A local tag file in each directory of the hierarchy , each one containing all tags present in source files in that directory and all non-static tags in every directory below it ( note that this implies also having one big tag file in the root directory of the hierarchy ) .
The ability of your editor to use multiple tag files .
If your editor cannot make use of multiple tag files ( original vi implementations could not ) , then one large tag file is the only way to go if you ever desire to jump to tags located in other directories .
If you never need to jump to tags in another directory ( i.e. the source in each directory is entirely self - contained ) , then a local tag file in each directory will fit your needs .
The time is takes for your editor to look up a tag in the tag file .
The significance of this factor depends upon the size of your source tree and on whether the source files are located on a local or remote file system .
For source and tag files located on a local file system , looking up a tag is not as big a hit as one might first imagine , since vi implementations typically perform a binary search on a sorted tag file .
This may or may not be true for the editor you use .
For files located on a remote file system , reading a large file is an expensive operation .
Whether or not you expect the source code to change and the time it takes to rebuild a tag file to account for changes to the source code .
While Exuberant Ctags is particularly fast in scanning source code ( around 1 - 2 MB/sec ) , a large project may still result in objectionable delays if one wishes to keep their tag file (s ) up to date on a frequent basis , or if the files are located on a remote file system .
The presence of duplicate tags in the source code and the ability to handle them .
The impact of this factor is influenced by the following three issues : 1 . How common are duplicate tags in your project ?
2 . Does your editor provide any facilities for dealing with duplicate tags ?
While standard vi does not , many modern vi implementations , such as Vim have good facilities for selecting the desired match from the list of duplicates .
If your editor does not support duplicate tags , then it will typically send you to only one of them , whether or not that is the one you wanted ( and not even notifying you that there are other potential matches ) .
3 . What is the significance of duplicate tags ?
For example , if you have two tags of the same name from entirely isolated software components , jumping first to the match found in component B while working in component A may be entirely misleading , distracting or inconvenient ( to keep having to choose which one if your editor provides you with a list of matches ) .
However , if you have two tags of the same name for parallel builds ( say two initialization routines for different hosts ) , you may always want to specify which one you want .
The advantages of Approach 3 are many ( assuming that your editor has the ability to support both multiple tag files and duplicate tags ) .
All lookups of tag located in the currect directory are fast and the local tag file can be quickly and easily regenerated in one second or less ( I have even mapped a keystroke to do this easily ) .
A lookup of a ( necessarily non-static ) tag found in another directory fails a lookup in the local tag file , but is found in the global tag file , which satisfies all cross - directory lookups .
The global tag file can be automatically regenerated periodically with a cron job ( and perhaps the local tag files also ) .
Now I give an example of how you would implement Approach 3 .
Means of implementing the other approaches can be performed in a similar manner .
Here is a visual representation of an example directory hierarchy :
project `-----misccomp | ` ... `-----sysint `-----client | `-----hdrs | `-----lib | `-----src | `-----test `-----common
| `-----hdrs | `-----lib | `-----src | `-----test `-----server
`-----hdrs `-----lib `-----src
`-----test
Here is a recommended solution ( conceptually ) to build the tag files :
Within each of the leaf nodes ( i.e. hdrs , lib , src , test ) build a tag file using " ctags *.[ ch ] " .
This can be easily be done for the whole hierarchy by making a shell script , call it " dirtags " , containing the following lines : #!/ bin/sh cd $ 1 ctags *
Now execute the following command : find * - type d -exec dirtags {} \;
These tag files are trivial ( and extremely quick ) to rebuild while making changes within a directory .
The following Vim key mapping is quite useful to rebuild the tag file in the directory of the current source file : :nmap , t :!( cd %:p:h;ctags *.[ ch ] ) &
Build the global tag file : cd ~/ project ctags -- file - scope=no - R thus constructing a tag file containing only non-static tags for all source files in all descendent directories .
Configure your editor to read the local tag file first , then consult the global tag file when not found in the local tag file .
In Vim , this is done as follows : : set tags= .
/ tags , tags,~/project/tags
#!/bin/sh cd $ 1 ctags * #
Now append the non-static tags from descendent directories find * - type d - prune - print | ctags - aR -- file - scope=no -L -
And replace the configuration of step 3 with this :
: set tags=./ tags ,./../tags ,./../../tags ,./../../../tags,tags
As a caveat , it should be noted that step 2 builds a global tag file whose file names will be relative to the directory in which the global tag file is being built .
This takes advantage of the Vim ' tagrelative ' option , which causes the path to be interpreted a relative to the location of the tag file instead of the current directory .
For standard vi , which always interprets the paths as relative to the current directory , we need to build the global tag file with absolute path names .
This can be accomplished by replacing step 2 with the following :
THE NEW YORK TIMES CROSSWORD PUZZLE FROM HELL
Composed by Karl M. Petruso
ACROSS DOWN
1 The _______ 1 Opposite of forty 
5 Tributary of the Bug ( var. ) 2 Common Burkina Faso insect
10 See 34 Down 3 Part 3 of quote
14 See 10 Across 4 Atlantis to Xanadu dir .
15 Opposite of average  5 A 5 - letter word
16 Hebrew month 6 ... of ______
17 Part 2 of quote 7 Hebrew month
19 An adjective 8 ... and ______
20 Madagascar roofing tool 9 Person who did not speak quote
21 See 23 Down 10 Cousin in Ulan Bator
22 Color I am thinking of 11 Appendix to quote
24 Color I will be thinking of 12 See 39 Across
for tomorrow 's puzzle 13 Random string of four letters
26 John ______ 18 King ______ II
27 See 59 Across 23 See 44 Down
29 A noun ( misspelled ) 25 Synonym for 19 Across
30 Arlington to Springfield dir .
26 Antonym for 25 Down
33 Crater on Mars ( abbrev . ) 27 In ______
34 ... a ______ ( Keats ) 28 Medieval Uzbek horse bit
35 Article abroad 29 Hebrew month
36 For ______ 31
Theme of this puzzle
37 ... begat ______ ( Book of Genesis ) 32
Theme of a different puzzle
38 Yiddish for putz  34 See 10 Across
39 See 12 Down 37
Another person who did not speak quote
40 ______ rrështl ( Albanian board game ) 38 Assistant key grip , Forrest Gump
41 It s bigger than a molecule 40 Hebrew month
42 Airport abbreviation 41 What 26 Across was famous for
43 Popular Lithuanian female 44 See 21 Across
nickname 46 " ... good ______ " ( Shakespeare )
44 Ancient Bactrian bronze coin 47  I 'm gonna sock you in the ______ ,
denomination Will Shortz . "
45 2 + 2 , e.g. 48 Prefix suffix
47 With 5 Down , car part 49  Uh - oh ( colloq . )
48 Speaker of quote 50 Hebrew month ( var . )
50 Year Lucius Mummius Pulcher almost 52 Poetic contraction
remarried
51 Mars to Neptune dir .
53 Poetic expansion
54 Agua , in Acapulco 56 LP:CD :: DVD : _____
55 Beginning of quote 57 Burma to Myanmar dir .
58 Bodkin ( archaic )
59 See 27 Across
60 Random string of four letters ( var . )
61 He batted .219 in 1953
62 A color I am not thinking of
63 ______ Jones
Myth # 6 : The Federal Reserve has never been audited .
An often repeated Federal Reserve conspiracy theory is that the Fed has never been audited .
" Every year Congress introduces legislation to audit the FED , " wrote Thomas Schauf , " and every year it is defeated . " 7
Why ?
Conspiracy theorists such as Schauf , Gary Kah ( 1991 ) , and Pat Robertson ( 1994 ) say the reason is that the Fed is involved in an international plot to subvert U.S. sovereignty and create a one - world government .
Naturally , the Fed will not permit Congress to audit its activities , lest it discover this treasonous plan and shut it down .
How much truth is there to this claim ?
Has the Fed ever been audited by Congress or anyone else ?
The Fed controls U.S. monetary policy and can act with a great deal of independence from Congress and the executive branch .
Clearly , such awesome power requires some sort of regular public oversight at the very least to insure that the Fed is doing its job efficiently and effectively , and to detect any abuses of power or fraud .
This essay explores the claim that the Fed has never been audited and finds that it is completely false .
A Brief History of Federal Reserve Audits Since its inception in 1913 the Federal Reserve System has been subjected to a variety of financial and performance audits by Congress , the executive branch , and private accounting firms , although responsibility for this task has shifted from time to time .
From 1913 to 1921 the Board of Governors , then known as the Federal Reserve Board which sets monetary policy and regulates the activities of the Federal Reserve Banks , was audited annually by the U.S. Treasury Department .
In 1921 Congress created the Government Accounting Office ( GAO ) and assigned it to audit the Board until 1933 .
In the Banking Act of 1933 , Congress voted specifically to remove the Board from the GAO 's jurisdiction .
From 1933 to 1952 audit teams from the twelve Federal Reserve Banks performed the annual examination of the BOG 's books .
From 1952 to 1978 , the Board , under authorization from Congress , decided to employ nationally recognize accounting firms to conduct the audits of itself to insure independent oversight .
This provided an external evaluation of the adequacy and effectiveness of the examination procedures .
1
In 1978 Congress passed the Federal Banking Agency Audit Act ( 31 USCA § 714 ) .
It placed the Federal Reserve System back under the auditing authority of the GAO .
The Act significantly increased the access of the GAO to the Federal Reserve Banks , the Board , and the Federal Open Market Committee ( the FOMC ) .
Since then , the GAO has conducted over 100 financial audits and performance audits of the three Federal Reserve bodies .
3
Scope of GAO Audits
Some of the more important GAO performance audits of the Fed have been in the areas of bank supervision , payment systems activities , and government securities activities .
In the first area , the GAO examined how well the Fed was enforcing its regulatory powers over its member banks .
In 1992 it drew attention to the Fed 's sluggish compliance with regulatory reforms mandated by the Foreign Bank Supervision Act of 1991 .
In examining the Fed 's payment system activities , the GAO made the Fed aware of how its pricing policies for such services as check - clearing affected private suppliers of check - clearing services , and also suggested ways to speed up the process of check collections .
Security markets for government debt is a crucial market , and GAO performance audits of the Fed have lead to more openness in the primary dealer system , particularly concerning the disclosure of price information .
The GAO is also involved in several ongoing performance audits of the Fed such as analysis of risks and benefits of interstate banking , regulation of derivatives , and the budget of the Federal Reserve system .
2 Audits By Private Accounting Firms Financial audits of the Fed are also conducted regularly .
Each Reserve Bank is audited every year by independent General Auditors who report directly to the Board of Governors .
These examinations involve financial statement audits and reviews on the effectiveness of financial controls .
Each Reserve Bank also has its own internal audit mechanisms .
The Board contracts each year with an outside accounting firm to evaluate the audit program 's effectiveness .
Price Waterhouse conducted an audit of the Board 's 1994 , 1995 , 1996 , 1997 , and 1998 financial statements and filed this report in the Board 's 1996 Annual Report ( nearly identical ones appear in other Annual Reports ) :
We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System ( the Board ) as of December 31 , 1995 and 1994 , and the related statements of revenues and expenses for the years then ended .
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Board 's management .
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits .
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted accounting standards and Government Accounting Standards issued by the Comptroller General of the United States .
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement .
An audit includes examining , on a test basis , evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements .
An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estmates made by management , as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation .
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion .
In our opinion the financial statements referred to above present fairly , in all material respects , the financial position of the Board as of December 31 , 1995 and 1994 , and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles .
As discussed in Notes 1 and 3 to the financial statements , the Board implemented Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 112 , Employers ' Accounting for Postemployment Benefits , effective January 1 , 1994 .
In accordance with Government Accounting Standards , we have also issued a report dated March 25 , 1996 on our consideration of the Board 's internal control structure and a report dated March 25 , 1996 on its compliance with laws and regulations .
4
The Board has also contracted with Coopers & Lybrand to conduct annual financial audits of the Board and the individual Federal Reserve Banks .
Exemptions to the Scope of GAO Audits The Government Accounting Office does not have complete access to all aspects of the Federal Reserve System .
The law excludes the following areas from GAO inspections ( 31 USCA § 714 ) : ( 1 ) transactions for or with a foreign central bank , government of a foreign country , or nonprivate international financing organization ; ( 2 ) deliberations , decisions , or actions on monetary policy matters , including discount window operations , reserves of member banks , securities credit , interest on deposits , open market operations ; ( 3 ) transactions made under the direction of the Federal Open Market Committee ; or ( 4 ) a part of a discussion or communication among or between members of the Board of Governors and officers and employees of the Federal Reserve System related to items .
In 1993 Wayne D. Angell , then a member of the Board of Governors , submitted testimony before a House subcommittee on the reasons for the restrictions on GAO access .
He commented ,
By excluding these areas , the Act attempts to balance the need for public accountability of the Federal Reserve through GAO audits against the need to insulate the central bank 's monetary policy functions from short - term political pressures and to ensure that foreign central banks and governmental entities can transact business in the U.S. financial markets through the Federal Reserve on a confidential basis .
2
In reference to a bill that would lift the constraints placed on the GAO 's audit authority over the Federal Reserve , Angell stated , The benefits , if any , of broadening the GAO 's authority into the areas of monetary policy and transactions with foreign official entities would be small .
With regard to purely financial audits , the Federal Reserve Act already requires that the Board conduct an annual financial examination of each Reserve Bank ...
The process of conducting financial audits is reviewed by a public accounting firm to confirm that the methods and techniques being employed are effective and that the program follows generally accepted auditing standards ... Further , a private accounting firm audits the Board 's balance sheet ...
Finally , and more broadly , the Congress has , in effect , mandated its own review of monetary policy by requiring semiannual reports to Congress on monetary policy under the Full Employment and Balanced Growth Act of 1978 ...
In addition , there is a vast and continuously updated body of literature and expert evaluation of U.S. monetary policy .
In this environment , the contribution that a GAO audit would make to the active public discussion of the conduct of monetary policy is not likely to outweigh the disadvantages of expanding GAO audit authority in this area .2
For more on GAO restrictions , you can search the Government Printing Office website for GAO report T - GGD - 94 - 44 , entitled " Federal Reserve System Audits : Restrictions on GAO 's Access . "
The Budget of the Federal Reserve and Other Oversight The budget of the Federal Reserve system is determined by each Bank and the Board of Governors .
Stephen L. Neal , the Chair of the House Subcommittee on Domestic Monetary Policy in 1991 , stated that " Congress plays no direct role in setting or authorizing the Fed 's budget .
Control of its own budget is an essential component of the independence the Fed must enjoy .
" 1 Additional oversight of the Federal Reserve System derives from the ability of Congress to expand or to contract the Fed 's powers .
On numerous occasions Congress has seen fit to change the Fed 's structure , alter its mission , and grant it new or different powers .
In 1935 Congress changed the composition of the Board of Governors to give it more independence , and it allowed the Board to determine the discount rate for all Federal Reserve Banks rather than allow each Bank to set its own rate .
In1978 Congress mandated the Fed 's new goal to be full employment and price stability .
In 1980 Congress granted the Fed new regulatory powers over non-member banks .
Many other government reports on the audits of the Federal Reserve system are available on - line through the Government Printing Office website .
Three interesting GAO reports on Federal Reserve finances and performance are : Federal Reserve Banks : Innaccurate Reporting of Currency at the Los Angeles Branch , ( 9/30/96 , GAO report AMID - 96 - 146 ) .
Federal Reserve Banks : Internal Control , Accounting , and Auditing Issues , ( 2/9/96 , GAO report AMID - 96 - 5 ) .
Federal Reserve System : Current and Future Challenges Require Systemwide Attention , ( 6/17/96 , GGD - 96-128 ) .
Conclusion
It is obvious that the Federal Reserve System is and has always been audited .
It is difficult to imagine how Kah , Schauf , and other conspiracy theorists could not have come across this evidence in the course of their research .
Perhaps they are merely poor researchers .
Or maybe they are reluctant to acknowledge facts which contradict their basic thesis .
Either way , their credibility among skeptical readers takes a sharp hit by making such obvious factual errors .
For more on how the Federal Reserve system is audited , see the New York Federal Reserve 's FedPoints .
References 1 . " The Budget of the Federal Reserve System , " Hearing before the Subcommittee on Domestic Monetary Policy ... [ House ] , July 18 , 1991 , U.S. Government Printing Office , Serial no .
102-59 .
2 . H.R. 28 : " Federal Reserve Accountability Act of 1993 , " Hearing before the Subcommittee on Domestic Monetary Policy ... [ House ] , October 27 , 1993 , U.S. Government Printing Office , Serial no .
103-86 .
3 . Public Law 95 - 320 , " Federal Banking Agency Audit Act , " July 21 , 1978 .
4 . Annual Report , 1996 , Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System .
5 . Kah , Gary ( 1991 ) , En Route to Global Occupation .
Layfayette , La. : Huntington House .
6 . Robertson , Pat ( 1994 ) .
The Turning Tide .
Dallas : Word Publishing .
7 . Schauf , Thomas ( 1992 ) .
The Federal Reserve .
Streamwood , IL : FED-UP , Inc. 8 . United States Code Annotated , U.S. Government Printing Office .
Cuba has ordered austere energy savings this summer to cope with rising budget deficits and plummeting export profits , and the Communist Party Central Committee on Friday lowered 2009 economic growth projections by nearly a full percentage point .
The committee also announced that it was suspending plans for the first Communist Party congress in 12 years in order to deal with the financial crisis .
A report in official Cuban newspapers cited President Raul Castro as saying the island is struggling through a " very serious " crisis and hinted that further belt - tightening was on the way .
The government already has imposed conservation measures even as it continues to get free oil for services from Venezuela , fueling rumors that Cuba is selling President Hugo Chavez 's crude on the side to raise cash .
More likely , the shortages result from a global recession that hit an already struggling economy still reeling from last year 's hurricanes .
President Raul Castro scolded Cubans in a national address Sunday to work harder because they have no one to blame but themselves .
" The only thing I know is that this is lousy , " said one 27 - year - old who only gave the name Raul because he sells cement and housing materials on the black market .
" I do n't work .
I find a way to survive . "
The latest cuts are small compared with strict measures imposed during the so - called special period , when Cubans nearly starved after subsidies dried up with the collapse of the Soviet Union .
Nor are they as severe as the blackouts of 2004 , when technical problems at power plants left much of the island in the dark for hours at a time .
Fans and water pumps were idled .
Milk and food spoiled , while electrical surges damaged refrigerators , televisions and other costly appliances .
Still , every bit of belt - tightening stings in a country where almost everyone works for the state and average wages are less than $ 20 per month .
The price of nickel , Cuba 's chief export , is down more than 50 percent from last year , according to Toronto - based Sherritt International Cooperation , Cuba 's largest energy partner .
The company 's oil production on the island was down 19 percent last quarter compared to the second quarter of 2008 , mainly because Sherritt suspended drilling earlier this year when Cuba fell behind on its payments .
The government and Sherritt have worked out a plan to pay down the debt , and the company says Cuba has been sticking to it .
But the situation could have spurred the mandatory energy savings .
Neither Sherritt nor the Cuban government would provide more details .
Or Cuba may be trying to save unused oil to bolster strategic reserves while prices are still relatively low , said Dan Erikson of the Inter - American Dialogue in Washington .
But he also said the strict measures lend credence to whispers that Cuba is selling Venezuelan oil overseas -- something the communist government did with some of the discounted oil it got from the Soviet Union .
" It 's been alleged they 've been selling Venezuelan oil on the side .
They 've denied that , but if they are open to doing it , now would be the time , " Erikson said .
" Cuba 's in a real cash crunch . "
Beginning June 1 , the government ordered energy conservation measures as part of a broader plan to cut the national budget by 6 percent .
Central planners also announced Friday they were revising their economic growth projections downward , from 2.5 percent to 1.7 percent .
As recently as December , they had projected 6 percent economic growth in Cuba .
These days , most countries would cheer any economic growth .
But Cuba counts what it spends on free health care and education , monthly food rations and other social programs as production -- making economic growth figures dubious .
The island 's economic woes began in earnest with three hurricanes last summer that caused more than $ 10 billion in damage and wiped out some of the food and grains the government had stockpiled to insulate itself from rising commodities prices .
How much Cuba has spent on hurricane recovery is unclear .
But Castro said the government has rebuilt or repaired 43 percent of the 260,000 homes damaged or lost in the storms .
Cuba consumed about 150,000 barrels of crude oil a day in 2008 , of which 52,000 were produced domestically and 93,000 imported from Venezuela , said Jorge Pinon , an energy fellow at the University of Miami's Center for Hemispheric Policy .
Half is used to generate electricity , according to Cuba 's Ministry of Basic Resources .
Though the numbers leave the country 5,000 barrels a day short , Pinon said natural gas production last year covered the energy equivalent of 20,000 barrels of oil daily and kept the power plants running smoothly .
" Cuba , from a petroleum point of view , is balanced , " he said .
" It 's not running out of oil . "
So far the power - saving measures have been confined to state - run businesses and factories , though many Cubans fear they will soon hit residential users as well .
Workers at a tire factory in San Jose de las Lajas , a rugged farming town 30 miles ( 50 kilometers ) south of Havana , said production is down and the factory goes dark when demand for electricity is high -- leaving gas stations and mechanics short on spare tires .
In the central province of Cienfuegos , a large dairy that supplies ice cream and other products to much of the country and exports cheese has been ordered to cut production , according to the Communist Youth newspaper Juventud Rebelde .
Yogurt is scarce in Havana -- sold only in upscale grocery stores that cater to tourists and are too expensive for most Cubans .
Some government office workers say their hours have been cut to between 8 a.m. and 3 p.m. , and others are being told to come in only twice a week .
State companies also have stopped offering employees low - cost lunches in worker cafeterias to save power .
Other government offices , businesses , banks and stores have ordered air conditioners turned off for much of the day , rather than close early .
Customer service , never stellar in state - run institutions , has suffered even more .
In the sweltering banks , barbershops and boutiques , listless employees are more interested in fanning themselves than serving sweating customers .
The ceremony is called Kuomboka , meaning " moving out of the water " .
Every year the king of the Lozi people journeys from the flooded plains to higher ground .
Thousands gather to dance , feast and watch the royal barge rowed by dozens of oarsmen beneath a giant replica elephant .
The Kuomboka is traditionally the cue for local people to follow the king in escaping the rising waters , but the reality of climate change is catching up with this colourful ritual .
The most recent flood came too soon and too strong , killing at least 31 people in Zambia 's impoverished western province .
The devastating aftermath has left people starving and homeless .
" Flooding here is an annual event , but it came earlier than expected and people were caught off guard , " said Raphael Mutiku , a public health engineer for Oxfam in Mongu .
The Red Cross recently warned that global warming will lead to more disasters and suffering along the entire Zambezi river basin , where floods have increased dramatically in recent years .
The Zambezi once flooded the plains as predictably as the changing seasons , in late March or early April .
But now the great river is less regular and more extreme .
The volatile climate – annual rainfall has risen in recent years from 900 mm to 1,300 mm – is disrupting rhythms that have sustained generations .
Crops that should have been harvested in January or February this year were destroyed by flooding that began in November .
Even on higher ground , cassava crops were no longer safe .
Thousands of people have been forced to move further inland than ever before without food or sanitation .
They have become refugees in their own country , camping in informal settlements accessible only by boat .
They cannot grow crops as the land is infertile , they are exposed to malarial mosquitoes and respiratory infections , and are cut off from hospitals and schools .
Lutangu Mulambwa , 25 , and his wife Sandra , 17 , had to flee their home in a canoe with their 10 - month - old daughter , Mulima , and found refuge 15 km away .
The maize crop on which they depend is lost .
" It 's totally gone , " said Lutangu , sitting outside a shelter improvised from dry reeds .
" There is nothing at all we can do for food here to sustain our lives .
We are dying of hunger . "
Elsewhere in the Kaama settlement , a patch of scrubland where children in torn clothes play in the dirt , Nasilele Sapilo , 70 , wondered how she is going to feed her five grandchildren .
" We planted maize and pumpkin to sustain us for the whole year but we 've lost over three - quarters to the floods , " she said .
" I move from the low ground every year , but this time the rain was heavy and the houses submerged to roof level . "
The family home is 17 km away .
Nasilele 's grandson , Liyiungu , nine , wearing a ragged green jacket and a filthy vest , said : " I do n't have soap or schoolbooks – they were swept away by water .
I miss my socks and school shoes . "
In another village , Liyoyelo , the floods have receded and people were starting to rebuild their lives .
The waterline was visible on the wall of a wooden shack .
In one corner , a film of brown soil clung to an old vinyl record player .
The village of more than 200 people was now a sprawl of ruined homes and fetid cesspools .
Before , people braved the floods and stayed at home , but not this time .
" It came in early December and in 12 hours the water filled the yard , " recalled Mukelabai Ilishebo .
" Our maize was lost and our home destroyed .
The blankets and clothes are gone . "
Mukelabai , 25 , and her family packed all the belongings they could into a canoe and paddled 24 km to safety .
After four months they came back to find the roof of their home fallen in and the mudbrick walls crumbling away .
She added : " We are having to start again .
There is no food so we are not eating anything .
My husband has no job .
I worry about the children . "
Elsewhere , at Soola , the settlement resembled even more closely a desolate refugee camp , with shelters fabricated from thatch and reeds and draped with dirty clothes and blankets .
Remnants of sweet potato tubers were scattered on the ground .
An area where homes used to be was now a muddy wasteland save for a single door , standing like the freak survivor of a shockwave that vaporised everything else .
Masela Kababa , 30 , a mother of three young children , said : " There is n't enough food to feed the children .
They all have aching joints and eye infections .
There 's nothing we can do . "
She was pessimistic .
" This problem is here to stay .
I think it will keep happening to the end of time . "
Today 's report from Oxfam on the human cost of climate change calls on world leaders attending this week 's G8 meeting to act now on behalf of those already suffering its consequences .
Raphael Mutiku of Oxfam said : " We have types of catastrophe such as volcanoes and tsunamis , but now our focus is shifting towards climatically induced matters .
The question is , how do you respond so you do n't see the same crisis next year , and the year after ? "
Revitalization Mayor Confirms talks with Balsillie on Moving Phoenix Coyotes to Copps Coliseum By RTH Staff
Published May 07 , 2009
Mayor Fred Eisenberger held a press conference this afternoon and issued a statement confirming that the City of Hamilton , HECFI and a member of Jim Balsillie 's legal team met this morning to discuss bringing an NHL hockey team to Copps Coliseum in Hamilton .
The City has begun to study Balsillie 's proposal to enter into an agreement on moving the Phoenix Coyotes to Hamilton , including studying the legal and financial aspects of the proposed agreement .
Eisenberger noted that Copps Coliseum was designed with an NHL team in mind , that some nine million potential hockey fans live within a two - hour drive of downtown Hamilton , and that Balsillie 's attempt to move the Nashville Predators to Hamilton two years ago amply demonstrated a strong demand for ticket sales and a viable market for a local team .
He added that a plan is in place to renovate Copps Coliseum to be ready to accommodate an NHL team " within a matter of months " if the deal goes ahead .
Here is the Mayor 's statement in full :
I can confirm that a meeting was held this morning with the City of Hamilton , HECFI and a member of Mr. Balsillie 's legal team to discuss the bringing an NHL Team coming to Hamilton - specifically to COPPS COLISEUM .
The Balsillie group is asking the City to consider entering into an agreement .
The City will be going through its usual process to ensure due diligence .
Members of the City 's legal and finance staff are already working on this and at this point there are no other details .
We are prepared to work hard and do what we can to try to land a team here in Hamilton .
Having an NHL franchise would be a huge boon for the city 's economic development , drawing fans from a large area .
I can't think of a stronger market than Hamilton for an NHL team .
The people of Hamilton , our businesses and community leaders ( including those on City Council ) believe that Hamilton is at centre of the best hockey market in the world .
Landing an NHL franchise in Hamilton would be excellent for the City , for hockey fans , for Southern Ontario and Canada .
The value of an NHL team in Hamilton has no limits with some nine million potential hockey fans living within a two - hour drive to downtown Hamilton - home to Copps Coliseum .
Copps Coliseum was designed with an NHL team in mind .
There is a renovation plan in place for Copps and those renovations will make the facility NHL - ready within a matter of months .
Two years ago , it took less than 36 hours for more than 14 thousand people from Hamilton and beyond to enthusiastically put down a $ 1,000 deposit for the possibility of purchasing NHL season tickets , while 64 private boxes were snapped up , each with a $ 5,000 deposit .
This goes a long way to attest the viability of this market .
You can read about Raise the Hammer .
13 Comments Read Comments
Post a Comment
You must be logged in to comment .
During a scene towards the end of the film , a gag takes place where a taxi humorously delivers the rescue party to the helicopter extraction point in the middle of a war zone just as the mission for extraction is aborted .
In the background , a crew member 's shadow can be seen in a manner where their right arm is raised high and suddenly lowered signaling the taxi to drive into frame at the moment required once the order to abort is given .
See more
Alternate Versions
The film has had a checkered UK censorship history .
For its original cinema release , 54 secs were cut for a 12 certificate , removing all footage of nunchakus during the Rambo scene and editing the spoof Basic Instinct sex scene in the apartment .
The video was rated PG and the cuts were expanded with a further 1 min 7 secs of additional edits to remove a single use of ' fuck ' and the complete removal of the bedroom scene .
The same print was used as a basis for the PG - rated DVD , although the distributors made a further two minutes of edits including the removal of Ramada 's line " Wild , free , passionate , unbridled sex .
I 'd fondle you in ways you can't imagine " and even the already PG approved scene in the limousine .
The UK Blu-ray version reinstates the previously cut footage and was passed 12 uncut in 2013 .
See more
Well , not really on acid , but it ’s still a huge trip .
With this script , the player ’s controller input is disabled and Mario only moves according to the rainbow lines you draw on the screen .
It ’s available for download at FCEUX .
They give it the fitting term “ Rainbow Riding . ”
Upon killing enemies , the demo shows red splashy animations that have a semblance to blood .
It ’s a bit twisted when juxtaposed with all of the rainbow paint , but , I mean – cool .
The makers note that the script is similar to Kirby ’s Canvas Curse .
While there are similarities , this Rainbow Riding business definitely needs to find its way on the DS .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1XNTjVScm_8[/youtube]
Within the framework of the Nature and Environment Awareness Week in the army , Antiquities Protection Day will be held on Thursday .
The Israel Archaeological Association ( IAA ) intends to raise understanding about the need to safeguard antiquities in IDF bases and firing ranges and to strengthen cooperation between the two bodies .
The soldiers will adopt archaeological sites and tend them , will tour antiquities sites and attend lectures at Bet Guvrin National Park about archaeological preservation while on the tour of duty .
There are numerous antiquities sites that are located in IDF firing ranges and bases .
These places are in the hands of the IDF and consequently the supervisory capability of the IAA is relatively limited .
It has occurred on more than one occasion that because of a lack of awareness about antiquities on the part of soldiers and their commanders , sites were damaged while training in firing ranges or against a background of earthmoving work and construction which were implemented in bases .
In light of this , the IDF and IAA decided to cooperate for the purpose of boosting soldiers ’ awareness regarding the importance of the antiquities , which constitute the cultural heritage of Israel .
Mitch McConnell tries to explain why he's now open to filibustering President Obama 's ( currently unnamed ) Supreme Court nominee , when under the Bush administration , McConnell vehemently opposed any such filibuster .
Transcript :
WALLACE : But are you ruling out a filibuster or are you leaving that possibility open ?
MCCONNELL : Under the rules of the Senate , all things are possible .
WALLACE : Well , let me ask you about that , though , because back in 2005 , when Democrats were blocking President Bush 's nominees , you were prepared to impose the nuclear option which would block filibusters , and I want to put up what you said so eloquently at the time .
MCCONNELL : Yeah .
WALLACE : " Regardless of party , any president 's judicial nominees , after full debate , deserve a simple up - or - down vote . "
So if filibusters were wrong under President Bush , should n't they be wrong under President Obama ?
MCCONNELL : Well , the Senate rejected my advice , and the Senate is a place that frequently operates on precedent .
So I think the Senate deliberately decided not to take a position one way or the other .
The patch to solve the SMS vulnerability of the iPhone firmware up to 3.0 is live and available in iTunes .
So get on and download the patch ( some 280 Mb ! ) before some joker hijacks your phone .
Currently Redsn0w is not able to jailbreak it but it seems like just a verification error .
Hopefully we ’ll get an update for that soon , till now , update to protect yourself or run the risk ( although pretty minor ) that someone might hi-jack your phone .
The surge in sales of Michael Jackson ’s music catalog continued Wednesday with the announcement that his recordings dominated the pop charts for the third consecutive week , and a source told The Times that more than 9 million of Jackson ’s albums have been sold worldwide since his death June 25 .
Nielsen SoundScan said Jackson ’s albums sold 1.1 million copies over the last seven days and had combined to sell an impressive 2.3 million in the U.S. in the nearly three weeks since he died .
Sony Music , which controls the catalog of his solo adult recordings , declines as a policy to comment on sales issues , but a spokeswoman for the label did not dispute the accuracy of the 9 - million figure provided by the source , who has knowledge of Jackson ’s global album sales but is not authorized to speak on the matter .
Jackson ’s music has also topped the pop charts in countries including France , Germany , Australia and the U.K. during the same period .
The dramatic influx of income for the singer ’s estate illustrates what ’s at stake in the legal battle to name an executor for Jackson ’s will .
Advertisement
This month , lawyers for the singer ’s mother , Katherine Jackson , 79 , filed court papers asking that she oversee his estate .
Days later , two of Jackson ’s longtime associates -- entertainment attorney John Branca and veteran music industry executive John McClain -- filed a will the performer signed in 2002 naming them executors .
A hearing on the matter of an executor is scheduled for Aug. 3 in Los Angeles .
Although Jackson was about $ 400 million in debt to various financial institutions , people with knowledge of the singer ’s business holdings say his assets outweigh his debt by at least $ 200 million -- and those assets are only increasing with the tremendous record sales .
In the meantime , the popularity of Jackson ’s music , memorabilia and even performances inspired by his body of work shows no sign of diminishing .
“ We ’re seeing a real outpouring from fans and consumers who are looking to connect and get past what ’s happened -- the tragedy of his death -- through attaching themselves to his music , ” said Gary Arnold , senior entertainment officer for the national music retailer Best Buy .
Advertisement
Sales of Jackson ’s music have remained “ exceedingly strong ” in the weeks since his death , Arnold said .
“ They ’re buying a pretty broad spectrum of his work ; they are n’t just buying ‘ Thriller ’ but a broad range of titles from throughout Michael ’s career .
Realistically we expect to see people connecting at unprecedented levels through Christmas . ”
Amazon.com typically does n’t discuss sales figures , but in the wake of Jackson ’s death company spokesman Andrew Herdener said “ the customer response to Michael Jackson ’s death has been staggering and unprecedented -- we took more orders for Jackson CDs and MP3s in the first 24 hours after his death than we did in the previous 11 years of the Amazon music store . ”
There were other manifestations of the insatiable appetite for all things Jackson .
The performer ’s songs were punched up just shy of 1 million times on the 38,000 jukeboxes operated by TouchTunes , the nation ’s leading jukebox supplier .
Thirteen of his songs , either solo or with the Jackson 5 , were in the company ’s Top 100 songs for the period , and his recordings occupied half the slots in the Top 10 .
Maximizing on the Jackson mania that has sent fans into mourning worldwide , producers of the U.K. stage musical “ Thriller Live ” announced that they were taking the show on the road this month .
Advertisement
The musical -- a two - hour tribute concert using Jackson impersonators to showcase many of the singer ’s best - known songs -- will begin traveling across Europe on Tuesday and will be performed in several U.S. cities at some point in the next 12 months , an announcement said .
The six - member , North Carolina - based Jackson tribute group Who ’s Bad seized the zeitgeist by booking a North American tour July 9 that will send the band members traveling coast to coast through November .
“ With Michael Jackson gone , Who ’s Bad is , right now , the closest thing to hearing and seeing him perform , ” the band ’s leader Vamsi Tadepalli says in a statement on its website .
“ We only seek to keep those memories alive . ”
--
Advertisement
chris.lee@latimes.com
randy.lewis@latimes.com
Times staff writer Claudia Eller contributed to this report .
By GottaLaff
UPDATE :
The top Democrat in the Senate says lawmakers wo n't vote until after August on health care , a blow to President Barack Obama 's ambitious timetable .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid told reporters Thursday the Finance Committee will act on its portion of the bill before Congress ' monthlong break .
Then Reid will merge that bill with separate legislation already passed by the Senate Health , Education , Labor and Pensions Committee .
The Nevada Democrat says the decision to delay a vote was made Wednesday night in the hopes of getting a final bipartisan bill . [...]
Democratic divisions in Congress stalled President Barack Obama 's health care overhaul Thursday , with one frustrated senator urging his colleagues to move faster and a member of the House leadership suggesting lawmakers cancel their August vacation to finish a bill .
" It 's time for them to fish or cut bait , " Sen .
Tom Harkin , D - Iowa , said of members of the Senate Finance Committee , which has struggled to come up with a bipartisan bill to fulfill Obama 's goal of expanding coverage to millions who lack it and containing rising costs .
Harkin said the panel has waited too long and should push out a bill with as much support as it can get .
" I am very upset about this , that the Finance Committee keeps dragging their feet and dragging their feet and dragging their feet , " he said on a conference call with Iowa reporters .
At the same time nine freshman Senate Democrats , largely from swing states , sent a letter to Finance Chairman Max Baucus , D - Mont. , urging him to keep working toward a bipartisan solution . [...]
On Thursday , leaders of the Congressional Black Caucus said they requested a meeting with Obama after watching the president negotiate with the fiscally conservative Blue Dog Democrats .
" We felt it was important that more than one voice be heard , " said Donna Christensen , the congressional delegate for the U.S. Virgin Islands who is leading the black caucus ' health care efforts .
" When we hear phrases like squeezing more savings out of the system ... we 're concerned that what may be taken out will be provisions that are critical to our communities . "
The mostly liberal black caucus wants to make sure that any reform retains core provisions such as a public health insurance option that guarantees coverage for everyone .
Several ways to reset MySQL root password
In this post I will show how to deploy a Django applications using Apache with mod-wsgi and nginx .
nginx is used to serve static content as well as proxy requests to Apache .
This means faster page loads for users , and lower server loads .
Install Apache2 , mod-wsgi and nginx
Install all required packages from repositories :
apt - get install apache2 apache2.2-common apache2-mpm-prefork \ libapache2- mod-wsgi apache2 - utils libexpat1 ssl-cert nginx
Install Django
Same as above :
sudo apt - get install python - django
Create Django site folders
sudo mkdir -p /home/sites/domain.tld/{public_html, logs , static} sudo chown - R www - data:www-data /home / sites /
public_html directory will be used for publicly accessible files served by nginx
log directory will store the Apache and Nginx logs for the domain
static directory will store the static content
Create a Django project called proj using django - admin tool :
cd /home/ sites/domain.tld/public_html/ django - admin startproject proj
Alter settings.py file and set the MEDIA_URL and MEDIA_ROOT settings appropriately in project settings file / home / sites / domain.tld/public_html/proj/settings.py
MEDIA_ROOT = '/home/sites/domain.tld/static /'
MEDIA_URL = ' http://www.domain.tld/static/'
This variables allow to specify the location of static files server by nginx
Configure Apache
To accomplish this , setup a virtual host that tells Apache where is located WSGI file .
Open /etc/apache2/sites-available /domain.tld and fill it with following content :
ServerName domain.tld ServerAlias www.domain.tld WSGIScriptAlias / /home/sites/domain.tld/public_html/proj.wsgi
Any request to Apache will execute the WSGI Script from
To tell mod_wsgi how to handle the requests , create a WSGI file located at /home / sites / domain.tld/public_html/proj.wsgi with following contents :
import os import sys sys.path.append('/home/sites/domain.tld/public_html/') os.environ [ ' DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE '] = ' proj.settings ' import django.core.handlers.wsgi application = django.core.handlers.wsgi.WSGIHandler ( )
Once the request is passed to mod_wsgi to invoke the above Django code .
Configure nginx
Make small changes to nginx configuration file /etc/nginx /nginx.conf :
worker_processes 4 ; tcp_nopush on ;
This tells nginx to use four worker processes and to send the HTTP response headers in one packet
Create an Nginx virtual host for the domain , by opening in editor / etc / nginx / sites - available / domain.tld and filling it with content :
server { listen ip .address :80 ; server_name www.domain.tld; access_log /home / sites/domain.tld/logs/access.log ; error_log /home / sites/ domain.tld/logs/error.log ; location / { proxy_pass
http://127.0.0.1:80/; include /etc/nginx/proxy.conf ; } location / static / { root / home / sites/ domain.tld/static / ; expires 1d ; } }
The above config tells nginx to pass requests for dynamic content to Apache and to serve the static content if request contains / static location .
Create a /etc /nginx / proxy.conf file with the following contents :
proxy_redirect off ; proxy_set_header
Host $ host ; proxy_set_header X - Real - IP $ remote_addr ; proxy_set_header X - Forwarded - For $ proxy_add_x_forwarded_for ; client_max_body_size 10 m ; client_body_buffer_size 128k ; proxy_connect_timeout 90 ; proxy_send_timeout 90 ; proxy_read_timeout 90 ; proxy_buffers 32 4 k ;
The file tells to nginx how to serve the proxy requests
Apache should listen on local address .
Open /etc/apache2/ports.conf and alter the following lines :
NameVirtualHost 127.0.0.1:80 Listen 127.0.0.1:80
Disable KeepAlive in /etc/apache2/apache2.conf :
KeepAlive Off
Because , nginx does n't yet support the persistent connections .
Enable site
Create a symlinks to the desired virtual hosts .
For Apache it could be done with command :
a2ensite domain.tld
For nginx , it is done manually , by symlinking it from sites - available to sites - enabled :
ln -s /etc/nginx/sites-available/domain.tld
/etc/nginx/sites-enabled/domain.tld
Run site
Remove the symlinks for default sites and restart the webservers :
rm /etc/nginx/{sites-available ,sites-enabled}/default rm /etc/apache2/{sites-available,sites-enabled}/000 -default
Restart the webservers to make the updates take effect :
/etc/init.d/apache2 restart /etc/init.d/nginx restart
Navigating to your site address will show the default ' It worked ' .
Want to be a billionaire ?
Do n’t worry !
You are not the only one who wants to be in the same category .
History is decked with strong evidences that people who are rich now , were not born that way !
It is their destiny , luck and sheer hard - work that brought them to the place where they are .
Immigration allows a perfect opportunity for all those people to fulfill their needs with utter glare .
Let ’s face it .
Unlike rich and developed countries like the USA , Canada , the UK etc. , a person might not get powerful opportunities in his home country , the same way he may get in other countries .
He might take ages to reach at an authoritative or an honored position , which he might reach within years of his immigration to successful countries .
The difference lies in the opportunities offered to these applicants !
Let ’s take an instance :
The London - based , Rajasthan born aristocrat is currently the Chairman and CEO of Mittal Steel Company .
Above all , he is the world ’s 3rd richest man and the wealthiest person in Britain .
But was he really born with the same ?
No !
It was his sheer hard - work and brilliant opportunities provided to him that allowed him to be a renowned steel baron in the world .
Of course , India also provided him with his share of prosperity but it was Britain that maximized his chances of getting rich , powerful and honored , with sheer glitter !
Take one more instance : Arnold Schwarzenegger is an immigrant from Austria .
Right now , he is the thirty - eighth governor of California .
He made his own empire .
Of course , there were opportunities too !
The crux of the matter is that opportunities come to everyone .
But the way they come from developed and rich countries , is a different story !
One can become a millionaire in the same time he would have become an accountant or a clerk in his home country .
Opportunities are like plants .
You have to nourish them with your hard work and perfect timings .
Everything depends on how you grab those opportunities and work on them .
And immigration is just one of the mediums to take you an inch closer to your dreams .
Global enterprises trust Outfox to deliver transformative services and solutions in knowledge , data , and technology .
We use machine learning and automation to boost your products , content , and marketing initiatives .
By partnering closely with Google and building on top of their solutions , we take you to the next level and help you outfox your competition .
We are a Google Marketing Platform Sales and Service Partner and deliver solutions built on the Google Cloud Platform .
Outfox is a Merkle company , based in Sweden .
Merkle is a leading data - driven , technology - enabled agency , headquartered in Columbia , Maryland , United States .
Merkle has a presence in more than 50 locations and 9,000 + employees worldwide .
WELCOME TO AZNUDE
We have a large , free , every day growing universe of celebrity nudity where stars from all movies and series shine .
Rachel Maddow is my sweetie
Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Rachel Maddow is my sweetie 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
OK , today I am expressing unconditional love for Rachel Maddow .
Not romantic love , of course , because I 'm definitely not her type - she was named the Hottest Butch of 2009 by something called Sinclair Sexsmith 's Top Hat Butches - but in a cozy and pure intellectual way .
She has her own television program , " The Rachel Maddow Show " - great name - that comes right after " Countdown With Keith Olbermann " on MSNBC .
I like Olbermann because he was the first out - there liberal voice on cable television , both entertaining and combative , but I like Maddow better because , while entertaining , she is not overtly combative .
In fact , she is unfailingly polite , particularly with those guests she disagrees with .
She seems dedicated to restoring civility to public discourse , and lots of people , including people in power , appreciate that about her .
No shouting matches on " The Rachel Maddow Show . "
Also , she often begins her interviews by asking the guests whether her summary of the issues was correct .
This is virtually unheard of in TV news , where the star of the show must , like the pope , always maintain the aura of infallibility .
Another thing in her favor :
She 's funny .
She mocks right - wing ideas by making them seem silly , and she makes space for comic , or at least weird , news items on her show - what she calls " Holy Mackerel Stories . "
Another great occasional feature is " Talk Me Down , " in which she chooses an issue that 's making her crazy and asks an expert on the show to convince her that the sky is not , in fact , falling .
Occasionally , her sense of strategy fails her - she let Pat Buchanan spew his racist garbage for far too long without lobbing a pointed question back - but apparently Buchanan was kind to her when she was pretty much a nobody , and she seems like a loyal person , even to her political enemies .
( Has it occurred to you that , at the moment , Republicans are pretty much a time suck , and maybe we should all just ignore them and get on with trying to figure out the extremely thorny problems facing the nation ?
They 're not helping , on purpose , because they think helping would be bad politics .
Jerks . )
She 's a local girl , Castro Valley born and bred , so there 's another plus .
Here 's a paragraph from her official biography : " Rachel has a doctorate in political science ( she was a Rhodes Scholar ) and a background in HIV / AIDS activism and prison reform .
She shakes a mean cocktail , drives a bright red pickup , hates Coldplay , loves arguing with conservatives , spends a lot of money on AMTRAK tickets , and dresses like a first - grader . "
During her activist phase , she was pretty much a community organizer , but she has been quoted as saying : " I have never and still do n't think of myself as an Obama supporter , either professionally or actually . "
For a long time , the sanity of our republic was kept together by Jon Stewart , which is pretty strange when you think about it , but true anyway .
Somebody had to point out that the emperor had neglected to consult his wardrobe experts .
Stewart was joined by Stephen Colbert and his jujitsu politics , which are classic bits of performance art but not exactly what we needed .
But now we have Rachel Maddow - calm , kind of goofy , occasionally intense , very smart .
She 's a genuine wonk ( particularly on defense issues - her father is a former captain in the Air Force ) and as close to a true intellectual as we 're likely to get on cable TV .
She may not be unbiased , but she 's very careful with her facts .
She 's the one who traced the town hall disruptions back through several layers of corporate shells to lobbyists for the health care industry , and she has tried to shame the mainstream media into reporting on those links .
These shout - downs are not spontaneous expressions of public outrage ; they 're a bullying tactic designed to prevent any reasonable discussion about health care reform .
She was also the only TV news show host , to my knowledge , to concentrate day after day on Sonia Sotomayor 's judicial record as opposed to all the " wise Latina " nonsense .
She wanted to know what kind of judge she 'd be .
Amazing !
Why did n't anyone else think like that ?
She 's an out lesbian , the first one to host a news show , as far as I know , and that 's a hopeful sign to those of us who think that the gay rights movement will win a lot of battles just by being more visible and not demonstrably an agent of Satan .
And she looks like me - not exactly , of course , because she 's 25 years younger and a woman - but she looks like the people I see every day .
Her appearance and her sly grin are themselves an indication that the world has changed .
I 've waited a long time for Rachel Maddow , and I 'm glad she 's arrived .
Break out the flour boys Kelly Clarkson is officially a porker !
Just look at the size of this girl .
Is this some sort of publicity stunt to attract black guys to her music ?
Fat celebrities deserve our ridicule , so lets hear your Kelly Clarkson fat jokes .
Post them in the comments section below .
Earlier today , the moon passed directly in front of the sun , causing a total solar eclipse that crossed nearly half the Earth - through India , Nepal , Bangladesh , Bhutan , Myanmar and China .
Today's was the longest total solar eclipse of the 21st century , lasting as much as 6 minutes and 39 seconds in a few areas .
Despite cloudy skies in many of the populated areas in the path , millions of people gathered outside to gaze up and view this rare event .
Collected here are a few images of the eclipse , and those people who came out to watch .
( 33 photos total
This is an update about cleaning up the GNOME stack for GNOME 3 .
This has also been posted to the desktop - devel mailing list .
This status report refers to the aims listed in the 2.27/2.29 schedule and the automatic statistics available ( which now also covers the Mobile section , hence results can be worse than last time ) .
Maintainers : I have listed available PATCHES AWAITING REVIEW .
Please take a look if your module is listed and review / commit NOW so the changes can receive enough testing for 2.28 .
THE PROBLEMS : What migration paths are missing ?
libgnomeui provides retrieving thumbnails of files .
There is no substitute yet .
This blocks deskbar - applet , gnome - mag , evolution and probably many others .
Currently EggSMClient gets copied into all apps .
That ’s not cool but the way to go until Session Management support in gtk+ gets resolved .
See Thomas ’ blog for a current list .
This list is of course not complete .
Also see LibgnomeMustDie .
Feel encouraged to add your issues .
ZERO modules with Glib - Deprecated - Symbols
NOT COMPLETED ( “ Reopened ” ) now that we also check external deps and the Mobile set :
Still to do : gconf - dbus , evolution - data - server - dbus .
External deps to do : dbus - glib , hal , libnotify , mono .
PATCHES available : dbus - glib , libnotify .
FIXED : farsight2 , libnice , poppler .
Officially ANNOUNCE libglade as deprecated in favor of GtkBuilder
DONE .
Less than 35 modules depending on libglade .
COMPLETED .
low : 25
average : 5 ( dasher , gnome - media , gnome - panel , gok , zenity )
complex : 2 ( gnome - control - center , evolution )
PATCHES awaiting review / commit : gnome - control - center , gdm , gnome - nettool , gnome - mag , gnome - media , gnome - menus , gnome - panel , gnome - session , gnome - system - tools , gtkhtml , sound - juicer , zenity , tracker .
Maintainers please review / commit .
Clear a 11y plan and schedule for 3.0
NOT COMPLETED .
Less than 12 modules depending on libgnome
NOT COMPLETED ( Progress compared to 2.27.1 : 22->15 ) .
low : 10
average : 4 ( Evolution , gnome - media , yelp , anjuta )
complex : 1 ( gok )
Please share experiences and knowledge .
Less than 12 modules depending on libgnomeui
NOT COMPLETED ( Progress compared to 2.27.1 : 15->12 ) .
low : 9
average : 2 ( Evolution - Exchange , gnome - panel )
complex : 1 ( Evolution )
Please share experiences and knowledge .
ZERO modules dependening on gnome-vfs
NOT COMPLETED ( Reopened ) :
average : 1 ( gst- plugins - base )
Gtk - Deprecated - Symbols
low : 8
average : 7 ( gnome - control - center , evolution , gedit , metacity , glade3 , gconf - dbus )
complex : 2 ( gnome - games , gnome - media )
PATCHES awaiting review / commit : gnome - control - center , gedit , metacity , yelp , glade3 , policykit - gnome
Evolution - Data - Server must be migrated to D - Bus by default
NOT COMPLETED .
Evolution schedule currently under discussion .
A Git branch is available .
WebKit status report for 2.27.5
IN PROGRESS .
WebKitGTK + has been proposed as an external dependency .
See d-d-l for the status .
Evolution to get rid of Bonobo by 2.27.3
NOT COMPLETED and postponed for 2.29.1 .
See KillBonobo for the status .
Testing and reporting bugs is HIGHLY welcome .
See Matthew ’s blog for more information .
Complete migration from HAL to DeviceKit -* by 2.27.3
NOT COMPLETED .
According to “ jhbuild rdepends hal – direct ” the following modules still depend on HAL :
More important stuff to take a look at :
Not yet covered in the stats but required to fix are also :
GTK +/ GLib Single includes ( Metabug ) : To Do : gdm , gail PATCHES awaiting review / commit : gnome - mag , gtksourceview
GSEAL : To Do : A lot .
Developers please start taking a look at this .
LibSexy deprecation : To Do : Vino PATCHES awaiting review / commit : anjuta , tracker , PolicyKit- gnome
Nice to fix :
GNOME Showstoppers
For GNOME 2.26/2.28 , I have posted a Showstopper Review earlier this week .
Feel free to take a look , test & help out , get things done .
Other activity
Kudos to the progress that has been made so far !
Getting rid of Popt is basically DONE .
ZERO modules dependening on Esound is DONE .
ZERO modules dependening on Gnomeprint is DONE .
The Website revamp front is rocking , and the Documentation team also has some great momentum currently .
OUP says it will be the largest thesaurus in the world
The world 's largest thesaurus is due to be published this autumn , Oxford University Press has said .
The project began in 1965 and will include almost the entire vocabulary of the English language .
The work was nearly destroyed in a fire in 1978 , but despite the building being gutted , a metal filing cabinet protected the files .
A spokesman said the final tome would contain over 230,000 categories with 800,000 meanings .
Finished book
The thesaurus was nearly completed in 1980 , but the team decided to include words from updated versions of the Oxford English Dictionary .
This added almost 30 years more work to the project .
The finished book will be twice the size of the current Roget 's Thesaurus when it is published in October .
Then we virtually started from scratch with a new system .
That 's why it took so long .
Prof Christian Kay Professor Christian Kay , 69 , one of four co-editors , began working on the book in the late 1960s when she was 27 .
She said : " I did n't think at the time I would be involved 40 years later .
" We started using Roget 's classifications , but it soon became apparent that was n't adequate , as it was n't detailed enough .
" Then we virtually started from scratch with a new system .
That 's why it took so long . "
The thesaurus is divided into 354 categories covering subjects including leisure , education , faith and philosophy .
The eventual plan is to link the project to the online version of the Oxford English Dictionary , but no date has been set for this .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
How to mount a remote ssh filesystem using sshfs October 28 , 2005
Posted by Carthik in ubuntu
SSH is protocol to transfer files securely .
Like FTP , but more secure .
Many hosting services offer their client the ability to remotely login to their hosting account using ssh .
Transferring files to an from an ssh account can be done using the scp command .
However , it would be neat if you could mount a remote folder that you can access using ssh on your local computer , so that you can access files on an ssh account just like they were local files on your pc , right ?
Well now you can !
Mount a folder in an ssh account , edit the files locally and save the files , and the file on the ssh server changes too !
Is n’t it awesome !!!
We will use sshfs to acheive our goal .
The following guide will step you through the process of mouting file systems over ssh on Ubuntu 5.10 Breezy systems .
sshfs : sshfs is a filesystem client based on the SSH File Transfer Protocol .
Since most SSH servers already support this protocol it is very easy to set up : i.e. on the server side there ’s nothing to do .
On the client side mounting the filesystem is as easy as logging into the server with ssh .
Install sshfs by doing a :
$ sudo apt - get install sshfs
This will also install fuse - utils and libfuse2 , which are required .
Now , let us create a local directory where you want the files mounted .
You should create the directory and make yourseld the owner of the directory :
$ sudo mkdir /media/dir-name
$ sudo chown your - username / media / dir - name
Where “ dir- name ” is the name of the directory on your local computer where you want to access the files from the remote computer .
Say I want the files on the server to be available at / media / home - pc .
I want this because the “ server ” in this case is the desktop I have at home , which allows me to access it through ssh .
Let us use “ home - pc ” as an example for this guide .
“ your - username ” is your username on the local computer .
Go to System -> Administration -> Users and Groups , select the group “ fuse ” and then add yourself to this group .
If you prefer to do it the easy way , on the commandline , then use
$ sudo adduser your - username fuse
I do n’t want to provide a terminal command for adding yourself to a group since there does n’t seem to be an easy way to add yourself or any user to a group .
The only command I know of is the usermod - G command and for this command , you need to list all the groups the user should belong too , even the ones that he / she is already a member of !
Anyone know any better on how to add a user to a new group , without having to know what groups he / she is already a member of ?
Thanks Shot .
For security reasons , the /usr / bin / fusermount binary is installed in such a way that users cannot execute it .
You will have to log out and log in again , to add yourself to the group “ fuse ” .
Once you have done the above , you can use sshfs to mount the directory you need on the remote host to your local system !
For example , say I want to mount the “ / stuff ” directory on my home - run server , which has the domain name “ example.com ” .
I would do it by executing the following command :
$ sshfs example.com:/stuff /media/home-pc
Where “ / stuff ” is the folder on the computer with the domain name “ example.com ” , which I want to mount and access on my local computer at the location / media / home - pc .
Remember that the / media / home - pc directory must exist and be owned by you , the user .
I already mentioned how to do this in the initial part of this guide .
If you get the following error :
fusermount : fuse device not found , try ‘ modprobe fuse ’ first
You will have to load the fuse module by doing :
$ sudo modprobe fuse
You can add fuse to the modules that are loaded on startup by editing the file / etc / modules and adding a line with only the word “ fuse ” in it , at the end .
and then issue the sshfs command above again .
To unmount the directory once your work is done , use the command :
$ fusermount -u
for example , in my case , I would use
$ fusermount -u /media/home-pc
Hat tip : Jorge
More Info : SSH filesystem
( adapted from a comment I made in discussion following an earlier SOB entry )
The right to keep and bear arms , protected by the Second Amendment of the United States Constitution , was written primarily for two purposes rather than simply left to the assumption that a right to property would protect such a subordinate right in and of itself :
to ensure the security of a free nation from foreign aggressors even in the absence of standing armies to ensure the security of a free nation against its own government ’s excesses
One might ask :
Are we really at that point where we have to arm ourselves with military weapons in case our own government turns on us ?
I feel compelled to ask in return :
Have we not always been at that point ?
The fact of the matter is that , if we waive our right to arm ourselves with modern weapons of war ( whether explicitly or implicitly ) , any tyrannical government that may arise will certainly not allow us to assert that right once again when we need it .
Once ceded , we can not so easily reclaim it , and more lives may be lost in defense of liberty against some future tyrannical government than would otherwise be necessary .
As John Philpot Curran said :
It is the common fate of the indolent to see their rights become a prey to the active .
The condition upon which God hath given liberty to man is eternal vigilance ; which condition if he break , servitude is at once the consequence of his crime and the punishment of his guilt .
The common summary of that statement , erroneously attributed to Thomas Jefferson , is “ The price of freedom is eternal vigilance . ”
The extent to which we allow that vigilance to wane is the extent to which our additional sweat and — quite literally — blood must be spent to purchase our liberty anew .
To ensure liberty for our lifetime and for those that follow , we must not only watch our elected representatives , demand that our liberties be respected and protected , and exhort others to do the same , but also prepare to defend those liberties with our lives and the lives of those who would take them from us .
Se vis pacem para bellum ; to secure the peace , we must prepare for war .
One may have legitimate concerns for a public safety downside to allowing civilians to keep and bear modern military arms :
What if someone goes postal ?
Would not the Virginia Tech shooting , the Columbine High School shooting , or a literal postal shooting , be much worse if perpetrated with fully automatic military arms ?
Would n’t it make more sense to limit such acts to the damage that can be done with a six - shot revolver instead , if we cannot reasonably bar ownership of firearms altogether ?
Of course , such a limitation would greatly reduce the effectiveness of an armed populace as a deterrent to the growth of tyranny in government .
Even if the only answer we can give such questions is that we must count such dangers as part of the price of freedom , I feel that is answer enough .
There is more we can offer as answer than that , though .
The truth is that this public safety downside of military arms in the hands of civilians is not nearly so terrible as one might think .
The truth is that cases such as the Virginia Tech , Columbine High School , and post office shootings could not reasonably have resulted in much greater loss of life — if it would be any greater at all — just because more than one shot per trigger pull was possible .
A greater cost in property damage would be likely , but spraying a room with automatic fire is not particularly more likely to kill people than taking aimed shots in quick succession with a semi-automatic firearm .
The value of fully automatic firearms is greatly exaggerated in film , for instance , for most circumstances .
It is highly valuable in military engagements where suppressive fire , concealed targets , indistinct targets , and hardened targets are the norm , but not so much in killing sprees in the hallways of a building .
In fact , the typically greater weight and ammunition demands of automatic military arms could actually serve to hinder such a “ postal ” murderer .
Even more important to understanding how little additional damage one might expect is the fact that there are many other things we allow civilians to own and operate without a second thought , including large cargo vehicles such as moving vans , cleaning chemicals , and the tools of mass communication — any of which could conceivably produce far greater harm and terror in the hands of someone who has gone “ postal ” than a machine gun .
Then , of course , there is the rapid end to a rampage with a machine gun that could result from another armed civilian with better intentions who happens to be on the scene , while the police are still twenty minutes away .
There were no armed students on the scene at Virginia Tech to bring the killing spree there to a premature end ; there were no armed teachers at Columbine High School to bring the killing spree there to a premature end , either .
It took Eastern bloc countries decades to reach the point of its essentially bloodless revolution , toppling the final remnants of the Soviet regime that had ruled there for most of the 20th Century .
That revolution occurred where there were more - free countries elsewhere insinuating their ideals into the Soviet Union through communications media and commerce , and they were only able to do so very effectively because there was a long period of liberalization ( in the prescriptive , rather than modern politically descriptive , sense ) that preceded the end of the Soviet Union .
Consider the generations of crushingly oppressive rule under Stalin , where people were far too afraid to even voice their fears because it might lead to being “ vanished ” , whisked away to the gulags , let alone demand any change in government .
It is only when the weight of tyranny was lightened enough to allow a blodless rebellion to occur — with the complicity of the government itself , in fact — that such a change was possible in the former Soviet Union .
The new direction of the Soviet Union was not so much a bloodless rebellion by the general populace , because it was spawned more at the top than the bottom .
Terms such as “ glasnost ” and “ perestroika ” may be good places to start a search for more information on the subject .
I , for one , would rather have the opportunity to end a tyrannical reign before hundreds of millions of people were murdered by it , rather than wait generations for it to dismantle itself after hundreds of millions have already died , as they did at the hands of Stalin ’s Union of Soviet Socialist Republics .
A bloodless revolution after a long and bloody reign is not superior to a bloody revolution that sets things right before the first hundred million have died for nothing .
There is another option , however : eternal vigilance , never faltering .
The best bloodless revolution is the revolution in thought that ensures we are forearmed against tyranny , aware of our government ’s actions and involved in setting them right , so that the need for a bloody revolution never arises in the first place .
This , really , is the most important reason to not only fight for our right to keep and bear arms , but practice what that right affords us .
xmonad : A Tiling Window Manager
xmonad is a tiling window manager for X. Windows are arranged automatically to tile the screen without gaps or overlap , maximising screen use .
Window manager features are accessible from the keyboard : a mouse is optional .
xmonad is written , configured and extensible in Haskell .
Custom layout algorithms , key bindings and other extensions may be written by the user in config files .
Layouts are applied dynamically , and different layouts may be used on each workspace .
Xinerama is fully supported , allowing windows to be tiled on several physical screens .
Quick Start
From hackage : cabal update cabal install xmonad xmonad- contrib
Alternatively , build from source using the following repositories : https://github.com/xmonad/xmonad
https://github.com/xmonad/xmonad-contrib
For the full story , read on .
Building
Building is quite straightforward , and requires a basic Haskell toolchain .
On many systems xmonad is available as a binary package in your package system ( e.g. on Debian or Gentoo ) .
If at all possible , use this in preference to a source build , as the dependency resolution will be simpler .
We 'll now walk through the complete list of toolchain dependencies .
GHC : the Glasgow Haskell Compiler
You first need a Haskell compiler .
Your distribution 's package system will have binaries of GHC ( the Glasgow Haskell Compiler ) , the compiler we use , so install that first .
If your operating system 's package system does n't provide a binary version of GHC and the cabal - install tool , you can install both using the Haskell Platform .
It should n't be necessary to compile GHC from source -- every common system has a pre-build binary version .
However , if you want to build from source , the following links will be helpful : GHC : http://haskell.org/ghc/
Cabal : http://haskell.org/cabal/download.html
X11 libraries :
Since you 're building an X application , you 'll need the C X11 library headers .
On many platforms , these come pre-installed .
For others , such as Debian , you can get them from your package manager : # for xmonad $ apt - get install libx11 - dev libxinerama - dev libxext - dev libxrandr - dev libxss - dev # for xmonad - contrib $ apt - get install libxft - dev
Then build and install with :
$ cabal install
Running xmonad
If you built XMonad using cabal then add :
exec $ HOME/.cabal/bin/xmonad
to the last line of your .xsession or .xinitrc file .
Configuring
See the CONFIG document and the example configuration file .
XMonadContrib
There are many extensions to xmonad available in the XMonadContrib ( xmc ) library .
Examples include an ion3 - like tabbed layout , a prompt / program launcher , and various other useful modules .
XMonadContrib is available at :
Other Useful Programs
A nicer xterm replacement , that supports resizing better :
For custom status bars :
For a program dispatch menu :
Authors
With the decade winding down , let ’s take a look back at … the 90s .
Oh , the memories .
So not to flood this list with , say , 5 songs by Green Day , for example , each band will appear only once with its 90s signature song , listed alphabetically by song .
I ’m purposely leaving out heavy metal acts ( my favorite ) , and bands such as Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers and Aerosmith that put out great albums during the 90s but are not really known as ’ 90s ’ bands .
1979 – Smashing Pumpkins
The 90s would n’t have been the same without the Smashing Pumpkins , and there were many songs to chose from , but I ’d say this was the most popular .
Who ’da thunk that a guy who looks like Uncle Fester would be the lead singer of a popular band .
3 A.M. Matchbox 20
Bawitdaba – Kid Rock
To me , this is Kid Rock ’s one and only good song .
This should have been included on Gunaxin ’s Top Ten Songs to Fight to list .
Bittersweet Symphony – The Verve
The best part of the film Cruel Intentions .
Black Hole Sun – Soundgarden
Again , many songs to choose from but Black Hole Sun rocked the most .
Bound for the Floor – Local H
And you just dont get it
You keep it copacetic
And you learn to accept it
You know its so pathetic
Clumsy – Our Lady Peace
Creep – Radiohead
Cumbersome – Seven Mary Three
This song has the coolest guitar riff to start a song .
Everlong – Foo Fighters
Good to see Dave Grohl prove once and for all that Kurt Cobain was n’t the only musical genius in Nirvana .
Far Behind – Candlebox
I saw this band live , filling in for Alice in Chains , with Metallica as the headliner .
Though Candlebox has some decent songs , that was the wrong crowd for this band .
Firestarter – The Prodigy
Smack My Bitch
Up is also cool .
Fat of the Land is a great album from start to finish .
Fly – Sugar Ray
Fly Away – Lenny Kravitz
I like this one better than Are You Gonna Go My Way but close enough .
Hey Man , Nice Shot – Filter
Hold My Hand – Hootie and the Blowfish
Gotta put Hootie in here .
Everyone thought this band would last but they only put out one good album .
Ugh .
I Alone – Live
Take your pick of hits from this band ( I ’m more partial to Lightning Crashes ) , but I ’d say I hear I Alone on the radio today more than other Live songs .
If You Could Only See – Tonic
Iris – Goo Goo Dolls
Jeremy – Pearl Jam
Ten is one of the best albums I ’ve ever heard , and this song stands above them all .
Loser – Beck
Losing My Religion – R.E.M .
Machinehead – Bush
Another great album , and several hit songs to choose from , but this one rocked the hardest .
Man in the Box – Alice in Chains
Another Seattle band , this one a lot harder and perhaps belongs in the heavy metal category , but several of their songs have a soft side .
Mr. Jones – Counting Crows
My Own Prison – Creed
Nookie – Limp Bizkit
I ’m not a fan of this band at all but I ’ll give Fred Durst credit for making a name for himself in the 90s and headlining those Family Values tours .
Plush – Stone Temple Pilots
Lots of hits by this band as well .
Popular – Nada Surf
I ’m not sure if this was a hit in the 90s but when I got a hold of it and realized it was the soundtrack to my high school life ( 1991 - 1994 ) , I had to put it on here .
Runaway Train – Soul Asylum
Self Esteem – The Offspring
Love The Offspring , and lots of hits to choose from .
Ixnay on the Hombre … yeah buddy .
Semi-Charmed Life – Third Eye Blind
Silent Lucidity – Queensryche
This does n’t sound like a 90s song to me but it ’s so good I could n’t resist putting it here .
Smells Like Teen Spirit – Nirvana
The decade of music did n’t begin until Kurt Cobain and company played this song on Saturday Night Live , putting a nail in the coffin of 80s glam metal , making Seattle the Mecca of grunge and spurning countless imitators .
Sober – Tool
I never really got into this band , and did n’t even enjoy their concert when I saw them in Baltimore several years ago , but Sober is such a good song that I ’d hate to leave it off this list .
Schism rocks too but that was n’t until the 00s .
Stupid Girl – Garbage
This self - titled album is a masterpiece .
Oh yeah , and Shirley Manson is HOT .
Tomorrow – Silverchair
An imitation grunge band .
Still , this song sounds good , though .
Touch , Peel and Stand – Days of the New
Tubthumping – Chumbawamba
I get knocked down !
Two Princes – Spin Doctors
Under the Bridge – Red Hot Chili Peppers
I ’d say this is one of the top ten songs ever .
Violet – Hole
I ’m convinced that Kurt Cobain wrote this album and Courtney Love just sang the songs .
Violet and Doll Parts sounds exactly like Nirvana .
Walkin ’ on the Sun – Smash Mouth
This band got even bigger when the Shrek came out .
Welcome to Paradise – Green Day
Of all the 2 - minute songs that Green Day put out that got airplay , I ’d say Paradise was the most popular , closely followed by Basket Case .
What Do I Have to Do ? – Stabbing Westward
What I Got – Sublime
What It ’s Like – Everlast
To think this is the same guy who sang that House of Pain song Jump Around .
Wonderwall – Oasis
Oasis had a few other hits and at one point were deemed ‘ The next Beatles ’ but a falling out between the Gallagher brothers did this band in .
You Outta Know – Alanis Morissette
Alanis put out one of the top selling albums of all time , fueled by a song about going down on a guy in a theater .
Zombie – The Cranberries
Ultimately a band that played soft music , The Cranberries had their share of harder songs which somehow got mixed in with the same crowd that liked to mosh .
I remember hearing about a concert where the crowd got so unruly that they stopped the show mid-song .
Last week , as you remember , I wrote a letter to the editor of The Dodge County News regarding the T.E.A .
Party tax rally held by some private organizers and citizens of Eastman , GA .
That letter can be found in it ’s entirety
Here along with various comments from locals and my internet friends ..
The Dodge County News runs weekly , every Wednesday and when I got my paper yesterday I was delighted to see that there was nearly a full page in total dedicated to answering my letter .
I am going to post these answers and reply to them here rather than write another letter to the editor because I simply do not want to continue monopolizing the space of the paper , but I do want the Dodge County News to know that I am eternally grateful for their inclusion of my letter and it ’s responses – the media is so often either a lame duck or a slanted medium to push policies and opinions of it ’s editors that I find it very refreshing that even in my small conservative town a voice of dissent ( and in my opinion a voice of reason ) is not silenced despite the pressures that the editor may receive from various parties .
It means a LOT to me that they allowed my voice to be heard and that tells me that this paper is one of integrity – Dodge County is lucky to have it .
I am breaking this up into two separate posts because this entry will be over 5000 words if I do not , the two shorter responses will be on this post and a very long response from the pastor that was a target of my original TEA Party letter will be on another post .
July Fourth – Religious Holiday ?
The first response I would like to reply to is one that comes from a misunderstanding of the writer , and evidently a few other folks .
While at the TEA party there was an individual standing outside the grounds at which the rally was being held that started yelling at Rev .
Hicks , the speaker that I spent most of my letter complaining about , things that were pretty well in agreement with what I said in my letter .
The individual yelled something to the effect of , “ What the hell does this have to do with taxes ? ” among other things that I could n’t quite make out .
Though I agree with the general sentiment of the heckler ( as I will call him henceforth ) , that heckler was not I nor was it anyone within my company at the time .
The most protesting I did whilst at the rally was shaking my head at some of the things the speakers were saying , but I did not yell or interrupt the speakers at any point .
The letter is as follows :
Editor ,
There was a letter in the paper July 8,2009 addressing the contents of the T.E.A. party held on July 4 , 2009 .
The person that wrote the article would , by his actions , like to silence the tone on born again Christians .
The 4th of July holiday was picked by those that planned the gathering with the intention of giving a Christian tone , because the 4th of July is a holiday that is celebrated across our nation thanking God for the privilege of assemble .
I was one of the people that was in the planning , paying my money and time to have the right to select the speakers that we wanted and giving the right to even an atheist the privilege to attend .
Take notice that we did advertise that we would have barbecue , yet this intruder elected not to participate .
He brought his own and stayed out of the venue that had been reserved for the TEA Party .
By his actions , his purpose was not to come and listen , but was to cause trouble .
The 4th of July is a holiday that was selected for Christians to assemble , and if the atheist that wrote the article really wants to organize something for his cause , he should locate and rent an old phone booth and invite all that wants to hear him .
He could hold this gathering on the atheist holiday , which is April 1 .
At least he would n’t be bothered by any born again Christians to heckle him .
In closing , Mr. Oxley has the right to be wrong .
JW ( Initials for privacy ) Source Click MORE to keep reading
As I have already stated , I was not the individual heckling at the rally .
I was standing smack dab in the middle of the rally area listening as dutifully as the individuals around me would allow – though I came alone there was a lady there with her friends and family that got into a conversation with me .
This lady was an evangelical Christian and she herself expressed her distaste for the religious nature of the speeches and the rally in general calling it , “ Too much ” and “ not the right way to go about it . ”
You are correct about me not eating any of the barbecue that was available , I did want some but I had no money with me and my in - laws had a supper planned for that night .
This was the only reason that I did not partake .
Therefore my intent was to listen and participate , yes I did fear that the rally would be highly religious but I wanted to give the respect of doubting my intuition to the organizers and speakers – sadly the test was failed .
I caused no trouble whatsoever until I got home and decided to write the original letter .
I am disturbed by your implication that July 4th is at all a religious holiday or that it has anything at all to do with thanking god for anything .
It disturbs me because I would expect an organizer of a protest rally to have a basic working knowledge of our government and it ’s history .
July 4th is celebrated in America as Independence Day marking the date in 1776 when the Declaration of Independence was approved by the Continental Congress marking our freedom from the Kingdom of Great Britain .
It was not and never has been a religious holiday and there is no reason for anyone to think that a TEA party being held on that day would be overtly Christian in nature .
Regarding “ Atheists Day ” being the same as April Fools day , I have already dealt with this insulting accusation twice on this website :
The truth still remains , you may have advertised barbecue , but you did not advertise the rally as a Theocratic promotion in any way whatsoever .
“ In God We Trust ” and Lying Lips
The second letter that appeared in the July 15th edition of the Dodge County News follows :
Dear Editor , I would like to reply to Mr. Oxley ’s opinion .
To start off , I would like to pray for you .
I am so sorry that your soul is lost and you do n’t know God .
You pass judgment on the preacher of Solid Rock Church .
You are wrong .
He is a very godly man .
If you would take the time to read the Bible , you would know that the Lord detests lying lips but he delights in men who are truthful .
A prudent man keeps his knowledge to himself but the heart of fools blurts out folly .
To end this , please look on a dollar bill .
It tells you “ in God we trust . ”
Eastman , we need God back so continue praying and coming together as God ’s people .
We can win .
P.S. Come and join us at Solid Rock Church of God .
Thank you , LP Source
Never , at any point , have I called Rev. Hicks “ ungodly ” – I have no doubt in my mind that he is a man of integrity and one having the best of intentions .
I do n’t see at any point that I passed judgment on the man himself but rather on the speech that he gave and its contents .
I have a problem with the focus of a tax rally being a return to Christian morals , as if this country was founded upon that in the first place .
I have read the Bible , many times from cover to cover , done countless word studies , spent countless hours defining and defending “ cardinal ” “ sound ” “ orthodox ’ doctrine .
I would say that the Bible is the single most destructive thing to Christianity for more reasons than I can list .
There is a website that lists quite a few good reasons though , The Skeptics Annotated Bible .
Give that a ponder and see why I do n’t really cato a more religious state of mind even then it was only found on some coinage .
The dollar bill did not receive the slogan until the 1950 ’s , just a few years before the Gold Standard was discontinued and Federal Reserve Notes became the dominant currency .
These notes are only backed by a promise from the Federal Reserve Bank and the motto that those banking heads trust in god .
Coincidentally the value of the dollar has been plummeting quickly since these events occurred .
Perhaps we should trust less in God and more in gold , silver , platinum , and copper ; all being tangible things of real value .
In response to your invitation to visit the church , I may just do that some day .
I have been once before many years ago when I was searching for a church that was congruent with my former Full Gospel , Charismatic , and strictly orthodox beliefs .
Thank you for your response and your well intentioned prayer .
in the next post you will read the Pastor ’s response to my letter , and my responses to him .
Please comment , tweet , digg , stumble , and reddit these posts .
Keep reading : My Gripe with the TEA Party : The Pastor Responds
" The data presented in this report indicate that many young persons in the United States engage in sexual risk behaviour and experience negative reproductive health outcomes . "
That is the very clinical and polite way a new Centre for Disease Control and Prevention report introduces its finding that rates of teen pregnancy and STDs are , after more than a decade of decline , once again on the rise .
This news is , of course , not really news at all .
When former president George Bush was still pushing for more funding for abstinence - only sex education programmes in November 2007 , it was immediately after a study by the National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy found that comprehensive sex ed programmes – which included contraception information as an integral feature – were most effective at preventing teen pregnancy .
And that was six months after the Guttmacher Institute reported that " a nine - year , $ 8 m evaluation of federally funded abstinence - only - until - marriage programmes found that these programmes have no beneficial impact on young people 's sexual behaviour , " and three years after congressman Henry Waxman requested a report ( pdf ) which found that over 80 % of the [ abstinence - only sex ed ] curricula reviewed was found to contain " false , misleading , or distorted information about reproductive health , " effectively ensuring that pregnancy rates and STDs would rise .
It was also a year after another report found that the increased number of unwanted pregnancies was disproportionately concentrated in impoverished communities : " Women living in poverty are now almost four times more likely to become pregnant unintentionally than women of greater means . "
The new CDC report notes that " Every effort was made to present the data in a consistent manner with regard to age groups , race / ethnicity , sex and geographic location , " leaving an explicit investigation of poverty out of the equation altogether – though its findings indicate that American teens whose race / ethnicity and / or geographic location suggest a greater likelihood of poverty are also the most likely demographic to have increased rates of unwanted pregnancy and STDs .
Both pregnancy and Aids rates are higher among Hispanic and non-Hispanic black young women aged 15 - 19 than any other ethnic group .
Chlamydia , gonorrhea and syphilis were highest among non-Hispanic black young women and men aged 10 - 24 .
And the southern states " tend to have the highest rates of negative sexual and reproductive health outcomes , including early pregnancy and STDs . "
The Bush - era insistence on catastrophically inefficacious abstinence - only programmes did not only see a race - and income - based divergence in its effects domestically , but internationally , too .
Like the global gag rule , which restricted US government funding to NGOs that provided abortion counselling or services abroad , Bush 's much - lauded Pepfar ( President 's Emergency Plan for Aids Relief ) programme made a condition of its funding that one - third go to abstinence - only campaigns – though , in practice , fully " two - thirds of the money for the prevention of the sexual spread of HIV [ went ] to abstinence , " with tragic results among black and poor populations in Africa .
All of which puts me in mind of a recent interview I read with US supreme court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg , in which she says :
Reproductive choice has to be straightened out .
There will never be a woman of means without choice anymore .
That just seems to me so obvious .
The states that had changed their abortion laws before Roe [ to make abortion legal ] are not going to change back .
So we have a policy that affects only poor women , and it can never be otherwise , and I do n't know why this has n't been said more often .
I suppose it 's because the people who most have something to say about it , poor women , are the ones least likely to have access to a platform from which saying it ensures they 'll be heard – possibly because they 're too busy dealing with their tendency to " experience negative reproductive health outcomes " , care of policies drawn by people for whom compassion was never more than just another bit of convenient political rhetoric .
Music , Mustaches and Marijuana Collide In Idiotic LP Smuggling Attempt From 1979
SANTA FE , N.M. , June 5 ( UPI ) --
An 8 - year - old boy from Santa Fe County , N.M. , has died from the bubonic plague and his 10 - year - old sister is undergoing treatment , health officials say .
The New Mexico Department of Health says these are the first human plague cases this year in the United States .
New Mexico's last plague death was in Bernalillo County , which includes Albuquerque , in 2007 .
Advertisement
In the latest case , the boy , whose name was withheld , died within the past few days , Deborah Busemeyer , health department communications director , told the Albuquerque Journal .
Bubonic plague is not contagious , Busemeyer said , but rather a bacterial disease of rodents generally transmitted to humans through the bites of infected fleas .
But , she said , it can also be transmitted by direct contact with infected animals , including pets , rodents and wildlife .
Rainbow Warriors – past , present and future
by Chuck Baclagon
From Making Waves
We are excited about the creation of a new Greenpeace ship – the Rainbow Warrior III .
Having just signed a contract for the build of this state - of - the - art vessel – three crew members from the Rainbow Warrior I and II take us back in time briefly – as we look forward to seeing this legend continue .
Bunny McDiarmid , executive Director of Greenpeace in New Zealand , talks about her memories of life on board the original Rainbow Warrior as a deckhand …
I can still see in my mind ’s eye and often do , the grain of the wooden decks of the old Warrior , I can remember their feel underfoot , and the smell of the black tar when the sun hit them .
I first joined her as a deckhand in 1984 in Jacksonville , Florida in a godforsaken boat yard in the backofbeyond .
We were turning her from a motor boat into a sailing boat .
And she turned beautifully .
And it was the ‘ we ’ , the 12 crew and 5 or 6 dedicated volunteers that did it all over the course of 4 - 5 months .
The doing of this welded us to her and to each other .
I remember Ulla the 24 year old danish fitter and turner who redid all the welding on the chain plates after the yard guys buggered it up .
I remember Henk skill sawing the aluminum bridge wings off so we could mount winches for the main sheet , I remember all of us walking the stays of the main mast as she swung over the yard into her sleeve on the main deck .
I remember sitting braced on the main deck as we sailed through the night repairing the mainsail on an old sewing machine and I remember how fast we could unscrew all the bolts holding down the benches in the mess and push them into the companionway so that we had enough room for dancing .
No campaign office , there was just the mess and the radio room off the bridge .
No email just a clamour for the mail when we arrived in Hawaii after two weeks at sea .
I did not know much about Greenpeace when I joined the Warrior , I just liked what she was going to do – an anti nuclear campaign in the Pacific .
The first stop was helping 350 Rongelap islanders move from their home island to another island 40 miles away because of the radiation contamination from US nuclear testing .
It took us 11 days and nights and three trips to do it – one trip we had 150 people on board – we would never get away with this today – and she was packed to the gills with people and their belongings , piled high and lashed down on deck , filling the holds , filling every cabin and spare space .
It was a great introduction into the heart of Greenpeace .
Boats are important to Greenpeace , they are extraordinary tools of our trade , making the invisible visible , often they are what connects us all , and the crew is certainly a strong expression of our internationalism .
We will never all agree what is the next best Rainbow Warrior to have but I am glad we are building her .
–bunny
Pete Willcox , photographed below back in 1985 when he was captain of the Rainbow Warrior I .
Here he shares a few thoughts and memories with us …
I am indeed glad to hear that Rainbow Warrior 3 will become a reality .
I joined the first RW , called R’dub by the crew , in 1981 .
She was my home for four years until she was blown up in New Zealand .
There were good times and not so good times .
But those four years are some of the strongest memories of my life .
From going up to the head of the Gulf of St. Lawrence in February , breaking and getting stuck in ice all the way for a seal campaign , to getting arrested for piracy in Peru , to loosing seven crew members in a Siberia during a whaling action , to the most memorable , helping the people of Rongalap in the Marshall Island move to a new non radioactive home .
Almost the first thing I did onboard was help replace the old engines with new , and one of the last was put up the sailing rig .
I knew every nut and bolt of the R’dub .
In a life time of boats , she is my favorite .
The second RW was bigger , faster and a better sailor that the first .
In her twenty odd year career , she has sailed all over the world and served Greenpeace well .
The RWIII is the first boat we have designed and built from the keel up – suitable for the high seas .
Undoubtedly , Gerry Dijkstra and Partners have designed a boat that is going to sail like the wind .
It will be very exciting .
And I have no doubt she will sail the planet as her namesakes , carrying out the various missions the organization feels are important .
I remember clearly some thought the second RW was too new and pretty to be used in hard actions .
I am sure that if anyone is thinking that about the new boat , that thought will go away as quickly as it did on the old boat .
Because as I write this from northern Greenland on the Arctic Sunrise , it is very apparent we have no time to loose .
– P. Willcox
Madeleine Habib , pictured below , has been an activist , 2nd and 1st mate , and recently captain for our ships .
Below she shares some of her fondest memories of the Rainbow Warrior II .
There was a time when the place I felt most at home was on the bridge of the Rainbow Warrior II .
I embroidered two cushions on with “ molas ” from the San Blas Islands near Panama , and they made the bridge seem like a cosy place to be .
I once planted a sunflower seed in a pot on the bridge .
I found the seed in Buenos Aires , Argentina and by the time we reached Vera Cruz , Mexico there was a gorgeous golden flower peering out the bridge window .
We all know that Rainbow Warrior II is an old ship with limitations & the building of Rainbow Warrior III is something that we have been talking about for years .
It will be a huge task for Greenpeace to take on the construction of a new vessel .
But for the first time we will have a purpose built vessel , specifically designed for campaigning and action on the high seas .
It is time for Greenpeace to have a powerful sailing vessel for making ocean passages , new systems for safe and efficient boat launching , and facilities for hosting public events on board .
I look forward to being proud of our energy efficient flagship .
Mad
Check out more details on the new Rainbow Warrior here
Read more Rainbow Warrior stories here .
If you have ever seen the Rainbow Warrior , or been on board .
Please tell us about it by submitting a comment .
Thanks !
Lisa
CHENEY : WE DID NOT USE ELECTRIC DRILL TO FORCE TOM RIDGE TO INCREASE TERROR ALERT
Cheney : ' That little snitch popped it up to orange alert without needing persuasion . '
Satire by R J Shulman
BUNKER SPRINGS , Wyoming - ( PTSD News ) - Former Vice President [ sic ]
Dick Cheney lashed out at those that assert he used so - called enhanced interrogation to force former Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge to increase the national security - threat level before important elections .
" That little snitch popped it up to orange alert without needing persuasion , " Cheney said , " although , he did scream like a little girl when I showed him that Photoshopped picture of him and Larry Craig in Minneapolis . "
Ridge has claimed in his new book , " The Test of Our Times : America Under Siege . . . and How We Can Be Safe Again , " that the White House pressured him into raising color - coded terror alert levels before elections to help the Republicans .
Former President [ sic ] George W. Bush confirmed Cheney 's account .
" I remembered to recall that Dick was disappointicated he did n't get to use a waterboard or that custom - made spring - loaded electric porcupine on Ridge , " Bush said .
" Dick told me that after he showed the photo of that airport bathroom stall to ol '
Tom , Ridge broke down faster than a used Yugo . "
" I can't believe how stupid those Democrats are , " said Karl Rove , who had advised the Bush White House to use the terror alerts for political gain .
" They have this great chance to go to level orange to scare the country into their socialized medicine and all they talk about is being green . "
Democratic Representative Dennis Kucinich of Ohio has asked for a special prosecutor to look into the use of phony photos to interrogate political enemies .
However , Ron Koehler , a spokesperson for President Barack Obama , says Obama is not interested in " looking backward " to see whether or not Ridge cried like a baby .
" Instead , " Koehler said , " the president plans to move forward , because the American people are interested in terror alert changes they can believe in .
26 Aug 2009 Visit R J Shulman on MySpace *****
To receive breaking news alerts from us , click here or the icon below .
Email this page to a friend .
Permanent URL for this page : http://www.legitgov.org/shulman_cheney_no_drill_on_ridge_260809.html
CLG Index
The Octothorp Press takes its name and logo from the printer 's traditional name for a very common mark , the # .
You probably know this glyph by one of its other names : the number , numeral , or pound sign — or ( if you 're a developer ) the hash .
The word " octothorp " is so obscure that is n't even in the Oxford English Dictionary ( first or second editions ) .
Here 's how the typographic stylist and philosopher Robert Bringhurst defines " octothorp " in his brilliant Elements of Typographic Style ( p. 282 ) : Otherwise known as the numeral sign .
It has also been used as a symbol for the pound avoirdupois , but this usage is now archaic .
In cartography , it is also a symbol for village : eight fields around a central square , and this is the source of its name .
Octothorp means eight fields .
This kind of etymology usually raises red flags of suspicion — and rightly so .
But we can testify that we 've seen the octothorp on maps used in exactly the way Bringhurst says .
( We 'll try to add an image here showing this , when we can . )
The octothorp is a fitting symbol for this Press because of its multi-layered history and meaning .
On the one hand , it 's a venerable mark with a name derived from Old English .
But it smacks of modern technology in its association with the telephone ( one medium of communication the Octothorp Press does n't deal in explicitly , by the way ) .
Indeed , even though we traffic in words , we publish almost entirely digitally ( online or by digital typesetting and printing , with only occasional forays into true ink or mixed media ) , so the numeral sign hints at the underlying ones and zeroes that make all this happen .
Texts are like textiles , woven lines that grip each other ( and us ) as they cross and twist , and the octothorp looks like four strands of warp and woof .
But it also resembles a table of data , and so suggests another of the Press 's passions : data graphics in the tradition of Edward Tufte .
( See our Recommendations for more along these lines . )
That 's how the Octothorp Press gets its name . #
The octothorp glyph that became the basis for the Press 's logo comes from Font Diner 's face " Dry Cleaners . "
( CNN ) -- The Queen of the Blues is dead .
Koko Taylor performs in Spain in 2005 .
Her last performance was in May of this year .
Koko Taylor , a West Tennessee sharecropper 's daughter who went to Chicago , Illinois , with " 35 cents and a box of Ritz Crackers " at 24 and wound up an award - winning blues legend , died Wednesday at her Chicago home at 80 .
She died of complications from a May 19 surgery for gastrointestinal bleeding , her Web site reported .
Just days before the surgery , Taylor won her 29th Blues Music Award , picking up the trophy for Traditional Female Blues Artist Of the Year .
She performed her signature song , " Wang Dang Doodle , " at the ceremony .
Known for her powerful vocals , Taylor was inducted into the Blues Hall of Fame in 1997 , won the Blues Foundation Lifetime Achievement Ward in 1999 and was awarded a National Endowment for the Arts National Heritage Fellowship in 2004 .
She also won a Grammy Award for Best Traditional Blues Album in 1985 for her album " Queen of the Blues . "
Do n't Miss WGN : Inspired by ' Big Mama ' Thornton
Taylor was born Cora Walton and picked up the nickname " Koko " because of her love of chocolate as a child .
She also displayed a love of singing from an early age .
She and her future husband , the late Robert " Pops " Taylor , traveled to Chicago in 1952 , where Pops Taylor worked for a packing company while Koko Taylor cleaned houses .
By night , the two roamed Chicago 's blues clubs , where Koko Taylor sat in with top bands and was soon a popular guest artist .
But it took 10 years for Koko Taylor to record on her own , after Willie Dixon got her signed to Chess Records and produced several singles , including " Wang Dang Doodle . "
Taylor landed a permanent home with Alligator Records when Chess was sold in 1975 .
Her final performance was the May 7 blues award show , but earlier in the year she performed at the Kennedy Center Honors program honoring actor Morgan Freeman .
Throughout her lengthy career , she shared the stage with nearly every blues performer imaginable , from Junior Wells and B.B. King to Taj Mahal and Muddy Waters .
She was a strong influence to later performers , including Bonnie Raitt and Janis Joplin .
Survivors include Taylor 's husband , Hays Harris , daughter Joyce Threatt , son - in - law Lee Threatt , grandchildren Lee Jr. and Wendy , and three great - grandchildren .
All About Blues Music
CA Congressmembers Dreier & Bono Mack dream of free market e. coli
Despite recent outbreaks of food borne illnesses such as E.coli and salmonella , today Representative David Dreier blocked an attempt to strengthen and modernize the way we protect America ’s food supply .
“ Americans worrying about when the next outbreak of E.coli or salmonella will strike their families deserve better than Representative Dreier blocking a plan to keep our food supply safe , ” said Ryan Rudominer , National Press Secretary for the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee .
“ It ’s outrageous that Representative Dreier is willing to block solutions to make sure the food Americans feed to children is healthy and safe . ”
Today the House of Representatives passed H.R. 2749 , the Food Safety Enhancement Act of 2009 , legislation that will raise food safety standards , allow the FDA to issue mandatory recalls of harmful products , and enhance our oversight of imported food .
This action represents a major step forward in modernizing our food safety system and protecting Americans from foodborne illness .
Those are the goals of the Food Safety Working Group I convened in March and charged with making recommendations to improve our food safety system .
And that is why we announced a new rule to control Salmonella contamination in eggs and are working to reduce the presence of harmful pathogens such as E. coli in meat and produce ; strengthen our capacity to trace the source of outbreaks ; and update our emergency operations procedures .
I commend the House of Representatives for its action today and look forward to working with the Senate to enact critical food safety legislation .
Conservatives have always fought like mad dogs ( if not blue ones ) against protecting consumers from being poisoned by people selling bad food .
Learning about the battles between progressives and conservatives regarding food safety in school helped me understand why I would never support conservatives and why I was -- and am -- a progressive .
How in the pocket of Big Business do you have to be to risk killing your own constituents -- or even family members -- in the name of unregulated markets ?
Yesterday the House failed to pass HR 2749 , John Dingell 's Food Safety Enhancement Act of 2009 , a major overhaul of the FDA 280 - 150 .
( It needed a 2/3 's margin to pass under the rules so it lost by about 10 votes ) .
Who would vote against food safety ?
You know the answer : conservatives , the whole reactionary Republican leadership and almost all the GOP loons in the House plus 23 mostly disgraceful Democrats , primarily Blue Dog congenital aisle jumpers like Heath Shuler ( NC ) , Walt Minnick ( ID ) , Travis Childers ( MS ) , Parker Griffith ( AL ) , Frank Kratovil ( MD ) , Jim Marshall ( GA ) , etc .
The DCCC sent out press releases today pointing out how California reactionaries Brian Bilbray , Mary Bono Mack , Ken Calvert , David Dreier , Elton Gallegly , Dana Rohrabacher , Dan Lungren , Tom McClintock , and Buck McKeon blocked Dingell 's bill :
It is outrageous and Dreier should be defeated next year .
But so should Minnick , Childers , Griffith and Kratovil , all of whom voted with Dreier and the Republicans and all of whom are on the Debbie Wasserman Schultz ' DCCC Frontline Program .
Donate to the DCCC and help defeat Republicans who want to poison our families and help re-elect with the same check Democrats who want to poison our families .
How does Debbie Wasserman Schultz fall asleep at night or look in a mirror ?
Meanwhile , the bill will be voted on today and it will only need a simple majority to pass .
( Astute readers may have noticed that a small handful of dedicated progressives voted against the bill yesterday as well -- Lynn Woolsey , Maurice Hinchey , Chellie Pingree , Earl Blumenauer , Ben Ray Luján , Peter Welch , Steve Kagen , Eric Massa , and Martin Heinrich .
After talking to a few Capitol Hill staffers and to food policy expert Jill Richardson ( author of Recipe for America : Why Our Food System is Broken and What We Can Do to Fix It ) it appears that they are concerned about the burdensome effect on small organic farms since there 's a flat $ 500 registration fee per facility and they thought it should be adjusted and made lower . )
Adopting a rule that allowed the bill to pass with a simple majority , with just a few vote changes from yesterday -- 3 Democrats and 4 Republicans gave up their opposition -- the bill passed 283- 142 , another progressive victory for consumer protection against the extremism of anti-social mania of proft - driven conservatives .
The California E. coli Republicans , Brian Bilbray , Mary Bono Mack , Ken Calvert , David Dreier , Elton Gallegly , Dana Rohrabacher , Dan Lungren , Tom McClintock , and Buck McKeon , all voted against the bill again .
President Obama commended the House on passage :
Labels : 2000 election , Dreier , E. Coli Republicans , food safety , the nature of conservatism
Two dabs of green police paint mark the spot where Marta Russo fell .
On a nearby wall hangs a marble remembrance plaque .
Below it a cluster of grubby soft toys and some bouquets of wilted mimosa form an impromptu shrine .
A note in childish handwriting reads : " Marta , we 'll never forget you . "
One sunny May morning in 1997 , Marta and her fellow law student Jolanda Ricci were strolling along the broad alley that divides the Law and Political Science faculties at Rome 's main university .
Suddenly , Marta slumped to the ground .
At first Jolanda thought she had fainted .
As she desperately tried to revive her friend , a passersby called for help .
But Marta 's skull had been pierced by a .22 calibre bullet .
She died four days later without regaining consciousness .
The 22 - year - old was shot in broad daylight , at the centre of one of Italy 's largest and most prestigious academic centres .
The area was bustling with students , yet no one saw the assassin .
Few even heard the fatal shot .
Only later did some witnesses recalled a dull thud like the cracking of a plastic bottle .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Marta Russo lived at home with her parents in a southern Rome suburb , was in her second year in law school at La Sapienza University , drove a second - hand Fiat , had a regular boyfriend , was sporty and social .
As Marta 's father Donato pleaded for anyone who knew anything to come forward , police tried desperately to understand why she had been killed .
There was no history of drugs , no jilted lovers , no particular political or religious convictions .
Everyone described Marta as terribly normal .
In a country accustomed to mafia slayings and terrorist murders the death of Marta Russo nevertheless struck a deep chord .
Campus killings were associated with America , a firearms culture and the breakdown of social values .
At La Sapienza panic set in .
Could a serial killer be at large in a seat of learning frequented by more than 100,000 young people each day ?
Left - and right - wing students abandoned their traditional antipathy , to protest together .
Anxious parents urged their children to wear motorbike helmets until they were inside the lecture halls .
Tens of thousands of students turned out for Marta 's funeral , along with the Prime Minister and numerous dignitaries .
Even the Pope sent a message of condolence .
The authorities promised that justice would be done , the Rome police chief vowed that his men would find the killer , and pressure from the media was relentless .
Nearly two years on , the trial of Marta 's alleged killers is drawing to a close in a high - security court near Rome 's Olympic stadium .
But rather than setting her ghost to rest , the trial is raising more questions than it solves .
Finding the killer was always going to be difficult .
The Italian press indulged in theories that ran from a settling of scores between cocaine dealers to a new terrorist destabilisation strategy .
All the police had to go on was the location of the killing - a walkway between two four - storey buildings - and its time : a passerby called an ambulance on his cellphone at 11.42 am .
Initial suspicions focused on a cleaning company with offices just yards from the murder scene .
Among the workers were several arms enthusiasts , and modified toy pistols were found on the premises .
But none of the weapons were compatible .
Attention then shifted to the ground - floor bathrooms in line with where Marta fell .
But searches there revealed no clues .
Identifying who was there on a busy day was impossible .
No ID cards are needed at the entrance to La Sapienza so a killer from outside could easily pass unnoticed among students or workmen .
Then there was the hypothesis of mistaken identity .
Police thought the real target might have been Marta 's friend , Jolanda , whose father is a senior official in the prison service and had been in charge of Rome 's maximum security Rebibbia prison .
There was even a possible mafia connection .
A young Sicilian woman , whose father had rebelled against mafia demands for protection money , said she believed mob hitmen had mistaken Marta for her .
They were of similar height , and both were law students and blonde .
The breakthrough came on 19 May 1997 , 10 days after the crime .
Forensic tests revealed chemical components compatible with gunpowder on the window ledge of Room Six , a reading room in the Department of Legal Philosophy .
An experiment with laser rays on the trajectory of the bullet also pointed to Room Six .
Around 25 people regularly went there to use the computers or consult weighty reference books .
All department employees were brought in for questioning .
The investigators were expecting full co-operation , given that the department was dedicated to the study of legal principles .
They could n't have been more wrong .
Rome 's police chief spoke of a climate of " omerta " , the term for mafia silence .
Those questioned were reticent and appeared more worried about protecting their jobs and the department 's reputation than helping find the killer .
This was confirmed by a telephone tap on the department head , Bruno Romano , who was heard discouraging his staff from giving evidence .
A respected and popular academic , Romano was briefly arrested for obstructing justice , charges that were later dropped .
The impression arose that there was a collective desire to keep the spotlight off Italy 's much criticised university system .
Despite the lack of co-operation , the police got lucky .
Telecom records showed a phone call had been made in Room Six at 11.44 am , just two minutes after Marta was shot .
The caller was Maria Chiara Lipari , assistant to the head of department .
A self - assured young woman , daughter of a former Christian Democrat senator , Maria Chiara was considered excellent witness material .
At first she recalled " at a subliminal level " only that there were other colleagues in the room , but not who they were .
After lengthy prodding she put names to faces .
As she entered Room Six she saw the department secretary , Gabriella Alletto , and an assistant librarian , Francesco Liparota : two researchers , Giovanni Scattone and Salvatore Ferraro , were leaving in a great hurry .
At first Gabriella Alletto denied she 'd been near the reading room that morning .
But eventually she signed a statement confirming Maria Chiara Lipari 's account .
And , in a sensational development , she claimed : " I saw Scattone half hidden behind the curtain with a black revolver in his hand and Ferraro alongside with his hands in his hair in a gesture of desperation . "
She had n't disclosed these facts until a month after the crime , Alletto said , because she had been scared for herself and her two children .
Both women agreed that a third colleague , library assistant Francesco Liparota , was also present .
He initially denied this but was arrested as an accomplice .
Liparota was freed when he agreed to testify against Scattone and Ferraro .
On 14 June , just over a month after the killing , the police arrested the two researchers .
Giovanni Scattone is 31 , baby - faced with large , startling blue eyes , an uncool Seventies haircut , and a shy manner ; Salvatore Ferraro , 32 , is his clean - cut , extroverted and preppy - looking friend .
Both declared their innocence , come from stable middle - class homes , have no criminal records and were described as " exceptionally intelligent with brilliant career prospects " .
Scattone is accused of firing the fatal shot .
His close friend Ferraro was allegedly his accomplice .
Both are now on trial and face a possible 20 years in prison .
But this is a trial without a weapon and a motive .
The gun has never been found and no amount of police delving has produced a reason for Marta 's murder .
For the public prosecutors , however , the motive is the very absence of a motive .
They argue that Marta was killed as an intellectual dare by two clever young men convinced of their own superiority and invincibility .
It was , they argue , an attempt by two apprentice legal philosophers to commit the perfect crime .
Newspapers reported that the pair were obsessed with firearms and had conducted a seminar for students on the difficulties of prosecuting a motiveless crime .
Both reports proved to be false .
Nevertheless , the no-motive motive was considered sufficiently convincing to keep Scattone and Ferraro in jail before the trial for 18 and 16 months respectively .
Both used their time behind bars to study : Scattone completed his PhD with a thesis on " The legal rights of future generations " .
" I saw my father cry for the first time when we saw on television that my brother had been arrested , " recounts Giorgio Ferraro , Salvatore 's older brother .
" But we were sure it was just some terrible mistake that would quickly be ironed out . "
Ferraro's bank manager father and French teacher mother , who live in a small town in the southern region of Calabria , have followed their son's troubles from a distance , but Giorgio has given up his job as a lawyer and has moved to Rome to support his younger brother .
" The case against him did n't stand up from the start , so the prosecutors , echoed by the press , tried to depict him as a psycho , " says Giorgio .
Prosecutors presented notes from Salvatore 's diary which supposedly show his obsession with violence and his sense of omnipotence .
One entry read : " They have killed Sasa Ferraro who exalts the private war .
They found him on the footpath , his eyes rolled back in fear .
He no longer looked like a God . "
Says Giorgio : " Those scribblings dated back nine years to a brief period in which Salvatore used to write down the contents of his dreams .
From about 90 entries , they highlighted the three that spoke of gruesome things . "
Like the Ferraros , 72 - year - old Giuseppe Scattone , a retired engineer with a passion for art and languages , is convinced of his son's innocence .
He believes Giovanni was framed because of the immense public pressure to resolve the case .
" They homed in on the Department , then on those who used the reading room .
The police knew Giovanni knew how to shoot as he had done his military service in the Carabinieri corps , " he says , showing me a photo of his youngest son smiling proudly in full military dress .
" They also knew he could not prove beyond doubt where he was at the time of the shooting . "
Giovanni Scattone told the police that at around 1 pm he had left the family apartment in the leafy dormitory suburb of EUR .
He went to the Literature Faculty , which is not on the main La Sapienza campus , where he consulted a timetable , chatted to a professor - who cannot confirm the visit - and picked up a certificate .
Earlier , at the time of the shooting , he says he was on his way to the main campus .
" He could easily have confessed that he was playing with a gun that went off by accident .
The police would then be able to say the case was closed .
Having no criminal record , Giovanni would receive a limited sentence .
But he is innocent and determined to prove it , " says Scattone Snr , who has sold a family property to finance his son's defence .
Salvatore Ferraro , known to his friends as Sasa , can only claim that he was studying at home all morning .
His lawyer sister , Teresa , confirms that .
Telecom records show a phone call to the apartment at 11.30 .
But it takes only 12 minutes to walk from there to the Law Faculty .
On 20 April 1998 the trial for Marta Russo's murder began at a packed Corte d'Assise in Rome .
" I just want the truth , " commented Marta 's father , a quietly spoken physical education teacher .
Interest in the proceedings has been intense and TV specials dedicated to the Marta Russo case have topped the ratings .
In the absence of hard evidence , the trial has inevitably become a credibility contest between the defendants and their accusers .
One of the most dramatic moments was a face - to - face encounter between Gabriella Alletto , the secretary , and Scattone - who she claims fired from the window .
Though nervous , a well - groomed Alletto held her ground as Scattone accused her of making it all up .
But Alletto's credibility took a nose dive in September last year with the screening in court of a secret police video taken during a lengthy night - time interrogation .
Alletto swears on her children 's lives that she was never in Room Six and sobs as she is told that she risks a murder charge herself if she does n't confirm who was in the room .
The inquisitorial video was criticised by media commentators and politicians , even by the then Prime Minister Romano Prodi , and triggered a formal inquiry into the two investigating magistrates , Carlo La Speranza and Italo Ormanni .
They defended their strong - arm tactics with the assertion that : " A murder inquiry is not a tea party . "
Another blow to the police 's case was the testimony last month by the library assistant , Francesco Liparota .
In a hesitant voice he told the court that he was n't in Room Six at the time of the murder .
He claimed that when he was in custody police had terrorised him with the idea that he would end up in jail unless he confirmed the magistrates ' accusations against Scattone and Ferraro .
While their witnesses vacillated , the prosecution could at least count on some solid scientific evidence .
That was until last month .
In a bombshell report , three court - appointed experts said the initial forensic tests that indicated gunpowder on the window ledge of Room Six were inaccurate .
The chemicals found were not necessarily indicative of gunpowder and only one of the particles found in the bags and on the clothes of Scattone and Ferraro could be traced to gunpowder .
The experts also criticised the ballistics report that indicated the bullet was fired from Room Six , saying the fatal shot could have been fired from six other locations and that the most likely were the two bathrooms on the ground floor .
In April , a jury comprising two magistrates and six members of the public will be called on to consider their verdict on a case that has intrigued the nation .
Was it an imperfect crime committed by two arrogant young intellectuals who took too seriously Nietzsche 's concept of the superman ?
Or a perfect crime committed by someone who has yet to be traced ?
The Ruger Mini - 14 has been in production for about thirty - five years now , and is a well - proven design .
It is , and always has been , a light , handy little carbine for hunting , predator control , and also serves very well as a fighting rifle .
Above all else , I have always found the Mini - 14 to be extremely reliable .
Throughout the years , the Mini has seen improvements to make it better suited to scope use , and special versions have been built for the military and police with full - auto function and folding stocks .
Several years ago , Ruger started marketing the Mini - 14 more as a sporter than a fighting rifle .
In its sporting Ranch Rifle version , it is indeed a handy little carbine , suited to hunting and as a knockabout rifle around the farm or ranch .
However , lots of Mini - 14 buyers purchase the carbines for defensive weapons , and in that role , the Mini excels .
Recently , Ruger has begun marketing versions of the Mini - 14 towards that purpose .
Also recently , Ruger has started selling the very popular standard capacity twenty and thirty - round magazines to Mini - 14 owners , instead of limiting us to the low - capacity five round version .
For decades , we had to depend upon the aftermarket to supply us with substandard magazines , or pay black - market prices for the twenties or thirties that Ruger would only sell to military or police agencies .
Thankfully , the thinking at Ruger has changed , and they no longer restrict their best magazines from being sold to those who want them .
It never did make sense for a man trying to defend his homestead alone from having the tools to do so , but that those whom he hires to help him , the police , are able to purchase those tools .
Anyway , Ruger is now selling their excellent twenty and thirty - round magazines to all Mini - 14 owners .
In addition to Ruger making their magazines available , they are now also marketing the superb little carbine as a fighting tool , not just for the military and police , but to the rest of us as well .
Shown here is their latest , the Mini - 14 Tactical Rifle .
The Tactical wears all of the recent improvements to the Mini - 14 , such as a stiffer barrel and better sights , along with the excellent ATI synthetic stock .
The ATI stock has a six - position telescopic buttstock , that also folds to the side for storage or for use in tight quarters .
Folded , the overall length is only about twenty - six and one - half inches , making it a very handy weapon for close - quarters fighting .
With the stock deployed , the length of pull varies from ten and one - quarter to fourteen inches , making the Tactical Rifle adjustable to fit shooters of all sizes and shapes .
It is also handy to retract the buttstock a bit when wearing thick clothing or a protective vest . , and the adjustable length makes it an ideal carbine that grow with youngsters .
The weight of the Mini - 14 with the ATI stock and an empty magazine in place is seven pounds , fourteen ounces .
The ATI sock has several attachment points for a sling , in addition to the standard Mini - 14 sling loop at the bottom of the gas block .
While on the subject of the gas block , the Mini - 14 has one of the most simple and reliable gas systems ever designed .
All the parts are robust , and the operating handle also serves as a “ forward assist ” to chamber a reluctant cartridge .
However , in the many thousands of rounds that I have fired through various Mini - 14 rifles over the years , I have never had to force a cartridge into the chamber .
The moving parts have plenty of heft and momentum , and chamber cartridges with authority .
Ejection is also forceful in the Mini design .
Cartridges are always thrown clear of the weapon .
This Tactical Mini is no exception .
As expected , reliability was absolutely flawless .
Accuracy varied from unacceptable to okay to very good .
The sixteen and one - eighth inch barrel has a pretty stiff profile for a Mini - 14 .
I attached a Leupold VX - III 6.5 to 20 power scope in the Ruger rings provided for accuracy testing .
Wolf Gold seventy - five grain Match ammo performed the best of all factory ammo that I tried , with some handloaded fodder doing a bit better .
The one - in - nine twist of the rifling seems to prefer the heavier bullets .
The Wolf Gold would shoot three - shots into less than one and one - half inches at one - hundred yards , and do just as well with five and ten - shot groups .
The fifty - five grain Winchester USA full metal jacket ammo would do no better than four inches in this particular rifle , and all other factory loads averaged somewhere in between .
The trigger pull was very good on the test gun for a fighting rifle , measuring just under four pounds , certainly better than most AR - 15 rifles .
As on all Mini - 14 rifles , the safety is in front of the trigger guard , right where John Garand and God intended it to be .
It is easy to use by both right - handed and left - handed shooters .
Velocities from the short barrel are listed in the chart below , chronographed at a distance of twelve feet from the muzzle , with an air temperature of forty degrees Fahrenheit at an elevation of approximately six hundred feet .
FMJ is a full metal jacket bullet .
HPBT is a hollow point match bullet with a boat tail heel .
SP is a jacketed soft point bullet .
Velocities are listed in feet - per-second .
Ammunition Bullet Weight Velocity Winchester USA FMJ 55 2767 Winchester USA FMJ 62 2766 Black Hills SP 55 2728 Wolf Gold Match HPBT 75 2401
The Tactical Rifle has plenty of accessory rail that is Picatinny compatible for the attachment of lasers , flashlights , sighting devices , etc. , so I tried out a couple of new items that I had here that seemed well at home on the Mini .
First of all is a new vertical handgrip from Crimson Trace called the Modular Vertical Foregrip .
The Crimson Trace Corporation has a well - deserved reputation for making reliable laser sights for handguns and AR - 15 rifles , but the vertical grip can be used on any rifle , shotgun , or carbine that has a Picatinny rail under the forearm .
The grip contains both a red laser which pulsates and a bright white light to illuminate the target .
It proved to be very handy and reliable .
In a close - quarters situation , the laser is ideal for accurate shot placement , and the light is plenty powerful to illuminate a room or a dark alley .
The grip itself is very sturdy , and the activation switches for the light and the laser are easy and natural to use .
There are no external wires or Velcro - attached activation pads .
The unit is entirely self - contained , and is the best device of its type that I have ever used .
I also tried out a new Vortex Strike Fire dot sight on the Tactical Mini .
The user has the option of both red and green dots available at the touch of a switch , and the intensity of the dot can be adjusted for use in bright sunlight or total darkness , and anywhere in between .
There is also a very dim setting for use with night vision goggles , and the sight is also supplied with a two - power magnification piece that attaches to the ocular end of the sight .
Eye relief is not critical , and the user can effectively use the sight with both eyes open .
It comes complete with batteries and a sturdy mount to fit Picatinny rails .
There were no surprises in trying out the new Tactical Mini .
It proved to be absolutely reliable , as expected .
The ATI stock is well - built , and easy to use .
The rifle comes supplied with one twenty - round magazine , and I recommend the purchase of a few spares , while they are still available .
The political climate in the US is such that our leaders could attempt another ban at any time .
In fact , that bill is before Congress right now .
Many of our leaders seek to deny us the use of firearms , especially those with which we can best defend ourselves and our Constitution .
The Tactical Mini is a weapon that is handy , powerful , and easy to use .
Rock - solid reliable , and accurate enough for predator control , deer hunting , and defense .
I highly recommend it .
Check out the full line of Ruger products here .
For the location of a Ruger dealer near you , click on the DEALER FINDER at www.lipseys.com .
To order the Mini - 14 online , go to www.galleryofguns.com .
For more information on the Crimson Trace Modular Vertical Foregrip and the Vortex StrikeFire , go to www.crimsontrace.com and www.vortexoptics.com .
Jeff Quinn
For a list of dealers where you can buy this gun , go to :
To buy this gun online , go to :
Crimson
Trace light / laser forward grip unit .
Vortex Strike
Fire red dot sight .
Got something to say about this article ?
Want to agree ( or disagree ) with it ?
Click the following link to go to the GUNBlast Feedback Page .
With Transformers starlet Megan
Fox calling her " lame " and the most successful writer in the American comic industry joking that she 's " a walking STD farm , " it 's time to ask :
Why does n't Wonder Woman get the respect she deserves ?
Advertisement
Fox made her lazy diss in an interview with the London Times last week , addressing rumors that she could take the lead in a potential WW movie :
Wonder Woman is a lame superhero ...
She flies around in her invisible jet and her weaponry is a lasso that makes you tell the truth .
I just do n't get it .
Somebody has a big challenge on their hands whoever takes that role but I do n't want to do it .
Advertisement
Commenting on the upset about her comment , Marvel Comics ' Brian Michael Bendis - writer of New Avengers , Dark Avengers and the upcoming Spider - Woman , amongst many others - twittered a couple of additional jabs :
Spider - Woman is cooler than Wonder Woman in every way possible .
Wonder Woman 's got a pipply ass !
she 's the pipply ass of comics !!
Spider - Woman has better hair , better costume , frank cho implants and a fucked up origin .
Wonder Woman is a walking std farm !!
So , you know , let 's put aside the whole " implants make a character better " thing , and even the " walking STD farm " thing , for a second ( No , really ; I know that 's asking for a lot ) and wonder out loud , just what is it that 's so wrong with Wonder Woman ?
As Robot 6's Tom Bondurant , who 's been writing about DC Comics characters for years , explains , the character 's longevity alone should afford her some respect :
Brief breaks notwithstanding , Wonder Woman is one of the few Golden Age characters whose adventures have been published continuously ever since her introduction .
Superman and Batman are the only others , so this alone puts them all in the same class .
Advertisement
However , if such minds as Bendis and Fox agree that she 's lame and do n't get what makes her an appealing character , then what is she doing wrong ?
Advertisement
Maybe Bendis is right , in part ; maybe it's the costume .
That 's something that even her writers have had trouble with in the past ; here 's what novelist Jodi Picoult - who wrote the character for a brief time in 2007 - told USA Today :
[ R ] ight off the bat , I tried to get her out of her bustier , ' cause let 's face it , no woman would ever fight crime in one .
But that was a no - no .
( Laughs )
Advertisement
Greg Rucka , who wrote the Wonder Woman title for three years , fought a similar battle with no success :
I tried to get the costume changed from the start .
Even had a story built around it .
Despite repeated attempts , the response was a resounding no , and the arguments made were always commercial and economic ones , rather than those of story or content ... the fact is , she 's been hyper - sexualized from the moment of inception , and there 's no likelihood that portrayal will ever change , no matter who 's writing the book , nor who 's drawing it .
It 's not unique to that character , though she is , I think , by far , the most visible example of it .
Advertisement
Is the problem , perhaps , that DC Comics are unsure about her audience ?
Picoult again :
It was very hard to gauge her readership .
She obviously is drawn for the adolescent male .
She has a lot of adult male fans reading her because of that and who are very tied to her and want to make sure she 's not ruined by anybody .
She has a huge gay following for both men and women .
I think that DC has always hoped she would be a superhero for young women as well , but many of them at this point are reading Japanese comics .
Advertisement
Rucka has been less optimistic at times :
I honestly think DC / WB has no idea who her target audience is .
I suspect , more often than not , they think she has none .
Advertisement
But why is that the case ?
Weirdly enough , I think that what makes Wonder Woman such an interesting character to those who love her is also her biggest weakness when it comes to explaining why she 's not lame to everyone else :
She 's too complex a character to really match up with contemporaries Superman and Batman .
Both Clark and Bruce can be summed up in one high concept sentence ( " Last member of an alien race rocketed to Earth who personifies the best parts of humanity as he defends his adopted home planet " and " A man who 's dedicated his life to fighting crime so that no - one ever has to suffer the same kind of tragedy that he has " , respectively ) , and it 's something that most successful DC superheroes have ( Green Lantern : " Space cop with a magic wishing ring " ;
Flash : " The fastest man alive " ; Aquaman : " King of the seas " ) .
Wonder Woman , though ...?
Not so much .
Here 's Greg Rucka again , talking about what makes him love the character in a 2004 interview :
She 's an Amazon .
Amazons are a warriors , they 're a martial culture .
They can promote belief in peace in part because they 've been living in absolute seclusion and isolation for so long , and also because if you mess with them , they 'll kill you .
It 's easy to dictate peace when you 're the baddest motherfucker on the block .
Diana comes from this culture where she 's bred for war , but is able to reap the rewards of 3000 years of peace - the art , the science , the philosophy .
Add to that these divine elements , like the wisdom of Athena and so on , and you 've got this person who has all these ingredients and they are in many ways pulling her in different directions , but she somehow manages to unify them all for a single direction .
She 's not going crazy , she 's not neurotic - you look at every other superhero ever and they are all malfunctioning in some way [ laughs ] .
In some way , they are internally malfunctioning - Diana really is n't , even with all the paradoxes and conflicts , she may be the most well - adjusted superhero out there .
At least when I look at her , that 's what I see .
She 's somebody who knows what she 's about and has absolute conviction in what she believes and is willing to fight for those things she believes , be it with words or swords .
I love the character and the more I work with her , the more I love her .
Advertisement
That mix of warrior and peacemaker is just one of things that makes her attractive to current Wonder Woman writer Gail Simone :
I have a scene in one of my early issues where Wonder Woman lets an opponent kick the crap out of her , without fighting back , just her extending an open hand to him , no matter what his rage makes him do .
I think that 's a big part of it - she COULD tear someone 's head off , she COULD destroy a country if she chose .
But she would consider that a failure as a warrior for peace .
The death of an enemy is not victory to her .
I love that stuff .
I think it 's a far better blueprint for the future than most of the action hero stuff out there right now .
Advertisement
The problem with Wonder Woman may be that the conflicts within her character - even if , as Rucka points out , the character herself has come to terms with them - make it harder for people to come up with an idea of who Wonder Woman is ( Not for nothing was her series relaunched in 2007 with a storyline called " Who Is Wonder Woman , " after all ) , and they end up looking at all the ... well , the unimportant things , instead .
It 's understandable , in one sense , for people to focus on the way the character looks ; comics are a visual medium , and she 's not alone in that sense of objectification ( Captain America , Batman and Superman are three male characters who have become similarly misunderstood because of their iconic , somewhat dated , looks ) , and just as easy for people to base misconceptions of the character on the little bits of her pop culture identity that they can remember : the invisible plane , the lasso of truth , and so on .
But none of those things are who Wonder Woman is .
It 's as if Batman was reduced to half - remembered snippets from the Adam West television show from the 1960s .
It 's a catch - 22 , of course ; most people think Wonder Woman is lame because they do n't know who Wonder Woman is , but they 're unlikely to get to know Wonder Woman because they think Wonder Woman is lame .
What she lacks is a Dark Knight Returns ( or , for that matter , a The Dark Knight ) ; a high - profile project that pushes people to re-evaluate the preconceptions and redefines the character in the mainstream consciousness , and not in the " Out of my way , sperm bank " direction ...
Something made by people with enough name recognition that could overcome concerns or apathy about the character enough to convince the masses to at least give it a try , and enough understanding of what makes the character interesting , unlike her peers and ... well , wonderful .
Advertisement
Anyone want to see if we can convince Joss Whedon to come back to the idea of a Wonder Woman movie after all ?
As if it was n't irregular enough for a vice president to have as much control over intelligence matters as Cheney did , we now learn that the veep 's legal advisor ( who , to put it mildly , was n't even within spitting distance of the constitutional chain of command ) had the ultimate veto over circulation of the NSA 's deepest darkest secrets .
It just underscores what a legal horror show the Bush / Cheney / Addington Administration really was .
This was the gang , remember , that was going to give us " adult supervision . "
But somebody forgot to read this to the child emperor .
I 'm powerfully tempted to draw a facile comparison to the irrational org charts and bureaucratic chaos of previous regimes that knew nothing and cared less about the rule of law .
But the one that comes most readily to mind is actually purely fictional .
Update 2:30 pm ET :
Democrats in Congress , who contend that the Bush administration improperly limited Congressional briefings on intelligence , are seeking to change the National Security Act to permit the full intelligence committees to be briefed on more matters .
Cheney Is Linked to Concealment of C.I.A.
Project
New York Times
July 11 , 2009
God knows I 'm all in favor of shedding more light on the CIA 's dirty laundry .
But there does n't seem much point in passing a new law unless we 're willing to prosecute the people who made mincemeat out of the old one .
Remember when polite society treated a politician 's use of the word " evil " as a sign that the old boy was dangerously lacking upstairs ?
We saw it in 1983 , when Ronald Reagan famously used the word in a speech to describe the Soviet empire .
What a rube !
New York Times columnist Anthony Lewis spoke for the smart set when he wondered what Soviet leaders must think : " What confidence can they have in the restraint of an American leader with such an outlook ? "
We ...
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
For much of this decade , Mozilla and its Firefox browser were the upstarts , out to beat the big , bad Microsoft and its Internet Explorer browser .
Firefox , the descendant of Netscape , the browser that helped jump - start the web revolution , was nimble and it was secure — something Microsoft ’s ( s msft ) IE was n’t .
And it triggered a movement .
According to Net Applications , which tracks browser market share , as of the end of May , Mozilla accounted for some 22 percent of the browser market .
Microsoft ’s IE , by comparison , still holds a roughly 66 percent share .
[ digg=http://digg.com/tech_news/For_Firefox_a_Challenging_Future_Awaits]
Despite it success , the open - source browser maker finds itself in an all familiar situation : fighting the odds on multiple fronts .
Unlike the past when it had to contend just with Microsoft , Mozilla ’s competition has grown many fold .
Furthermore , the browser battleground has grown much bigger and now also includes mobile devices .
Microsoft ’s Internet Explorer 8 , Apple ’s ( s aapl ) Safari 4.0 , Google ’s ( s goog ) Chrome , Opera and Firefox are the five major competitors on the desktop , while WebKit - based browsers are the champions of the mobile world .
Last week , when Mozilla announced its new Firefox 3.5 browser software , I decided to reach out to CEO John Lilly for a quick conversation about the state of the browser market .
After all , Firefox ’s latest browser comes at a time when Google , Apple and Microsoft have all upped the ante in the browser marketplace .
“ The world is a lot different from a year ago , and we have three brand new browsers and there is a lot more competition and as a result the users are getting a lot more technology , ” said Lilly .
But he was not coy about the fact that Firefox has taken over a substantial share of the market , snatching it away from Microsoft ’s Internet Explorer .
“ Having said that , I think it is uncomfortable , because our rivals have 2 - 3 times the magnitude of people and resources , and they are relentless . ”
( Techcrunch has a post about recent market share changes , based on statistics from Statscounter . )
It ’s quite understandable why everyone is so obsessed with the browser .
As guest columnist Rohit Sharma had previously noted , “ Today , browsers have lent their structure , chassis and struts to network - connected applications that devour user time and attention away from the browser itself . ”
But going forward , things are going to be vastly different .
To understand the potential , look no further than the iPhone and its many applications .
“ Many iPhone users may have already forgotten that the rendering engine used underneath them all is a Webkit , ” wrote Sharma , “ the same underlying layout / display engine used in Safari and Google Chrome as well as Android and Palm Pre webOS . ”
What that means is that now browser - based network - aware applications can exist on any platform — be it the desktop or the mobile .
This makes controlling a browser wildly important for companies such as Google , Microsoft and Apple .
“ Super - interactive browser that sits atop a super - fast connection … now interesting things will happen over the next 5 - 10 years , ” remarked Marc Andressen , whose first startup , Netscape Communications , introduced the consumer web to millions by way of its Netscape browser , at a gathering last year .
Lilly is betting on a few things that will keep Firefox ahead of its rivals .
First of all , it ’s built by a vibrant community of Firefox developers .
Secondly , it has garnered the support of folks who develop browser add - ons such as extensions and themes , which allows the browser to adapt to the needs of a diverse user base .
Most importantly , Lilly said that Firefox supports the open web , whereas his competitors have their own agendas .
“ It is premature to put the ‘ Mission Accomplished ’ banner on the open web , ” he said .
“ Microsoft is still a big player . ”
Apple , meanwhile , wo n’t be supporting open video codecs such as Ogg Theora , according to Lilly .
Even Google is ambivalent about certain things , though the search giant is “ better than ” the others , he added .
When I asked Lilly if the emergence of Google Chrome had shifted the focus toward a browser ’s speed and performance , he acknowledged that there is competitive pressure and said that as a result , the Mozilla team is looking to “ keep the browser fast and slim and still be highly customizable . ”
So while the version 3.5 of Firefox might be out , Mozilla is working hard on the release of the next version of the browser ( 3.6 ) , due out either late this year or in 2010 .
“ You should look at what is in Mozilla Labs and see those features making it to the browser , ” Lilly said .
Mozilla Weave ( which blends web services with the desktop ) and Personas , a lightweight theming system are two recent efforts that will likely end up in the next generation of Firefox browsers .
Mozilla is excited about Ubiquity , an in - browser command line utility and another new recent effort .
JetPack is an API that allows developers to write extensions for Firefox using standard technologies such as HTML , CSS and JavaScript .
A common theme that unites these four major areas of push : they allow Mozilla to keep the browser slim and fast , but at the same time make it super customizable .
“ It is about making the browser faster and increasing its performance , ” Lilly said .
When I asked Lilly about Mozilla ’s mobile efforts , he said that they were working hard to extend Firefox to the mobile .
“ It is something the whole company is paying attention to , ” he said .
He pointed out that a beta version of Firefox for Mobiles ( code named Fennec ) is available for Nokia - backed ( s nok ) mobile - focused Linux distribution , Mameo , and that another version is available as second alpha for Windows Mobile .
I do n’t think that ’s going to be enough , however .
Mobile is Mozilla ’s Achilles heel — it ’s losing mobile platforms to WebKit .
As we pointed out earlier , “ Today ’s browser competition is less about who renders HTML properly , and more about what the incumbent browser is and how well it accommodates whatever new applications the Internet throws its way . ”
These days , many of these applications are popping up on mobile phones , thanks to the emergence of platforms such as Google ’s Android , Palm ’s Pre and Apple ’s iPhone .
These platforms are attracting developers , who will work with WebKit and not Firefox .
In other words , Mozilla runs the risk of losing developer interest .
But Mozilla has been here before , with its back to the wall .
The good news is that Lilly and his crew realize that and are working on it .
Well let ’s hope they succeed — for if they do , it will mean consumers get better technology .
Related Posts :
Photo of John Lilly by Joi via Flickr .
[ / caption ]
Using a technique called Pixel - lensing , a group of astronomers in Italy may have detected a planet orbiting another star .
But this planet is unique among the 300 - plus exoplanets discovered so far , as it and its parent star are in another galaxy .
The Andromeda Galaxy , to be exact .
Technically , the star in M31 was found to have a companion about 6 times the mass of Jupiter , so it could be either a brown dwarf or a planet .
But either way , this is a remarkable feat , to find an object of that size in another galaxy .
Pixel - lensing , or gravitational microlensing was developed to look for MAssive Compact Halo Objects MACHOs in the galactic halo of the Milky Way .
Because light rays are bent when they pass close to a massive object , the gravity of a nearby star focuses the light from a distant star towards Earth .
This method is sensitive to finding planets in our own galaxy , ranging is sizes from Jupiter - like planets to Earth - sized ones .
And recently , astronomers used gravitational microlensing to be able to see about a dozen or so stars in M31 , an extraordinary accomplishment in itself .
The advantage of microlensing is that it works best for more distant objects , therefore in theory it would seem to be ideal for planet hunting in other galaxies .
So , the researchers from the National Institute of Nuclear Physics in Italy , led by Gabriele Ingrosso decided to see if this method would work to detect planets orbiting the stars seen in Andromeda .
They used a Monte Carlo approach , where they selected the physical parameters of the binary lens system –a star hosting a planet– and calculated the pixel - lensing light curve , taking into account the finite source effects .
The team thought they should be able to detect a planet with about 2 Jupiter masses .
The light from one of the stars they studied in Andromeda showed a distinct variability , most likely from a companion , which could be an orbiting planet based on the object ’s mass .
One disadvantage to microlensing is that exposures are available for a few days at most , so the team is hoping for another chance to follow up on their discovery .
The team notes in their paper that perhaps an extrasolar planet in M31 might have already been detected since an anomaly in a pixel - lensing light curve was previously reported by another research team in 2004 , who claimed that a possible binary system in M31 was responsible for an observed anomaly in an observed light curve .
Read the team ’s paper here .
Source : arXiv , Technology Review Blog
In a major display of blatant ignorance , U.S. Drug Czar , Gil Kerlikowske , stated , “ Marijuana is dangerous and has no medicinal value . ”
The director of the White House ’s Office of National Drug Control Policy spoke in Fresno yesterday about the recent raids and marijuana eradication efforts going on in Fresno County , and made the following statement regarding the proposal of legalizing marijuana in California .
“ Legalization is not in the president ’s vocabulary , and it ’s not in mine . ”
The operation , SOS ( “ Save ” our Sierra ) , has claimed over $ 1.25 * billion * in cannabis in Fresno County .
80 people have been arrested so far , and the operation is planned to continue .
Talk about throwing away money .
I guess all those people with IOUs can just keep waiting for their money .
The “ czar ” described marijuana as harmful and addictive , all the while neglecting to address the dangers and addictive qualities of pharmaceuticals and other legal substances like paint , glue , gasoline , and food .
Meanwhile , thousands of medical marijuana patients in 13 states around the nation are continuing to enjoy the medical benefits of marijuana .
A man waiting for a kidney transplant in Aurora , Colorado is enjoying his ability to eat and stay alive .
A woman in Rhode Island is enjoying her life a little more before she dies from the terminal cancer taking over her body , which has been weakened by pharmaceuticals and toxic chemicals used to kill the cancer .
A man in Montana is able to work and provide for his family now that he is off opiates , and has a more effective way to treat his chronic spasms and pain brought on by Multiple Sclerosis .
Mr. Kerlikowske , you keep telling yourself that marijuana has no medicinal qualities .
Millions of people already know you are wrong , and those people have the ultimate power in this country .
Do you know something more than the government who has enough belief in the medicinal value of marijuana to obtain a patent on it ?
Did you just finish medical school and forget to tell us ?
Technically , the czar works for “ the people . ”
What will he do when criminals outnumber non-criminals ?
Is he going to throw the majority of the country in jail because he happens to not agree with the change the people are demanding ?
Who exactly are you trying to protect , Mr. Kerlikowske ?
– Article from The Examiner .
As you can see from the graph , Total Consumer Credit Outstanding Continues to Drop .
This is an unusual pattern .
After nine months down , we are now back to a level last seen during December , 2007 .
If the trend continues at this pace , it will have a negative impact on GDP in the months ahead .
This will certainly have an impact on future economic forecasts , consumption , and consumer spending .
With the single exception of Star Trek fans , there ’s perhaps nothing considered more quintessentially geeky by non-geeks than the comic book enthusiast .
And it ’s clear to see just how the categorical characterisation is perpetuated when we look at how they ’re portrayed on some popular TV shows .
Now , we ’re not necessarily talking popular among geeks , so be prepared to be offended on some fronts and amused on others …
Heroes – Season 3 Episode 19 Shades Of Grey March 2009 Masses of Heroes worshippers were put off by the very recent portrayal of graphic novel shoppers as cowering , leering guys who evidently had never seen a real live girl in their RL realm .
But equally appalling was Claire ’s apparent lack of any prior knowledge of Wednesdays .
Even - handed slights were dealt to comic fans and cheerleaders alike .
Rocko’s Modern Life – Season 1 Episode 8 Canned October 1993
The self - assured and socially adept wallaby of the title has a turtle friend , who is by contrast a neurotic , obsessive - compulsive paranoid hypochondriac .
We first met Filbert in the comics megastore , suffering for his fanaticism , along with a couple other ‘ typical ’ customers .
Malcolm In The Middle – Season 2 Episode 21 Malcolm Vs. Reese April 2001 Co-worker and friend of the family ( with a crush on Malcolm ’s mom ) , Craig Feldspar is a comic collector attending a convention while Malcolm ’s dad and brother Dewey look after his cat .
The costume says it all .
According to The National , the Abu Dhabi daily , Samhan 's work , " Slim Shadows , " caught the attention of Jordanian clerics , including Jordan 's Grand Mufti Noah Alqdah Samas , who called him an enemy of religion for comparing his loneliness to that of the prophet Youssef in the Koran .
Islam Samhan , 27 , was arrested by authorities today .
He could be sentenced to up to three years in prison .
The specific charge ?
Harming Islam by incorporating Koranic imagery into his love poems .
A Jordanian poet who published a collection of his works has found himself in hot water .
He 's been accused of apostasy , a crime that could carry the death penalty in some parts of the Islamic world .
Next came today 's arrest .
According to a report by the Associated Press , authorities have charged him with harming Islam by violating the press and publication law " for combining the sacred words of the Koran with sexual themes . "
The law in Jordan bans insults to religion .
But in the heady world of literature , who decides when something is insulting faith or inspired by it ?
Samhan says he grew up around religion .
He can't help but let it influence his work .
Editors and writers in the Muslim world must constantly police their publications for fear of insulting clerics .
Even if the government approves a work , sometimes individual clerics weigh in against it afterward and pressure authorities into punishing the offender .
Even on the streets of Jordan these days , people are afraid to curse God or religion .
Using God 's name in vain might mean three months in the slammer .
Another Jordanian poet was arrested eight years ago and charged with apostasy because Islamists said one of his pieces contradicted the Koran .
He was acquitted .
-- Borzou Daragahi in Beirut
Photo : A page from a 13th century copy of the Koran .
Credit : Smithsonian , via Wikimedia Commons
P.S. Get news from the Middle East in your mailbox every day .
The Los Angeles Times distributes a free daily newsletter with the latest headlines from the Middle East , as well as the conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan .
You can subscribe by logging in at the website here , clicking on the box for " L.A. Times updates " and then clicking on the " World : Mideast " box .
A Facebook conversation with my old friend , Stacy ( whose excellent blog you should check out ) , dredged up some memories of the old - timey version of Phoenix .
And by old - timey , I mean the 1980s .
One of those memories was of Legend City , Arizona ’s very own amusement park .
It closed in 1983 .
I ’m not even 100 percent - certain I made it there before it closed … my family showed up here in 1980 .
Apparently , some people died on rides .
Lawsuits from those incidents killed Legend City ; today , thousands of people drive by the site unaware that it ever existed .
You can read about it and see photos at a very cool tribute Web site to Legend City .
Now , what makes this a bit more timely is that some people might not be ready to let go of the notion that Arizona should have a major theme park .
No , Rawhide does not count .
This new vision started floating to the surface a few years ago .
Here ’s the concept : A rock ‘ n ’ roll - themed , $ 850 million , 144 - acre theme park built somewhere in the dusty fields between Phoenix and Tucson .
It would be in a place called Eloy , which pretty much makes Casa Grande look like Sydney , Australia .
I had n’t thought about Decades much until Legend City came up .
That conversation made me think “ Hey , what ever happened to that debacle - in - the - making ? ”
Well , over the past year , not much .
The Decades Web site ( which is amateurish , at best ) has n’t seen a news item update Â in nearly a year .
This leads me to think that Â ( despite then - Governor Janet Napolitano ’s backing and the passage of a bill to create a tax district that would allow the theme park toÂ collect moreÂ sales tax ) it ’s dead .
I ’m still a little concerned about the silence : I ’d prefer to see the garlic , holy water and wooden stakes come out to make sure this does n’t happen .
Also , the park ’s chief creative officer , Marty West , has apparently talked to the band Rush about a Rush - themed concert hall .
The Coaster Buzz blog , though , thinks the project is buried .
Here ’s why I think Decades is a bad idea ( some of this comes from a post in a different blog I used to write ) :
1. Summer Heat –
This is pretty obvious .
Sure , Florida is hot and sticky in the summer .
But it also has a lot more shade , and the sunlight is far less intense because of the humidity .
This place will be brutal in the summer .
2 . The Competition – People go to theme parks ’ cause their kiddies want to .
This is Walt Disney Co. ’s strength .
It ai n’t just a theme park – it ’s well - known characters that span generations , new - fangled movie heroes like Buzz Lightyear and rides that get turned into movies of their own .
3 . The Theme is Silly – Look , theme parks are about kids .
Kids do n’t care about Chuck Berry .
And really , what does rock ‘ n ’ roll have to do with Arizona ?
Did we hold Woodstock here ?
Is this where the members of Led Zeppelin were born ?
Oh , wait … Eloy is where Abbey Road Studios were built before they got moved to England in a reverse London Bridge - style swap !
No ?
Nothing about the theme makes a lick of sense .
4. Natural Resources – Rumor has it that , to combat the heat , most of the rides will be water - based .
Where do the backers plan to get that water ?
5 . We ’ve Heard it All Before – Really , I ’ve heard variations on the phrase “ most amazing projects Arizona has ever seen ! ” too many times to count .
It seems these phrases are most often tied to short - lived debacles like the Scottsdale Galleria or Biosphere 2 .
We see where those wound up .
6 . Put it in a Real City – Eloy is far too remote .
A theme park needs infrastructure , especially hotels .
It can also use a major airport within 50 miles and some post - theme park activities .
That favors a location much closer to Phoenix , and one that does n’t require travel on the often - problematic I - 10 .
Also , as a former news reporter , I roll my eyes whenever I see that PR shyster Jason Rose is a project ’s hired huckster .
I ca n’t recall him doing anything that was in the public ’s interest .
He is exactly the sort of drone who would propose turning Arlington Cemetery into a Wal - Mart plaza and try to convince you that a few thousand low - paying jobs are better than any musty ol ’ history .
BONUS : According to Richard Ruelas , one of the better writers over at the Arizona Republic , Decades is n’t the first proposed boondoggle for Eloy .
Feast your eyes on these ( directly from a sidebar in an a Republic story ) :
1989 , the Wooz , a $ 2.7 million maze - style theme park in Eloy .
Â 1990 , Sunplex , a theme park , ice rink and football stadium park in Eloy .
It was to be home of the world ’s largest sundial .
The developers admitted it was a fraud .
This post just might contain affiliate links .
Fear not , they ’re non-spammy and benign .
Hey , I have to keep this thing running somehow !
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Stumbleupon
LinkedIn
Reddit
More
Print
Like this : Like Loading ...
As much as I 'd like to experience the Tour de France , I do n't enjoy being on a bike for more than 90 minutes or going uphill .
So after years of longing as an obsessive fan , I came up with another , more American way to experience the thrill of the Tour .
[+]
Enlarge Joel Stein Joel was fired up and ready to go at breakfast time .
I would eat everything the riders do .
After all , as impressive as riding 125 miles up the Pyrenees in five hours is , eating 9,000 calories in a day is far better .
And it 's a goal that , through training , determination and possibly vomiting , I figured I could attain .
So I called Team Columbia and asked for its menu from one of the hardest days of the 2008 Tour , which included the insane climbs up Col du Tourmalet and Hautacam .
Looking at the six meals -- the caloric equivalent of nearly five days of food for a normal adult male -- was the gastronomical equivalent of staring up at a cloud - covered mountain as you approached it ( or what I assume it would feel like to stare up at a cloud - covered mountain as you approached it ) .
Apparently these guys needed so many calories that day that Team Columbia 's professional nutritionist required them to drink two Coca - Colas .
I kept rechecking the list to make sure there were no Twinkies on it .
I soon decided that if I were to be true to myself and my American heritage , I 'd have to attempt this feat while sitting on my couch , watching live cycling coverage .
It would be all calories in and no calories out -- at least not through sweating .
( Unless I was sweating over a toilet bowl . )
Also , in camaraderie with the Tour , which is trying to eliminate performance - enhancing drugs , I vowed not to smoke any marijuana .
Before any record - shattering athletic feat is attempted , it 's always best to check with a medical professional .
My longtime doctor , Robert Samuelson , gave it some thought and concluded , " It would not hurt you at all " and " You 'll gain weight . "
He also said it would n't be much different than eating a couple of Big Macs in a day .
Let me just say that while Dr. Samuelson is a great doctor and a smart guy , he clearly knows very little about the McDonald 's menu .
I would have to eat 17 Big Macs to equal the Team Columbia daily caloric intake .
On the morning of my attempt , I woke up extra early just to start eating , which felt rather weird .
Unfortunately , it took me almost an hour to prepare breakfast , so I did n't actually start consuming food until about 9 a.m. , putting me behind schedule from the start .
In front of me , I saw what looked like one of those expensive hotel Sunday brunch buffets that includes breakfast , lunch , dessert and a meal not yet invented .
I enjoyed the fruit , and a half - pound of pasta with olive oil is never a bad thing .
But I do not know what the Swiss do all day that requires muesli to be the densest food ever made in non-bar form .
The only way I could get through my bowl of it was to revive myself occasionally with little bites of the chocolate croissant .
I felt so full afterward , I broke my own rule and went out for a walk , which turned into a hike .
Even
Tour riders do n't cheat during breakfast .
Before the race starts , there is another meal -- for which I was not yet hungry at all , having eaten an hour ealier .
I plowed through the other half of the box of pasta and downed it all with two pitchers of bright pink PowerBar carbo drink , which made me imagine a summer camp for kids who are too skinny .
But halfway through I broke down , sweating , with stomach pains .
I have no idea how you can eat this much and then feel like getting on a bike .
Or how you can eat this much when you 're nervous about racing .
Or how you can eat this much if you 're an adult elephant .
As I watched the race on TV , I alternated between two turkey sandwiches , four peanut butter PowerBars , four PowerBar energy gels and two Cokes .
I looked at the riders ' grimacing faces and knew I was suffering more .
As I sipped my second Coke , my eyes started watering and I desperately wanted to barf .
But then , thankfully , the race ended .
I was a whole lot of carbo drink , one PowerBar , three gels and a piece of fruit cake behind schedule .
Cadel Evans , who'd won the day 's race , was smiling and talking on TV , not enduring anything close to what I was .
I kept wondering what would happen if those two women on the podium with him tried to kiss me .
It could be ugly .
[+]
Enlarge Joel Stein Yeah , that meal does n't look like too much fun .
An hour later , as I sat down for my postrace meal , I 'd recovered impressively -- I downed another turkey sandwich , my fourth PowerBar of the day and another Coke .
The PowerBar made my jaw ache , but mostly , I was just dealing with the clichéd self - recriminations of an athlete after a loss .
I could have dealt with the jaw fatigue and had another PowerBar , but I held off .
I vowed to make up for it later that night .
I had to head out to a movie screening in the early evening , but I took my predinner snacks with me .
I was gnawing on a giant piece of fruit cake 30 minutes into the film when , suddenly , my face turned red and I felt feverish , as if that last little bit of food had activated all the other food still inside me .
I made it about 10 feet out of the theater before I saw that I was following none other than Larry King into the men's room .
And I immediately felt very , very bad for him .
I 'll spare you the gory details on that portion of the evening .
Suffice it to say I went to the bathroom six times that day .
I 'm not a scientist , and this was not a real experiment , but I learned at least one thing from all of this :
You give the human body enough calories in a short enough period of time , and it does n't have time to turn it all into fat .
One way or another , those calories get turned to waste .
I also learned I 'm an idiot who does idiotic things .
At 11 p.m. , with just an hour to go , I stared at the uncooked chicken breast , vegetables , fruit , yogurt , chocolate and ( unbelievably ) more pasta I had left to tackle -- and I dropped out .
I fell short by more than 2,000 calories .
And I marveled , more than ever , about how different I am from professional athletes .
I guess I will never know what it 's like , on any level , to be a Tour de France rider .
Which fills me with the kind of shame only known by people who fail in an attempt to do something stupid that no one cares about .
The shame of Robbie Knievel .
The philanthropist and humanitarian Joel Stein is based in Los Angeles and a Time magazine columnist .
h /t to GOGB for setting up a youtube video .
Now it 's our job to make it go viral .
UPDATE
Please contact the White House and your Congress member and ask them if they have seen this video and if they endorse or condemn it .
These calls can be just as effective as any other call to your elected officials and will help frame the issue that Fox News irresponsible and borderline dangerous partisan corporate propaganda .
Also , contact your local and national media .
The big pundits and the little ones .
We should make the Right Wing own this or condemn it .
Anyone who can add contact information for important figures and agencies to contact should please do so in the comments below , and I will update this diary to include it .
So . . .
WHO THE FUCK IS WE ?
WHO DOES MICHAEL SCHEUER MEAN BY WE ?
No way was this spoken out loud on Rupert Murdoch 's airwaves and he gets away with it .
No way .
Who benefits if Osama bin Laden kills Americans in a major attack ?
Who stands to gain from the murder of American citizens ?
WHO DO THESE PEOPLE THINK SHOULD DIE ?
And how did Rupert Murdoch 's Fox News air this piece of shit and pass it along as journalism ?
Scheuer : " Because it 's going to take a grassroots , bottom up pressure , because these politicians prize their office , prize the praise of the media and the Europeans .
It 's an absurd situation , again .
Only Osama can execute an attack that will force Americans to demand a government protect them effectively , consistently and with as much violence as necessary . "
A previous quote by Michael Sheuer from WaPO Now , in a single week , President Obama has eliminated two - thirds of that successful - but - not - sufficient national defense troika because his personal ideology -- a fair gist of which is " If the world likes us more we are more secure " h/t to indieciemopants
Mr. Sheuer is referring to rendition , interrogation and unmanned aerial vehicle attacks .
Though rendition is only dubious at best , enhanced interrogation as practiced during the Bush / Cheney administration is a War Crime .
But , I suppose that does n't bother Mr. Sheuer .
Apparently , nothing does .
Update : Michael Sheuer 's Bullshit Fake Apology .
another h/t to abrauer Someone purporting to be Michael Scheuer posted a response to Spencer Ackerman 's post on this topic at the Washington Independent :
This has now been confirmed by Ackerman as being legitimately from Sheuer .
And I call Bullshit !
Here is the apology ( feh ) Spencer , What I tried to say on FOX last night is what I said in my last two books .
I believe that our governing elite has a single foreign policy vis .
the Muslim World and that it has no contact points with reality .
Americans are therefore very inadequately protected .
I increasingly believe that our leaders ' perception of the threat and attempts to defeat it are verging on the feckless , and that most Americans -- concerned with the economy , raising families , and quite insular in any event -- do not recognize the poor job leaders in both parties are doing in defending their country , homes , and family .
I am afraid that another , greater - than - 9/11 attack will occur -- because our leaders see the world that they want to be and not the one on offer -- and that only then will Americans starkly see what I believe is unconscionable failure of the federal goverment to put their safety first .
My bottom line is that there will be another attack because the Republicans and Democrats are abject incompetents and because our current economic state is too good a chance for bin Laden not to try to push forward al - Qaeda 's " bleed America to bankruptcy " strategey .
Far from wishing for another attack , I trust that Churchill 's judgment that God looks out for drunks and the United States of America still holds good and and we remain safe .
God better do the job , because no one in our elite is doing it .
Respectfully , Mike Scheuer
My response to this Bullshit This does not cut it .
He needs to flat out repeat his words and say " I apologize for suggesting that America would be better off if Osama bin Laden launched a massive attack on our nation . "
And I want Glen Beck , his colleagues and his employer to say the same thing , we apologize for this statement which we allowed to air .
then I want Glenn to explain why we did not leap out of his seat and defend America right then and there .
Bullshit .
For those who are unfamiliar , Michael Sheuer was head of the Bin Laden unit at CIA under Clinton and Bush .
That 's right , the lunatic who thinks America 's last hope is that Osama bin Laden knocks some sense into us is the same guy whose old job was to protect us from Osama bin Laden .
And yes , the logic behind this combined with the actual statement is enough to make me nauseous .
So , let me get this straight .
Rupert Murdoch 's Fox News put someone on air that said , out loud , that the only thing that can save America from the politicians who the media ( not including Fox " Traitor " News ) and our allies respect is a massive attack by Osama bin Laden that forces the citizens of America to demand a more violent government ?
Let me ask that again .
Fox News , the broadcasting channel that is owned by Billionaire Rupert Murdoch , that supported throughout the War on Terror against Osama bin Laden and al Qaeda while Republican President George W. Bush was in office , the same Fox News who called anybody who disagreed with Bush Un - American and not a patriot , that Fox News put a guy on air who posited that the best thing for America right now under Democratic President Barack Obama , is to get attacked by al Qaeda and Osama bin Laden in a massive strike that would cost an unnumbered amount of innocent American lives ?
Seriously ?
Where would they prefer the attack to happen ?
New York City ?
Los Angeles ?
Houston ?
Miami ?
Or maybe Washington D.C. , home to all the evil politicians who won electoral majorities and the Presidency last year ?
Who should die , so that you can have your fucking grassroots uprising against the 5 month old tyranny of President Barack Hussein Obama ?
I 've had it with these people .
Traitor is not even a good enough word .
A comment below the diary by shplik sums up how I feel we should handle this matter .
Every single Republican politician running for a Federal Office should be FORCED to answer that they either agree or disagree with that traitorous pig .
Throw this around their necks and choke the life ( out ) of them - make them own it , or walk away in disgrace from it .
Either way , we destroy them .
I want Newt Gingrich on record .
Tomorrow .
I want Michael Steele on record .
Tomorrow .
I want every last one of these public servants either saying they agree or they do n't with that video .
Add Bill O'Reilly , Sean Hannity , Neil Cavuto , Glenn Beck and the man who signs their paychecks Rupert Murdoch to the list of people who should go on record .
Right Now .
On behalf of the victims and families of those who died on 9/11 and in every war before and since then , FUCK YOU , FOX NEWS !
Contact info for Glenn Beck Call toll - free nationwide : 888-727-BECK
E- Mail me@glennbeck.com stu@glennbeck.com cbrady@glennbeck.com
Link to this diary in order to get a twitter campaign going to spread this video farther
Contact info provided by DK user cfk Street Address 1211 Avenue of the Americas
City New York
Country United States
Postal / Zip Code NY 10036-8795 Telephone +1 888 369 4762
Telefax +1 212 462 6127 Email yourquestions@foxnews.com
viewerservices@foxnews.com
comments@foxnews.com
foxaroundtheworld@foxnews.com
Foxnewsonline@foxnews.com www.foxnews.com/
A list of FOX's Sponsors h/t to boofdah for the link
Contact the Department of Homeland Security To reach the Secretary Secretary Janet Napolitano
Department of Homeland Security
U.S. Department of Homeland Security
Washington , DC 20528 Citizen Line * Operator Number : 202-282-8000
* Comment Line : 202-282-8495
Call the FCC Phone : 1-888-CALL-FCC
( 1-888-225-5322 ) E - Mail the FCC fcc.gov/complaints.htm
Let 's see if any Republicans have the balls to take on one of their own .
Daily News
Michael Goodwin : mgoodwin@nydailynews.com h/t to jgnyc
Imagine what would happen if someone on the left had said this .
The War on Reality at Fox Corporate Propaganda must end .
This from Glenn Beck , who thinks the founding fathers opposed socialism 100 years before it was invented .
No more Fake news .
No more Partisan Corporate Propaganda .
Fox Lies , People Die .
No more re-writing history .
The war on facts must end .
Please Rec this diary , and E - Mail it to everyone you know .
America must see this for what it is .
Water , water everywhere , and you 're entitled to a drop .
As scientists warn that the world 's fresh water supplies will soon run critically short , and companies scramble to privatize them , some researchers and activists say water should be considered a basic human right .
" Access to clean water , which is essential for health , is under threat , " write the editors of Public Library of Science Medicine in an essay published Monday .
In terms of intellectual coherency , the idea passes muster .
Water 's just as essential to life as food , which makes an appearance in Article 25 of the United Nations ' Universal Declaration of Human Rights .
As of now , the World Health Organization estimates that inadequate water is responsible for nearly one - tenth of the world 's disease burden , and that six percent of all deaths could be prevented by universal access to safe drinking water and better sanitation .
Of course , it 's a lot easier to declare a right than to enforce it .
Despite the UN 's pledge to end hunger , nearly a billion people do n't have enough to eat .
And the UN 's promise to halve the number of water - impoverished people by 2015 has a snowball 's chance in the Sahara of being met .
But as the PLoS Medicine editors point out , recognizing water as a human right would at least provide a framework for dealing with water privatization .
Over the last 20 years , with the help of the International Monetary Fund and World Trade Organization , water has become a $ 500 billion global industry dominated by just three companies .
According to reports published by the nonprofit Food and Water Watch , it 's been a disaster in both the United States and the developing world .
" This model has proven to be a failure , " wrote Maude Barlow , senior advisor on water issues to the UN General Assembly 's president , in an essay published last year .
" High water rates , cut - offs to the poor , reduced services , broken promises and pollution have been the legacy of privatization . "
According to the UN , 2.8 billion people wo n't have enough water to meet their basic needs by 2025 .
" A human rights approach to water recognizes the potential for inequity and ensures that the most vulnerable are not ignored , " write the editors .
See Also :
Citation : " Clean Water Should Be Recognized as a Human Right . "
By the PLoS Medicine Editors .
Public Library of Science Medicine , June 30 , 2009 .
Image : Terry Shuck / Flickr
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
A woman sleeps on an air mattress as she camps out for tickets in Wimbledon , June 19 , 2005 .
REUTERS / Kevin Lamarque
BERLIN ( Reuters ) - A German who tried to fix his leaky air mattress blew up his apartment instead , the fire brigade in the western city of Duesseldorf said Wednesday .
The 45 - year - old man used tire repair solvent to plug a hole in his airbed and left it overnight .
But it blew up when he went to inflate it the next day .
“ A spark from the electric air pump ignited it , ” a fire brigade spokesman said .
The blast pushed his living room wall into the building ’s stairwell and caused extensive damage to walls , windows and furniture .
Fire fighters evacuated the 12 - apartment building and a neighboring housing block while they checked for structural damage .
The man suffered burns on his arms , while a three - year - old girl suffered first degree burns .
Back in April , we introduced you to former professional softballer Bianca Cruz ( played for college powerhouse Arizona State ) who was attempting to become the 2009 Maxim Hometown Hottie .
This is a perfect example of those NCAA commercials becoming reality .
College athletes will turn pro at something other than sports .
Cruz played pro softball very briefly , was cut and turned to what God gave her – a killer body .
And now she ’s a semifinalist to win Maxim ’s contest .
As a semifinalist Bianca was allowed to make a video tempting you to vote for her .
So , how did she win our hearts ?
She grabbed a softball bat and smacked a ball around her backyard .
In short shorts and high socks .
Tears .
[ Vote For Bianca ! – Maxim ]
Microsoft has released a new version of .
NET 4.0 Beta 1 , one that incorporates STM.
NET , the Software Transactional Memory .
STM is an alternative mechanism to lock - based synchronization used to control the concurrent access to shared memory .
Microsoft defines STM.NET as :
Software Transactional Memory ( STM.NET ) is a mechanism for efficient isolation of shared state .
The programmer demarcates a region of code as operating within a transaction that is “ atomic ” and “ isolated ” from other transacted code running concurrently .
Transactional memory is considered a promising technology by the academic community and is repeatedly brought up as a welcome technology for the upcoming wave of applications which scale on modern multi-core hardware .
The goal is to be able to exploit concurrency by using components written by experts and consumed by application programmers who can then compose together these components using STM .
Transactional memory provides an easy - to - use mechanism to do this safely .
STM uses an optimistic approach to accessing a shared piece of memory .
Instead of blocking the writer until it is safe to perform the changes to the shared data , the thread accesses and edits the shared data while logging each read and write it performs .
In the end , it verifies if another thread has happened to access the shared data in the same time .
If not , a commit is executed and the changes are made permanent .
If another thread has accessed the data , the transaction is aborted , and all changes are rolled back .
STM.NET uses Atomic .Do( ) to mark statements that are to be executed as one transaction :
Atomic .Do (( ) => { < statememts > } ) ;
As with any other locking mechanism , STM induces a performance penalty because it has to maintain the read / write log and due to the time spent during committing phase .
Some consider that penalty is compensated by the conceptual benefits which make STM easier to use than fine - grain locking .
In a study called Is Transactional Programming Actually Easier ? , Christopher J. Rossbach , Owen S. Hofmann , and Emmett Witchel from University of Texas at Austin analyze the learning and the development process using STM compared with other types of locking , remarking that :
On average , transactional memory required more development time than coarse locks , but less than required for fine - grain locks and condition synchronization . …
We found that coarse locks and transactions required less time than fine - grain locks on the more complex two - lane assignments .
This echoes the promise of transactions , removing the coding and debugging complexity of fine - grain locking and lock ordering when more than one lock is required .
The study concludes :
This paper offers evidence that transactional programming really is less error - prone than high - performance locking , even if newbie programmers have some trouble understanding transactions .
Students subjective evaluation showed that they found transactional memory slightly harder to use than coarse locks , and easier to use than fine - grain locks and condition synchronization .
However , analysis of synchronization error rates in students ’ code yields a more dramatic result , showing that for similar programming tasks , transactions are considerably easier to get correct than locks .
Requirements : Visual Studio 2008 , Windows Installer 3.1 or later , Internet Explorer 5.01 or later .
STM.NET is currently available only for C# .
Resources : NET 4.0 Beta 1 with STM .
NET , STM Programming Guide , STM : Samples , Documentation , and Configuration files .
Yesterday we let you know about the new 3D technology coming to PSP in the form of V - Screen .
This unique technology allows you to get a feeling of depth even on the small PSP screen .
RealView Innovations Ltd. promises the results are astonishing .
We managed to get a few photos of this technology as well as the patent information .
Related :
3D Gaming Coming to the PSP
" The role she played in the past , what I feel was a certain scandalising of issues , is not really one we want endorsed by her becoming vice - chairman , " she said .
Gay Dems complain DNC cut off funding , drop support for Biden event
Theboard of directors of the National Stonewall Democrats are dropping their support for a June 25 DNC fundraiser with Vice President Joe Biden over , they wrote in an email obtained by POLITICO , a combination of policy slights and the claim that they 've been cut off from traditional party funding .
In the email to Tom Petrillo , who runs the party 's substantial gay fundraising operation , the board members write :
[ W]e are incredibly disappointed that the DNC has made a decision to withhold any financial support to National Stonewall Democrats this year but is in turn asking us to help raise money for the DNC in a difficult financial environment .
The DNC has historically supported National Stonewall through sponsorship of the annual Capitol Champions event .
This year , we did not receive any support .
The DNC has traditionally provided materials for the many Pride parades and festivals around the country to help educate the LGBT community about why the Democratic Party is the Party for full LGBT equality .
This year we were informed that we would not be receiving any materials or support for producing materials for the various nationwide Pride activities .
These decisions were very disappointing .
We'd be remiss to also not mention that the recent legal brief of the Obama Administration defending DOMA is incredibly hurtful .
The members of the Board and our membership put our hopes , our dollars and our time into ensuring the election of Barack Obama because we believed that he supported us .
To now have his Administration refer to our relationships in the same terms used by our long time enemies such as Pat Robertson , Jerry Falwell and James Dobson hurts on so many levels .
To have our committed and loving relationships referred to as the moral equivalent of incest and pedophilia is not something that any of us ever expected from this Administration considering how hard we worked to be seen and respected .
For that reason alone , advocating for attendance at a fundraiser to support the Administration and the DNC , while they have not condemned this hurtful language , is not something our membership will receive positively .
The group says it 's not " boycotting " the June 25 fundraiser with Joe Biden ; it just wo n't encourage its members to attend .
Gay money is , historically , of outsized importance to the Democratic Party .
Howard Dean , in particular , launched his presidential campaign in part on enthusiasm from gay donors about his support for civil unions , and maintained those relationships as chairman .
UPDATE : A source forwards over Petrillo 's conciliatory response to Stonewall 's Shane Larson :
While the DNC was unable to help with Pride materials this year , I did , in a recent conversation with Kyle Bailey , express that the DNC would be able to sponsor a project with Stonewall this year .
He mentioned a Young Democrat guide that Stonewall is working on and I asked for him to send a proposal for possible assistance with funding .
I am sorry if that was not communicated .
The full emails , sent earlier this afternoon , is after the jump .
Tom ,
On behalf of the Board of Directors of National Stonewall Democrats , we want to share with you our recent frustrations and to explain why we will not be further promoting the June 25th LGBT community fundraiser with Vice President Biden for the DNC .
First , we want to make it clear that our refusal to promote the event and encourage participation from our many supporters should not be interpreted as a " boycott " .
Many of the members of the Board and our financial supporters have long supported the DNC financially .
Our members will make their own decisions about whether or not they believe that financially supporting the DNC right now is the appropriate step to take .
We recognize your personal support of National Stonewall Democrats and appreciate that support .
However , we are incredibly disappointed that the DNC has made a decision to withhold any financial support to National Stonewall Democrats this year but is in turn asking us to help raise money for the DNC in a difficult financial environment .
The DNC has historically supported National Stonewall through sponsorship of the annual Capitol Champions event .
This year , we did not receive any support .
The DNC has traditionally provided materials for the many Pride parades and festivals around the country to help educate the LGBT community about why the Democratic Party is the Party for full LGBT equality .
This year we were informed that we would not be receiving any materials or support for producing materials for the various nationwide Pride activities .
These decisions were very disappointing .
We'd be remiss to also not mention that the recent legal brief of the Obama Administration defending DOMA is incredibly hurtful .
The members of the Board and our membership put our hopes , our dollars and our time into ensuring the election of Barack Obama because we believed that he supported us .
To now have his Administration refer to our relationships in the same terms used by our long time enemies such as Pat Robertson , Jerry Falwell and James Dobson hurts on so many levels .
To have our committed and loving relationships referred to as the moral equivalent of incest and pedophilia is not something that any of us ever expected from this Administration considering how hard we worked to be seen and respected .
For that reason alone , advocating for attendance at a fundraiser to support the Administration and the DNC , while they have not condemned this hurtful language , is not something our membership will receive positively .
Considering the long and deep relationship between the DNC and the National Stonewall Democrats we hope that we can work together in the future and that the recent developments will not damage those close ties .
We would welcome a meeting between the leadership of National Stonewall Democrats and the DNC to determine how we can continue that longstanding relationship going forward and find ways to deepen it further .
Our leadership is committed to such a course and we hope that the current DNC leadership is as well .
We hope that you can understand our position and will respect our decision to not promote this event or any other future DNC fundraisers targeted towards the LGBT community at this time .
Respectfully ,
Shane Larson
Melissa Sklarz
Linda Gray Murphy
Chris Massicotte
Stephen Gaskill
Babak Movahedi
Olga Hernandez
Bill Jacobs
Craig Roberts
Laurie McBride
-----Original Message-----
From : Tom Petrillo
Subject : Re : Stonewall Democrats and June 25th event
Shane ,
Thank you , and the Board of Directors , for this email .
I definitely appreciate the thoughts and concerns you have shared and want to express my confidence that the DNC and Stonewall can and will maintain a close working relationship .
The partnership that our respective organizations have shared , I believe , have strongly benefitted the LGBT community and the Democratic Party .
I do want to quickly address one item in your email .
While the DNC was unable to help with Pride materials this year , I did , in a recent conversation with Kyle Bailey , express that the DNC would be able to sponsor a project with Stonewall this year .
He mentioned a Young Democrat guide that Stonewall is working on and I asked for him to send a proposal for possible assistance with funding .
I am sorry if that was not communicated .
I 'd love to organize a meeting with Stonewall leadership and the DNC .
After the event next week , I will reach out to you and Jon to work out a date and time .
I really look forward to speaking with you and look forward to growing the DNC / Stonewall relationship .
Thank you for your leadership .
Sincerely ,
Tom
The word for generation ( genea : Greek ) could mean , as some side column reference Bibles note , " the human race " .
This is possible , since the events have not all happened and the human race is still on earth .
But this is not the most natural reading of the word generation .
Typically , you would think of a generation as a time span of less than 100 years , or the maximum typical life span .
Another option , and the one I lean more in favor of is another understanding of the phrase " take place " .
In the Greek New Testament it is one word ( genitai : a 2 Aorist Middle Subjunctive Verb , 3rd Person Singular ) .
David Allen Black , in his book It 's Still Greek To Me , lists a sense of the aorist verb as Ingressive Aorist .
That is , it stresses the beginning of an action .
At the beginning of Mark chapter thirteen Jesus is leaving the temple area and one of his disciples points out the grandure of the temple buildings .
Jesus ' remark to that disciple concerns the fact that these buildings will one day be torn down .
The disciples question Him further as to the times of these events , and so begins an extended teaching from Jesus on the end times .
As Jesus ' remarks are drawing to a close ,
He makes this comment in Mark 13:30 : " Truly I say to you , this generation will not pass away until all these things take place . "
( NASB ) So the reader is left to wonder the meaning of this statement .
Either our understanding of generation is wrong , or we are understanding what Jesus meant by " these things " wrong .
I think there are at least two solutions .
So if I am labelling this verb right , and I hope I am , then we could translate the verse , " Truly I say to you , that this generation will not pass away until these things begin to take place . "
This would mean that the events of the end time began with the persecution of the church and the destruction of Jerusalem in AD 70 .
If this is right , then Jesus ' generation did most certainly live to see these things take place .
Los Angeles Probate Attorney
Gregory J. Lederman focuses exclusively on estate , trust , litigation conservatorship and probate matters .
We assist a diverse array of clients , including individuals , business owners , professionals and other attorneys with a wide variety of issues , including :
A Chinese semantic network with semantic ( argument structure ) annotation was built and investigated for finding its global statistical properties .
The results show that semantic network is also small - world and scale - free but it is different from syntactic network in hierarchical structure and correlation between the degree of a node and that of its neighbors .
Language networks are small - world and scale - free , although they are built based on different principles .
Similar global statistical properties shown by language networks are independent of linguistic structure and typology .
So , do linguistic structures really influence the statistical properties of a language network ?
More concretely , does semantic or conceptual network have the same properties as a syntactic one ?
Institute of Applied Linguistics at Communication University of China has shown that dynamic semantic network of human language is also small - world and scale - free but it is different from syntactic network in hierarchical structure and node 's degree correlation .
The study is reported in Volume 54 , Issue 16 ( August 2008 ) of the Chinese Science Bulletin because of its significant scientific value .
" Semantic networks , in particular , dynamic semantic networks based on real language usage , are useful to explore the organization of human semantic ( or conceptual ) knowledge and human performance in semantic or knowledge processing , helpful to develop better natural language processing system , " noted principal investigator Haitao Liu , professor and director of Institute of Applied Linguistics at Communication University of China .
" This research is the first paper to observe the dynamic semantic networks of human language . "
The research built Chinese semantic network with semantic role annotation and explored its global statistical properties .
The method in this research can also be applied to other languages .
The study shows that the semantic network tends to create a longer path length between two nodes and a greater diameter than syntactic networks .
That makes semantic network a poorer hierarchy .
There is a weaker correlation between the degree of a node and that of its neighbors in a semantic network than that in a syntactic network .
The disassortative property of a syntactic network can reflect the relation between content and functional words .
As a result , the absence of functional words makes a flatter curve in semantic network .
It is perhaps interesting to notice the similarity between syntactic and biological networks , which is demonstrating the biological foundations of language as claimed in biolinguistics .
However , it needs much more explanations on why semantic network is less biological than syntactic network in the future .
Structurally , semantic network is more similar to conceptual network in the brain .
Therefore the study is helpful for finding better statistical patterns to describe linguistic and cognitive universals from the viewpoint of complex networks .
More information : Liu H T. Statistical properties of Chinese semantic networks .
Chinese Sci Bull , 2009 , 54 : 2781―2785 , doi : 10.1007/s11434-009-0467-x
Source : Science in China Press
Explore further Monkey Math Machinery is Like Humans '
At the Mississippi Department of Human Services ' May 16 summit entitled " Abstinence Works : Let 's Talk About It , " we did n't talk about abstinence .
But we sure did chant , cheer , dance , pray and sing about it .
Here are a few ( of the many ) things that stood out to me .
Before the summit began , rap music blasted over the speakers .
The 5,000 kids in attendance spent their time inside dancing and singing along to Soulja Boy 's hit song " Crank Dat , " the chorus of which repeats , " Watch me crank that soulja boy , then superman that ho , " which most young people know is a disgustingly explicit sexual innuendo .
Shortly after , the Grenada Middle School cheerleaders performed their catchy cheer " Stop , do n't touch me there !
You know this is my no - no square , " outlining the shape of a box around their shorts .
Talk about mixed messages .
The event was state - sponsored and state funded , but Rev. Gary Bell led the rowdy group in prayer , closing with " in the name of Jesus Christ . "
Performers sang about the glory of God and performed interpretative dancing to gospel songs .
Judge John Hudson 's speech quoted the Bible and reviewed the Ten Commandments .
How does that relate to abstinence ?
According to Hudson , the commandment " Do not commit adultery " directly translates to " Do not engage in promiscuous sex , or sex before marriage . "
The constant and overzealous harping on God and Jesus was n't just wrong because it ostracized anyone who did n't prescribe to a particular brand of Christianity ; it was wrong because it was illegal .
Taxpayer and state money funded the event , and last time I checked it is unconstitutional to use those funds to promote a specific religious message or agenda .
The main speaker , David Mahan , CEO of Frontline Youth Communications , spoke for 90 minutes and amazingly kept the kids ' attention most of the time .
However , he provided erroneous information , employing allegories and analogies to skirt the subject .
An example is : " Fire is good in the fireplace , " a witty allusion to sex within marriage .
But did he talk about the increasing rate of HIV infections within marriages ?
No .
He did , however , make misogynistic declarations such as : " There is nothing more beautiful and nasty than childbirth .
A pregnant woman will rip the skin off your arm . "
He later mimicked the teenage girls who call his wife , a pregnancy crisis counselor , in the middle of the night : " At 3:30 or 4 in the morning , I answer the phone ... and the girl says ' I 'm a little embarrassed to say this , but I think I might be pregnant .
I do n't know how that happened .
Ҕ
He imitated the girl using a ditzy , high - pitched voice .
Neither Mahan nor any of the speakers offered information on what to do if abstinence fails .
Did he talk about proper use of condoms or birth control ?
No , but he did make the offhand and scientifically unfounded comment that condoms are " pieces of rubber that deteriorate in your back pocket .
They only work some of the time . "
But the medical community considers an 87 to 98 percent effectiveness rate in preventing sexually transmitted diseases and pregnancy as more than " some of the time . "
And how did the summit address the LGBTQ community ?
Well , it did n't .
In most states , certainly Mississippi , same - sex marriage rights are not recognized , so how are they supposed to handle their sexuality ?
I would like to know why scientifically valuable and life - saving information is being censored and made unavailable , and to what end ?
Mississippi has spent more than $ 16 million in abstinence - only programs , yet the state ranked No. 1 in teen births in 2009 , and in the top five in STD infection numbers .
Mississippi even took the No. 1 spot in 2006 with the highest number of gonorrhea infections .
As a college student , it 's not difficult to remember the anxious , insecure days of preadolescence and teenagedom .
I tried to put myself in the place of the kids who attended the pep rally I mean , summit .
I would have walked out of the Mississippi Coliseum that day humming a new tune or chanting a new cheer , but my level of sexual education would not have improved .
In fact , it would have been dangerously stunted .
Kate Royals is a senior at Millsaps College and a former JFP intern .
This column appeared in the Huffington Post .
Previous Comments
ID 148809 Comment “ Stop , do n’t touch me there !
You know this is my no - no square . "
Some might argue that spending $ 16 million on " sex education " of this sort is an appalling waste of money , but I say that it is only through sufficient pep that we will reduce teen pregnancy .
We must have the courage of our hypocrisy , the sanctimony of our baloney , and the rectitude of our pulchritude if we are to have any hope of keeping Satan out of our underpants .
“ Stop , do n’t touch me there !
You know this is my no - no square . "
Money well spent !
Author Brian C Johnson Date 2009-06-18T15:05:18-06:00
ID 148810 Comment This is absolutely atrocious !
I certainly do not want my tax dollars going to spread religious views under the guise of " abstinence education " .
Had the event centered around STDs , real pregnancy rates , costs of a child , etc. , I would be more amenable .
It seems this event , as Kate says , is both confusing and nonfactual .
Courts have already ruled that school - led prayer is not allowed , this seems to go way beyond a teacher having the class say grace before lunch ( as I was forced to endure as a child in South Mississippi and , from what I hear , many kids today still endure in many rural schools )
I wonder what a tax payer could do to bring this blatant abuse of taxpayer dollars into the open and have it ceased ?
As a parent , I 'm sure there are some rights , but for those of us not directly involved , it may be more difficult .
I would certainly take that case myself .
Author rnslaw Date 2009-06-18T15:22:13-06:00
ID 148811 Comment I 'm trying to picture playing Soulja Boy music at a " religious " rally .
Author golden eagle Date 2009-06-18T15:22:24-06:00
ID 148813 Comment
We must have the courage of our hypocrisy , the sanctimony of our baloney , and the rectitude of our pulchritude if we are to have any hope of keeping Satan out of our underpants .
Well said , Brian .
Classic ...
Author Ronni_Mott Date 2009-06-18T16:43:22-06:00
ID 148814 Comment
At the risk of getting yelled at again for going against the preferred beliefs of the JFP .... ;)
Abstinence works if you practice it .
Since we do have the # 1 Teen Birth rate , it means there are a lot of teenagers who are n't Abstaining .
Author Ironghost Date 2009-06-18T17:25:29-06:00
ID 148815 Comment ... which means that abstinence , as a public education policy , does n't work .
Author Tom Head Date 2009-06-18T19:12:51-06:00
ID 148816 Comment I did n't mean to be so abrupt , Iron , but when I saw that cheerleaders were doing a " no - no square " dance , the absurdity overwhelmed me .
The central issue is the so - called State Department 's flagrant proselytizing for evangelical Christianity in the name of " sex education . "
You can see a video about the event here , courtesy of the ACLU .
If I may quote the invocation for this state - funded " educational " event : " Lord , I just thank you for this morning , I thank you for this gathering that 's here , today Lord .
You 're so wonderful that you can bring this together , Lord .
Lord , I pray this in your precious name , in the name of Jesus Christ , Amen . "
Could n't he have at least mentioned the State of Mississippi , which paid for the event ?
Incredibly , the rally was the " Fifth Annual Abstinence Works , Let 's Talk About It !
Teens Speaking Up Summit . "
Or as I like to call it , the " Fifth Annual Abstinence Works for a While , Let 's Talk About It , Most Adults Do n't Wait for Marriage But Keep Your Mouth Shut , Official State of Mississippi Bible Camp . "
Author Brian C Johnson Date 2009-06-18T19:29:59-06:00
ID 148817 Comment God forbid , literally , that we teach teens how to be responsible adults .
The hypocrisy here sickens me , because these " educators " pretend like they were plucked from nunneries .
Yet , almost every adult has sex outside of marriage .
If we use children to project " the way things out to be , " we simply saddle them with our anxieties .
I know only a couple of adults who married their first sexual partner .
Sex education should teach teens about what is actually happening with their bodies .
Any American has the option of going to Sunday School , and that 's a wonderful thing .
But school should be school , not some misinformation revival .
Author Brian C Johnson Date 2009-06-18T19:43:21-06:00
ID 148818 Comment More " rules , " courtesy of state - sponsored Judge John Hudson : " Where did these rules of abstinence come from , to begin with ?
Well it all begins as you well know , with our Creator , when he created you and me .
He looked at us , and what did He say ?
After
He created human beings ?
He said , ' This is good .
This is good .' ...
And what God said was , ' Abstain .
Stop .
You see , He knew clearly what was best for us . ' "
Author Brian C Johnson Date 2009-06-18T19:49:27-06:00
ID 148819 Comment Actually , I 'm pretty sure he said " be fruitful and multiply " ...
Author Tom Head Date 2009-06-18T20:02:31-06:00
ID 148820 Comment Oh , I can imagine how absurd it looks .
Abstinence does have a place however , in the curriculum .
I 'm not sure I like the government teaching sex ed .
Too many things there kids should ideally hear from parents .
I know life is n't like that , however .
Author Ironghost Date 2009-06-18T20:02:35-06:00
ID 148821 Comment " The State of Mississippi put on this teen summit , and advertised that it was going to be sponsoring this event .
It selected all of the speakers .
It allowed a Christian sermon to take place under the umbrella of an event that it was sponsoring . "
- Brigitte Amiri , ACLU Author Brian C Johnson Date 2009-06-18T20:17:31-06:00
ID 148824 Comment
In short , why does our message to youth have to be so dishonest ?
We should be able to say , " It 's better to wait until you 're an adult before you have sex .
But we are going to teach you about your body and birth control .
You should know that there is this thing called ' the condom . '
Please use a condom if you have sex . "
Madness !
Author Brian C Johnson Date 2009-06-18T21:28:03-06:00
ID 148829 Comment I 've always been a bit unclear on how you teach " abstinence " if you cannot explain what the students are supposed to abstain from .
Because , uh , that might mean they 'd do it .
I believe abstinence is a good idea for young people .
I do not believe that government has any right trying to legislate it , nor do they have any idea how .
Abstinence programs are much more about the adults pretending to be virtuous .
People will spend a lot of taxpayer money pretending to be holier than thou .
It 'd be a different argument if it was actually working .
As it is , it is ridiculous waste of taxpayer money on the facade that it * ought * to work .
Author DonnaLadd Date 2009-06-18T22:03:03-06:00
ID 148830 Comment Oh , and cheers to Kate , a former JFP intern .
This piece first appeared on Huffington Post , and we asked to reprint it .
I 've asked her to write more columns for us .
Author DonnaLadd Date 2009-06-18T22:03:50-06:00
ID 148835 Comment Some teens do choose abstinence .
For others , abstinence is chosen for them ...
We should be honest with kids and provide full disclosure as part of a sex ed course .
Abstinence is the best way for a young person to avoid pregnancy and STDs .
Those that desire to be sexually active , condoms are a must , even if they not 100 % against any and all STDs or pregnancies , and this should be explained in detail .
For the rest , a jar of hand cream and box of tissues is sufficient ...
Author Jeff Lucas Date 2009-06-19T06:25:50-06:00
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) -- U.S. stocks rallied in morning trade Thursday , sending the Dow industrials above 9,000 for the first time since January , helped by upbeat earnings and news that U.S. sales of existing homes rose for a third straight month in June .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA , +1.00 % was up 151 points , or 1.7 % , at 9,030 .
It last stood above 9,000 on Jan .
6 . The S&P 500 index SPX , +0.68 % rose 17 points , or 1.8 % , to 971 , while the Nasdaq Composite COMP , +0.69 % gained 34 points , or 1.8 % , to 1,960 .
Add this to the Bush administration ’s sordid legacy : a refusal to investigate charges that forces commanded by a notorious Afghan warlord  and American ally  massacred hundreds , perhaps thousands , of Taliban prisoners of war in late 2001 .
According to survivors and witnesses , over a three - day period , fighters under the command of Gen. Abdul Rashid Dostum stuffed surrendering Taliban prisoners into metal shipping containers without food or water .
Many suffocated .
Guards shot others to death .
The victims are believed to be buried in a grave in the desert of Dasht - i- Leili in northern Afghanistan .
Although the deaths were previously reported , The Times ’s James Risen has now detailed repeated efforts by the Bush administration to discourage any investigation of the massacre  even after officials from the F.B.I. and the State Department , along with the Red Cross and human rights groups , tried to press the matter .
Physicians for Human Rights , which discovered the mass grave in 2002 , says the site has since been tampered with .
Satellite photos seem to bear this out .
General Dostum , unfortunately , had far too many powerful friends looking out for him .
He was on the C.I.A. payroll and his militia worked closely with United States Special Forces in the early days of the war .
President Hamid Karzai made him his military chief of staff .
General Dostum was suspended last year after allegedly threatening a rival at gunpoint .
Mr. Karzai recently reappointed him .
Toxin linked to autism and neurological disorders to be included in shots
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Thursday , July 30 , 2009
The Washington Post confirmed today that the swine flu vaccine , which is set to be rolled out nationwide this fall in what some fear could ultimately become a mandatory vaccination program , will contain mercury , a toxin linked with autism and neurological disorders .
Claims by the CDC and the Institute of Medicine , following a whitewash study that ignored previously verified evidence , that thimerosal , a mercury based preservative , has no causal relationship to skyrocketing cases of autism have been soundly rejected by top doctors and scientists ever since .
Epidemiologist Tom Verstraeten and Dr. Richard Johnston , an immunologist and pediatrician from the University of Colorado , both concluded that thimerosal was responsible for the dramatic rise in cases of autism but their findings were dismissed by the CDC .
Cases of autism in the U.S. have increased by 1,500 per cent since 1991 , which is when vaccines for children doubled , and the number of immunizations is only increasing .
Just one in 2,500 children were diagnosed with autism before 1991 , whereas one in 166 children now have the disease .
A peer reviewed study by Dr. Mark Geier which appeared in the Journal of American Physicians and Surgeons showed that the IOM research was flawed because it was largely based on a Danish study by Anders Peter Hviid , which did not account for the fact that American children have a much higher mercury burden than children in Denmark .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
“ At the high levels ( of thimerosal exposure ) , it is undeniable there is a causal relationship , and we have gone to high levels .
Their studies , therefore are not relevant , I am not saying they are wrong , although there are many criticisms of it .
It is just not relative to the US situation , ” said Geier .
Geier ’s study concludes that there is an increase of neurodevelopment disorders following the use of thimerosal containing vaccines .
Dr. Rashid Buttar , who has pioneered a new treatment for autistic children that removes mercury from their bodies , said the Institute of Medicine ’s conclusion that mercury does not cause autism demonstrates the “ complete absence of any desire to discover scientific truth at the supposed highest levels of medical academia . ”
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
“ When 31 children recover from a devastating disease by a simple transdermal treatment that detoxifies metals , then common sense dictates that perhaps metals are involved , ” states Dr. Bob Nash the chairman of the American Board of Clinical Metal Toxicology ( ABCMT ) in regard to Dr. Buttar ’s treatment .
“ In 1977 , a Russian study found that adults exposed to ethylmercury , the form of mercury in thimerosal , suffered brain damage years later .
Studies on thimerosal poisoning also describe tubular necrosis and nervous system injury , including obtundation , coma and death .
As a result of these findings , Russia banned thimerosal from children ’s vaccines in 1980 .
Denmark , Austria , Japan , Great Britain and all the Scandinavian countries have also banned the preservative , ” writes Dawn Prate .
Mercury is classified by The Department of Defense as a hazardous material that could cause death if swallowed , inhaled or absorbed through the skin , and the EPA is now limiting mercury emissions from factories because the toxin “ can damage the brain and nervous system and is especially dangerous to fetuses and small children , ” but according to the CDC it ’s perfectly safe to inject into your child ’s bloodstream .
Despite concerns about thimerosal and mercury , which have led to the preservative being reduced or removed from a large portion of vaccines over the last five years , thimerosal will be an ingredient of the swine flu vaccine which is set to arrive in the U.S. this September .
“ Some of the vaccine will be stored in multi - dose vials containing thimerosal , an antibacterial additive that contains mercury , ” reports the Washington Post today in an article about which groups will receive the swine flu vaccine first .
“ There will also be single - dose syringes without thimerosal , a substance that some assert is harmful to children , ” adds the article , without mentioning whether or not people who take the vaccine will get a choice or even be informed if it contains mercury .
Around 12,000 U.S. children will be used as guinea pigs for the experimental swine flu vaccine also known to contain the dangerous ingredient squalene , which has been directly linked with cases of Gulf War Syndrome and a host of other debilitating diseases .
Squalene “ contributed to the cascade of reactions called “ Gulf War syndrome .
( GIs developed ) arthritis , fibromyalgia , lymphadenopathy , rashes , photosensitive rashes , malar rashes , chronic fatigue , chronic headaches , abnormal body hair loss , non-healing skin lesions , aphthous ulcers , dizziness , weakness , memory loss , seizures , mood changes , neuropsychiatric problems , anti-thyroid effects , anaemia , elevated ESR ( erythrocyte sedimentation rate ) , systemic lupus erythematosus , multiple sclerosis , ALS , Raynaud ’s phenomenon , Sjorgren ’s syndrome , chronic diarrhea , night sweats and low - grade fever , ” according to Micropaleontologist Dr. Viera Scheibner .
Pharmaceutical companies can be assured that they wo n’t face reprisals for the many thousands of injuries and deaths that will inevitably occur as a result of exposing millions to mercury and squalene during a mass vaccination program , because the government has already acted to provide them with blanket immunity from lawsuits .
“ Vaccine makers and federal officials will be immune from lawsuits that result from any new swine flu vaccine , under a document signed by Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius , ” reported the Associated Press earlier this month .
This article was posted : Thursday , July 30 , 2009 at 9:58 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
We whipped up this comic after Wes was done battling 8 - legged home invaders and Tony cleaned up all of the ranch dressing that he spilled on himself … in bed .
Scientists have performed the first DNA - based reconstruction of the giant extinct moa bird , using prehistoric feathers recovered from caves and rock shelters in New Zealand .
Researchers from the University of Adelaide and Landcare Research in New Zealand have identified four different moa species after retrieving ancient DNA from moa feathers believed to be at least 2500 years old .
The giant birds – measuring up to 2.5 metres and weighing 250 kilograms – were the dominant animals in New Zealand ’s pre-human environment but were quickly exterminated after the arrival of the Maori around 1280 AD .
PhD student Nicolas Rawlence from the University ’s Australian Centre for Ancient DNA says until now , the scientific community has not known what the 10 different species of moa looked like .
” By using ancient DNA we have been able to connect feathers to four different moa species , ” he says .
The researchers compared the feathers to others found in the sediments from red-crowned parakeets that are still living today , determining they had not faded or changed in colour .
They then reconstructed the appearance of the stout - legged moa , heavy - footed moa , upland moa and the South Island giant moa .
“ The surprising thing is that while many of the species had a similar , relatively plain brown plumage for camouflage , some had white - tipped feathers to create a speckled appearance , ” Mr Rawlence says .
A co-author of the study , Dr Jamie Wood from Landcare Research , says it is likely that the drab colouring was driven by selection to avoid predation by the extinct Haast ’s eagle , the largest and most powerful eagle in the world .
The research team also demonstrated that it is possible to retrieve DNA from all parts of the ancient feathers , not just the tip of the quill , as previously thought .
“ This important finding opens the way to study DNA from museum bird skins while causing almost no damage to these valuable specimens , just by clipping a small part of a single feather , ” says Dr Kyle Armstrong from the Australian Centre for Ancient DNA ( ACAD ) .
ACAD Director Professor Alan Cooper says this finding suggests it may be possible to reconstruct the appearance of other extinct birds using feathers from fossil deposits .
“ There are so many enigmatic extinct species that it would be great to see ‘ clothed ’ , " Professor Cooper says .
Immigrate
Pundits from various disciplines have multiple reasons as to why people immigrate …
Financially Secured Future :
When we see it from an economist point of view , the picture is quite clear – people immigrate to gain ‘ Financial Stability and Better Future Prospects . ’
It is as simple as that !
Smell better collection gentle .
Alert apply after about .
product bother my the it , .
Here is an example – if another country is offering better future anticipations , higher wages and a polished lifestyle , any person would think of immigrating to the other country !
And why not !
High Standard of Living : Now some people give high emphasis on ‘ High Standard of Living . ’
It is often seen that parents send their children abroad to attain a better lifestyle .
The reality is that they try their level - best to provide better career prospects and lifestyle to their children which they themselves might not have acquired in their lives .
And ‘ immigration ’ is the perfect answer to their concerns .
Check Your Eligibility
Education :
Other countries are attired with a huge range of educational opportunities .
Be it top - class universities , high schools , colleges , professional institutes or no matter what , students can get themselves enrolled in any of them in accordance with their preference levels .
Start of a Series :
If sociologists are to be believed , it is a chain of events .
The first person immigrates and sends “ Happily Settled ” information to his loved ones living in the native country .
And then what … others also immigrate to the same country ( or probably a better one ) to enhance their future prospects .
Political Reasons :
In addition , a wide range of political reasons are arrayed with the term ‘ immigration . ’
People immigrate to maintain a global presence amongst various countries .
Moreover , few think that they are not decked with ample political freedom , so they immigrate to other countries in search of the same .
Some change their citizenship to gain a new identity , some to get political rights and others for a better living ambiance .
Needs of Different Personalities : Every person is decked with a different persona .
Extroverts and work - oriented personalities are more likely to immigrate alone as compared to those who are introvert and family - oriented .
The later ones have higher chances of immigrating with their families , rather than alone !
Soul Mate : Various people are finding the prospect of getting married in other countries quite hot .
These are some of the top reasons as to why people immigrate !
If you are one of those who are planning to immigrate , then it is
For more information please us at web@abhinav.com .
For more Canada immigration latest news , you can get visit our website or get in touch with our certified immigration consultants .
After the plane sat on the tarmac for some time , passengers were told that the flight would be delayed - without explanation , according to Cantisani .
They were unable to use phones , receive attendant service or move from their seats .
ETag magic with Django
An ETag is a feature of HTTP that allows for a web server to know if content has changed since the last time the browser visited the page .
The client sends the ETag from the cached page in a header .
If the ETag in the header matches the current ETag then the server lets the browser know that the cached is up - to - date by sending back a 304 Not Modified response .
The most natural way to build an ETag is to generate it from the HTML returned by the view , which I believe is how the default view caching works in Django .
The downside of this is that the page is generated even if the client has a cached copy , and all that is saved is the cost of sending the page to the client .
Bigger wins can be had by using Django 's conditional view processing to calculate an ETag outside of the view .
I have n't seen the requirements documented , but as far as I can tell there is only a single property needed in an ETag :
The ETag should vary with the page , i.e. when the page content changes , the ETag chages .
A simple alternative to generating an ETag from the page content is to store a version number on the model , or models , that are used to generate the page .
If this version number is incremented each time the page content changes , then the version number itself can be used as the ETag .
If you want to keep a version number for a Django model , store it as an Integer Field and increment it in the model 's save method , or hook up a post_save signal handler and do it there .
Keeping a version number is easy to implement , but it has the disadvantage that you have to access the database each time the view is accessed .
It would be nicer still , if the ETag could be generated without even that single DB query .
I have experimented with a simple method of doing this with Django 's caching system .
My ETags are random strings stored in the cache with a key that is created from the parameters to the view .
When the DB object changes , the existing ETag is replaced with a freshly generated one .
Using a random string , unconnected with the model , may seem counter - intuitive , but the contents of the ETag are unimportant as long as it varys with the page .
Here 's some example code taken from my current project .
def get_etag_key ( username , desktop_slug ) : etag_key = " desktopetag . %s . %s " % ( username , desktop_slug ) return etag_key def get_etag ( request , username , desktop_slug ) : " " " Create an etag for the a given deskop .
The etag itself its stored in the cache and is a random identifier .
The cached etag is changed when the desktop changes , so it is always unique . " " " etag_key = get_etag_key ( username , desktop_slug ) etag = cache .
get ( etag_key , None ) return etag @etag ( get_etag ) def desktop_view ( request , username , desktop_slug ) : #
An expensive view
The view desktop_view is a typical Django view , decorated with the etag decorator which simply calls the get_etag function to pluck the ETag ( if it exists ) from the cache – a very fast operation , particularly if memcached is deployed .
The other part of the system is the code that is called when the DB object is changed :
etag_key = get_etag_key ( username , desktop_slug ) cache .
set ( etag_key , str ( random . random ( ) ) )
The above code simply generates a random float and converts it to a string , which serves as a perfectly good ETag .
If you are paranoid ( and every good engineer is ) , you could also append the current time in milliseconds to avoid the possibility of re-generating the same random number .
etag_key = get_etag_key ( username , desktop_slug ) cache .
set ( etag_key , str ( random . random ( ) ) + str ( time . time ( ) ) )
So far , it seems like a pretty good system with negligible overhead , although I have n't yet used it in a production environment .
There is a downside of course ; if you are using an in - memory cache , like memcached , then your ETags will be lost when the server is power cycled – and subsequent pages will regenerated even if there is a cached copy .
As always YMMV .
A silver mask that had belonged to a Roman cavalryman of imperial times .
It was found on the site of the battle of Teutoburg , fought in September 9 a.d .
This year , 2009 , marks the 2000th anniversary of the battle that led to the annihilation of three Roman legions and changed forever the history of Europe .
It was a tremendous shock for the Romans , who saw their mighty army destroyed by uncivilized barbarians .
It was not yet the peak of the Roman Empire , but it was a first hint that something was deeply wrong with it .
This text describes the presentation that I gave at the " Peak Summit " in Alcatraz ( Italy ) on June 27 , 2009 ( the picture shows me speaking there ) .
It is not a transcription , but something that I wrote from memory , mostly in a single stretch , while I had it still fresh in my mind .
The result is that my 40 minutes talk became a text of more than 10,000 words , much longer than a typical internet document ( but still less than Gibbon 's six volumes on the same subject ! )
A talk , anyway , can be longer and more effective than a post , mostly because the people listening to you are not distracted by the infinite distractions of an internet connection .
So , I wrote this post trying to maintain the style of an oral presentation .
I do n't know if it will turn out to be more easily readable than the usual style but , if you arrive to the end , you 'll tell me what you think of it .
Ladies and gentlemen , first of all thank you for being here .
This afternoon I 'll try to say something about a subject that I am sure you are all interested in : the decline and the fall of the Roman Empire .
It is something that has been discussed over and over ; it is because we think that our civilization may follow the same destiny as the Roman one : decline and fall .
So , the Roman Empire offers us some kind of a model .
We can say it is the paradigm of collapsing societies .
And , yet , we do n't seem to be able to find an agreement on what caused the collapse of the Roman Empire .
Historians - and not just historians - have been debating this subject and they came up with literally dozens of explanations : barbarian invasions , epidemics , lead poisoning , moral decadence and what you have .
Which is the right one ?
Or are all these explanations right ?
This is the point that I would like to discuss today .
I 'll be focusing on the interpretation of Joseph Tainter , based on the fact that empires and civilizations are " complex " systems and try to use system dynamics to describe collapse .
Before we go into this matter , however , let me add a disclaimer .
I am not a historian and I do n't pretend to be one .
It is not my intention of criticizing or disparaging the work of historians .
You see , there are several ways of making a fool of oneself : one which is very effective is to try teaching to people who know more than you .
For some reasons , however , it happens all the time and not just with history ; just look at the debate on climate change !
So , what I am trying to do here is just to apply system dynamics on the history of the Roman Empire which - as far as I know - has not been done , so far .
It is a qualitative version of system dynamics ; making a complete model of the whole Roman Empire is beyond my means .
But the results are very interesting ; or so I believe .
The collapse seen from inside .
Let 's start from the beginning and here the beginning is with the people who were contemporary to the collapse , the Romans themselves .
Did they understand what was happening to them ?
This is a very important point : if a society , intended as its government , can understand that collapse is coming , can they do something to avoid it ?
It is relevant to our own situation , today .
Of course , the ancient Romans are long gone and they did n't leave us newspapers .
Today we have huge amounts of documents but , from Roman times , we have very little .
All what has survived from those times had to be slowly hand copied by a Medieval monk , and a lot has been lost .
We have a lot of texts by Roman historians - none of them seemed to understand exactly what was going on .
Historians of that time were more like chroniclers ; they reported the facts they knew .
Not that they did n't have their ideas on what they were describing , but they were not trying to make models , as we would say today .
So , I think it may be interesting to give a look to documents written by people who were not historians ; but who were living the collapse of the Roman Empire .
What did they think of what was going on ?
Let me start with Emperor Marcus Aurelius , who lived from 120 to 180 A.D.
He was probably the last Emperor who ruled a strong empire .
Yet , he spent most of his life fighting to keep the Empire together ; fighting barbarians .
Maybe you have seen the movie " The Gladiator " : Marcus Aurelius appears in the first scenes .
The movie is not historically accurate , of course , but it is true that Aurelius died in the field , while he was fighting invaders .
He was n't fighting for glory , he was n't fighting to conquer new territories .
He was just fighting to keep the Empire together , and he had a terribly hard time just doing that .
Times had changed a lot from the times of Caesar and of Trajan .
Marcus Aurelius did what he could to keep the barbarians away but , a few decades after his death , the Empire had basically collapsed .
That was what historians call " the third century crisis " .
It was really bad ; a disaster .
The empire managed to survive for a couple of centuries longer as a political entity , but it was n't the same thing .
It was not any longer the Empire of Marcus Aurelius ; it was something that just tried to survive as best as it could , fighting barbarians , plagues , famines , warlords and all kinds of disasters falling on them one after the other .
Eventually , the Empire disappeared also as a political entity .
It did that with a whimper - at least in its Western part , in the 5th century a.d .
The Eastern Empire lasted much longer , but it is another story .
Here is a piece of statuary from Roman times .
We know what Marcus Aurelius looked like .
Now , if it is rare that we have the portrait of a man who lived so long ago , it is even rarer that we can also read his inner thoughts .
But that we can do that with Marcus Aurelius .
He was a " philosopher - emperor " who left us his " Meditations " ; a book of philosophical thoughts .
For instance , you can read such things as :
Though thou shouldst be going to live three thousand years , and as many times ten thousand years , still remember that no man loses any other life than this which he now lives , nor lives any other than this which he now loses .
That is the typical tune of the book - you may find it fascinating or perhaps boring ; it depends on you .
Personally , I find it fascinating .
The " Meditations " is a statement from a man who was seeing his world crumbling down around him and who strove nevertheless to maintain a personal balance ; to keep a moral stance .
Aurelius surely understood that something was wrong with the Empire : during all their history , the Romans had been almost always on the offensive .
Now , they were always defending themselves .
That was n't right ; of course .
But you never find in the Meditations a single line that lets you suspect that the Emperor thought that there was something to be done other than simply fighting to keep the barbarians out .
You never read that the Emperor was considering , say , things like social reform , or maybe something to redress the disastrous situation of the economy .
He had no concern , apparently , that the Empire could actually fall one day or another .
Now , I 'd like to show you an excerpt from another document ; written perhaps by late 4th century .
Probably after the battle of Adrianopolis ; that was one of last important battles fought ( and lost ) by the Roman Empire .
This is a curious document .
It is called , normally , " Of matters of war " because the title and the name of the author have been lost .
But we have the bulk of the text and we can say that the author was probably somebody high up in the imperial bureaucracy .
Someone very creative - clearly - you can see that from the illustrations of the book .
Of course what we see now are not the original illustrations , but copies made during the Middle Ages .
But the fact that the book had these illustration was probably what made it survive : people liked these colorful illustrations and had the book copied .
So it was n't lost .
The author described all sorts of curious weaponry .
One that you can see here is a warship powered by oxen .
Of course , a ship like this one would never have worked .
Think of how to feed the oxen .
And think of how to manage the final results of feeding the oxen .
Probably none of the curious weapons invented by our anonymous author would ever have worked .
It all reminds me of Jeremy Rifkin and his hydrogen based economy .
Rifkin understands what is the problem , but the solutions he proposes , well , are a little like the end result of feeding the oxen ; but let me not go into that .
The point is that our 4th century author does understand that the Roman Empire is in trouble .
Actually , he seems to be scared to death because of what 's happening .
Read this sentence , I am showing it to you in the original Latin to give you a sense of the flavor of this text .
“ In primis sciendum est quod imperium romanum circumlatrantium ubique nationum perstringat insania et omne latus limitum tecta naturalibus locis appetat dolosa barbaries . "
Of course you may not be able to translate from Latin on the spot .
For that , being Italian gives you a definite advantage .
But let me just point out a word to you : " circumlatrantium " .
which refers to barbarians who are , literally , " barking around " the empire 's borders .
They are like dogs barking and running around ; and not just barking - they are trying hard to get in .
It is almost a scene from a horror movie .
A nightmare .
So the author of " Of matters of war " is thinking of how to get rid of these monsters .
But his solutions were not so good .
Actually it was just wishful thinking .
None of these strange weapons were ever built .
Even our 4th century author , therefore , fails completely in understanding what were the real problems of the Empire .
Now , I would like to show you just another document from the time of the Roman Empire .
It is " De Reditu suo " , by Rutilius Namatianus .
The title means " of his return " .
Namatianus was a patrician who lived in the early 5th century ; he was a contemporary of St. Patrick , the Irish saint .
He had some kind of job with the imperial administration in Rome .
It was some decades before the " official " disappearance of the Western Roman Empire ; that was in 476 , when the last emperor , Romolus Augustulus , was deposed .
You may have seen Romulus Augustulus as protagonist of the movie " The Last Legion " .
Of course that is not a movie that pretends to be historically accurate , but it is fun to think that after so many years we are still interested in the last years of the Roman Empire - it is a subject of endless fascination .
Even the book by Namatianus has been transformed into a movie , as you can see in the figure .
It is a work of fantasy , but they have tried to be faithful to the spirit of Namatianus ' report .
It must be an interesting movie , but it has been shown only in theaters in Italy , and even there for a very short time ; so I missed it .
But let 's move on .
Namatianus lived at a time that was very close to the last gasp of the Empire .
He found that , at some point , it was n't possible to live in Rome any longer .
Everything was collapsing around him and he decided to take a boat and leave .
He was born in Gallia , that we call " France " today , and apparently he had some properties there .
So , that is where he headed for .
That is the reason for the title " of his return " .
He must have arrived there and survived for some time , because the document that he wrote about his travel has survived and we can still read it , even though the end is missing .
So , Namatianus gives us this chilling report .
Just read this excerpt :
" I have chosen the sea , since roads by land , if on the level , are flooded by rivers ; if on higher ground , are beset with rocks .
Since Tuscany and since the Aurelian highway , after suffering the outrages of Goths with fire or sword , can no longer control forest with homestead or river with bridge , it is better to entrust my sails to the wayward . "
Can you believe that ?
If there was a thing that the Romans had always been proud of were their roads .
These roads had a military purpose , of course , but everybody could use them .
A Roman Empire without roads is not the Roman Empire , it is something else altogether .
Think of Los Angeles without highways .
" Sic transit gloria mundi " , as the Romans would say ; there goes the glory of the world .
Namatianus tells us also of silted harbors , deserted cities , a landscape of ruins that he sees as he moves north along the Italian coast .
But what does Namatianus think of all this ?
Well , he sees the collapse all around him , but he can't understand it .
For him , the reasons of the fall of Rome are totally incomprehensible .
He can only interpret what is going on as a temporary setback .
Rome had hard times before but the Romans always rebounded and eventually triumphed over their enemies .
It has always been like this , Rome will become powerful and rich again .
There would be much more to say on this matter , but I think it is enough to say that the Romans did not really understand what was happening to their Empire , except in terms of military setbacks that they always saw as temporary .
They always seemed to think that these setbacks could be redressed by increasing the size of the army and building more fortifications .
Also , it gives us an idea of what it is like living a collapse " from the inside " .
Most people just do n't see it happening - it is like being a fish : you do n't see the water .
The situation seems to be the same with us : talking about the collapse of our civilization is reserved to a small bunch of catastrophists ; you know them ; ASPO members , or members of The Oil Drum - that kind of people .
Incidentally , we can't rule out that at some moment at the time of the Roman Empire there was something like a " Roman ASPO " , maybe " ASPE , " the " association for the study of peak empire " .
If it ever existed , it left no trace .
That may also happen with our ASPO ; actually it is very likely , but let 's go on .
What destroyed the Roman Empire ?
From our perspective we can see the cycle of the Roman Empire as one that is nicely complete .
We can see it from start to end ; from the initial expansion to the final collapse .
As I said , a lot of documents and data have been lost but , still , we have plenty of information on the Empire - much more than for other past empires and civilizations that collapsed and disappeared as well .
Yet , we do n't seem to be able to find an agreement on the reasons of the collapse .
You have surely read Edward Gibbon 's " Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire " ; at least parts of it .
Gibbon wrote a truly monumental account of the story of the Empire , but he does n't really propose us a " theory " of the causes of the fall , as most historians would do , later on .
On reading Gibbon 's work , you understand that he thinks there was a sort of loss of moral fiber in the Romans .
He attributes this loss to the negative effect of Christianity .
That is , the noble virtues of the Ancient Romans - he says - had been corrupted by this sect of fanatics coming from the East .
This had made the Romans unable to resist to the invading barbarians .
You 'll probably agree that this explanation by Gibbon is a bit limited ; just as are limited other interpretations by authors who came later .
Spengler and Tonybee are two examples , but if we were to discuss their work in detail it would take - well - weeks ; not hours .
So , let me jump forward to the historian who - I think - has given a new and original interpretation of the decline of Rome : Joseph Tainter with his " The Collapse of Complex Societies " .
His book was published for the first time in 1990 .
It is a great book .
I suggest to you to read it and ponder it .
It is truly a mine of information about collapses .
It does n't deal just with the Roman Empire , but with many other civilizations .
Tainter goes well beyond the simplistic interpretation of many earlier authors and identifies a key point in the question of collapse .
Societies are complex entities ; he understands that .
And , hence , their collapse must be related to complexity .
Here is an excerpt of Tainter 's way of thinking .
It is a transcription of a interview that Tainter gave in the film " Blind Spot " ( 2008 )
In ancient societies that I studied , for example the Roman Empire , the great problem that they faced was when they would have to incur very high costs just to maintain the status quo .
Invest very high amounts in solving problems that do n't yield a net positive return , but instead simply allowed them to maintain what they already got .
This decreases the net benefit of being a complex society .
Here is how Tainter describes his view in graphical form ; in his book .
So , you see that Tainter has one thing very clear : complexity gives a benefit , but it is also a cost .
This cost is related to energy , as he makes clear in his book .
And in emphasizing complexity , Tainter gives us a good definition of what we intend for collapse .
Very often people have been discussing the collapse of ancient societies without specifying what they meant for " collapse " .
For a while , there has been a school of thought that maintained that the Roman Empire had never really " collapsed " .
It had simply transformed itself into something else .
But if you take collapse defined as " a rapid reduction of complexity " then you have a good definition and that 's surely what happened to the Roman Empire .
So , what was important with the collapse of the Roman Empire is not whether or not there was an emperor in Rome ( or , as it was the case later , in Ravenna ) .
We might well imagine that the line of the emperors could have continued well after Romulus Augustulus - the last emperor .
And even after him there remained a legitimate Roman Emperor in Byzantium , in the Eastern Empire .
You could very well say that the Empire did n't disappear as long as there were emperors in Byzantium , that is , until Costantinople fell , in the 15th cenntury .
And since the Russian Czars saw themselves as Roman emperors ( that is where " Czar " comes from , from " Caesar " ) , you could say that the Roman Empire did n't disappear until the last Czar was deposed , in 1917 .
But that is not the point .
The point is that the Roman Empire had started undergoing a catastrophic loss of complexity already during the third century .
So , that was the real collapse .
What happened later on is another story .
After that Tainter has spoken of complexity , and of the energy cost of complexity , it is perhaps surprising for us that he does n't consider resource depletion as a cause of collapse .
Resource depletion , after all , is the main theme of Jared Diamond 's book " Collapse " .
It is how he interprets the collapse of many societies .
Tainter explicitly denies that in his book .
He says that if such a thing as depletion appears , then society should react against it .
After all , it is normal : society always reacts to all kinds of crisis , and why should n't it react to resource depletion ?
This point made by Tainter may appear surprising - actually unpalatable - to people who have made resource depletion the centerpiece of their thought .
Peak oilers , for instance .
The disagreement between peak oilers ( and Diamond ) and Tainter may not be so strong as it appears .
That we 'll see as we go deeper into the details .
But before we do that , let me say something general about these explanations that people give for collapse .
It happens all the time that people discover something that they describe as if it was the only cause for collapse .
That is , they sort of get enamored of a single cause for collapse .
They say , " I have the solution ; it is this and nothing else . "
Consider the story that Roman Empire collapsed because the Romans used to drink wine in lead goblets ; and so they died of lead poisoning .
That has some truth : there is evidence of lead poisoning in ancient Roman skeletons ; there are descriptions of lead poisoning in ancient Roman texts .
Surely it was a problem , probably even a serious one .
But you can't see this story of lead poisoning in isolation ; otherwise you neglect everything else : the Roman Empire was not just people drinking wine in lead goblets .
Think of a historian of the future who describes the fall of the American Empire as the result of Americans eating hamburgers .
That would have some truth and for sure the kind of food that most Americans eat today is - well - we know that it is doing a lot of damage to Americans in general .
But you would n't say that hamburgers can be the cause of the fall of the American Empire .
There is much more to that .
The same kind of reasoning holds for other " causes " that have been singled out for the fall of Rome .
Think , for instance , of climatic change .
Also here , there is evidence that the fall of the Roman Empire was accompanied by droughts .
That may surely have been a problem for the Romans .
But , again , we might fall in the same mistake of a future historian who might attribute the fall of the American Empire - say - to the hurricane Katrina .
( I have nothing special against the American Empire , it is just that it is the current empire )
The point that Tainter makes , quite correctly , in his book is that it is hard to see the fall of such a complex thing as an empire as due to a single cause .
A complex entity should fall in a complex manner , and I think it is correct .
In Tainter 's view , societies always face crisis and challenges of various kinds .
The answer to these crisis and challenges is to build up structures - say , bureaucratic or military - in response .
Each time a crisis is faced and solved , society finds itself with an extra layer of complexity .
Now , Tainter says , as complexity increases , the benefit of this extra complexity starts going down - he calls it " the marginal benefit of complexity " .
That is because complexity has a cost - it costs energy to maintain complex systems .
As you keep increasing complexity , this benefit become negative .
The cost of complexity overtakes its benefit .
At some moment , the burden of these complex structures is so great that the whole society crashes down - it is collapse .
I think that Tainter has understood a fundamental point , here .
Societies adapt to changes .
Indeed , one characteristic of complex systems is of adapting to changing external conditions .
It is called " homeostasis " and I tend to see it as the defining characteristic of a complex system ( as opposed to simply complicated ) .
So , in general , when you deal with complex systems , you should not think in terms of " cause and effect " but , rather , in terms of " forcing and feedback " .
A forcing is something that comes from outside the system .
A feedback is how the system reacts to a forcing , usually attaining some kind of homeostasis .
Homeostasis , is a fundamental concept in system dynamics .
Something acts on something else , but also that something else reacts .
It is feedback .
It may be positive ( reinforcing ) or negative ( damping ) and we speak of " feedback loops " which normally stabilize systems - within limits , of course .
Homeostasis has to be understood for what it is .
It is not at all the same thing as " equilibrium " as it is defined in thermodynamics .
For example , a human being is a complex system .
When you are alive , you are in homeostasis .
If you are in equilibrium , it means that you are dead .
Homeostasis is a dynamical equilibrium of forces .
Also , homeostasis cannot contradict the principles of physics .
It can only adapt to physical laws .
Think of yourself swimming in the sea .
Physics says that you should float , but you need to expend some energy to maintain a homeostatic condition in which your head stays above the water .
Now , suppose that your feet get entangled with something heavy .
Then , physics says that you should sink .
Yet , you can expend more energy , swim harder , and still keep your head above the water - again it is homeostasis .
But , if nothing changes , at some moment you 'll run out of energy , you get tired and you can't keep homeostasis any more .
At this point , physics takes over and you sink , and you drown .
It is the typical behavior of complex systems .
They can maintain homeostasis for a while , as long as they have resources to expend for this purpose .
Something similar occurs for human societies .
When there is a forcing , say , an epidemics that kills a lot of people , societies react by generating more children .
Look at the demographic statistics for our societies : there is a dip in numbers for the world wars , but it is rapidly compensated by more births afterward .
Also in Roman times there were epidemics and the eruption of the Vesuvius that killed a lot of people .
But those were small forcings that the Roman society could compensate .
Not all forcings can be compensated , but we know that the Romans were not destroyed by an asteroid that fell into the Mediterranean Sea .
It might have happened , and in that case there would have been no feedback able to keep the empire together .
We would have a single cause for the disappearance of the Roman Empire and everybody would agree on that .
But that has not happened , of course .
Perhaps , something like that has happened to the Cretan civilization ; destroyed by a volcanic eruption - but that 's another story .
So , in Tainter 's view there is this feedback relationship between complexity and energy .
At least the way I interpret it .
Complexity feeds on energy and also strains the availability of energy .
It is feedback .
And not just energy ; resources in general .
So , I think that Tainter is right in refusing a simple explanation like " resource depletion is the cause of the fall of the Roman Empire " .
But , clearly , resources are an important part of his model .
I think Tainter had in mind the Roman Empire when he developed this model , but it is of quite general validity .
If this is the way things stand , his model is not in contrast with the models we have that see resource depletion as the main factor that causes collapse .
But not the only cause .
We must see collapse as something dynamic , and now I 'll try to explain just that .
Dynamic models of collapse
Once we start reasoning in terms of complexity , we immediately see the relationship of Tainter 's model with other models .
I can cite John Greer 's theory of " catabolic collapse " but we can go directly to the mother of all theories based on feedback : the study called " The Limits to Growth " that appeared for the first time in 1972 .
As we know , " The Limits to Growth " was not about the fall of the Roman Empire .
The authors tried to describe our contemporary world , but the model they used is very general and perhaps we can apply it also to the Roman Empire .
So , first of all , we need to understand how the model works .
Let me show you a simplified graphic representation of the model
This image was made by Magne Myrtveit a few years ago and I think it nicely summarizes the main elements of the world model used for the Limits to Growth studies .
There is this problem with dynamic models ; they are often very complex and difficult to understand .
They use a graphical formalism , but if you look at one of these models made - for instance - using the " Stella " or " Vensim " software , all what you see is a jumble of boxes and arrows .
If you are not trained in this kind of things , you can't understand what the model is about .
Personally , often I find that the equations are clearer than all those boxes and arrows .
So , we need something more graphical , easier to understand , especially if we have to show these things to politicians .
And , as I said , I think that Myrtveit has struck the right balance here : this graphic is " mind sized " ( I am using a term from Seymour Paypert , who invented the " logo " programming language ) .
It is mind sized because I think that you can make sense of this diagram in a few minutes .
There remains a problem with politicians .
Their attention span is more of the order of thirty seconds or less .
But that is another problem .
So , Myrtveit 's image shows us the major elements of the world model - the model of The Limits to Growth " - and their relationships .
You see population , agriculture , natural resources , pollution and capital· Five main elements of the model ; each one is rather intuitive to understand .
What is important is the feedback relationship that exists among these elements .
Perhaps the most important feedback loop is the one between capital and natural resources .
Here is how the authors of " The Limits to Growth " have described this relationship :
The industrial capital stock grows to a level that requires an enormous input of resources .
In the very process of that growth it depletes a large fraction of the resources available .
As resource prices rise and mines are depleted , more and more capital must be used for obtaining resources , leaving less to be invested for future growth .
Finally investment cannot keep up with depreciation , and the industrial base collapses , taking with it the service and agricultural systems , which have become dependent on industrial inputs .
Considering just two elements , instead of five , is not in contradiction with the more complex model .
It makes sense especially when you are not considering a whole empire but something more limited , for instance the oil industry .
Here are the results of this approach , this time with the equations written in clear .
You see that we obtain " bell shaped " curves .
We do see bell shaped curves whenever a natural resource is exploited in a free market conditions .
The " Hubbert curve " for oil production is just one case .
There are many others .
The curve is the result of a phenomenon called overexploitation or overshoot that leads to destroy even resources which are in principle renewable .
The story of whaling in 19th centuries is typical and I wrote a paper on that - I am writing another one .
It is a fascinating subject : whales are a renewable resource , of course , because they reproduce .
But they were hunted so efficiently that , by end 19th century , it is estimated that in the Oceans there were only 50 females left of the species that was most hunted : the " right whale . " ( " right " is because it was easy to kill , of course nobody had asked the opinion of whales on this name ) .
If you consider all five elements , things become more complex , but the general approach does n't change that much .
You can play a game with the scheme in Myrtveit 's figure and you can relate it to what Tainter said about human societies .
You remember that Tainter says that if a crisis emerges , society will try to cope with it .
From the scheme , you can see what happens as time goes by and as people do things to avoid collapse .
So , suppose that pollution becomes a serious problem .
Let 's imagine that fumes from smokestacks are killing people ; then society will allocate some capital to reduce fumes .
Say , they would place filters on smokestacks .
But filters need energy and natural resources to be built and that will place some further strain on natural resources .
That will put strain on capital - so , fighting pollution may accelerate collapse , but not fighting it may cause collapse as well , although for different reasons - because pollution kills people and that makes it more difficult to generate capital and so on .
You see how it works .
Let 's make another example .
Suppose that population grows to the point that there is not enough food for everybody .
In response , society will use a fraction of its natural resources to produce fertilizers which will increase the yield of agriculture .
That , however , will create a further increase in population that will put further strain on population and generate more pollution .
That , in turn , will put new strain on capital and resources , and so on ...
Within limits , society can always adapt in this way - it is homeostasis , as I said .
But only within limits .
You can play this kind of game in various ways .
The five elements figure by Magne Myrtveit is a good tool to gain a feeling of how society reacts to external interventions and how it evolves with the gradual depletion of natural resources .
If these resources are non renewable , as it is the case of our mineral resources , eventually , the amount of capital that can be created and maintained must go down - it is one of the possible causes of collapse .
Probably the most common .
But in order to see how it is going to happen , you need to run the model in a computer and see what you get .
Here are typical results , from the 2004 edition of " The Limits to Growth " .
This is called the " standard run " or the " base case " scenario .
It is a run of the model with the parameters most closely fitting the present situation .
You see collapse occurring - it is when you see industrial and agricultural production crashing down .
As you can see , the more complex model still produces bell shaped curves , although non symmetric ones .
Note that the model does n't have a " complexity " parameter built in .
However , it is clear that when the industrial and the agricultural system cease to function it is complexity going down ( and population as well , of course ) .
So , in a certain sense , the " Limits to Growth " model is compatible with Tainter 's model - or so I tend to see things .
Of course , you do n't have to take this scenario as a prophecy .
It is just a mental tool designed to amplify your understanding of the system .
You can change the parameters and the assumptions - collapse can be postponed , but the model is very robust .
An important point is that these bell shaped curves are typical and are always the result , unless you use very specific assumptions in input , usually assuming human intervention to avoid collapse .
People are very good at optimizing exploitation .
The problem is that they exaggerate and take out of the system more than what the system can replace .
And that is the reason of the curve .
First you go up because you are so good at exploiting the resource ; then you go down because you have exploited it too much .
In the middle , there has to be a peak - it is " peak - resource " .
In the case of crude oil , people speak of " peak oil " .
In the case of a whole civilization , we may speak of " peak civilization " .
And , as we said before , peak civilization also corresponds to " peak complexity " , in the sense that Tainter described .
One last point , here .
Collapse is not irreversible .
Society goes in overshoot , then collapses , but the collapse gives time to the overexploited resource to reform , so growth can restart after a while .
Homeostasis is like orbiting around an equilibrium point , without ever reaching it .
It is a cycle that may keep going up and down , or may dampen out to reach an approximately stable state .
That is , if the resource is renewable .
If it is not , like oil or uranium , when it is used up , there is no more .
In this case , there is no return from collapse .
Also , from the viewpoint of a human being , even a reversible collapse that involves society as a whole tends to last much longer than a human lifetime .
So , for what we are concerned , collapse is irreversible if we are caught by it and is something that we do n't like , clearly .
So we set up things like ASPO and TOD to see if we can convince politicians to do something to avoid collapse .
Whether we 'll succeed is another matter , but let 's not go into that now .
The dynamic fall of the Roman Empire
Now we know that we should expect to see these bell curves in the behavior of a complex civilization or an empire .
So , we can try to give a look to the Roman Empire in this perspective and see if it agrees with an interpretation based on system dynamics .
So , first of all , let me propose a simplified model based on the same scheme that Magne Myrtveit proposed for our world as described in " The Limits to Growth " .
Please do not take it as anything more than a sketch , but it may be helpful for us to understand the mechanism that lead the Empire to collapse .
Now , let me try to explain how this scheme could work .
We know that the Roman Empire was based mainly on two kinds of resources : military and agricultural .
I put the image of a legionnaire for " capital resources " because legions can be seen as the capital of the Roman Empire ; military capital .
This capital , legions , would be built on a natural resource that was mainly gold .
The legions did n't mine gold , they took it from the people who had mined it ( or had stolen it from somebody else ) .
This feedback between military capital and gold is a point that is very well described by Tainter in his book .
You can read how military adventures played a fundamental role in the growth of the empire , and earlier on of the Roman Republic .
There was a clear case of positive feedback .
The Empire would defeat a nearby kingdom , rob it of gold and take part of the population as slaves .
Gold could be used to pay for more legions and go on conquering more lands .
Positive feedback : the more legions you have , the more gold you can rob ; the more gold you have , the more legions you can create .
And so on ...
One of the inventions of the Roman was their capability of transforming gold into legions and legions into gold - as I said it is a very clear case of feedback .
Still today we use the word " soldier " , which comes from Latin , and it means " hired " or " salaried " .
It was not only gold , legionnaires were also paid in silver , but the concept remains the same .
Legions paid for the salaries of the legionnaires using the profit they made from looting the conquered lands .
But , as conquest proceeded , soon the Romans found themselves without easy lands to conquer .
It was a problem of EROEI ; energy return on energy invested .
In this case , GROGI ( gold return on gold invested ) .
After the easy conquests of the 1st century b.c. , Gallia for instance , then things became difficult .
The energy yield of conquering new lands went down .
On the North East , the Germans were too poor - and also warlike .
Conquering them was not only difficult , but did n't generate a profit .
In the East , the Parthians were rich , but militarily powerful .
Then on the West there was the Atlantic Ocean , the North was too cold , the south too dry .
Negative feedback , you see ?
With the legions not bringing any more gold , gold disappeared from the Empire for various reasons .
In part it was to buy luxury items that the Empire could n't manufacture inside its borders , silk for instance .
In part , it disappeared because barbarian chieftains were paid not to invade the Empire or to fight alongside with the Romans .
There were other reasons , but anyway gold was a dwindling resource for the Roman Empire , a little like our " black gold " , petroleum .
During the good times , the legions would bring back from foreign conquests more gold than what was spent but , with time , the balance had become negative .
Of course , military conquest was not the only source of gold for Rome .
As I said , we are describing a complex system , and complex systems have many facets .
So , the Romans had gold mines in Africa and in Spain .
And they also had silver mines in Spain .
There are no mines in the scheme ; we could add mines to it , that would n't be a problem .
But the problem here is that we do n't have enough data to understand exactly the role of mines in the economy of the Roman Empire .
We know , for instance , that silver mining declined in Spain with the decline of the empire .
Did mining decline cause the collapse of the empire ?
Personally , I think not .
At least , the Romans had started their expansion much earlier than they had conquered Spain and these mines .
At the time of the wars with Carthage , it was the Carthaginians who held Spain and , I imagine , the silver mines .
But this silver did n't help them much , since they lost the war and were wiped out by the Romans .
So , we should be wary of single explanations for complex events .
We can only say that mines are subjected to the same kind of negative feedback that affects military conquests .
After you exploit the easy ores ( or lands to be conquered ) you are left with difficult ores ( or lands ) that do n't yield the same profit .
It is negative feedback , again .
Then , there was agriculture .
Surely it was an important economic activity of the Roman Empire , as you can read , again , in Tainter 's book .
Agriculture is also subjected to positive and negative feedbacks as you can see in the scheme .
With good agriculture , the population increases .
With more population , you can have more farmers .
In the case of the Roman Empire , as population grows , you can have also more legions which will bring back home slaves which can be put to work in the fields .
But agriculture has also a negative feedback , and that is erosion .
You can see erosion in the scheme listed as " pollution " .
It affects agriculture negatively .
It reduces population and sets everything backwards : negative feedback , again .
The more you try to force agriculture to support a large populations ( including the legions ) the more strain you put on the fertile soil .
Fertile soil is a non renewable resource ; it takes centuries to reform the fertile soil , after that it has been lost .
So , erosion destroys agriculture , population falls , you have a smaller number of legions and , in the end , you are invaded by barbarians .
This is another negative feedback loop that is related to the fall of the Roman Empire .
The question of agriculture during Roman times is rather complex ad the data we have are contradictory ; at least in some respects .
There is clear evidence of erosion and deforestation , especially during the expansion period of the early Roman Empire .
Then , during and after the third century , we have famines and plagues .
These two things are related , plagues are often the result of poor nutrition .
At the same time , we have evidence that the Romans of the late empire were unable to exploit in full the land they had .
It is reported that plenty of land was not cultivated - apparently for lack of manpower .
We also know that forests were returning with the 4th century a.d .
So , there are various elements of the dynamic scheme which connect with each other .
Apparently , the emphasis on military power took away resources from agriculture and ingenerated still another negative feedback : not enough people ( or slaves ) to cultivate the land .
But it may also be that some areas of land were not cultivated because erosion had ruined them .
So , I have proposed to you a scheme and I described how it could work .
But does it work ?
We should now compare the scheme with real data ; fit the data to a model .
The problem is that we do n't have enough data to fit - we probably never will .
So , I did n't try fitting anything ; but I think I can show you some sets of data that are an impressive indication that there is something true in this dynamical model .
First of all , if the decline and fall of the Roman Empire has been a case of overexploitation of resources , we should expect to see bell curves for industrial and agricultural production , for population , and for other parameters .
As I said , the historical data are scant , but we have archaeological data .
So , let me show a plot that summarizes several industrial and agricultural indicators , together with a graph that shows how the extension of the Empire varied in time .
It is taken from In search of Roman economic growth , di W. Scheidel , 2007 " The other graph is taken from Tainter 's book .
Especially the upper graph is impressive .
There has been a " peak - empire " , at least in terms of production and agriculture , somewhere around mid 1st century .
Afterward , there was a clear decline - it was not just a political change .
It was also a real reduction in complexity as Tainter defines collapse .
The Roman Empire really collapsed in mid 3rd century .
It had a sort of " Hubbert peak " at that time .
The other parameter shown in the figure , the extension of the empire , also shows an approximately bell shaped curve .
The Empire continued to exist as a political entity even after it had been reduced to an empty shell in economic terms .
If we think that the extension of the empire is proportional to the " capital " accumulated , then this relationship makes sense if we think of the dynamic model that we saw before .
Capital , as we saw , should peak after production .
This is a bit stretched as an interpretation , I admit .
But at least we see also here a bell shaped curve .
There is more .
Do you remember the curves that are calculated in the dynamic model for the relation Capital / resources ?
You expect the production curve to peak before the capital curve .
Now , I proposed that this relation capital / resources exists between the Roman Army and the gold that they looted .
So , do we have data that show this relationship ?
Yes , we do , although only approximately .
Let 's first see the data for gold .
We do n't have data for the amount of gold circulating within the Empire , but Tainter shows us the data for the devaluation of the Roman silver coin , which we would expect to follow the same path .
Here are the data ( the figure is taken from this site ) :
Now , the amount of precious metal within a denarius is not a precise measurement of the total gold or silver in the Empire , but it is at least an indication that this amount was going down after the first century A.D.
And , since the Romans had started poor , earlier on , there must have been a peak at some time , " peak gold " , probably in the 1st century a.d .
About the size of the Roman Army , we have this figure from Wikipedia .
As you see , the data are uncertain , but if we consider the Western Empire only , there was a peak around 3rd century a.d .
So , you see ?
Army and gold show the correct relationship that we expect to have between capital and resource .
they both peak , but gold peaks before the army .
The Romans kept increasing the size of their army even after the economic returns that they got from military activities went down , actually may have become negative .
It is exactly the same behavior of whalers in 19th century who kept increasing the size of the whaling fleet even it was clear that there were n't enough whales to catch to justify that .
I think this is an impressive result .
At least , it convinced me .
There is more if we look at the Roman population curve , although for this we must rely on very uncertain data ( see , e.g. the paper by Walter Schneidel .
I can't show you a graph , here , too uncertain are the data .
But it seems that , in any case , there was a population peak in the Roman Empire around mid 2nd century .
If this is the case , the Roman population peak arrives after the production peak - just as shown in the " standard run " calculations for the world3 model .
So , I think we have enough data , here , to prove the validity of the model - at least in qualitative terms .
Maybe somebody should collect good data , archaeological and historical , and made a complete dynamic model of the Roman Empire .
That would be very interesting , but it is beyond my possibilities for now .
Anyway , even from these qualitative data we should be able to understand why the Empire was in trouble .
One of the main causes of the trouble was that it had this big military apparatus , the legions , that needed to be paid and did n't bring in any profit .
It was the start of an hemorrhage of gold that could n't be reversed .
In addition , the Empire bled itself even more by building an extensive system of fortifications - the limes that had to be maintained and manned , besides being expensive in themselves .
The story of the fortifications is a good example of what we had said ; the attempt of a complex system to maintain homeostasis .
The Romans must have understood that legions were too expensive if you had to keep so many of them to keep the borders safe .
So , they built these walls .
I imagine that the walls were built by slaves ; and a slave surely cost less than a legionnaire .
Slaves , however , were not good as fighters - I suppose that if you gave a sword to a slave he might think to run away or to use it against you .
You know the story of Spartacus , the leader of a slave revolt in Roman times .
I am sure that the Romans did n't want to risk that again .
But with walls the Romans had found a way to replace legionnaires with slaves .
You needed less legionnaires to defend a fortification than to defend an open field .
That was a way to save money , to keep homeostasis .
But it was n't enough - obviously .
The Romans still needed to pay for the legions and - as a disadvantage - the walls were a rigid system of defense that could n't be changed .
The Romans were forced to man the walls all along their extension and that must have been awfully expensive .
The Empire had locked itself in a cage from which it would never be able to escape .
Negative feedback kills .
Military expenses were not the only cause of the fall .
With erosion gnawing at agricultural yields and mine productivity going down , we should not be surprised if the empire collapsed .
It simply could n't do otherwise .
So , you see that the collapse of the Roman Empire was a complex phenomenon where different negative factors reinforced each other .
It was a cascade of negative feedbacks , not a single one , that brought down the empire .
And this shows how closely related to the Romans we are .
Surely there are differences : our society is more of a mining society and less of a military based society .
We do n't use slaves but , rather , machines .
We also have plenty of gadgets that the Romans did n't have .
But , in the end , the interactions of the various elements of our economy are not that much different .
What brought down the Romans , and eventually will bring us down , is the overexploitation of the resources .
If the Romans could have found a way to use their resources , agriculture for instance , in ways that did n't destroy them , erosion in this case , their society could have lasted for a longer time .
But they never found an equilibrium point - they went down always using a bit too much of what they had .
Avoiding Collapse
From our viewpoint , we see what was the history of the Roman Empire .
But , from inside , as we saw , it was n't clear at all .
But let 's assume that someone had it clear , already at the time of Marcus Aurelius .
I said that there might have been something like an ASPE ; " association for the study of peak empire " .
Or let 's imagine that a wise man , a Druid from foggy Britannia , an ancestor of Merlin the wise , was smart enough to figure out what was going on .
You do n't really need computers to make dynamical models , or maybe this druid made one using wooden cogs and wheels , the whole thing powered by slaves .
So , let 's say that this druid understood that the troubles of the Empire are caused by a combination of negative feedbacks and that these feedbacks come from the cost of the army and of the bureaucracy , the overexploitation of the fertile soil , the fact that Rome had exhausted the " easy " targets for conquest .
Now , it is a tradition of Druids ( and also of ASPO ) of alerting kings and rulers of the dangers ahead .
After all , Merlin did that for King Arthur and we may imagine that the druid we are thinking of felt that it was his duty to do that with Emperor Marcus Aurelius .
So , he decides to go to Rome and speak to the Emperor .
Suppose you were that druid ; what would you say to the Emperor ?
Good question , right ?
I have asked it to myself many times .
We could think of many ways of answering it .
For instance , if gold is running out from the Empire 's coffers , why not suggest to the Emperor to mount a naval expedition to the Americas ?
It is what Columbus would do , more than a millennium afterwards and the result was the Spanish empire - it was also based on gold and it did n't last for long .
Maybe the Romans could have done something like that .
But they did n't have the right technology to cross the oceans and , at the time of Marcus Aurelius , they had run out of the resources to develop it .
So , they had to remain in Europe and to come to terms with the limits of the area they occupied .
The Empire had to return its economy within these limits .
So , there is only one thing that you , as the wise Druid from Britannia , can tell the Emperor : you have to return within the limits that the Empire 's economy can sustain .
So you walk to Rome - kind of a long walk from Eburacum , in Britannia ; a place that today we call " York " .
You are preceded by your fame of wise man and so the Emperor receives you in his palace .
You face him , and you tell him what you have found :
" Emperor , the empire is doomed .
If you do n't do something now , it will collapse in a few decades "
The Emperor is perplexed , but he is a patient man .
He is a philosopher after all .
So he wo n't have your head chopped off right away , as other emperors would , but he asks you , " But why , wise druid , do you say that ? "
" Emperor , " you say , " you are spending too much money for legions and fortifications .
The gold accumulated in centuries of conquests is fast disappearing and you can't pay enough legionnaires to defend the borders .
In addition , you are putting too much strain on agriculture : the fertile soil is being eroded and lost .
Soon , there wo n't be enough food for the Romans .
And , finally , you are oppressing people with too much bureaucracy , which is also too expensive . "
Again , the Emperor considers having your head chopped off , but he does n't order that .
You have been very lucky in hitting on a philosopher - emperor .
So he asks you , " Wise druid , there may be some truth in what you say , but what should I do ? "
" Emperor , first you need to plant trees .
the land needs rest .
In time , trees will reform the fertile soil . "
" But , druid , if we plant trees , we wo n't have enough food for the people . "
" Nobody will starve if the patricians renounce to some of their luxuries ! "
" Well , Druid , I see your point but it wo n't be easy ..... "
" And you must reduce the number of legions and abandon the walls ! "
" But , but ....
Druid , if we do that , the barbarians will invade us ..... "
" It is better now than later .
Now you can still keep enough troops to defend the cities .
Later on , it will be impossible .
It is sustainable defense . "
" Sustainable ? "
" Yes , it means defense that you can afford .
You need to turn the legions into city militias and ... "
" And ...? "
" You must spend less for the Imperial Bureaucracy .
The Imperial taxes are too heavy !
You must work together with the people , not oppress them !
Plant trees , disband the army , work together ! "
Now , Emperor Marcus Aurelius seriously considers whether it is appropriate to have your head chopped off , after all .
Then , since he is a good man , he sends to you back to Eburacum under heavy military escort , with strict orders that you should never come to Rome again .
This is a little story about something that never happened but that closely mirrors what happened to the modern druids who were the authors of " The Limits to Growth . "
They tried to tell to the world 's rulers of their times something not unlike what our fictional druid tried to tell to Emperor Marcus Aurelius .
The heads of the authors of " The Limits to Growth " were n't chopped off , but they were surely " academically decapitated " so to say .
They were completely ignored .
Not just ignored , ridiculed and vituperated .
It is not easy to be a druid .
So , here we found another similarity between our times and the Roman ones .
We are subjected to the " fish in the water " curse .
We do n't understand that we are surrounded by water .
And we do n't want to be told that water exists .
As things stands , we seem to be blithely following the same path that the Roman Empire followed .
Our leaders are unable to understand complex systems and continue to implement solutions that worsen the problem .
As the wise druid was trying to tell to Marcus Aurelius , building walls to keep the barbarians out was a loss of resources that was worse than useless .
But I can see the politicians of the time running on a platform that said , " Keep the barbarians out !
More walls to defend the empire " .
It is the same for us .
Tell a politician that we are in trouble with crude oil and he / she will immediately say " drill deeper ! " or " drill , baby , drill ! "
Negative feedback kills .
But I would like to point out to you something : let 's go back to what our fictional druid was telling to Emperor Aurelius .
He had this slogan " Plant trees , disband the army and work together " .
I had invented it in a post that I had written on the collapse of Tuscan society in 16th century ; it is another story but one that shows how all societies follow similar paths .
Anyway , can you see what kind of world the Druid was proposing to the Emperor ?
Think about that for a moment : a world of walled cities defended by city militias , no central authority or a weak one , an economy based on agriculture .
Do you see it .....?
Sure , it is Middle Ages !
Think about that for a moment and you 'll see that you could define Middle Ages as a solution for the problems of the Roman Empire !
So , our Druid had seen the future and was describing it to Emperor Aurelius .
He had seen the solution of the problems of Empire : Middle Ages .
It was where the Empire was going and where it could not avoid going .
What the Druid was proposing was to go there in a controlled way .
Ease the transition , do n't fight it !
If you know where you are going , you can travel in style and comfort .
If you do n't , well , it will be a rough ride .
We may imagine a hypothetical " driven transition " in which the government of the Roman Empire at the time of Marcus Aurelius would have done exactly that : abandon the walls , reduce the number of legion and transform them into city militias , reduce bureaucracy and Imperial expenses , delocalize authority , reduce the strain on agriculture : reforest the land .
The transition would not have been traumatic and would have involved a lower loss of complexity : books , skills , works of art and much more could have been saved and passed to future generations .
All that is , of course , pure fantasy .
Even for a Roman Emperor , disbanding the legions could n't be easy .
After all , the name " Emperor " comes from the Latin word " imperator " that simply means " commander " .
The Roman Emperor was a military commander and the way to be Emperor was to please the legions that the Emperor commanded .
A Roman Emperor who threatened to disband the legions would n't have been very popular and , most likely , he was to be a short lived Emperor .
So , Emperors could n't have done much even if they had understood system dynamics .
In practice , they spent most of their time trying to reinforce the army by having as many legions as they could .
Emperors , and the whole Roman world , fought as hard as they could to keep the status quo ante , to keep things as they had always been .
After the 3rd century crisis , Emperor Diocletian resurrected the Empire transforming it into something that reminds us of the Soviet Union at the time of Breznev .
An oppressive dictatorship that included a suffocating bureaucracy , heavy taxes for the citizens , and a heavy military apparatus .
It was such a burden for the Empire that it destroyed it utterly in little more than a century .
Our Druids may be better than those of the times of the Roman Empire , at least they have digital computers .
But our leaders are no better apt at understanding complex system than the military commanders who ruled the Roman Empire .
Even our leaders were better , they would face the same problems : there are no structures that can gently lead society to where it is going .
We have only structures that are there to keep society where it is - no matter how difficult and uncomfortable it is to be there .
It is exactly what Tainter says : we react to problems by building structure that are more and more complex and that , in the end , produce a negative return .
That 's why societies collapse .
So , all our efforts are to keep the status quo ante .
For this reason we are so desperately looking for something that can replace crude oil and leave everything else the same .
It has to be something that is liquid , that burns and , if possible , even smells bad .
Drill more , drill deeper , boil tar sands , make biofuels even if people will starve .
We do everything we can to keep things as they are .
And , yet , we are going where the laws of physics are taking us .
A world with less crude oil , or with no crude oil at all , cannot be the same world we are used to , but it does n't need to be the Middle Ages again .
If we manage to deploy new sources of energy , renewable or nuclear - fast enough to replace crude oil and the other fossil fuels , we can imagine that the transition would not involve a big loss of complexity , perhaps none at all .
More likely , a reduced flux of energy and natural resources in the economic system will entail the kind of collapse described in the simulations of " The Limits to Growth . "
We can't avoid to go where the laws of physics are taking us .
Conclusion : showdown at Teutoburg
Two thousand years ago , three Roman legions were annihilated in the woods of Teutoburg by a coalition of tribes of the region that the Romans called " Germania " .
Today , after so many years , the woods of the region are quiet and peaceful places , as you can see in this picture
It is hard for us to imagine what the three days of folly of the battle of Teutoburg must have been .
The legions surprised by the ambush of the Germans , their desperate attempt to retreat : under heavy rain and strong winds in the woods , they never were able to form a line and fight as they were trained to .
One by one , almost all of them were killed ; their general , Varus , committed suicide .
The Germans left the bodies rotting in the woods as a sort of sacred memory to the battle .
The ultimate disgrace for the legions was the loss of their sacred standards .
It was such a disaster that it led to the legend that Emperor Augustus would wander at night in his palace screaming " Varus , give me back my legions ! "
I think we could pause for a moment and remember these men , Germans and Romans , who fought so hard and died .
We have seen so many similarity between our world and the Roman one that we may feel something that these men felt as well .
Why did they fight , why did they die ?
I think that many of them fought because they were paid to fight .
Others because their commander or their chieftain told them so .
But , I am sure , a good number of them had some idea that they were fighting for ( or against ) the abstract concept that was the Roman Empire .
Some of them must have felt that they stood for defending civilization against barbarians , others for defending their land against evil invaders .
Two millennia after the battle of Teutoburg , we can see how useless it was that confrontation in the woods soaked with rain .
A few years later , the Roman general Germanicus , nephew of Emperor Tiberius , went back to Teutoburg with no less than eight legions .
He defeated the Germans , recovered the standards of the defeated legions , and buried the bodies of the Roman dead .
Arminius , the German leader who had defeated Varus , suffered a great loss of prestige and , eventually , he was killed by his own people .
But all that changed nothing .
The Roman Empire had exhausted its resources and could n't expand any more .
Germanicus could n't conquer Germany any more than Varus could bring back his legions from the realm of the dead .
Civilizations and empires , in the end , are just ripples in the ocean of time .
They come and go , leaving little except carved stones proclaiming their eternal greatness .
But , from the human viewpoint , Empires are vast and long standing and , for some of us , worth fighting for or against .
But those who fought in Teutoburg could n't change the course of history , nor can we .
All that we can say - today as at the time of the battle of Teutoburg - is that we are going towards a future world that we can only dimly perceive .
If we could see clearly where we are going , maybe we would n't like to go there ; but we are going anyway .
In the end , perhaps it was Emperor Marcus Aurelius who had seen the future most clearly :
Nature which governs the whole will soon change all things which thou seest , and out of their substance will make other things , and again other things from the substance of them , in order that the world may be ever new .
Marcus Aurelius Verus - " Meditations " ca. 167 A.D .
It 's tougher than ever to plan your finances .
But it 's also easier than ever to find help on the cheap .
There are a host of Web sites that help you lay out a budget and track your spending and investments .
Some let you set up a plan for a long - term goal , like college or retirement , and others offer advice about where to put your money .
And many of these services are free of charge .
To ...
A major push to increase the number of male teachers in primary schools is being launched this week in an attempt to overcome a serious shortage which experts say is affecting boys .
Hundreds of men will attend events in schools , where heads , deputies and teachers will try to persuade them to join the profession .
The sessions are being organised by the Training and Development Agency for Schools ( TDAS ) , which hopes to capitalise on a recent surge in interest .
New figures reveal that inquiries by men about teaching in primary schools have risen by 30.4 % in the past year .
The number of male applicants has risen to one in five , while the proportion of those being accepted on courses has jumped from 15 % to 18 % in a year .
Campaigners say it is the first time in 100 years that there has been an increase , but it still leaves primary schools with a dearth of male staff .
" Whenever I talk about the need to get more men into primaries , the unions say I 'm being anti-women , but it 's not that , " said Graham Holley , chief executive of the TDAS .
" Everyone is trained to handle boys and girls in the classroom and it [ the gender mix of staff ] does not affect attainment .
But education is about more than just academic achievement ; it is about preparation for adulthood , and there is a need for a mix of role models in primary classrooms . "
Holley argued that schools needed to represent society better , " and if we are not attracting men , we are under - exploiting our pool of potential teachers " , he added .
This week 's events are a recognition that more needs to be done .
One will take place at Coleridge primary school in north London , where a survey has been carried out to find out how children feel about the lack of male teachers .
" Girls did n't care , but the boys did .
They said they preferred men because they knew what they liked and did more ' doing things ' , " said Shirley Boffey , the headteacher .
" Men often have a different approach to delivering the curriculum : boys like to do , they like to go outside , they like to be active .
Having male teachers does not only make a difference in the classroom , but also in the staff room ; it changes the tone . "
At another London school , which expects to attract 100 men to its event this week , the headteacher said she was determined to change the image of primary school teaching .
" Thirty or 40 years ago it was seen as a job that women did because it fitted in with their children .
We want it to be seen as a serious profession out of which men and women can expect to make a long career .
We want it to be seen as more hard - edged and dynamic , " said Alyson Russen , head of Millbank primary school .
Millbank has 24 teachers , of whom only four are men .
" That is common , " added Russen , who said it was important to change the balance : " It makes a big difference .
Schools should represent what is out there in the world .
That is what works best for kids , what they need and thrive on .
You want a mix in age , in linguistics , in ability and disability , in ethnic background and in gender .
Teachers are powerful role models . "
Ben Keeling , a lead teacher at the school , hopes that speaking to men about his own experience , starting with the event this week , will help trigger a change : " The job is seen as a more nurturing , caring role and is stereotypically not seen as male .
But , as Alyson says , ' little boys need to learn to become men ' . "
Zimbabwe 's rhinos are being wiped out amid a surge in poaching driven by Chinese demand for the animals ' horns , a wildlife conservation group warned today .
Around 120 rhinos have been killed since last March to feed the lucrative Chinese black market , said Johnny Rodrigues , chairman of the independent Zimbabwe Conservation Task Force .
Since last year economic collapse and the breakdown of law and order have contributed to a rapid escalation in poaching by organised gangs .
" In the past 15 months we 've lost 120 rhinos , and we 're still losing two to four per month , " Rodrigues said .
" We used to have 1,000 in this country . "
The exact size of Zimbabwe 's current rhino population is debated .
Save the Rhino , a British - based charity , puts the total at above 700 .
Rodrigues says it is about 400 .
Both agree the situation represents a crisis .
Rodrigues said that Zimbabwe 's trade links with China , where the rhino horn is highly prized as medicinal , are a driving factor .
" We 're now down to about 400 rhinos , black and white , since the opening of the Chinese market .
Normally the first thing the Chinese ask when they come here is , ' Have you got rhino ?
Have you got rhino ? ' "
He added : " It 's all linked to the top .
All those corrupt ministers are trying to cream off as much as possible before the next election .
But if the carnage continues over the next two years we 'll have nothing left .
The devastation taking place is not sustainable . "
A rhino horn can sell for thousands of pounds on the black market .
Along with Chinese medicine , the horns are used for ornamental dagger handles in some Middle Eastern countries .
Rodrigues said gangs were now using a Chinese - made version of a tranquillising agent that can be fired noiselessly from a dartgun to avoid drawing attention .
The gangs then chop off the horn and leave the unconscious animal for dead .
" They do n't reverse the tranquilliser , so the rhino overheats and dies , " Rodrigues said .
" Anyone who then finds it can't eat the meat – you will die if you do .
" The removal of the horn is very harsh .
They use an axe and disfigure the rhino 's face .
The humane thing to do is put a bullet through its head and burn the carcass . "
Rodrigues is preparing to hand a dossier to the prime minister , Morgan Tsvangirai , in the hope that the country 's unity government will take tougher action .
Government vets have made attempts to de-horn rhinos so they no longer have value for poachers , but the process must be repeated because the horns regrow .
The army and police have been called in to conservation areas and national parks to defend the animals , but it is alleged that some soldiers turn poachers themselves .
Poachers have little to fear .
Even those who are caught are usually freed on minimum bail because there is often no fuel to bring them to court .
Zimbabwe 's Parks and Wildlife Management Authority challenged Rodrigues ' claims , but refused to give a figure for the rhino population .
" We definitely have more than 400 , " said Vitalis Chadenga , director of conservation .
" But it 's true we 're facing an upsurge in the poaching of rhinos .
This has taken place mostly on private farms , though parks have also suffered losses .
He insisted : " The government takes it very seriously .
We have de-horned some rhinos and relocated some to safer areas where we can afford them maximum protection … if you come here in 10 years ' time you will still see the rhino .
They are safe but they are under threat .
There is not a soft touch in terms of law enforcement . "
The Convention on International Trade on Endangered Species has said it will discuss the threat to Zimbabwe 's rhinos at its next meeting in July .
The government has said tourism is one of its best opportunities for quick economic revival .
But Rodrigues warned : " We were the jewel of Africa , but we 've gone back 15 or 20 years .
The wildlife has been decimated to such a stage that there 'll be nothing left for tourists when they come back to the country . "
Version 1.7 hot off the press .
I have added even more ports , slots and cards .
As well as improved pictures of some existing hardware and fixed some errors .
Prints are available .
original size 24x34 @ 180DPI ~ 17.2 MB at time of upload .
I am still seeking hi-resolution image for : PAC611 socket 4LGA 1366 mPGA989LGA1160G3464bit RDIMMXDIMMXDR::EDIT::Version 1.7c has been posted in 1.7's place , as requested the fullsize image is a .png , spelling errors have been corrected , minor errors have been fixed .
2016 version here :
There are still a few slots open .
Do n't Wait : REGISTER to run for Team Heal Trauma at the 34th Marine Corps Marathon .
We ’ve introduced this here and there in other posts , but the topic is important enough to warrant a header of its own .
In short , we ’ve got a big problem , and it ’s getting worse fast : that being , that the earth ’s population has just surpassed 7 billion , and the UN projects that it will reach 10 billion before it begins to level off ca. 2050 .
Now , why is that a problem , people all - too - commonly ask ?
Well , leaving aside the appeal of a world where everyone could afford to own multiple acres of real estate , and where there would be huge swaths of relatively pristine wilderness to adventure in , we can start with the fact that overpopulation is the root cause of almost every bad thing that Al Gore mentions in An Inconvenient Truth .
Gore mentions this briefly , but he does n’t dwell on it , since he knows that mentioning population control is even more of a political pickle than his brave championing of environmental issues .
You see , Global Warming = average eco. footprint x number of people .
So , Gore has been focusing on reducing our ecological footprints per capita – which is fine and dandy , but the simple fact is , that if the population of the planet were say about 1/7th or 1/10th of what it is now , we ’d have a lot fewer emissions – and , what is better : everyone alive could pollute like a smokestack , and not have to worry about its impact on the environment .
I , for one , would far rather live in a world where I could drive whenever I wanted , burn wood in my chimney , and leave all the lights on , than have to live in a world where I am allowed 200 sf of space , ca n’t drive , have a fireplace , or consume anything more elaborate than a bowl of chic peas ( which are my favourite bean , by the way–but beans , after all , are only beans ) .
The point is not to emphasize my own selfish desires , of course , but to point out that this would be the case for everyone –having to ‘ go green ’ would become more or less a non-issue !
So , the desirability of lowering the population is clear , from an environmental point of view .
And if the world only had say 500 million people , wow – I mean , think of the wide open spaces that we could all have to roam in , all the time ?
Think of the nature that could flourish in such a world !
And the diversity that would n’t need to be protected by inevitably half - heartedly enforced laws .
Today we marvel when we go to South Dakota and see a herd of a few hundred bison grazing , and imagine what it must have been like when there were millions , and when they had free roam of the plains from Texas to Alberta .
Now they get a few measly square miles , and are carefully regulated every step of the way : it ’s like the Far Side ’s “ Nature Preserves . ”
Also , one then has to ask the question , why would one not want a lower the global population ?
Why do people look at you like you ’re a nutcase just for suggesting that a world with a billion people would ideally be better ?
I guess part of the problem is that people are so un-used to thinking in terms of ideals that they assume you ’re going to advocate nuclear armageddon or something as your means for lowering population , when as hinted in other posts , one can do just nicely with not - too - drastic , in fact barely noticeable , tax incentives , wisely implemented .
But more on that later .
For now the main thing is that lowering population would not only be good ( read : essential ) from an environmental perspective , but also fabulous because property prices will drop drastically along with population decreases .
This is wonderful , because the average person will therefore be able to afford a lot more land – I have studied the Black Death at some length , and while it certainly sucked to die of plague or to have family members die , those who came after the plague found that they could afford literally three times the real estate that their parents could afford .
So , the point is , now that we have so much more potential to regulate ourselves , we could engineer such an effect with minimal pain or trauma , and maximum benefit to the average person .
So the question is , why do n’t we see big billboards advocating that we all have 1.8 children , which would slowly but securely lower the population levels over , say , 200 years ?
The answer is , that economists , and most of the people with mega - dollars who depend upon them , are terrified of any notion of population decline .
In fact , many middle class people in the US would be against population stagnation or decline for economic reasons as well , for the following reasons .
One , property values would decline , which would mean that everyone ’s house would be worth less , although this effect , if the decline was mild , would not be universal , and might be so gradual that people would n’t really notice .
And in an absolute sense , it really matters rather little if your house if worth 260k or 240k .
Many people obsess about this figure as if it actually impacts their monthly cash flow , which , usually , it does not .
And yet , human nature being what it is , of course most people get far more worked up about their own house losing 10 % of its value over 10 years , rather than have the earth ’s population increase by that amount in the same period – the numbers are simply too abstract for the average person to grasp on their own – unless the pundits seize upon this issue , and make it a public one .
The other reason why economists and investors shudder at the thought of population decline is because the overall growth of the world economy each year is virtually guaranteed to increase , in an average year , so long as population continues to increase .
More mouths means more consumers , more consumers means more bottom line , especially for the largest global firms .
It is true that economic downturn would be spread unevenly , and some industries would always gain shares , even in a declining overall market .
But , again , the gigantic companies like Coca - cola , McD’s , Dow , Bayer , Proctor & Gamble , etc , all depend on having more mouths to buy their products each year for their continued economic growth .
To witness firsthand how highly pro-population growth the economics field is , one need only turn to The Economist , where one continually sees editorials on how countries with low projected population growth rates are decried as economic minefields , while places with high population growth are declared to be economic Nirvana , even if , as in Eastern Europe , these places ’ spiralling population is leading to a drastic reduction of living conditions and well - being for the average person .
Generally , economists are n’t in the business of caring about quality of life per capita .
So what we see here , is a clash of interests , between the investing classes ( including much of the middle class ) and everyone else , who has to suffer from living in high - rise buildings , crowded conditions , noise , pollution , unsightliness squalor , and all the other ills that accompany spiralling population , while the middle classes are at least somewhat insured against these things in the short run .
In the medium and long run , however , the middle classes are not benefitting from their short - sightedness , since the world is quite rapidly becoming overheated .
There are wildfires raging in California and Greece on an annual basis , and this is the beginning of desertification .
Also , middle class living standards in the US peaked some time ago , and the average house now contains much less land than it did in the 70s , when the average person could still reasonably expect to have a whole 1/3 acre of their own ( this should be the minimum size for suburban lots , to ensure enough space between the houses , visually , and for the children of the place to run in and feel free from built - up areas ) .
But compare this to the 1700s , when every American could have 100 acres for the taking !
And , though , sure , population reduction would mean less spectacular economic growth , or even an overall contraction , do n’t tell me that there wo n’t still be plenty of ways to get rich if one feels the need to do so–during the last major European economic decline , which was in the late middle ages , there were still plenty of very wealthy people – the main difference was that the middle class got bigger relative to the poorer classes , and everyone in the mass of citizens , both middle and lower classes , benefitted from cheaper land .
So , how about this UN forecast of 10 billion by 2050 ?
Not only is it alarming that population will get that high , but the UN then predicts that the Earth ’s population will actually plateau , for the first time in perhaps 6 centuries .
Thank goodness that they predict some type of plateau – but let ’s remember what that means : the world population will stabilize at 10 billion anyway , and quite soon , so the economists who are so scared of population stagnation or decline now , will have to confront that anyway !
The point is : sooner , or not too later , economists are going to have to confront the idea of a stagnant or declining population : the world just does not have room for more than 10 billion people , anyway .
Some astonishing people I ’ve read on the net or in futurist magazines confidently predict that “ by then , ” we ’ll be able to go “ to other worlds . ”
( Er , by 2040 ?
I think not ) .
And , like , where ?
Mars ?
Who the hades wants to live on Mars ?
Do all the terraforming you might want – you ’re still going to have to live in what is essentially a shopping mall , with lower gravity and lower sunlight levels , which will have god knows what effects on you in the long run .
No , sorry , folks , Mars is not an option – and I do n’t think we ’ll have warp drive any time in the next century , –if we ever figure out how to travel to nearby stars with any efficiency ( assuming they have liveable planets , etc — all of which is too many ifs to take in any serious way ) .
So , we ’re left with the fact that –sorry –we just have one earth .
And even 10 billion people is probably more than its possible long - term capacity , even with super - enviro cars and energy .
And besides , who wants to live in a world of 10 billion people , when it could so easily be less ?
I think that , in the long run , people will realize this , and aim for a much lower target – so that nature can get back in balance .
It ’s the only viable long - term solution .
Which leaves one further , potentially major , issue to address : what about lengthening lifespans ?
It does look as if we might even be able to ‘ cure ’ natural ageing , certainly within 100 years .
Then what do we do ?
I ’ve heard friends piously talk about how we ca n’t limit people ’s god - given right to have as many children as they want … well , guess what , I ’m biologically capable of a lot of things which are illegal because they harm other people , or they harm the environment .
I mean , I ’m not allowed to piss on my neighbour ’s flower bed , and why not ?
Well , having 10 kids , in this day and age , is basically pollution , people – deal with it !
Every person has a major environmental impact , and nature for centuries had a very simple way of dealing with excess population : it was called starvation and disease , and natural ageing .
But now we have to think : if we cure starvation , disease , and ageing , we also have to realize that this will have other effects that we have to control for , like , say , a global population of 10 billion – when historically , it was never more than a few hundred million , or even less before agriculture was invented .
So , we have to face the fact that we are living in a time when the technology that we worship ( perhaps a little too miuch ) has created major challenges to the environment , one of the worst is the massive overpopulation which has resulted from medical and food - production technology , especially where it has clashed with third world value systems .
It is well known that most of the worst overpopulation today is happening in the 3rd world , and this is largely because , 2 generations ago , people in many parts of the 3rd world were living in a pastoral economy .
In this type of herding economy , the goal is to have multiple wives , and have as many kids as possible – because this makes you rich , because then you can herd more goats .
( That ’s not a joke , though it ’s put very succinctly ) .
There is the clash : the first world ’s discovery of new technologies has ensured accesss to just eough food and medicine that many more children survive , and yet it is in our nature to cling to social norms for several generations , often after they are useful or even beneficial to us .
Even many Americans , especially under the influence of Catholicism and other religious sects , still act as if there is no overpopulation problem , or worse , that God has given them a command to go forth and multiply ( do the math : if we all had 8 kids – well , Earth would look like Coruscant in about 50 years – but these things can no longer be sustained .
Times they are a -changin .
Back to the notion of ‘ curing ’ ageing .
I really hope they do .
I for one would love to live for 500 years ( until statistically an accident would get me ) , and be 26 forever .
Awesome !
But it will probably be just after my time that they break that genetic code which was designed to continually improve our species ’ survival chances , I ’d wager .
And the cure might only be available for the rich .
But when they do cure ageing , then , we ’re finally going to see the public and politicians belatedly coming to the realization that , gosh , I guess we have to limit people ’s ability to have kids , if they choose to have themselves genetically modified so that they do n’t age .
Some religious folks will chose not to get ‘ cured ’ and then they can have their 1.8 kids ( or more , if they pay a small surcharge for the privilege ) .
But at that time , society will still have to figure out what to do about the economics of a stagnant population , and have to live with it .
So , economists – get working – I think it wo n’t be nearly so bad as you think .
And for the rest of us , well , I think that , for human society in the long run , a world with a half - billion people is a world that has taken a giant step towards paradise .
Thus , the Platonist concludes : for an ideal environment , we need to implement policies which aim to maintain a human population of about 500 million or a billion people .
The earth is a finite system , after all , and it ’s the goal of the Platonist to discover a population figure which would provide the richest life experience for every member of the race .
In a world with 10 billion people , the vast majority will have to live in highly crowded conditions , and as human beings we all evolved in a very sparsely populated hunter - gatherer type environment , entirely surrounded by nature .
We all yearn for big spaces , even if we like living in town .
We need ready access to the Earth .
This is only sustainable in the long run if the Earth ’s population is small .
What do you think would be the ideal figure ?
( Oh , P.S. – forgot to address that tagline of some evangelical preachers who advocate unlimited multiplication : “ There ’s plenty of open space in the US ! ”
Well , they neglect to take into account that the economy works in terms of central place function : meaning that most of the jobs in any given socity will tend to clump together , in say NYC or LA .
So yeah , there ’s plenty of land in North Dakota , but there are no jobs , so very few people can sustain themselves there !
Thus : it ’s a non-argument . )
And here ’s a link to the wiki article on the ‘ green revolution ’ , which goes a long way to explaining why we have too darn many people !
( Note the section on ‘ malthusian criticisms . ’
I guess that I would count as a Malthusian in this case ) : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Green_revolution#Malthusian_criticism
And , when I googled this topic , I found very few other links which raised this same question : proof that the word needs to get out .
In this case , the link was to an Utne Reader article , in which a Cornell professor had estimated that , in the long term , the earth should have no more than 2 billion people in order to have a sustainable population on the earth : and note that these people would have only half the living standard of the average American in the 1990s .
Which is why I ’d still argue that something closer to 1 billion would be ideal .
And note , he estimates that if we got average household size to 1.5 ( which would ideally be done thru democratic processes , of course ) , then the population of the earth could be down to 2 billion in only 100 years .
Meaning that this is n’t a pipe dream .
Otherwise , as he and I both agree , the 22nd century , with an earth full of 12 billion or more people living in squalor , is no place for human dignity to thrive .
http://www.utne.com/archives/EcologistSaysUncheckedPopulationGrowthCouldBringMisery.aspx
Archive Feb 2017 ( 2 ) Jan 2014 ( 20 ) Dec 2013 ( 20 ) Nov 2013 ( 17 ) Oct 2013 ( 12 ) Mar 2012 ( 6 ) Feb 2012 ( 2 ) Jan 2012 ( 51 ) Dec 2011 ( 17 ) Nov 2011 ( 32 ) Oct 2011 ( 9 ) Jul 2011 ( 1 ) Jun 2011 ( 15 ) May 2011 ( 3 ) Apr 2011 ( 1 ) Mar 2011 ( 7 ) Feb 2011 ( 2 ) Jan 2011 ( 63 ) Dec 2010 ( 39 ) Nov 2010 ( 34 ) Oct 2010 ( 43 ) Sep 2010 ( 63 ) Aug 2010 ( 3 ) Jun 2010 ( 46 ) May 2010 ( 48 ) Apr 2010 ( 42 ) Mar 2010 ( 54 ) Feb 2010 ( 30 ) Jan 2010 ( 98 ) Dec 2009 ( 50 ) Nov 2009 ( 56 ) Oct 2009 ( 57 ) Sep 2009 ( 51 ) Aug 2009 ( 72 ) Jul 2009 ( 32 ) Jun 2009 ( 50 ) May 2009 ( 83 ) Apr 2009 ( 97 ) Mar 2009 ( 74 ) Feb 2009 ( 43 ) Jan 2009 ( 44 ) Dec 2008 ( 49 ) Nov 2008 ( 62 ) Oct 2008 ( 39 ) Sep 2008 ( 31 ) Aug 2008 ( 48 ) Jul 2008 ( 38 ) Jun 2008 ( 46 ) May 2008 ( 59 ) Apr 2008 ( 62 ) Mar 2008 ( 55 ) Feb 2008 ( 16 ) Jan 2008 ( 1 ) Dec 2007 ( 2 ) Nov 2007 ( 8 )
Norm Geras takes issue with this post of mine :
Andrew says , ' This country is no longer as free as many others in the world - and unrecognizable compared with the free country I found in 1984 .
And it 's getting less free every day . '
But does he really believe it's more appropriate to label the contemporary US as if it belonged in the same category as Nazi Germany , North Korea , the USSR - rather than with the world 's other democracies ?
It 's hard to imagine that he would want to .
That is n't his usual style .
Could it be that application of the term ' police state ' to America today is justified by way of signalling a danger ?
The trouble is that , even if so , it sounds very much like one of those hysterical claims regularly put about by political loonies of one kind and another .
Even in gradual transformations of the kind I alluded to at the beginning of this post , there 's usually some decisive turning point , a threshold event which enables us to say that what was once there has been lost - that ( for the present case ) ' This is no longer a democracy , it 's a police state ' .
I can't believe Andrew really thinks this .
He'd be wrong to if he did .
It 's possible to condemn illiberal measures in a liberal polity without suggesting that that polity is already a thing of the past .
My intent is to protest the creeping growth of police and state power in a republic remade by 9/11 .
It is not to compare the US with " police states " as such .
The increasing incidences of abuse of police power , the staggering incarceration rates in the US ( beyond any other democratic society by a mile ) , the cultural belief that the police are to be obeyed and feared , the draconian measures at the border , the insane protocols on airplane flights , the blithe acceptance of systematic government torture of criminal suspects ... I could go on .
But Norm does not live here .
My posts are not designed to engage in moral equivalence with the Soviets or Nazis - and I have n't mentioned them .
They are designed to raise awareness of government power growing and growing and freedom of the individual vis-a - vis the security state being whittled away .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
I hope you 'll bear with me for a bit while I get something off my chest in a rather angry and irrational way , but if there 's one thing I can't stand , it 's Portal fans .
The game 's superb , but it 's like what happened to Monty Python and the Holy Grail - quoted and referenced until only bones remain , and you can't even enjoy the original without thinking of desperate misfits endlessly referring to the false promise of cake through eager , crisp - spattered grins .
Emptily quoting other people 's jokes in the hope that doing so will somehow make them grow a personality of their own , mindlessly co-opting humor and pop culture in a pathetic quest for acceptance .
The cake thing was n't even the funniest part of the game , for fuck 's sake .
The same kinds of people are the ones who would ( and indeed do ) describe ' Splosion Man as one of the greatest indie games ever , and by Christ are the developers aware of that .
The achievement for getting all the secret cakes from all the levels is called ' Not a Portal Reference . '
But it is , is n't it .
Give your self - effacing sheepish little admission if you like , but acknowledging you have a problem does n't remove it .
It 's like a fat person eating an entire shelf of cream buns , and when you call them out on it , they reply " Oh , I know !
I 'm so fucking fat , are n't I ! " before moving onto the next baked treat .
There 's something unpleasantly cynical about ' Splosion Man 's presentation .
It 's ' wacky ' in a very hollow , calculated fashion .
The references to internet and pop culture memes extend beyond the cake and Portal business - I 'm fairly certain the main character occasionally yells ' GET TO DA CHOPPA , ' and one of the later bosses parrots the phrase ' FOR SCIENCE , ' which are both the kinds of nerd - culture catch - phrases that become annoying within days and wincingly painful the moment you hear them outside of being superimposed onto a picture of a startled cat .
And then people who never mentally grew past the age of 15 say things like " THIS IS THE AWESOMEST THING EVER .
IT 'S SOOO RANDOM . "
Yes , random is funny , is n't it ?
Sometimes I set up a random number generator when I need a good laugh .
Get this :
First there was a three , and now there 's a nine .
I 'm like , whoa !
That 's not the number that comes after three !
My thighs are now thoroughly tenderized from all the slapping .
Look , even a non sequitur requires context , otherwise you 're just jerking off .
Portal 's cake and companion cube moments work because they beautifully illustrate how the AI character is trying to manipulate you through an incredibly tentative grasp on how human emotions work .
' Splosion Man gives us nothing to go on .
You are an exploding man in a lab laid out in a way that makes no sense .
Nothing wrong with spartan game stories , especially in a skill platformer , but why the cakes ?
" WHO CARES , " says the game .
" IT'S FUNNY BECAUSE PORTAL DID IT .
SO LAUGH , BITCH . "
Randomness and non-contextual pop culture references are the level of humor exhibited in films like Meet the Spartans .
And even if you 're an idiot or a foreigner and you like that sort of thing , it still is n't executed well .
One of the big jokes is that dead scientists turn into steaks and cooked meat products , but they 're glaringly incongruous and the camera zooms out so far that most of the time they just look like meaningless brown blobs .
There are too many levels with too few ideas and virtually no changes of scene to liven things up ( why not let ' Splosion Man out of the lab and into a civilian area ?
Fertile ground for gameplay experimentation and even more questionable ethics ) .
An experimental German cook accidentally blew off both his hands attempting to concoct a " molecular gastronomy " dish with liquid nitrogen , a newspaper report said on Monday .
The 24 - year - old man from Stahnsdorf near Berlin somehow obtained some of the dangerous chemical and was poised to try out a new recipe from the school of molecular cooking , which aims to apply scientific processes to gastronomy .
There was an " enormous explosion , " according to the Berliner Morgenpost daily .
The man lost one hand in the explosion and the other was so badly injured it had to be amputated .
The man , who was staying at his girlfriend 's mother 's house , was rushed to hospital where his condition was described as life - threatening .
He is on artifical respiration .
He claimed he was trying to fill a gas lighter , but his girlfriend said he was trying to empty a canister of liquid nitrogen .
" Criminal investigators secured the remains of a nitrogen flask , bits of clothing , flesh and bits of skin , " the paper said .
AFP
Good news !
The Mexican FCC just canceled directive NOM - 019SCT3-2001 !
Sure , I ’ll forgive you if you have no idea what this means ( I did n’t either at first ) .
The directive was a 2001 piece of law banning the use of mobile phones on commercial planes .
This means passengers will be legally permitted to yap away on their phones during “ certain phases ” of flight .
The source article does not mention what those “ certain phases ” are , but it is probably just a way of saying you can use your phone after the take off and landing phase .
There is of course one small snag in this plan – no Mexican carriers actually offer inflight calling technology , and once you get above 10,000 feet , you wo n’t be in range of any cell towers .
That said – it is probably just a matter of time till the airlines start seeing Peso bills , and install the equipment required to make calls .
Other airlines that introduced inflight calling , did so with rates of about $ 4 per minute .
You thought $ 12.95 for WiFi was too much ?
Try paying $ 20 for a call back home telling people what a great time you are having .
So far , US law still prohibits the use of mobile phones in flight , and if US Congressman Peter DeFazio has his way , that is n’t about to change any time soon .
His ridiculously named ‘ Hang - Up act ” ( Halting Airplane Noise to Give Us Peace ) is trying to convince the FCC that removing the ban will kill air travel for everyone .
So dear readers , what do you think of inflight mobile phone calls ?
% Poll - 32293 %
( Via : Engadget )
TEHRAN , Iran ( CNN ) --
Saying it had completed an investigation into alleged voter irregularities , Iran 's election authority on Monday stood by its findings that gave hardline President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad an overwhelming victory and sparked more than two weeks of chaos in the streets .
Iranian opposition supporters shout slogans during a gathering in Tehran on Sunday .
more photos »
There was " no tangible irregularity , " Guardian Council spokesman Abbas Ali Kadkhodaei told government - run Press TV after reporting that a recount of some 10 percent of the votes found no significant differences .
" After this , the file will be closed and from today on in the presidential election , the file has been closed . "
In an hour - long interview addressing a series of complaints , Kadkhodaei noted that some 40,000 representatives of the various candidates observed the ballot boxes to ensure that rules were followed .
Given there were 46,000 ballot boxes , that meant 6,000 were unattended .
Even so , allegations of wrongdoing were investigated thoroughly , he said .
Kadkhodaei acknowledged that some ballot boxes may have contained more ballots than the number of voters in a given area , but said that did not necessarily mean there were irregularities .
Voters were not restricted to polling places in their home town , so the extra votes could have come from travelers , he said .
Charges of vote buying also were investigated , and " we did n't find that to be true , " he said .
Watch as memorial gathering turns into protest »
Kadkhodaei also dismissed allegations that some voting sites had an insufficient number of ballots , saying those charges were " not true at all . "
Despite the record turnout , he said , ballots were available at all the polling stations except for " one or two , " where voters had to wait between 20 to 40 minutes for new ones to arrive .
He added that elections officials had taken pains to accommodate extra voters by opening at 8 a.m. instead of the usual 9 a.m. and by extending until 10 p.m. or later the time when people were allowed to cast their ballots .
" We did whatever we could , beyond our legal duties , " he said .
Kadkhodaei said the recount of 10 percent of randomly selected ballot boxes was carried out in front of cameras to allay any suspicions .
In addition , he said , the candidates and their representatives were invited to observe the process of recounting .
Interior Minister Sadeq Mahsouli was informed of the Guardian Council 's conclusion Monday in a letter from council chief Ayatollah Ahmad Jannati , according to Press TV .
The Guardian Council last week extended the deadline for filing complaints after two candidates , Mir Hossein Moussavi and Mehdi Karrubi -- questioned the legitimacy of the June 12 vote count .
Moussavi had rejected the offer of a partial recount and refused to appoint a representative to the committee , according to Press TV .
CNN could not immediately reach Moussavi for comment .
The third presidential candidate , Mohsen Rezaie , maintained that his representatives would not be present for the partial recount , unless there was equal representation from Moussavi and Karrubi 's camps , according to Iranian media reports .
Rezaie at first rejected the election results and filed a complaint , but later withdrew that complaint .
The Guardian Council initially declared Ahmadinejad the winner of the June 12 elections , sparking more than two weeks of protests and , at times , clashes between demonstrators and government troops and members of a paramilitary force .
At least 17 protesters were killed in the chaos , according to official statistics , though the actual number may be higher .
Iran 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei called Sunday for an end to street demonstrations after about 5,000 people shuffled in silence down Tehran 's Shariati Street to the Ghoba mosque .
" I advise both sides not to provoke the emotions of the youth , not to stage people against one another , " he said in a speech on Press TV .
" This integrated nation must not be split and a group must not be incited against one another . "
Though authorities allowed Sunday 's demonstration -- intended for " the pious " -- they intensified their crackdown over the weekend , reportedly seizing wounded protesters from their hospital beds and arresting nine local British Embassy staff in Tehran .
An Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman said Monday that five of the staffers had been released , while four others remained in custody as an investigation continued .
British Foreign Secretary David Miliband on Sunday protested the arrests , calling them " harassment and intimidation of a kind which is quite unacceptable . "
Iran has restricted international news agencies , including CNN , from reporting inside the Islamic republic .
Its intelligence minister , Gholam - Hossein Mohseni Ejei , blamed Western powers for stirring up protests , saying Sunday that the British Embassy in Tehran " played a heavy role in the recent disturbances , " but describing the effort as one led by the United States .
" The fact that Iran is stable , calm and secure , they 're upset with this , " Ejei told Press TV .
" The idea that the British Embassy is somehow behind the demonstrations and protests that have been taking place in Tehran in recent weeks is wholly without foundation , " Miliband said .
Last week , Tehran expelled two British diplomats .
London responded by booting two Iranians , prompting Iran to recall its ambassador to Britain -- a serious gesture in diplomatic circles -- and threatening to reconsider Anglo - Iranian diplomatic ties .
All About Iran • Mir Hossein Moussavi • Mahmoud Ahmadinejad • Amnesty International
32 - year - old SWM seeks to love you for one night
One of my favorites from Thom Hartman .
His recital of John Gray 's Day in the Life of Joe Middle - Class Republican :
" A Day in the Life of Joe Middle - Class Republican "
Joe gets up at 6:00 am to prepare his morning coffee .
He fills his pot full of good clean drinking water because some liberal fought for minimum water quality standards .
He takes his daily medication with his first swallow of coffee .
His medications are safe to take because some liberal fought to insure their safety and work as advertised .
All but $ 10.00 of his medications are paid for by his employers medical plan because some liberal union workers fought their employers for paid medical insurance , now Joe gets it too .
He prepares his morning breakfast , bacon and eggs this day .
Joe ’s bacon is safe to eat because some liberal fought for laws to regulate the meat packing industry .
Joe takes his morning shower reaching for his shampoo ;
His bottle is properly labeled with every ingredient and the amount of its contents because some liberal fought for his right to know what he was putting on his body and how much it contained .
Joe dresses , walks outside and takes a deep breath .
The air he breathes is clean because some tree hugging liberal fought for laws to stop industries from polluting our air .
He walks to the subway station for his government subsidized ride to work ; it saves him considerable money in parking and transportation fees .
You see , some liberal fought for affordable public transportation , which gives everyone the opportunity to be a contributor .
Joe begins his work day ; he has a good job with excellent pay , medicals benefits , retirement , paid holidays and vacation because some liberal union members fought and died for these working standards .
Joe ’s employer pays these standards because Joe ’s employer does n’t want his employees to call the union .
If Joe is hurt on the job or becomes unemployed he ’ll get a worker compensation or unemployment check because some liberal did n’t think he should loose his home because of his temporary misfortune .
Its noon time , Joe needs to make a Bank Deposit so he can pay some bills .
Joe ’s deposit is federally insured by the FDIC because some liberal wanted to protect Joe ’s money from unscrupulous bankers who ruined the banking system before the depression .
Joe has to pay his Fannie Mae underwritten Mortgage and his below market federal student loan because some stupid liberal decided that Joe and the government would be better off if he was educated and earned more money over his life - time .
Joe is home from work , he plans to visit his father this evening at his farm home in the country .
He gets in his car for the drive to dads ; his car is among the safest in the world because some liberal fought for car safety standards .
He arrives at his boyhood home .
He was the third generation to live in the house financed by Farmers Home Administration because bankers did n’t want to make rural loans .
The house did n’t have electric until some big government liberal stuck his nose where it did n’t belong and demanded rural electrification .
( Those rural Republican ’s would still be sitting in the dark )
He is happy to see his dad who is now retired .
His dad lives on Social Security and his union pension because some liberal made sure he could take care of himself so Joe would n’t have to .
After his visit with dad he gets back in his car for the ride home .
He turns on a radio talk show , the host ’s keeps saying that liberals are bad and conservatives are good .
( He does n’t tell Joe that his beloved Republicans have fought against every protection and benefit Joe enjoys throughout his day )
Joe agrees , " We do n’t need those big government liberals ruining our lives ; after all , I ’m a self made man who believes everyone should take care of themselves , just like I have " .
Video :
See the rocket in action
The VASIMR ion engine could – if powered by an onboard nuclear reactor – take astronauts to Mars in just 39 days ( Illustration : Ad Astra Rocket Company )
There ’s a growing chorus of calls to send astronauts to Mars rather than the moon , but critics point out that such trips would be long and gruelling , taking about six months to reach the Red Planet .
But now , researchers are testing a powerful new ion engine that could one day shorten the journey to just 39 days .
Traditional rockets burn chemical fuel to produce thrust .
Most of that fuel is used up in the initial push off the Earth ’s surface , so the rockets tend to coast most of the time they ’re in space .
Ion engines , on the other hand , accelerate electrically charged atoms , or ions , through an electric field , thereby pushing the spacecraft in the opposite direction .
They provide much less thrust at a given moment than do chemical rockets , which means they can’t break free of the Earth ’s gravity on their own .
But once in space , they can give a continuous push for years , like a steady breeze at the back of a sailboat , accelerating gradually until they ’re moving faster than chemical rockets .
Advertisement
Several space missions have already used ion engines , including NASA ’s Dawn spacecraft , which is en route to the asteroids Vesta and Ceres , and Japan ’s spacecraft Hayabusa , which rendezvoused with the asteroid Itokawa in 2005 .
But a new engine , called VASIMR ( Variable Specific Impulse Magnetoplasma Rocket ) , will have much more “ oomph ” than previous ones .
That ’s because it uses a radio frequency generator , similar to transmitters used to broadcast radio shows , to heat the charged particles , or plasma .
The engine is being developed by the Ad Astra Rocket Company , which was founded in 2005 by plasma physicist and former space shuttle astronaut Franklin Chang - Diaz .
As hot as the sun
VASIMR works something like a steam engine , with the first stage performing a duty analogous to boiling water to create steam .
The radio frequency generator heats a gas of argon atoms until electrons “ boil ” off , creating plasma .
This stage was tested for the first time on 2 July at Ad Astra ’s headquarters in Webster , Texas .
The plasma could produce thrust on its own if it were shot out of the rocket , but not very efficiently .
To optimise efficiency , the rocket ’s second stage then heats the ions to about a million degrees , a temperature comparable to that at the centre of the sun .
It does this by taking advantage of the fact that in a strong magnetic field – like those produced by superconducting magnets in the engine , ions spin at a fixed frequency .
The radio frequency generator is then tuned to that same frequency , injecting extra energy into the ions .
High power
Strong magnetic fields then channel the plasma out the back of the engine , propelling the rocket in the opposite direction .
Thanks to the radio frequency generator , VASIMR can reach power levels a hundred times as high as other engines , which simply accelerate their plasma by sending it through a series of metal grids with different voltages .
In that setup , ions colliding with the grid tend to erode it , limiting the power and lifetime of the rocket .
VASIMR ’s radio frequency generator gets around that problem by never coming into contact with the ions .
“ It ’s the most powerful superconducting plasma source ever , as far as we know , ” says Jared Squire , director of research at Ad Astra .
Scientists at Ad Astra began tests of the engine ’s second stage – which heats the plasma – last week .
So far , team members have run the two - stage engine at a power of 50 kilowatts .
But they hope to ramp up to 200 kW of power in ongoing tests , enough to provide about a pound of thrust .
That may not sound like much , but in space it can propel up to two tonnes of cargo , reaching Jupiter in about 19 months from a starting position relatively close to the sun , says Squire .
Orbital boosts
Ad Astra and NASA have agreed to test fire the rocket in space , attached to the International Space Station in 2012 or 2013 .
Potentially , VASIMR could provide the periodic boosts needed to keep the ISS in its orbit .
At its current power level , VASIMR could be run entirely on solar energy .
Squire says it would make a good Earth - orbit tugboat , pulling satellites to different orbits .
It could also shuttle cargo to a lunar base , and because it could travel relatively quickly , it could be deployed to dangerous asteroids to gravitationally nudge them off course years before they would reach Earth .
To travel to Mars in 39 days , however , the engine would need 1000 times more power than solar energy could provide .
For that , VASIMR would need an onboard nuclear reactor .
Early versions of the reactor technology were used from the 1960s to the 1980s by the Soviet Union , but have not been used in space since and would take time to develop .
“ That would be quite a ways down the line , ” Squire says .
‘ Game changer ’
But the possibility of such a short trip to Mars was recently lauded by Charles Bolden , NASA ’s new chief .
He said NASA had provided a small stipend towards VASIMR ’s development , and said the collaboration was a good example of a partnership with private industry that could help the agency meet its goals after the space shuttles are retired in 2010 .
John Muratore of the University of Tennessee Space Institute and a former lead engineer for NASA ’s space shuttle programme , says engines like VASIMR could enable the first human trips to Mars .
“ The bottom line is with the current propulsion technology , Mars missions are undoable for humans , ” he says , explaining that such long trips outside of the Earth ’s protective magnetic field would expose astronauts to greater amounts of dangerous space radiation .
If engines , such as VASIMR , could be developed to take people to the Red Planet in 40 days , “ that puts it inside the range of what we feel comfortable of doing with humans , ” he told New Scientist .
“ Something like VASIMR – that ’s a game changer . ”
[ digg - reddit - me ] Senator John McCain established his reputation as a “ maverick ” in a large part for the bold positions he staked out in the 2000 campaign on long - term problems affecting our nation .
That was his trademarked , “ Straight Talk . ”
He was one of the few politicians out there who would tell you how much trouble Social Security and Medicare were in .
But under the Obama administration and to a lesser extent throughout his career , McCain has gained great credibility and popularity by taking very strong , responsible positions on long - term issues – while finding some minor excuse to oppose any attempts at reform that cost him politically .
But the Obama administration apparently still continues to hope to meet the McCain who was often invoked , though rarely seen , in the 2008 campaign – the “ maverick ” with an interest in “ bipartisanship ” who “ puts country first . ” *
McCain ’s 11th Sunday morning talk show appearance this year occurred this Sunday , as he appeared on This Week With George Stephanopoulos .
Chris Cilizza of the Washington
Post said he expected the interview to be “ Must Watch TV ” – and in fact , it was – as McCain demonstrated a phenomenon I call “ the politics of irresponsible responsibility . ”
In his interview with Stephanopoulos , McCain talked like a moderate on domestic policy issues – but managed to find a single or dual objection that allowed him to obstruct Obama ’s agenda on every issue .
The two - step would go like this : “ Yes , [ fill - in - the - blank ] is a serious issue .
I am in favor of reform .
We need to do something right away .
But Obama ’s plan is missing [ fill - in - another - blank ] so I will fight to stop this effort at reform . ”
On Guantanamo Bay , McCain agrees that the prison should be closed – and soon – but opposes the Obama administration ’s attempts to do so because he does n’t think they “ have an overall policy developed . ”
On the stimulus package , he does not deny that there was a need for government spending to stimulate the economy , but nevertheless opposed it because there was pork spending in it .
On cap and trade , he agrees that climate change is real and serious and the government must act – but opposes every action proposed because they do n’t include support for nuclear energy ( and beyond that , he presumes that the bill must contain large amounts of pork spending ) .
And then on health care , he supports reform – and knows we need it – but he opposes every reform on the table because of the public option .
He believes we need to “ reform Medicare ” to cut trillions in costs , but he demagogues Obama ’s proposal to create a board that studies the effectiveness of treatments as a common - sense measure to restrain spending as “ not quote death panels ” exactly – but certainly something scary .
As George Stephanopoulos pointed out , John McCain – despite his rhetoric – has hewed more closely to partisan positions this year than at any point in his career – even after he called on his supporters to support Obama in his concession speech :
McCain had an explanation for his increasingly partisan record : “ It ’s been some of the issues . ”
Though he claims to see the need for reform and take the issues seriously , he ’s not willing to pay the political cost of getting serious .
In this McCain represents – perhaps better than any politician – the politics of irresponsible responsibility .
Like another “ respected , ” “ serious , ” “ moderate ” Republican , Senator Chuck Grassley , McCain will work to get his ideas into legislation , but will demagogue and oppose even a bill he agrees with if he believes if will cost him support among the Republican base .
He talks about serious issues affecting our nation – and boldly states the problems in stark terms .
But his boldness evaporates when he is asked to take an immediate position .
Guantanamo should be closed , he agrees ; but take a step towards doing so , and his long - term conviction does not restrain him from attacking what is being done to close it .
Climate change is real and serious – on this he agrees with the Obama administration ; but he will oppose any steps towards reform if they do n’t include his pet ideas of nuclear energy and pork barrel spending .
It ’s a low cost way to kneecap reform while maintaining the mantle of a reformer .
This is not a courageous position .
And it demonstrates the inadequacy of our current political conversation .
When the most powerful people in the Republican Party blatantly lie about issues – and those who are “ responsible ” and “ moderate ” find any excuse to avoid dealing with the issues they say are essential , any attempts to deal with the systematic problems facing our nation will falter .
And we face no shortage of problems – built up over decades of avoiding them – climate change ; economic growth dependent on bubbles ; our deteriorating health insurance and transportation systems ; our long - term deficit and the looming entitlement crisis ; our economic imbalance with Japan and China – the list goes on .
A courageous politician , a maverick would take a stand in favor of responsible reform – and not seek to obstruct every effort as Senator McCain has done .
His actions are not that of a maverick or reformer – but of a coward .
* On one set of issues , McCain has lived up to his reputation .
Like most public officials are , McCain is treated as an expert on any policy matter before the Senate – but his interviews and various statements in the past demonstrate that McCain is no expert on foreign policy or domestic policy issues .
The area where McCain has shown expertise is the military components of national security .
On everything else , he seems a bit lost – jumping from one talking point to another – like a more seasoned version of Sarah Palin .
[ Image by marcn licensed under Creative Commons . ]
Like Loading ...
The Bush administration ’s post - Sept. 11 surveillance efforts went beyond the widely publicized warrantless wiretapping program , a government report disclosed Friday , encompassing additional secretive activities that created “ unprecedented ” spying powers .
The report also raised new questions about how the Bush White House kept key Justice Department officials in the dark as it launched the surveillance program .
In a move that it described as “ extraordinary and inappropriate , ” the report said the White House relied on a single , lower - level attorney in the Justice Department ’s Office of Legal Counsel for assessments about the programs ’ legality .
The attorney , John Yoo , a young George W. Bush appointee with close ties to the president ’s inner circle , wrote a series of memos legally blessing the program even though his superiors and most top officials were uninformed about it .
Advertisement
The report was compiled at the request of Congress by five government agency watchdogs : the inspectors general of the Justice Department , Pentagon , CIA , Directorate of National Intelligence and National Security Agency .
It represents the most detailed public disclosure of the existence of secret surveillance efforts beyond the warrantless wiretapping program , saying the overall package of efforts came to be known in the Bush administration as the “ President ’s Surveillance Program . ”
However , the report did not describe the other programs or explain how they worked .
“ All of these activities were authorized in a single presidential authorization , ” the report said , referring to the warrantless wiretapping as a “ terrorist surveillance program ” and the undisclosed efforts as “ other intelligence activities . ”
Advertisement
“ The specific details of the other intelligence activities remain highly classified , ” the report said .
The inspectors general interviewed more than 200 top officials and front - line agents in defense and intelligence agencies , and said views of the effectiveness of the warrantless wiretapping and other still - secret activities were mixed .
While many agents thought the efforts filled a gap in intelligence efforts , others “ had difficulty evaluating the precise contribution of the President ’s Surveillance Program to counter - terrorism efforts because it was most often viewed as one source among many . ”
The inspectors general concluded that , even though Congress has adopted changes in the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance
Act legalizing some of the activities , the information they produce “ should be carefully monitored . ”
Advertisement
The report also provided a comprehensive and official narrative concerning the selective and often confrontational way in which the Bush administration sought and procured legal authorization for its post - Sept. 11 programs .
Eventually , the surveillance program and the Justice Department ’s role in it were so controversial that the deputy attorney general , James B. Comey , and FBI Director Robert S. Mueller III both threatened to resign in 2004 because they believed the program was illegal .
The dispute resulted in an infamous showdown that year in the hospital room of then - Atty .
Gen. John Ashcroft , when Comey raced up the hospital steps to prevent White House Counsel Alberto R. Gonzales and Chief of Staff Andrew H. Card Jr. from persuading the heavily medicated attorney general to sign off on an extension of the program .
Legal experts and lawmakers said the latest findings raised disturbing questions about the actions of the Bush administration and pointed to the need for ways to hold participants accountable .
Advertisement
“ I am glad the American people can finally see for themselves what happens when a handful of senior officials -- who think they know better than the courts , the U.S. Justice Department and Congress -- decide to rewrite the law in secret , ” said Senate Intelligence Committee member Ron Wyden ( D - Ore . ) .
“ This report allows the American people to see how senior Bush administration officials concocted the program first and came up with its creative legal justifications later . ”
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick J. Leahy ( D - Vt. ) said the report added a sense of urgency to establishing a nonpartisan “ commission of inquiry ” to probe Bush administration programs .
President Obama opposes such a commission .
A former Bush administration official who participated in the program said the inspectors ’ report failed to take into account that the Justice Department and the White House at the time consistently argued that the president “ has authority to conduct electronic surveillance to protect the national security from foreign threats , independent of Congress . ”
Speaking on condition of anonymity because of the political and legal sensitivity , the official said the programs resulted from concerns in the aftermath of Sept. 11 .
Advertisement
“ The government was reeling , dealing with a wide range of national security initiatives , ” the official said .
“ This was n’t done out of any effort to aggrandize the president ’s powers , it was done to protect the country from an attack -- which everyone at the time thought was going to happen -- at the same time without blowing the technology advantages we had . ”
The warrantless wiretapping was disclosed in 2005 as the result of articles in the New York Times .
Under that program , the NSA circumvented federal laws to intercept , without warrants , international communications suspected of involving terrorists .
Tracing the development of the surveillance activities , the report said the program began in October 2001 , weeks before Yoo ’s first memo justifying its use on Nov. 2 .
The report depicted White House efforts that appeared designed to ensure approval .
All but three Justice Department officials were unaware of the spying effort in its early years , even though the department ’s stamp of approval was used to authorize the programs , the report said .
Advertisement
Instead , the White House communicated directly and almost exclusively with Yoo , who produced legal work about the surveillance program “ that at a minimum was factually flawed , ” the report said .
“ Deficiencies in the legal memoranda became apparent once additional Department of Justice attorneys . . . sought a greater understanding of the PSP ’s operation , ” the report said .
At that point , disputes broke out between the Justice Department and White House , leading to the 2004 showdown at Ashcroft ’s sickbed .
The report focuses much of its attention on Yoo , a deputy assistant attorney general in the Office of Legal Counsel from 2001 to 2003 .
Advertisement
Yoo has become a lightning rod for criticism because of legal opinions he issued on a range of national security matters , later repudiated as unprofessional and possibly illegal .
Some of those opinions , including some on harsh interrogation techniques such as waterboarding , were withdrawn by Republican appointees who followed Yoo at the Justice Department .
Yoo would not comment Friday on the report .
Only two other Justice Department officials were “ read in ” to the NSA program in its early years , the report said -- Ashcroft and intelligence policy lawyer James Baker .
Ashcroft gave his legal authorization for the first 2 1/2 years based on a “ misimpression ” of what kind of activities the NSA was conducting , the inspectors general found .
Advertisement
In 2004 , with the Justice Department balking at approving further extensions of the program , Bush signed a new authorization based on a legal certification by Gonzales , still the White House counsel .
Later , the report said , as attorney general , Gonzales gave “ inaccurate ” and “ misleading ” congressional testimony when he said the department had not expressed legal concerns about the program in 2004 .
“ The White House gamed the system , ” said Jameel Jaffer of the American Civil Liberties Union ’s National Security Project , “ by ensuring that the only people read into the program . . . would twist the law and arrive at the legal conclusions that the White House wanted . ”
--
Advertisement
josh.meyer@latimes.com
America is bracing itself for a series of investigations that could see top officials from the administration of President George W Bush hauled in front of Congress , grilled by a special prosecutor and possibly facing criminal charges .
Several investigations will now cast a spotlight on Bush - era torture policy and a secret CIA assassination programme , examining the role played by big names such as the former vice - president Dick Cheney and the former defence secretary Donald Rumsfeld .
In one investigation into the controversial firing of federal prosecutors , Bush 's political guru , Karl Rove , has already been forced to appear before Congress and give testimony behind closed doors .
Another investigation , by the House of Representatives ' intelligence committee , has already asked for documents from the CIA and has now announced that it will examine the legality of keeping a secret CIA hit squad hidden from Congress , something alleged to have been ordered by Cheney himself .
" I intend to make this investigation fair and thorough , " said the committee 's chairman , Texas congressman Silvestre Reyes late on Friday .
The moves reveal a long - awaited desire by elements of the Obama administration and Democrat - controlled Congress to examine alleged abuses of power by Bush officials .
They also raise the prospect of a bitter political fight with Republicans , who are likely to portray any attempt to investigate leading Bushites as a witch - hunt .
The inquiries also seem to go against the wishes of some in the White House , including Barack Obama .
The president has said he does not want to be distracted by the past and instead intends to focus on economic recovery and healthcare reform .
" The White House is more in the mood for going forward on the issues , such as healthcare , by which they want to define their presidency , " said Gary Schmitt , a former intelligence official under Ronald Reagan and a fellow of the American Enterprise Institute .
But Obama may not have too much say in what could be the most explosive investigation : one set to be launched by the attorney - general , Eric Holder .
Holder is mulling whether to appoint a special prosecutor to examine CIA activities since 2001 , focusing on the use of torture in interrogation of terror suspects .
Any such prosecutor could have the power to bring criminal charges .
Obama has made clear that the final decision is Holder 's alone and news reports last week indicated that Holder was " leaning " towards making such a move .
The prosecutor 's mandate could be narrowly focused on minor officials or broadened to reach the top levels of Bush 's cabinet .
Holder 's decision will be influenced by the results of numerous reports on his desk .
One , a survey on interrogation techniques , carried out by the CIA 's inspector - general , is due to be made public at the end of this month .
Holder spent two days reading the report and friends have said he was " shocked and saddened " by its contents .
Another report , to be released in the next two months , is being compiled about top officials in the Justice Department who drew up legal advice that justified the new interrogation techniques .
That probe focuses on John Yoo , a former deputy assistant attorney general and Jay Bybee , a federal judge .
Many insiders think public reaction to those two reports is likely to ensure that Holder eventually appoints a special prosecutor , similar to Kenneth Starr , who investigated Bill Clinton 's affair with Monica Lewinsky .
" I think it is likely that Holder will do that , " said Larry Johnson , a former senior CIA official .
At the same time , other senior politicians in Congress are investigating the CIA 's activities in the Bush era , especially allegations that it kept hidden a secret assassination squad aimed at top al - Qaida figures .
The Senate could announce its own investigation alongside the House one already now going ahead .
Both could subpoena officials , perhaps including Cheney .
One member of the House committee , New Jersey congressman Rush Holt , told his local newspaper that the inquiry should be as intense as the that of the committee which investigated Watergate .
" I think any new investigation will produce revelations that are as jaw - dropping as those that were uncovered by the Church committee , " Holt said .
These fresh investigations would add to some already under way .
Rove is expected to be called again for further questioning later in the summer .
Obama has ordered his national security officials to examine allegations that Bush officials resisted efforts to investigate a massacre of hundreds of Taliban prisoners in 2001 by an American - backed Afghan warlord .
" I 've asked my national security team ... to collect the facts for me that are known and we 'll probably make a decision ... once we have all the facts , " Obama said during his recent trip to Africa .
A series of hard - hitting investigations will be celebrated by many on the liberal wing of the Democratic party and human rights activists .
" We have the right to be informed of our government 's failed and egregious policies .
Our recent history has taught us that the rule of law is meaningless if left unenforced , " said Michael Macleod - Ball , a director at the American Civil Liberties Union .
However , there could also be a political price .
Many former intelligence officials are furious that the CIA is being dragged into politics .
" It is pure politics .
It is just crazy , " said Johnson .
Others say protracted investigations will sap Obama 's political capital at a time when he faces a difficult battle over healthcare reform .
Indeed , some conservatives might relish the prospect of rehashing old debates over anti-terror tactics .
Cheney himself , who led a secretive life in office , has been a happily public voice defending Bush policy since he left office and he has strong support from the conservative media .
One parallel might be the Iran - Contra hearings of the 1980s , when a secret plan to ship arms to Iran to raise money for Nicaraguan rebels made Colonel Oliver North - who helped craft the scheme - a patriotic folk hero .
" Republicans will be happy if Democrats want to go down this road .
They are happy to have a debate about national security .
You could easily see someone have another ' Oliver North moment ' , " said Schmitt .
Is Anglicanism the most accommodating form of Christianity ever ?
The latest evidence is the Church of England 's new liturgy allowing couples to get married in church and have their children baptised at the same time .
The attitude seems to be : " It 's very important that Christians live according to the laws of the church .
And since most of them are n't , we 'd better change them . "
Anglicanism is the perfect religion for people who are n't religious .
Its message is : " Repent and turn to God .
Or if you can't manage that we 'll bring him to you .
Unless
God 's not really what you 're looking for at this stage of your journey , in which case how about some shortbread ?
Mrs Thurston made it , is n't she marvellous ? "
Private Eye has recurrent feature unveiling new Anglican liturgy for a church desperate to woo the modern world with its relevance and friendliness – a service for the blessing of mobile phones , that kind of thing .
And of course the marriage - christening two - for - one is exactly the kind of spoof Private Eye would have come up with if the church had n't thought of it first .
I suppose it 's the best way to stop someone satirising you – pre-emptive self - parody .
Personally , I absolutely love it .
I think the world of Anglicanism .
For a start , it 's realistic .
There 's enough religion offering miraculous cures that it can't deliver , and supposed answers to ethical and philosophical problems that do n't actually work .
And there 's enough religion demanding abstinence from professionals whose disastrous failure it then has to cover up .
There was a time when , for centuries , the church took a principled biblical stand against lending money with interest , but we do n't hear a lot about that these days , because sometimes the world changes so radically that even the Lord goes with the flow .
It 's really only the same principle as providing army chaplains .
War is evil and unacceptable , but saying so is n't going to stop people doing it , so the best thing the church can do is live with it and provide spiritual support for those involved .
In the same way , the church is never going to stop people living together before marriage – and why should it – so instead it is adapting itself to the way family life has developed .
Another reason why I love it is that Anglicanism is nothing if not broad .
Some parishes will use this new liturgy , some will denounce it as the work of the devil , some will just turn their noses up at it .
There 's room for pretty much every species of Christian here .
Admittedly , the Anglican communion may be in the process of finding that if you get too broad you finally fall in half .
But it 's still a great ideal .
Why should n't friendliness be next to godliness ?
Anglicanism is also mercifully moderate .
If it seems incongruous to see a church bending to the mores of its world , that 's because we 're so used to seeing religion denouncing and opposing , but , while it is good for a church to be society 's conscience , such conflict is hardly the heart of religion .
We have all we need of conflict over religion from the extremes of Christianity , Islam and atheism .
Sitting in the middle , trying to be nice to everyone , Anglicanism may not present a heroic figure , but it is , well , nice .
And I think that 's a good thing .
Advertisements
Jim Cramer was on MSNBC ’s Morning Joe this morning , where he proclaimed that people are against healthcare because it means tax increases .
Cramer said “ This is all about taxes … when they hear healthcare reform it just means tax increases . ”
Cramer also said that everybody wishes Obama would go away for a bit .
Here is the video courtesy of Think Progress :
Advertisements
On healthcare Cramer said , “ I think that Americans , these are all sub rosa issues .
This is all about taxes and there is a belief that until the economy recovers we simply can’t afford tax increases a la what happened in 1937 in this country , and when they hear healthcare reform , it just means tax increases , and there ’s gotta be someone who pays for it …until we get the economy moving I think everybody wishes that Obama would just go away for a bit . ”
Cramer is buying into the GOP talking point that concern about the budget deficit equals opposition to healthcare reform .
The problem with this flawed logic is that in the very same poll , people also support Obama ’s heathcare reform plan by a margin of 44 % - 34 % .
Obama also has a 57 % approval rating on his handling of the economy , and a 63 % approval rating .
It is a smart strategy to try to tie healthcare reform to the budget deficit .
Why is Cramer backing the GOP here ?
Cramer is market guy , and the last thing Wall Street wants is costs to be reigned in on the healthcare and pharmaceutical industries .
These are profit making sectors .
Cramer does n’t care about what ’s best for America .
He is only concerned with what ’s best for Wall St .
When Jim Cramer states that everybody wants Obama to go away for a while , the everybody which he is referring to is Wall Street .
After the way Wall Street helped run the economy into the ground , if they want Obama to go away , then I definitely want him to stay .
Wall Street ca n’t be trusted , and I do n’t mind having Obama around to crack the whip a little .
Satisfaction Guaranteed
If you are unhappy with your last Email psychic service or Email reading , we will refund your money from that reading or give you the time back to try any expert again .
Private Forum
Not sure which expert is right for you ?
Provide enough information to enable experts to answer your question
Our Psychics
Yogiraj Astrologer
How it Works
Global Presence
Destle.com have vast collection of consultants , astrologers for providing online Psychic Reading , online Astrology reading .
There are other experts who are Doctors , Surgeons , Dentists , Financial management experts , Psychologist , Therapist , Dating Experts , Computer and IT Experts .
We also have free Online consultants who given you free advice regarding your problems .
We have experts from United States ( US ) , USA , UK , Canada , India , Los Angeles , California psychic experts which given you free psychics readings , free astrology readings , absolute free tarot readings , free health and fitness advice , spell casting expert , love spell , live hardware computer experts .
You can find your choice expert from our free online consultants portal .
Our online consultants given you all answer to your questions .
Also our online free psychic readers are dedicated to improving the lives of worldwide psychic clients .
Other online experts who are available at destle.com come from Toronto psychic experts , Melbourne psychics expert , Sydney online readers , New York free psychic reader , Brentford free readers psychic , Los Angeles , Chicago , Atlanta , New Zealand , Miami , Australia psychics experts given you best and honest psychic and love and relationship readings also free .
Also our experts given you free advice related to birthstones by month , birthstones chart , Birthstones & Gemstones by colors , Online psychic reading , Online Psychic Network , psychic , spirituality , apsr , astrology , clairvoyant , love , medium , paranormal , psychic reading , relationship , rituals , spells , spiritual guidance , tarot , psychic , online reading , boyfriend , girlfriend , cheat , mediumship , reiki , energy healing , spiritual coaching , spirituality , occult , psychic medium , Online Psychic Reading , Live Psychic Chat at the Online Psychic Network , Get an accurate Psychic Reading from a live , online Psychic .
Free until you are ready .
Online psychic love readings , tarot reading , clairvoyant , via online chat at the Online Psychic Network
The Dev-Team is back !
and this time they have posted a trial fix for the Push Notification System which was n’t working on iPhone firmware 3.0 once you have unlocked ( hacktivated ) and jailbroken it on your device .
We have a trial fix for push notification on hacktivated iPhones http://bit.ly/FxBtZ.
We ’ll polish it up but need feedback .
The steps to fix your Push Notification System on unlocked iPhone 3.0 as instructed by the Dev-Team are as follows :
A. Get Legit Keychain Data :
* You Must Perform These Steps On A Properly Activated Device ( iPhone or iPod Touch ) with at least one working push app *
1 . Unzip the downloaded zip file and copy the binary ‘ nimble ’ using SSH into / private / var / Keychains and set permission to 0755
2 . Make sure the file " keychain - 2.db " is in / private / var / Keychains and run nimble .
You will see 4 files being created :
– youtube- cert.bin
– youtube - key.bin
– push -cert.bin
– push - key.bin
3 . Copy these 4 files into the corresponding folder on your hactivated device .
B. Testing Push :
* You Must Perform These Steps On Your Hacktivated Device *
1 . Unzip the downloaded zip file and copy the following files using SSH into / private / var / Keychains and set permission to 0755 :
– inject
– nimble
2 . Store in somewhere else the current " keychain - 2.db " and run inject .
A new keychain - 2.db will be created
3. Uninstall the push app ( i.e. Beejive or similar ) you intend to test on from your hacktivated device and reboot
4. Test Youtube , reinstall the above push app and test .
I have n’t tried the above steps yet .
Let me know if the above steps fix your Push Notification System on your iPhone with firmware 3.0 .
I will be back shortly with a more detailed tutorial on how to get it working .
Stay tuned !
UPDATE 1 : I have tested the fix and it works on both iPhone 2G and iPhone 3G .
Follow the step by step guide here to get Push notifications from push capable apps on your unlocked iPhone running firmware 3.0 .
Download Fix for Push Notification System for iPhone firmware 3.0
Related Stories
Foin de la crise financière du chômage et de la grippe A , nos élus vont se prendre la tête tout l’été sur un sujet bien plus important : sauver nos artistes !
Un truc à leur cochonner les vacances …
Bon , on peut comprendre que les salariés de Nortel ne se sentent guère concernés , mais les autres …
Ils devraient saisir l’enjeu de cette démarche , reconnaître cet effort incessant , ce travail sans cesse recommencé …
Depuis bientôt un an , nos grands hommes discutent , se chamaillent et se renvoient la baballe .
Un ministre passe , un autre arrive .
Tout frais tout neuf , Frédéric Mitterrand nous le fait à l’esbroufe .
Il étale ses connaissances , il se prend pour Malraux et nous cite en exemple un tas de célébrités comme s’il venait de prendre le thé avec elles .
Jusqu’à Rouget de l’Isle , le pauvre , qui n’a jamais touché un centime sur La Marseillaise , même pas de Gainsbourg , qui sournoisement lui a piraté son texte .
Bon , il doit être dans son rôle de ministre de la Culture , Mitterrand …
Mais lorsque je l’entends faire l’apologie de la sanction , de la réglementation , je ne peux m’empêcher de penser à Léo Ferré :
L’embrigadement est un signe des temps .
De notre temps .
Les hommes qui pensent en rond ont les idées courbes .
Les sociétés littéraires c’est encore la Société !
La pensée mise en commun est une pensée commune .
Mozart est mort seul ,
Accompagné à la fosse commune par un chien et des fantômes .
Renoir avait les doigts crochus de rhumatismes .
Ravel avait dans la tête une tumeur qui lui suça d’un coup toute sa musique .
Beethoven était sourd .
Il fallut quêter pour enterrer Béla Bartók .
Rutebeuf avait faim .
Villon volait pour manger .
Tout le monde s’en fout …
L’Art n’est pas un bureau d’anthropométrie !
La Lumière ne se fait que sur les tombes …
Je me demande ce qu’ils auraient pensé de tout ça , les trois grands de ma génération , celle des vieux : Brassens , Brel et Ferré …
Peut - être auraient - ils dit que dans toutes les bibliothèques de France les livres sont à la disposition du public , gratuitement , et pour certains sur Internet – et que personne ne s’en inquiète …
Et que la plupart des écrivains ( pas tous ) s’en fichent , car ils sont heureux d’être lus , tout simplement .
After Liz Cheney claims that her father never tried to tie Saddam Hussein to 9 - 11 , while trying to tie Saddam Hussein to 9 - 11 herself , Mitchell stops her in her tracks for playing fast and loose with the facts .
Mitchell then follows with this .
Mitchell : Well , I 'm going to go back , I 'll do my homework , invite you back so we can talk about this more because I think that there were if not explicit , implicit connections suggesting at various points along the way ..one ..
Cheney :
Well that 's not ... that 's actually not fair Andrea because I think that , you know after 9 - 11 the issue of Saddam , you know , became a critically important issue for our national security because of his connections to terrorists and because we believed he had stockpiles of WMD .
We knew and he did continue to have the technology that he could share with the terrorists .
That 's a very different thing than saying he was connected to 9 - 11 .
Break out the waaaambulance .
Heaven forbid Cheney would want to allow something like a few facts to get in the way of her spin .
I do n't think we 're going to see that follow up interview any time soon .
And yes , she 's completely full of it .
WASHINGTON
One night several years ago , my mom slipped and broke a bone in her neck .
I stayed late at the hospital with her .
Driving home on a mostly deserted road , I checked my cellphone messages .
I did n’t notice either the red light coming up or the car stopped at the light .
I banged into the back of it , and even though the damage was minor , it was a scary moment .
I admitted that I was upset and distracted , took the blame and swore to myself I ’d never use a cellphone in a car again .
But , of course , I did .
D.C. police will pull you over if they see you using a cellphone that you ’re holding up to your ear , but not if you ’re hands - free .
Ominously , research by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration  suppressed for years and released on Tuesday after petitions were filed by advocacy groups  shows that there are “ negligible differences ” in accident risk whether you ’re holding the phone or not .
Hands - free devices may even enhance the danger by lulling you into complacency .
The following individuals whose primary goal in life is getting tenure and publishing a textbook , yet believe they have a voice in deciding whether over 300 million American people should know just whose interests the Fed so staunchly protects , have issued an open letter to Congress and The Executive Branch , demanding that no one ever dare tinker or have audit powers over the private institution that is the Federal Reserve .
Those who run hedge funds , operate semi- failed companies , work for an Investment Bank , especially taxpayer bailed out ones , or are otherwise conflicted , are highlighted in bold .
It makes sense to recall that the recent grassroots campaign to enforce the opposite - i.e. , more transparency at the Fed , has been supported by over 5,000 individuals at this point .
Zero Hedge recommends all who believe in transparency in this time when we have anything but , sign the petition to demonstrate their disagreement with the individuals below .
" Fed Independence " Petition Signatories :
Ricardo Caballero MIT
Kenneth French Dartmouth College
Robert Hall Stanford
Anil Kashyap Chicago Booth
Pete Klenow Stanford
Frederic Mishkin Columbia
Thomas Sargent NYU
Michael Woodford Columbia
Andrew Abel Wharton School , University of Pennsylvania
Daron Acemoglu MIT
Michael Adler Columiba University
Yacine Ait-Sahalia Princeton University
Fernando Alvarez University of Chicago
Scott Anderson Wells Fargo & Co .
Cliff Asness Managing and Founding Principal , AQR Capital Management LLC
Paul Asquith Massachusetts Institute of Technology
David Backus NYU
Dean Baim Pepperdine University / UCLA
Ravi Bansal Duke University
David Bates University of Iowa
Andrew Bernard Dartmouth College
Richard Berner Morgan Stanley
George Borts Brown University
Scott Brown Raymond James & Associates
Markus K. Brunnermeier Princeton University
Ralph C. Bryant Brookings Institution
Michael Carey Calyon Securities ( USA ) Inc. Credit Agricole Group
Christopher Carroll Johns Hopkins University
Martin Cherkes Columbia University
Diego Comin Harvard University
Jernej Copic UCLA
Dora Costa UCLA
Steven Davis University of Chicago Booth School of Business
Angus Deaton Princeton University
Davide Debortoli University of California , San Diego
Eddie Dekel Northwestern University
Harold Demsetz UCLA
Scott Desposato University of California , San Diego
Douglas Diamond University of Chicago Booth School of Business
Peter Diamond MIT
Francis X. Diebold University of Pennsylvania
Avinash Dixit Princeton University
Matthias Doepke Northwestern University
Darrell Duffie Stanford
Pierre Collin Dufresne Columbia
Martin Eichenbaum Northwestern University
Andrea Eisfeldt Northwestern UniversityKellogg School of Management
Jeffrey Ely Northwestern University
Eduardo Engel Yale University
Eugene Fama University of Chicago Booth School of Business
Henry Farber Princeton University
Roger Farmer UCLA
Jon Faust Center for Financial Economics , Johns Hopkins U .
Michael Feroli J.P.Morgan
Wayne Ferson U.S.C .
Kristin Forbes MIT - Sloan School of Management
Mark Gertler New York Univiersity
Marc Giannoni Columbia University
Simon Gilchrist Boston University
Robert J. Gordon Northwestern University
Roger Gordon UCSD
David Greenlaw Morgan Stanley
Gene Grossman Princeton University
Steffen Habermalz Northwestern University
James Hamilton University of California , San Diego
Gary Hansen UCLA
Robert Hansen Tuck School , Dartmouth College
Gordon Hanson UC San Diego
Milton Harris University of Chicago Booth School of Business
Tarek Hassan University of Chicago Booth School of Business
Zhiguo He Chicago Booth
John Heaton University of Chicago
D. Lee Heavner Analysis Group , Inc .
Christian Hellwig UCLA
Gailen Hite Columbia Business School
Yael Hochberg Kellogg School of Management , Northwestern University
Stuart Hoffman PNC Financial ServicesGroup
Bengt Holmstrom MIT
Bo Honore Princeton University
Peter Hooper Deutsche Bank
Takeo Hoshi University of California , San Diego
Christopher House University of Michigan
Peter Howitt Brown University
Chang - tai Hsieh University of Chicago
Ellen Hughes - Cromwick Chief Economist , Ford Motor Company
John Huizinga University of Chicago Booth School of Business
Erik Hurst University of Chicago Booth School of Business
Ravi Jagannathan Kellogg School of Management , Northwestern University
Dana Johnson Comerica Bank
Karen Johnson Federal Reserve Board of Governors ( retired )
Charles I. Jones Stanford University , Graduate School of Business
Paul Joskow MIT
Matthew Kahn UCLA
Juno Kang The Bank of Korea
Steven Kaplan University of Chicago Booth School of Business
Bruce Kasman J.P. Morgan Chase
Peter Kenen Princeton Uniiversity
Ralph Koijen University of Chicago Booth School of Business
David Kotok Chariman , Central Banking Series , Global Interdependence Center , Philadelphia , PA .
Arvind Krishnamurthy Northwestern University
Rafael La Porta Dartmouth College
David Lake University of California , San Diego
Bruce Lehman UCSD
Nan Li Ohio State University
Hilarie Lieb Northwestern University
John Liew AQR Capital Management
Juhani Linnainmaa University of Chicago Booth School of Business
Andrew Lo MIT
Kevin Logan Dresdner Kleinwort
Guido Lorenzoni MIT
Hanno Lustig UCLA Anderson
Louis Maccini Johns Hopkins University
Burton Malkiel Princeton University
Eric Maskin The Institute for Advanced Study , Princeton University
Robert McDonald Kellogg School , Northwestern University
Daniel McFadden University of California , Berkeley
Doug McMillin Louisiana State University
Rajnish Mehra UC Santa Barbara
Robert Mellman J.P. Morgan
Robert Merton Harvard University
Laurence Meyer Macroeconomic Advisers , LLC
Atif Mian University of Chicago
Gregory Miller Suntrust Banks , Inc .
Robert Moffitt Johns Hopkins University
Stephen Morris Princeton University
Dale Mortensen Northwestern University
Giuseppe Moscarini Yale University
Tobias Moskowitz University of Chicago , Booth School of Business
Stefan Nagel Stanford
Maurice Obstfeld University of California ,
Berkeley Lee Ohanian UCLA
Maureen O’Hara Cornell University
Stavros Panageas University of Chicago BoothSchool of Business
Dimitris Papanikolaou Northwestern University
Robert Parry President & CEO , Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco , Retired
Lubos Pastor University of Chicago BoothSchool of Business
Lasse H. Pedersen NYU
Monika Piazzesi Stanford
Keith Poole University of California , San Diego
Giorgio Primiceri Northwestern University
Valerie Ramey University of California , San Diego
Enrichetta Ravina Columbia University
Esteban Rossi-Hansberg Princeton University
Michael Rothschild Princeton University
Tano Santos Columbia Business
School Ulrike Schaede University of California , San Diego
Richard Schmalensee MIT
Martin Schneider Stanford
Kermit Schoenholtz NYU Stern School of Business
Jay Shanken Emory
Robert Shiller Yale University
Hyun Shin Princeton University
Stephen Shore Johns Hopkins University
Costis Skiadas Northwestern University
Matthew Slaughter Dartmouth College
James F. Smith Kenan - Flagler Business School , UNC - Chapel Hill
Chester Spatt Carnegie Mellon University
James H. Stock Harvard
Rene Stulz The Ohio State University
Amir Sufi University of Chicago Booth School of Business
Joseph Swanson Northwestern University
Vefa Tarhan Loyola University Chicago
Edwin M. Truman Peterson Institute for International Economics
Harald Uhlig University of Chicago
Andrey Ukhov Northwestern University
Sergio Urzua Northwestern University
Chris Varvares Macroeconomic Advisers , LLC
Pietro Veronesi University of Chicago
Paul Wachtel New York University , Stern School of Business
Richard Walker Northwestern University
Mark Watson Princeton
Shang - jin Wei Columbia
David Weil Brown University
Pierre - Olivier Weill UCLA Economics
Burton Weisbrod Northwestern University
William Wheaton MIT
Michael Whinston Northwestern University
Mirko Wiederholt Northwestern University
Mark Witte Northwestern University
Tiemen Wouteren Johns Hopkins University
Jonathan Wright Johns Hopkins University
Wei Xiong Princeton University
Stanley Zin New York University
And here is the text of the endorsed letter :
Open Letter to Congress and the Executive Branch
Amidst the debate over systemic regulation , the independence of U.S. monetary policy is at risk .
We urge Congress and the Executive Branch to reaffirm their support for and defend the independence of the Federal Reserve System as a foundation of U.S. economic stability .
There are three specific risks that must be contained .
First , central bank independence has been shown to be essential for controlling inflation .
Sooner or later , the Fed will have to scale back its current unprecedented monetary accommodation .
When the Federal Reserve judges it time to begin tightening monetary conditions , it must be allowed to do so without interference .
Second , lender of last resort decisions should not be politicized .
Finally , calls to alter the structure or personnel selection of the Federal Reserve System easily could backfire by raising inflation expectations and borrowing costs and dimming prospects for recovery .
The democratic legitimacy of the Federal Reserve System is well established by its legal mandate and by the existing appointments process .
Frequent communication with the public and testimony before Congress ensure Fed accountability .
If the Federal Reserve is given new responsibilities every effort must be made to avoid compromising its ability to manage monetary policy as it sees fit .
A promising young stockbroker worried about losing his job in the City jumped to his death from a rooftop restaurant wearing his best suit and holding a glass of champagne .
Oxford graduate Anjool Malde walked into the eighth - floor Coq d'Argent in the City of London at lunchtime on Sunday , just two days before his 25th birthday , clad in a Hugo Boss suit .
He then ordered a glass of champagne and made his way on to the roof terrace , before jumping to his death .
The stockbroker had a burgeoning career at Deutsche Bank and was also a successful entrepreneur , co-founding an events company called AlphaParties , which organises social gatherings for young professionals , students and interns in London .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Last night , the stockbroker 's parents , Naina and Bharat , issued a joint statement which read : " We are absolutely devastated .
Equally we are so touched by the warm words from his many , many friends that alluded both to his tremendous talent and positive , lively spirit .
He was an inspiration to so many .
He meant everything to us .
" Apparently he donned a Hugo Boss suit with matching designer accessories , treated himself to a glass of champagne at the much frequented , upmarket City restaurant Coq d'Argent , and jumped from an eighth - floor rooftop .
Style meant everything to him and that 's how he chose his exit . "
A close friend of Mr Malde said he had been upset after his employers suspended his Bloomberg account , which gave him access to the financial markets and allowed him to communicate with other bankers .
He said : " All of us have heard he was about to be suspended by Deutsche Bank and he was upset about it .
I know for certain that the bank deleted his Bloomberg account which was not a good sign . "
A spokesman for Deutsche Bank said Mr Malde had been helping the company with " an inquiry into an IT matter " and was sent home from work early on Friday afternoon , but had not been suspended and had been expected to return to work this week .
He refused to go into details about the nature of the inquiry , adding : " We are deeply saddened by our colleague 's death , and our thoughts are with his family and loved ones at this time . "
City of London Police said Mr Malde 's body was discovered lying on the pavement beside the restaurant by pedestrians at noon on Sunday , and that his death was not being treated as a suspicious .
The stockbroker had planned to celebrate his 25th birthday tonight at a champagne and canapés party at the Amuse Bouche bar in Soho .
He had organised the event through his own company .
It is not the first time someone has committed suicide by jumping from the roof of Coq d'Argent , a French restaurant popular with City bankers and financiers .
In May 2007 Richard Ford , a 33 - year - old City worker , died after throwing himself off the building and landing on top of a bus .
A spokesman for the restaurant 's parent company , D&D London , said it was " too early " to comment on whether any changes would be made .
On his Facebook profile , Mr Malde listed his main interests as " Las Vegas , tropical islands , financial markets , restaurants , nightclubs , property , Jacuzzis , steam rooms , saunas " .
Last night , more than 420 of his friends had joined a group on the site dedicated to his memory .
Barry Bagirathan , 26 , had known Mr Malde for six years and worked alongside him at Deutsche Bank .
He said his friend had idolised Michael Jackson and had been extremely upset by his death , even writing an obituary for the singer , but described his sudden suicide as " absolutely out of character " .
He said : " It 's like a big punch in the stomach .
When we first read it we thought it was some kind of joke .
It was a surprise to us all , because he was a really strong person who took everything on the chin .
We knew he was quite upset about MJ [ Michael Jackson ] , but apart from that there was nothing unhappy going on in his life . "
India 's female Pink Gang are vigilantes DISPATCH From Chronicle Foreign Service
The 47 - year - old leader of the Pink Gang , Sampat Pal Devi is seen teaching lathi ( traditional bamboo baton used by police to control crowds ) fighting skills to Aarti , one of the young members of the pink gang .
A fiesty woman , barely educated , impoverished mother of five , Sampat Pal Devi has emerged as a messianic figure in the region .
Banda is one of the poorest parts of India 's northern and most populous state , Uttar Pradesh .
A gang of vigilantes , called the Gulabi Gang ( pink gang ) its several thousand strong women members wear only pink saris is taking up lathi ( against domestic violence and corruption .
less
The 47 - year - old leader of the Pink Gang , Sampat Pal Devi is seen teaching lathi ( traditional bamboo baton used by police to control crowds ) fighting skills to Aarti , one of the young members of the pink gang .
A ... more Photo : Sanjit Das Photo : Sanjit Das Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close India 's female Pink Gang are vigilantes 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
On a hot afternoon , a throng of two dozen women clad in candy - pink saris gathered beneath the cool shade of a gnarled banyan tree .
They listened with rapt attention as a sinewy but robust woman they called " commander " delivered a military - type briefing .
" To face down men in this part of the world , you have to use force , " she said .
" We function in a man 's world where men make all the rules .
Our fight is against injustice . "
The " commander " is Sampat Pal , the 47 - year - old leader of thousands of female vigilantes known as the Gulabi ( Pink ) Gang .
Since its inception three years ago in a lawless area of the northern state of Uttar Pradesh , women from some 600 villages have joined the group , wielding heavy clubs and and traditional bamboo batons , called lathis , used by police for crowd control to " convince " wife beaters , rapists and corrupt bureaucrats to change their ways .
Chuniya Devi , a diminutive 30 - year - old mother of six , joined the Pink Gang three years ago to learn how to restrain her husband , Seevan 's , alcohol - fueled outbursts .
She says her broad - shouldered husband stopped the beatings soon after she joined the gang for fear of being pummeled himself .
" I learned that the more you suffer silently , the more your oppressor will oppress you , " said Devi .
The vigilantes ' unconventional ways have fired the imagination of Banda women , who widely hail the group as heroes in this feudalistic region of India .
Banda is among the nation 's poorest areas with nearly 20 percent of its 1.6 million inhabitants at the bottom rung of India 's caste hierarchy , according to government estimates .
Many are not taken seriously by police when crimes are committed against them .
A lower - caste family from the town of Bulandsharar , for example , asked the Pink Gang for help after their landlord raped their teenage daughter and paid police not to investigate .
When Pal called the town 's chief of police , he registered the case out of fear that he would be mobbed by Pink Gang members if he did n't , the family says .
For Pal , seeds of rebellion were sown after her parents refused to send her to school .
She protested by scribbling the ABCs on village walls and floors .
They finally relented , only to remove her from school at age 12 to marry a man 13 years older than her .
She then went to live with her husband , Munni Lal Pal , an ice cream vendor .
A year later , she had the first of her five children .
At 18 , Pal , who says she was moved by the plight of poor Indian women , began meeting with local nongovernmental organizations to work on women's health issues and combat child marriages , dowry abuse and domestic violence .
Leaving the house to speak with men and relinquish the ubiquitous Hindu veil known as ghunghat was initially opposed by her husband , but her zeal changed his attitude .
" He supports me now , " she said .
In 2006 , Pal 's impatience with traditional activism and red tape surrounding women 's aid programs pushed her to form the Pink Gang with a handful of women .
Since then , several thousand women - many of whom are victims of domestic violence - have joined the group .
Over time , Pal realized that the fight is not just against abusive men .
Corruption , she says , is a major player in stalling economic development in Banda and other impoverished districts .
Transparency International , a watchdog group in Berlin that addresses worldwide corruption , estimated that Indians , particularly the poor , paid $ 4.5 billion in bribes to officials for basic services in 2005 .
Last year , the Pink Gang discovered a government - run shop selling tons of grain on the black market that should have been handed out free to the poor .
Despite threats from knife - wielding drivers , two female vigilantes stopped several trucks loaded with grain headed for the illegal market by deflating tires and confiscating the drivers ' keys .
The pink - clad women then publicly pressured government officials to seize the grain and distribute it to the poor as intended .
When residents of the Banda village of Atarra were long ignored about paving the village 's rutted dirt roads , the Pink Gang stepped in .
" We realized that they would not act until their palms were greased , " Pal said .
The women then swarmed the office of District Magistrate G.C. Pandey , holding him down and smearing his face with black paint in a public act of shaming .
He soon authorized the road construction .
To be sure , the Pink Gang is often criticized for breaking the law .
Pal , for example , has been charged with 11 criminal offenses for the attack on Pandey and is out on bail .
" She is a bold woman , " said Ashutosh Kumar , Banda 's superintendent of police , who says he admires her grit .
" But she works like a kangaroo court . "
Such criticism or the threat of imprisonment , however , does n't bother Pal .
" There used to be a pervasive feeling of helplessness , a collective belief that fighting back is just not possible , " said Pal .
" But that is slowly changing . "
With a day to go until a cash crisis would force the state to stop paying its bills , lawmakers and Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger worked into the night Tuesday but failed to reach a budget agreement .
The state Senate , in late session , voted several times as midnight approached in a last - ditch effort to approve $ 3.3 billion in cuts to education and other programs and stave off , at least temporarily , the IOUs that California Controller John Chiang is set to begin issuing Thursday in lieu of some payments .
Democrats had been hoping to use the funds to help defray the state ’s projected $ 24 - billion deficit .
But the money was allocated for the fiscal year that ended Tuesday , and after that it was too late to make the cuts .
“ We have that duty to make sure that no one starves , ” state Sen. Jenny Oropeza ( D - Long Beach ) said as she pleaded with GOP senators for their votes .
Advertisement
But Republican senators blocked the plan , which the Assembly approved last week .
Schwarzenegger had vowed to veto the legislation because it did not meet his demand that any agreement close the state ’s entire deficit , an argument echoed by the Republicans in the Senate .
“ No one wants to see IOUs issued , but equally important , no one wants to see us continue to avoid the problem , ” said Senate Minority Leader Dennis Hollingsworth ( R - Murrieta ) .
Beyond any loss of the $ 3.3 billion in savings , state officials said , failure to make the education cuts could increase the budget deficit by up to several billion dollars , because education funding is based on the prior year ’s appropriations .
The governor and lawmakers met the legal requirement to approve a budget for the new fiscal year with an agreement they reached in February ; however , declining revenues have thrown that budget out of balance , and forced the current negotiations .
Advertisement
A state appeals court panel clouded the budget picture further Tuesday with a ruling that could cost the state nearly $ 3.5 billion .
The judges in the 3rd District Court of Appeal said that since 2007 , gasoline - tax funds intended for mass transportation had been improperly diverted by the governor and lawmakers to cover other expenses .
The state will appeal to the California Supreme Court , said H.D. Palmer , a spokesman for the Department of Finance .
Meanwhile , Chiang , who acts as the state ’s banker , has scheduled a meeting for Thursday morning of a state board that will determine what interest rate the state will pay on the $ 3 billion a month in IOUs it will begin issuing to contractors and some of California ’s neediest citizens , including the elderly , the disabled and the poor .
California last issued IOUs in 1992 .
Doing so again could have serious repercussions .
According to Treasurer Bill Lockyer , the decline in the state ’s credit rating that is likely to follow IOUs -- as it did 17 years ago -- would cost the state $ 3.4 billion in higher interest rates over 30 years , adjusted for inflation .
Wall Street rating agencies have already warned that they are weighing downgrades to the state ’s credit , which would probably take years to recover , Lockyer ’s aides said .
Advertisement
So far , no banks have formally committed to honoring the IOUs , said Chiang ’s spokeswoman , Hallye Jordan .
At least one financial institution , the Golden 1 Credit Union , said Tuesday that it plans to accept the state ’s IOUs from its 710,000 members , some of whom are state contractors .
The governor and legislators can avert the IOUs if they reach a budget deal before they are issued Thursday .
But once they are issued , those who receive them will have to cash them with banks that may accept them , or wait until the IOUs come due Oct. 1 , Jordan said .
As state leaders searched for a resolution Tuesday , there had been some signs of compromise .
But they were fragile .
Democratic lawmakers signaled a willingness to reverse their opposition to Schwarzenegger ’s plan for borrowing $ 2 billion in property tax revenues from cities and counties .
The idea had angered local officials , and the governor had backed off but apparently embraced it again .
Advertisement
Lawmakers were also discussing some of Schwarzenegger ’s proposals to curb the growth in Medi-Cal , the state ’s health insurance program for the poor ; to tighten enrollment procedures for food stamps and welfare ; and to crack down on fraud and reduce services in the state ’s multibillion - dollar in - home healthcare program .
Speaking to reporters outside his office , Schwarzenegger blamed legislators for wasting time deliberating over budget solutions , such as tax increases , that were not acceptable to him , but he said that the dynamics appeared to have shifted .
“ For the last month there were debates , there was finger pointing , there was dialogue , accusations , but none of that will really solve the budget , ” the governor said .
He added , “ In the last few days , I have seen an effort is being made to get together with us and to start moving closer together . ”
In a letter sent Monday , however , two top Democratic lawmakers asked administration officials how the governor would replace the $ 3.3 billion in cuts they were trying to make .
Mike Genest , the governor ’s finance director , said the administration had not come up with a plan yet .
Advertisement
“ I cannot imagine why a chief executive who has a year and half remaining on his term would want to put the state in the hole $ 3 billion more , ” said Senate President Pro Tem Darrell Steinberg ( D - Sacramento ) .
Schwarzenegger ’s aides said he would call an emergency special session today to propose new cuts .
Amid the flurry of activity Tuesday , a panel that sets compensation for elected statewide officials cut car allowances , health benefits and tax - free living - expense payments for California legislators .
“ The state of California is in dire straits , and we have to do our bit to adjust the benefits to help with the budget problem , ” Citizens Compensation Commission Chairman Charles Murray said after the 5 - 0 vote , which came despite the panel ’s lawyer advising that the commission did not have the authority to reduce the living - expense payments .
Advertisement
The 18 % benefits reduction by the panel follows a salary cut of 18 % enacted previously to affect lawmakers elected after this year .
The decrease in benefits , however , will take effect Dec. 1 of this year and save $ 1.2 million annually .
That action , if it stands , will cut the $ 36,000 tax - free annual living - expense benefit by about $ 6,480 a year .
The state also pays $ 350 in monthly car costs for each lawmaker who drives a state - purchased car in his or her district .
The commission ’s action would cut that by $ 63 , which the legislators would have to absorb .
California taxpayers have spent $ 3.2 million during the last three years buying the cars , covering gas expenses and paying to repair the vehicles when they break down or are damaged in accidents .
Advertisement
--
shane.goldmacher@ latimes.com
michael.rothfeld@latimes.com
Times staff writer Patrick McGreevy contributed to this report .
by Ben Cohen
The Media comes up with all sorts of nonsense .
In the age of the internet , Chinese whispers takes on a new meaning , with rumors being cut and pasted across millions of sites .
Celebrities are reported dead before they are , unsubstantiated gossip makes headline news , and politicians apparently divorce regardless of the facts .
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
While regular people would understandably be irritated by the incessant gossip mongering , celebrities and politicians really do n't have have a leg to stand on when they become a victim of it .
It is part of being in the limelight , and if you choose to parade yourself on nation TV , you must deal with it .
Barack Obama has dealt with rumors ranging from him being a Muslim terrorist to a Communist insurgent .
And other than elegantly dismissing the rumors , Obama has barely uttered a word about them .
And he has never blamed ' The Media ' for spreading them .
The strategy has been ultimately successful for Obama , and his personal popularity remains high regardless of his political popularity .
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
Sarah Palin , however , has employed another tactic .
Every time the media churns up a spurious rumor , Palin whines loudly and slaps back at every given opportunity .
The strategy has ultimately led to her leaving office in Alaska and made her a laughing stock .
The latest rumors revolve around Palin 's supposed divorce from her husband .
There may or may not be some truth to the rumors - the Palins deny them , and it 's only fair to take them at their word .
However , it does n't really matter , and the rumors are just those .
Rumors .
The Palin family has insisted on going tit for tat with Katie Couric , David Letterman , Levi Johnston , The Huffington Post , and every liberal blog on the internet .
Every time the Palins decry their treatment , retaliate for a perceived infraction , or moan about ' The Media ' , they look petty and stupid .
Sarah Palin is a former beauty queen , tv presenter and politician .
She 's a narcissist with aspirations way above her station , and her thirst for attention trumps everything , including the safety of the nation .
Her bickering with the media proves one thing , that her political motivations are purely personal .
She has no interest in serving the interests of the country , and gets bogged down when her fragile ego gets damaged .
If she was genuinely interested in being a good Governor / President , internet rumors would be the last thing Palin would respond to .
She would be interested in the big picture rather than the trivial , and pay no attention to the gossip industry .
If Palin wants to be taken seriously , she needs to grow up .
The problem is after two years in the limelight , it 's obvious she can't .
And for those reasons should never be allowed near public office .
Within the next five years , it ’s quite possible that physicians will come into routine possession of a remarkable set of tools — a brand new way of dealing with the frailty and disabilities of aging .
The tool kit is autologous stem cells derived from the patients themselves , amplified in culture , and infused back into the patient according to a precise protocol .
It would be such a leap from today ’s medical diagnostics and treatments ; it could only be called revolutionary .
The purpose of employing autologous cells is to prevent rejection of histo - incompatible cells by the patient ’s immune system .
But it ’s also possible that these new therapies could slip from our grasp , at least in the US .
If we ’re not careful , these therapies could become the exclusive domain of the pharmaceutical industry , as regulated by the Federal Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) .
This could push the availability of this tool kit 15 to 20 years into the future .
The opportunity - cost in terms of morbidity and mortality could be catastrophic .
Dr. Christopher J. Centeno , M.D. , is an expert in this field , having spent four years performing an autologous , minimal culture - expansion technique in orthopedics that use adult mesenchymal stem cells .
Known as the Regenexx™ procedure , it uses a patient ’s own stem cells and hematogenous growth factors to regenerate bone and cartilage .
At Regenerative Sciences , Inc. ( where he also serves as Lab Director ) and CentenoSchultz Clinic in Broomfield , CO ( run with Co-Medical Director John R. Schultz , M.D. ) , the focus is on development of this non-surgical option for people suffering from a variety of orthopedic conditions .
L. Stephen Coles spoke with Dr. Centeno for h+.
“ The cell - therapy industry right now is very nascent ; it ’s where age - management was ten years ago , ” he told me .
Dr. Centeno has established an organization to define guidelines and standards called The American Stem Cell Therapy Association ( ASCTA ) .
“ We ’re trying to develop physician guidelines in the U.S. for the safe use of stem cells , similar to the way fertility clinics operate .
We ’ve got an organization to formulate guidelines , and we ’ve got clinicians working to form a stem - cell registry .
But the FDA does n’t appreciate that .
We only do adult cells from the same person .
But the FDA contends that if one cultures stem cells at all , regardless of the use of those cells , then it ’s a prescription drug . ”
He points out that the age - management community has seen many instances where the FDA has tried to insert itself into the practice of medicine — although this has been strictly prohibited by Congress — and this is just the latest .
“ Compounding pharmacies have been coming under FDA pressure for a long time , and have now organized and set up their own standards and guidelines as a way to combat that interference . ”
Dr. Centeno compares the current state of stem - cell medicine to that of fertility treatments .
“ If you ’re an infertility specialist , you have to grow a woman ’s fertilized oocytes at least to the blastocyst stage before implanting them , and the FDA has no control over that .
If the FDA had gained control , you would n’t have individual fertility practices — instead you ’d have just a few big labs across the country . ”
Instead of being regulated by the FDA , fertility doctors are regulated state - by - state .
The reason , says Dr. Centeno , is simple : “ They organized , put their own standards in place , and created a case , saying , ‘ Listen , this is the practice of medicine , and you , by charter , are not allowed to regulate the practice of medicine . ’ ”
“ You ’re talking about replacing $ 60 billion in drug - and device - care with $ 6 billion in stem - cell care , ” Dr. Centeno observes .
Prior to becoming involved in stem - cell research , Dr. Centeno was already an international expert and specialist in musculoskeletal , spinal , and neurologic injury .
Having trained at the Baylor College of Medicine , Texas Medical Center , and the Institute for Rehabilitation Research , he is an M.D. who is double - boarded in Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation as well as Pain Medicine .
Dr. Centano has seen the results that are achievable in an orthopedic context .
“ We ’ve done this for four years for patients with orthopedic conditions .
So , as a test case , we know it can work safely and effectively . ”
To Dr. Centeno , it is inconceivable that a person ’s own cells could be classified as a drug — but that ’s exactly what the FDA wants to do .
“ The FDA is working to protect the interests of Big Pharma , ” he says .
“ If we wanted to insert some kind of new genes into these cells , we might all agree that could be a drug — a new entity .
But what we ’re doing is simply culturing a person ’s own cells .
Most of the cells are bone - marrow derived ; you can get them from synovial fluid in the knee or from other locations . ”
Basically , there are three main types of adult stem cells :
Mesenchymal stem cells are commonly found in the bone marrow .
These cells can differentiate into multiple orthopedic , neural , organ , and other lineages .
Very Small Embryonic Like Cells ( VSEL ) are a newer stem - cell line and more likely to have the ability to differentiate into multiple cell types and lineages .
CD34 + heme progenitors are usually derived from bone marrow and can be mobilized into the bloodstream .
They have been used commonly in vascular and cardiac applications .
Most importantly , the mesenchymal cell line alone — the one Regenexx has been using — has more than 8,000 peer - reviewed citations showing its wide application in age - management medicine , including the treatment not just of orthopedic conditions , but of Type - II Diabetes , stroke , and cardiovascular disease .
“ It can be used to treat everything from cardiac disease after a heart attack , to vascular disease , to orthopedic injuries , ” notes Dr. Centeno .
As we move beyond “ Regenerative Medicine 1.0 ” ­- which is where Dr. Centeno sees things currently : “ I suspect what will happen , in 2.0 , is that you ’ll see some age - management - medicine doctors start their own regenerative stem - cell lab , take cells derived from a patient , minimally culture them , and then they can be deployed . ”
For instance , in cases of diabetes , the cultured cells would be injected under CT or ultrasound guidance directly into the Islets of Langerhans in the pancreas .
There , according to Dr. Centeno , “ in animal models , they routinely cure diabetes . ”
It ’s important to note that , while the recently lifted ban on embryonic stem - cell research federal - funding by President Obama on March 9th has helped to focus attention to the whole subject of stem - cell - based therapies , including iPSC ’s ( induced Pluripotent Stem Cells derived from a skin biopsy ) , the work that ASCTA does is exclusively linked to ‘ adult ’ stem cells … and the patient ’s own stem cells at that .
“ A large number of diseases have already been looked at , ” notes Dr. Centeno ; “ The basic research is already in place . ”
As presented in a “ list - in - progress ” on the ASCTA website , areas involved in ongoing research on the use of adult stem cells in disease treatment clearly overlap with areas of embryonic stem - cell research :
ALS ( Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis ) or Lou Gehrig ’s Disease
Alzheimer ’s Disease
Parkinson ’s Disease
Multiple Sclerosis
Muscular Dystrophy
Osteoarthritis
Rheumatoid Arthritis
Spinal - Cord Injury
Stroke
In terms of treating age - related conditions , Dr. Centeno sees stem - cell therapies as an entirely new level of medicine .
“ In 1.0 , we use hormones , ” he explains .
“ Treating using hormones is great , but at some point the parts wear out and that ’s where 2.0 comes in . ”
As an example , Dr. Centeno cites a study that was just presented at the American College of Cardiology Conference in Orlando , FL , showing a dose - response relationship on repairing the heart after an Acute Myocardial Infarction , with improved heart function after stem - cell injection .
On March 31 , 2009 HealthDay News reported on a U.S. study that found that " treating a heart attack with the patients own bone - marrow stem cells boosts blood flow within the heart and may help reduce long - term complications . "
The study included 31 patients who underwent angioplasty and stent placement after a heart attack .
Within one week of the attacks , 16 of the patients received infusions of their own bone - marrow cells into the coronary artery in which a blockage had caused the event .
The 16 patients received different amounts of bone marrow stem cells — 5 million , 10 million , and 15 million cells .
The 15 patients in the control group received standard medication only .
All the patients were followed for up to five years .
" After three to six months , patients who received higher doses of bone - marrow stem cells showed greater improvement in blood flow within the heart than patients who received lower doses and those in the control group , " the researchers said .
In a news release , Principal Investigator Dr. Arshed Quyyumi , a Professor of Medicine at Emory University School of Medicine said : " This is critical information for future study design — the more cells a patient receives , the more beneficial effect we see in the heart , " The researchers also found that higher doses of bone - marrow stem cells appeared to help cardiac function , as determined by measuring the percentage of blood pumped out with each heartbeat ( Ejection Fraction ) , and by measuring the amount of tissue death ( infarction ) due to inadequate blood supply .
However , these results were not considered statistically significant , the researchers stressed .
" These results show that treatment with a patient ’s own bone - marrow stem cells has the potential to reduce long - term complications after a heart attack .
We are encouraged by these results and are planning to conduct a more extensive study , " Quyyumi said .
“ Until now there was no way to treat that , ” observes Dr. Centeno .
“ Obviously , if you are a heart specialist or cardiologist this is of big interest to you . ”
One key to treatments using a patient ’s own stem cells is to gather and bank those cells in advance .
“ The number available for treatment declines with age , ” Dr. Centeno points out .
“ In a 60 - year - old person we might get 60,000 ; we can grow that in a lab to a million , which is enough to treat a condition .
It ’s what the body does , but the body ca n’t always get a sufficient number to the right place at the right time .
If someone enters your practice at 40 , just starting to see the consequences of aging , you would remove those cells and freeze them . ”
Though this sounds relatively simple , the prospects for such treatments in the future rest squarely on developing industry standards in the near term .
“ There are already companies doing that stem - cell freezing , ” Dr. Centeno notes .
“ The problem is that if the FDA has its way , nobody will be able to use those cells because they will be considered a prescription drug .
You wo n’t be able to use them in any meaningful way ; you must incubate them to get them out of the cryogenic state because it ’s a delicate process ” ­- and that ’s what the FDA considers ‘ turning the cells into a drug ’ .
Thus , while development of stem - cell standards and guidelines is a work in progress , it is one about which there is a real sense of urgency .
“ All of this could be done within the next 12 months ; we could have hundreds of people across the country doing this work under the ASCTA Guidelines , ” explains Dr. Centeno .
“ We could get out of the starting gate very quickly if everyone gets on board ; otherwise , the window is going to shut and it will never happen . ”
The stakes for the pharmaceutical industry are obviously also high .
“ You ’re talking about replacing $ 60 billion in drug - and device - care with $ 6 billion in stem - cell care , ” Dr. Centeno observes .
The end result will either be individual physicians owning and controlling labs , or , says Dr. Centeno , “ It will all be controlled by Big Pharma , and innovation will move at a snail ’s pace . ”
Interview with Dr. Christopher J. Centeno , M.D
By L. Stephen Coles , M.D. , Ph.D. , Visiting Professor of Computer Science UCLA School of Engineering for h+ Los Angeles , California
Dr. Centeno is an international expert and specialist in musculoskeletal , spinal , and neurologic injury .
He is an M.D. who is double - boarded in both Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation , and in Pain Medicine .
He trained at the Baylor College of Medicine , Texas Medical Center , and the Institute for Rehabilitation Research .
Dr. Centano utilizes a traditional medical approach blended with alternative and research - based treatments .
He is Medical Director of The Centeno - Schultz Clinic and the Spinal Injury Foundation , and Scientific Co-chair of the International Whiplash Trauma Congress , which draws scientists together from all over the world .
He is Co - Editor - in - Chief of the new peer reviewed medical journal , Whiplash and Related Disorders published by Haworth Medical Press , as well as the author of the medical text , The Spine Dictionary .
Dr. Centano practices in Denver , North Denver , and Boulder , Colorado .
L. Stephen Coles , M.D. , Ph.D. , is Co-Founder Los Angeles Gerontology Research Group
h+ :
When did you begin your clinical work on adult stem - cell therapeutics ?
CHRISTOPHER CENTENO : I started in 2005 , and the very first question I had to address was whether I needed approval from the FDA to infuse autologous culture - expanded stem cells derived from patient tissue back into that same patent or whether such procedures ought to be considered part of the normal practice of medicine .
We obtained opinions from three different attorneys .
Their opinion was that what we ’re doing was , in fact , " the practice of medicine , " so the FDA had no jurisdiction .
The FDA recently has asserted that it ’s their belief that autologous stem cells are the equivalent of a prescription drug .
But this is a position we dispute .
h+ : Does that mean that the FDA could consider a patient ’s own cells — when infused back into the patient — as a " prescription drug " that would fall under their regulatory guidelines , requiring a full set of Phase - I , - II , and - III Clinical Trials that could take five years or more and cost millions of dollars ?
CC : Yes , that ’s right .
And it ’s even more complex than that .
If the procedure were done in the physician ’s office , but done over more than one day , then the FDA could claim that they should have jurisdiction , since the cells would then be considered a drug according to their perspective .
When a federal agency is looking to expand its charter ( the scope of activities it seeks to regulate ) , it may well infringe on the practice of medicine unless doctors stand up for what is rightfully their practice .
h+ : Has the FDA issued any draft guidelines regarding their intention to regulate autologous stem - cell therapies that take place in a doctor ’s office ?
CC : Not with regard to " the practice of medicine , " just with regard to drugs .
The FDA website concerning this topic is " Eligibility Determination for Donors of Human Cells , Tissues , and Cellular and Tissue - Based Products ( HCT / Ps ) " ( see " Resources " below ) .
h+ : Has your own organization American Stem Cell Therapy Association ( ASCTA ) issued similar guidelines ?
CC : Yes , and they are even more specific to autologous stem - cell therapy than the FDA ’s own guidelines , which derive from a 50 - year tradition of drug regulation .
h+ : Have you worked with animal models to provide the safety component of a pre-clinical trial ?
CC : There are hundreds of animal model studies with mesenchymal stem cells .
There is published research on rats , dogs , and pigs to demonstrate the safety of autologous mesenchymal stem cells infused into the lumbar spine , so we know that they are safe for these animals .
Furthermore , veterinarians have been using these treatments for expensive racehorses afflicted with arthritis or inflamed ligaments to positive effect .
Nevertheless , there is no substitute for human studies , as compared with animal models , for patient treatment .
Each species presents unique problems in terms of calculating the dose of cells , route of administration , and establishing the optimal time for treatment - onset following trauma or a chronic condition .
Calculating the treatment regimen over several months is also species specific .
We hope to establish our guidelines in collaboration with a community of stem - cell physicians who are working in this area .
Former Guantanamo Bay detainee David Hicks has married his girlfriend , Aloysia Brooks , in Sydney .
His father , Terry Hicks , who attended the wedding , said he was glad to see his son getting on with his life .
David Hicks ... moving on with his life .
" We are grateful that things are going along an even line and he can get on and hopefully be left alone , " he told newspaper .
" They 're going to enjoy themselves and get on with their lives , and that 's what it 's about . "
Visit the site
Recently , one of our partners , Liaison Design Group came to us with a fun sounding project .
One of our clients wanted to build a microsite that highlighted some of the Raleigh buildings that would be interesting to corporations looking to relocate .
The plan was to cycle through a number of the buildings and show where they were located in Raleigh on a map at the same time .
The client already had a site on our Content Management System , so ideally , this section would be controlled by the CMS as well .
We decided the easiest way to make this happen was with jQuery .
The client would upload some images of the building , content about the building , and coordinates of the buildings location and the CMS / jQuery would take care of the rest .
Some key takeaways
Animate position , not just opacity or size
The most eye - catching part of the project is the star that slides around on the map .
With jQuery , it is often natural to use the built in animation functions like fadeIn ( ) , show ( ) , or slideUp ( ) .
Some of the coolest effects can be done when moving something around on a page .
Start with the data first
We knew we wanted this to be easy to maintain for the client , so before I even considered what I would need to do with jQuery , I set up the CMS to produce useful html .
Currently , each of the six buildings has its own page , with a gallery attached .
The client can add pages , change pages , reorder pages or edit the pages and there are no adjustments required .
The same pages even drive the " Learn More " content .
Keep it simple
This follows from the above takeaway .
When you keep your html simple , your jQuery will be simple as well .
This project just has about 50 lines that make it all happen and it does n't depend on another plugin .
When possible , have your jQuery limited to DOM manipulation and animation .
Let CSS handle the rest .
If you 've got any questions or comments on the project , let me know in the comments .
How come Dario Harris of Georgia , a man who spray paints gas lines , faces animal cruelty charges ?
Because instead of gas lines , he spray painted Jeffrey Tompkins ’ black Lab , Bear , while she was fenced in her yard in Stone Mountain ,
reports .
Harris claims he did it on self defense !
He claims he was at Tompkins ’ home marking locations of gas lines and was checking the gas meter when Bear came barking at him .
But if the dog was tied up , do n't you think it is a lame excuse ?
Moreover , the gas company where Harris is engaged , says he was not even supposed to check gas meters .
The poor Bear had to have her eyes flushed and was put on antibiotics .
Now , Harris is facing animal cruelty charges and if proved guilty , he may get a jail term for a year .
I 'll let you know what the outcome is later .
meanwhile , let me know what you think of this man charged with animal cruelty .
WHICH countries has the foreign - exchange market blessed with a cheap exchange rate , and which has it burdened with an expensive one ?
The Economist 's Big Mac index , a lighthearted guide to valuing currencies , provides some clues .
The index is based on the idea of purchasing - power parity ( PPP ) , which says currencies should trade at the rate that makes the price of goods the same in each country .
So if the price of a Big Mac translated into dollars is above $ 3.57 , its cost in America , the currency is dear ; if it is below that benchmark , it is cheap .
A Big Mac in China is half the cost of one in America , and other Asian currencies look similarly undervalued .
At the other end of the scale , many European currencies look uncompetitive .
But the British pound , which was more than 25 % overvalued a year ago , is now near fair value .
AP
WASHINGTON 
The raucous protests at congressional town - hall - style meetings have succeeded in fueling opposition to proposed health care bills among some Americans , a USA TODAY / Gallup Poll finds — particularly among the independents who tend to be at the center of political debates .
In a survey of 1,000 adults taken Tuesday , 34 % say demonstrations at the hometown sessions have made them more sympathetic to the protesters ' views ; 21 % say they are less sympathetic .
Independents by 2 - to - 1 , 35 % - 16 % , say they are more sympathetic to the protesters now .
The findings are unwelcome news for President Obama and Democratic congressional leaders , who have scrambled to respond to the protests and in some cases even to be heard .
From Pennsylvania to Texas , those who oppose plans to overhaul the health care system have asked aggressive questions and staged noisy demonstrations .
The forums have grabbed public attention : Seven in 10 respondents are following the news closely .
" No one condones the actions of those who disrupt public events , " House Republican leader John Boehner of Ohio said in an op - ed article published in today 's USA TODAY .
" But those in Washington who dismiss the frustration of the American people and call it ' manufactured ' do so at their own peril . "
White House adviser David Axelrod questioned the USA TODAY survey 's methodology , saying those who report being more sympathetic to the protesters now were likely to have been on that side from the start .
" There is a media fetish about these things , " Axelrod said of the protests , " but I do n't think this has changed much " when it comes to public opinion .
A study by the non-partisan Pew Research Center concluded that 59 % of the airtime last week on 13 cable TV and radio talk shows were devoted to the health care debate .
In the USA TODAY Poll :
• A 57 % majority of those surveyed , including six in 10 independents , say a major factor behind the protests are concerns that average citizens had well before the meetings took place ; 48 % say efforts by activists to create organized opposition to the health care bills are a major factor .
• There 's some tolerance for loud voices : 51 % say individuals making " angry attacks " on a health care bill are an example of " democracy in action " rather than " abuse of democracy . "
• Some actions are seen as going too far .
Six in 10 say shouting down supporters of a bill is an abuse of democracy .
On that question , unlike most others , there is n't much of a partisan divide : 69 % of Democrats and 58 % of Republicans agree .
In Hagerstown , Md. , Wednesday , nearly 1,000 people turned out for a forum held by Democratic Sen .
Ben Cardin ; only 440 could fit in the community - college theater .
The crowd often interrupted the senator , but was generally respectful .
In State College , Pa. , Democratic Sen. Arlen Specter was jeered at a forum at a Penn State conference center .
The 90 - minute meeting at times became a shouting match between bill backers and foes .
Contributing : The Associated Press
The vote in the Houses of Bishops and Deputies was more than two - thirds in favor and one - third opposed or abstaining .
The House of Bishops also took up a measure that would create a liturgy to bless same - sex couples .
Such blessings are already being done in many dioceses , without official sanction .
“ It is time for our church to be liberated from the hypocrisy under which it has been laboring , ” Bishop Stacy Sauls of Lexington , Ky. , told his fellow bishops on Tuesday .
Image The Episcopal Churchs first openly gay bishop , V. Gene Robinson , at the convention Monday .
Credit ... Chris Pizzello / Associated Press
The Episcopal Church acted despite a personal address at the start of the convention from the Archbishop of Canterbury , Rowan Williams , who as head of the Church of England is considered “ first among equals ” among the communion ’s archbishops .
“ Along with many in the communion , ” the archbishop said , “ I hope and pray that there wo n’t be decisions in the coming days that will push us further apart . ”
The resolution passed Tuesday was written in a way that would allow dioceses to consider gay candidates to the episcopacy , but does not mandate that all dioceses do so .
It also emphasizes that the Episcopal Church has “ an abiding commitment ” to the Anglican Communion .
It says that many gay men and lesbians are already ministering in the church and that “ God has called and may call such individuals , to any ordained ministry in the Episcopal Church , and that God ’s call to the ordained ministry in the Episcopal Church is a mystery which the church attempts to discern for all people through our discernment processes acting in accordance with the constitution and canons of the Episcopal Church . ”
Pamela Reamer Williams , a spokeswoman for Integrity USA , an advocacy group for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender members of the church , said : “ The church has stated very clearly that all levels of the ministry in the Episcopal Church are open to the L.G.B.T. baptized .
It is a change in the sense that it supersedes the effective moratorium . ”
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - More than 800 animal and plant species have gone extinct in the past five centuries with nearly 17,000 now threatened with extinction , the International Union for Conservation of Nature reported on Thursday .
An aerial view of a patch of deforested jungle close to Bacabal , in the northeastern state of Maranhao , in this May 13 , 2009 file photo .
REUTERS / Paulo Whitaker / Files
A detailed analysis of these numbers indicates the international community will fail to meet its 2010 goal of bolstering biodiversity -- maintaining a variety of life forms -- a commitment made by most governments in 2002 .
Based on data released in 2008 in the union ’s Red List , the new IUCN analysis is being released now to precede the 2010 target year and to draw a connection between crises in the financial and environmental realms , said report editor Jean - Christophe Vie .
“ We do n’t want to make a choice between nature and the economy ; we just want to bring nature to the same level when you have to take a decision , ” Vie said by telephone from Switzerland .
“ Jobs are important but not jobs to the detriment of nature , ” he said .
“ We have done that too much and look where we have arrived . ”
The new analysis shows 869 species became extinct or extinct in the wild since the year 1500 while 290 more species are considered critically endangered and possibly extinct .
At least 16,928 species are threatened with extinction , including nearly one - third of amphibians , more than one in eight birds and nearly a quarter of mammals .
By comparison , the 2004 Red List showed 784 extinctions since 1500 .
PROSPERITY AND BIODIVERSITY
The report said this is not a comprehensive list with only 2.7 percent of the 1.8 million described species analyzed .
The number of extinctions is “ a gross underestimate but it does provide a useful snapshot of what is happening to all forms of life on Earth , ” the study authors wrote .
“ It ’s much more severe than the economic crisis or the bank crisis , ” Vie said .
“ You can lose a core industry but you can rebuild one .
In nature , if you lose it , you lose it , and you ’re losing a lot of capital that can not be replaced . ”
He said the notion that biodiversity is secondary to economic health is largely a view held by countries in North America , Europe and elsewhere , where the connection to natural products is less direct .
In less developed areas , there is a direct line between human prosperity and biodiversity .
In much of the world , Vie said , “ The main problem every day is not to find a job , it ’s to find food ... and in most places this comes from biodiversity , from nature , from fish and plants . ”
For land - based species , the main threat is habitat destruction through farming , logging and development .
Climate change is not now the main threat to biodiversity but that could change , the report said .
In examining 17,000 species of birds , amphibians and reef - building corals , the report found a significant proportion that are not now threatened are susceptible to climate change , including 30 percent of birds , 51 percent of corals and 41 percent of amphibians that are not threatened now .
More information about the analysis is available onlinehere .
Attorney 's Million Dollar Dare Comes Back to Haunt Him
not
On this blog , I try to pass along tips for running a small law firm .
Essentially , ways to plan and operate your firm so that you will meet your goals ( the blog is called the " Strategist , " after all ) .
Well , here 's one Florida attorney whose story offers an example of a strategyto pursue .
Cheney Mason went on Dateline and offered a million dollars to anyone who could prove that his client , Nelson Ivan Serrano , was actually able to travel across two states and kill four people in the time that prosecutors had alleged .
A South Texas College of Law graduate , Dustin Kolodziej , saw the segment and decided to take Mason up on his dare .
He retraced the route the prosecutors claim Serrano took , and came in under the time limit , videotaping his progress along the way .
He asked Mason for the money , but Mason has so far refused to pay up , alleging that the challenge was a joke or hyperbole .
Kolodziej does n't think it 's very funny , though , and he's asked the federal district court in Houston to order Mason to make with the cash .
If you think back to your 1L contracts course , Kolodziej might actually have something along the lines of an argument here .
The dare sounds suspiciously like a unilateral contract .
A unilateral contract , you 'll remember , is one that is offered to the population generally .
The offeror can't force anyone to perform , but obligates herself to meet the terms of the agreement if anyone actually does .
An offer for a reward is the best example of a unilateral contract , although dares and wagers might also qualify .
On the other hand , it 's not very likely that Mason intended for anyone to take him seriously , so a judge might not really consider his statement a unilateral contract .
Without knowing more about Texas contract law , I 'd wager that the judge will toss the case , save Mason a million clams and give Kolodziej a lesson in real world contracts .
Mason just better hope that the judge in the murder trial does n't allow the prosecution to admit Kolodziej 's video into evidence .
Attorney sued over dare ( UPI Dateline dare may prove costly for Orlando attorney ( WDBO
Ton Roosendaal will be receiving an honorary doctorate at the Leeds Metropolitan University in the UK later today for his work on Blender .
A streaming video of the entire ceremony ( direct link for Windows Media Player here ) will start at 11 am UK time ( GMT+1 ) and is expected to last for two hours .
As it will cover multiple persons , we can't predict when Ton will be on .
More details and photographs will follow later today .
Update : Ton was the first graduant to speak .
His part is over now .
Update : 07-16-09 4:11 PM
CEST : Added pictures - Tim
Update : 07-17-09 : More pictures added .
Video registration of the entire event .
Ton makes his appearance around 22:30 .
Some of the most arresting analysis of the causes and consequences of the financial crisis is being made by Andrew Haldane , the executive director of what the Bank of England calls - with no hint of irony - " financial stability " .
His latest speech , " Small Lessons from a Big Crisis " [ pdf link ] , is grist for those who believe top bankers are being paid far too much ( although this is not a conclusion he draws himself ) .
First , Haldane looks at the returns generated by UK banks and financial institutions since 1900 , to see whether shares in the financial sector have performed better than the market in general .
What this shows is that from 1900 to 1985 , the financial sector produced an average annual return of around 2 % a year , relative to other stocks and shares .
So for 85 years investing in bank shares was " close to a break - even strategy " ( his words ) , nothing special .
But in the subsequent 20 years , from 1986 to 2006 , returns went through the roof : the average annual return soared to more than 16 % , which was the best performance by financial - sector shares in UK financial history .
And it 's no coincidence that the pay of top bankers also zoomed up to the stratosphere .
Which at the time upset only a few , because the bankers seemed to be enriching the owners of the banks , their shareholders ( millions of us through our pension funds ) .
That , of course , is not the whole story .
The collapse of banks ' share prices in the past two years has wiped out most of those gains : to March this year , when the low point was touched , the fall in UK bank share prices was more than 80 % , an all - time record plunge .
What this means is that in the full period from 1900 to the end of 2008 , the annual average return on financial shares was less than 3 % , almost identical to the market as a whole .
Which is what common sense would predict should have happened , since banks are to a large extent a utility , serving the needs of the wider economy , and its difficult to see how banks in general can therefore grow significantly faster than the wider economy .
What went so right in 1986 to 2006 ?
Had top bankers become much more brilliant than their predecessors , such that they deserved disproportionate rewards ?
Haldane answers this question by breaking down banks ' return on equity - the return generated on ordinary shareholders ' capital - into its two component parts , which are the return on gross assets and the leverage employed by the bank .
This is slightly complicated , but bear with me , because it is absolutely central to assessing whether bankers merited their lavish remuneration .
Now if you want to know whether bankers are particularly skilful , you have to look at the return on gross assets .
If one bank earns consistently bigger margins on the loans and investments it makes , that tells you it is probably doing something cleverer than its rivals .
By contrast , leverage - or the ratio between a bank 's gross assets and its stock of shareholders ' equity - is the Las Vegas part of the return on equity , the contribution made by a punt or a gamble .
Here 's the important point : for any rate of return earned per unit of a bank 's gross assets , the return on shareholders ' equity rises as the assets - to - equity ratio rises - or , to use the jargon , as leverage rises .
Which is easier to grasp by way of a practical illustration .
Suppose a bank has lent £ 1,000 and earns a 1 % net return on this , or £ 10 .
If that £ 1,000 is backed by £ 50 of shareholders ' equity - which is a leverage multiple of 20 - the return on equity is 10 divided by 50 , or 20 % ( which , for what it 's worth , is a handsome rate of return ) .
Now , suppose another bank lends £ 1,000 on a leverage multiple of 50 , or supported by just £ 20 of shareholders ' equity .
In this case , the return on equity is 10 divided by 20 , or 50 % .
So the return to shareholders is a stupendous 50 % .
Or to put it another way , increasing leverage is a simple and automatic way of increasing returns to shareholders .
And as I hope you 've noticed , there 's nothing terribly clever about it .
But if all you care about is fat returns , and you 're not interested in how they 're earned , you 'd give the boss of the highly leveraged bank a cigar , a bottle of Krug and a £ 5 m bonus .
As I 've observed many times in this column , maximising leverage is the equivalent of buying a house with the maximum amount of debt : it looks like an awfully smart thing to do when everything 's going up up up , but is the fastest way to lose money when the economy turns .
Just to prove the point : if our banks were to lose £ 20 on their £ 1,000 of loans , the bank with just £ 20 of equity would be wiped out , it would be bust ( a big hello to Royal Bank of Scotland , which at the peak of its lending and investing had a balance sheet that was indeed 50 times the size of its core equity ) .
So what has Haldane discovered about the golden banking years from 1986 to 2006 ?
Were the super - normal returns of banks the consequence of management skill , viz high returns on gross assets ?
Or were they casino profits , generated because banks in general increased their leverage , their ratio of assets to equity ?
This is what Haldane says :
" Since 2000 , rising leverage fully accounts for movements in UK banks ' ROE [ return on equity ] - both the rise to around 24 % in 2007 and the subsequent fall into negative territory in 2008 . "
In other words , in the seven years before the crash , British banks ' bumper profits were in aggregate generated wholly by a massive increase in leverage by the industry : and in Haldane 's view , these would be returns generated by gamblers ' luck , the jackpot from the roulette ball landing on black .
What follows ?
Well , it 's uncontroversial that we all paid something of a price , in the form of the worst global recession since the 1930s , when the bankers ' luck ran out , when the wheel spun to red .
Which means that we all have an interest in preventing bankers from repeating these reckless gambles .
These would be a few useful lessons .
1 ) The overall level of bankers ' pay was inflated over the past few years by the rewards they scooped from the leverage gamble .
It should be cut to a level commensurate with an industry that 's closer to a boring utility than to a wealth - creating , entrepreneurial venture .
This has not happened yet .
In fact , if anything , bankers are pumping up their pay packages again ( the recent remuneration deal made by Royal Bank of Scotland with its chief executive , Stephen Hester , would not have looked mean in the boom - boom era ) .
2 ) Regulators should impose a legally binding maximum - and at a relatively modest level - for the ratio of a bank 's gross assets to its equity , the leverage multiple , to restrict bankers ' freedom to gamble .
3 ) Owners of banks should be very cautious indeed about rewarding bankers for the returns they generate on equity , and should focus rather more on the returns earned on gross assets .
If you 're still with me ( wakey , wakey ) , there 's one other important related issue I want to explore , which is how to re-introduce moral hazard into banking , how to persuade bank chief executives that they 'll really suffer if they place reckless bets that go wrong .
The problem is that no one can possibly any longer believe that there are any circumstances in which our government will let one of our biggest banks collapse .
Which is an enormous comfort to the chief executive of a bank .
It means he or she can do something spectacularly stupid , safe in the knowledge that taxpayers will bail out the bank as and when it all goes wrong .
The best deterrent against greed - fuelled gambling by banks is the threat of being sacked when it all goes pear - shaped .
But that 's not a particularly scary threat to any banker who 's earned enough in the preceding years never to need to work again .
That rather implies that bankers should be paid a decent wage , but should not be able to get their mits on any serious wealth for years and years and years .
Arguably they should n't be allowed the big haul till they retire and it's clear beyond a scintilla of doubt that they have n't dangerously over - mortgaged their respective institutions .
And once again we 're back to the serious critique of Royal Bank of Scotland 's board for sanctioning Sir Fred Goodwin 's never - have - to - work - again pension .
But Sir Fred is just one embodiment of how banking became a casino run for the benefit of bank executives : the sucker punters were the shareholders and - little did we know it - taxpayers .
The Internet just got a little less sweet .
Hershey Co. announced Thursday that it was closing its Hershey ’s Gifts online service on July 31 .
After that , if customers want the nation ’s second - largest candy maker ’s products , they ’ll have to visit local stores .
“ Hershey ’s is making the strategic decision to exit the online retail business , ” said Hershey spokesman Kirk Saville .
“ The current business model is not sustainable . ”
Saville said that the company was looking into other e-commerce options , including strategic partnerships and licensing agreements .
He declined to say how much revenue the online service was bringing in or if it was losing money .
Advertisement
The website sells a wide assortment of Hershey ’s products including chocolate - covered Macadamia nuts .
It features packaging for special occasions , such as graduations , birthdays and weddings .
Prices are as low as $ 10 and as high as $ 150 , depending on the item .
Because of the closure of the site -- www.hersheysgifts.com -- the online service has reduced the price of all items by 25 % .
Saville said about 12 Hershey ’s Gifts employees would lose their jobs because of the decision .
Hershey hopes to find them jobs with the Hershey , Pa. - based company , he said .
--
Advertisement
william.hennigan@latimes.com
The latest candidate for an obesity - fighting wonder drug is not what you 'd expect :
It 's fat .
Adding fat sounds like a strange way to curb obesity , but scientists think boosting " brown fat " — a special kind of fat that burns calories to keep people warm — might bump up metabolism and help take off pounds .
Now , researchers have figured out how to turn skin cells into brown fat that sucks up energy when transplanted into mice .
They 're hoping a similar strategy could someday work in people .
" Brown fat is one of the body ’s natural defenses against obesity , " said cell biologist Bruce Spiegelman of Harvard Medical School , who co-authored the paper published Wednesday in Nature .
" We ’re trying to tap into a natural pathway involved in this kind of biology . "
Previously , scientists thought only small mammals and newborn babies harbored brown fat .
But in April , three different research teams reported the presence of metabolically active brown fat in adults , located on the front of the neck and around the spine .
" It looks like it ’s present in different amounts in various people , " said endocrinologist Francesco Celi of the National Institutes of Health , who was not involved in the research .
Heavier people appear to have less brown fat , while slim folks have more .
Scientists have speculated that increasing stores of the energy - burning fat might help maintain a proper weight , but until now , making brown fat was a mystery .
Now , Spiegelman and colleagues have identified two proteins that act as molecular " switches " to turn on the production of brown fat .
In the lab , the scientists forced young skin cells from both mice and humans to make these proteins , which then transformed the skin cells into what looks and acts like natural brown fat .
The fat is brown because it contains extra blood vessels and mitochondria , the energy factories of the cell .
But unlike most cells , which take up glucose and turn it into chemical energy , brown fat sucks up glucose and generates heat instead .
" The purpose of brown fat is to be able to burn energy upon request , " Celi said .
" The classical experiment is placing a rodent in a cold room at 4 degrees Celsius .
The animal is able to maintain its core temperature by burning energy , and the amount of energy that ’s consumed goes up in a very substantial manner through the increased metabolism of brown adipose tissue . "
Like natural brown fat , the engineered cells burned calories at an astonishing rate .
When transplanted into mice , the artificial fat consumed even more energy than expected .
" The engineered brown fat cells have same thermogenic program , but it ’s not regulated by hormones the way the natural brown fat cells are , " Spiegelman said .
Instead of needing to be activated by a specific chemical messenger , the engineered fat cells are always active .
" They 're basically in the on position all the time . "
Being stuck in the on position might not be a bad thing , Spiegelman said .
It could mean that less of the engineered fat would be needed to boost metabolism and help people lose weight .
" Now that we all know that brown fat can be engineered , and that adult humans have brown fat , the question is how much does it take to alter the metabolism of a human ? " he said .
The researchers see two ways their findings could translate into treatment for obesity :
Either a person 's own cells could be used to make a brown fat implant , or a drug could be developed that turns on the production of brown fat inside the body .
" If we could find chemical that turns this pathway on , that would be ideal , " Spiegelman said .
Do n't expect a brown fat treatment anytime soon , though .
Humans evolved to conserve energy , not waste it , and so far our clever bodies have managed to foil nearly all of scientists ' attempts to treat obesity .
Even if researchers can find a safe way to make extra brown fat , Celi said , the body might compensate for lost energy by eating more or slowing down other aspects of metabolism .
" It 's a very sound and solid study , " he said .
" In the long run , this could be a strategy .
But from this data to the clinic , there is a long , long time . "
See Also :
Image 1 : Flickr / a_soft_world .
Image 2 : Engineered brown fat cells / Courtesy of Shingo Kajimura .
View Full Version : Hops in Beer and Estrogen levels
seeing clearly Comments on Hops in Beer
Extracted from The Natural Testosterone Plan by Stephen Harrod Buhner
Hops is best known for its use in beer .
The majority of physicians and men overlook its potent chemicals and do not realize that beer itself can significantly alter the male androgen levels .
German beer makers noticed long ago that the young women who picked hops in the fields commonly experienced early menstrual periods .
Eventually , researchers discovered the reason  hops is perhaps one of the most powerfully estrogenic plants on Earth .
Just 100 grams of hops ( about 3.5 ounces ) contains anywhere from thirty thousand to three hundred thousand IUs of estrogen , depending on the type of hops .
Most of it is the very potent estrogen estradiol .
Estradiol , as it is taken into the male body , causes a direct lowering of testosterone levels in the testes and an increase in SHBG levels , which then binds up even more free testosterone in the bloodstream .
The estradiol in hops has also been found to directly interfere with the ability of the testes Leydig cells to produce testosterone .
The presence of this highly estrogenic substance in beer is not an accident .
Prior to the German Beer Purity Act of 1516 , beer almost never contained hops .
In fact , more than one hundred different plants were used in brewing beer for at least ten thousand years prior to the introduction of hops in the middle ages .
For the last thousand years of that period , the most dominant form of beer was called gruit , which contained a mixture of yarrow , bog myrtle , and marsh rosemary .
These herbs , especially in beer , are sexually and mentally stimulating .
( It is rare to become sleepy when drinking un - hopped beers . )
The Catholic Church had a monopoly on the production of gruit , but competing merchants and the Protestants worked together to break their monopoly and force the removal of all sexually stimulating herbs from beer .
They replaced them with an herb that puts the drinker to sleep and dulls sexual drive in the male .
The legislative arguments of the day all hinged on the issue of the stimulating effects of other herbs that were used in beer .
A pilsner , for example , was originally a henbane beer ( pilsen means henbane ) , which is an incredibly strong , psychoactive beer , used earlier in history by German berserkers before battle .
The German Beer Purity
Act was , in effect , the first drug control law ever enacted .
Beer , so highly touted as sexy in television commercials , in actuality can powerfully inhibit sexual strength in men .
There is a well known condition in England  Brewers Droop  that occurs from middle - aged brewers  extensive handling of hops plants .
The plant chemistries readily transmit through the mens skin just as they did in the young women in the fields .
Very few physicians have looked at any correlation between beer drinking and androgen levels or erectile dysfunction problems in their patients .
( How many men on Viagra are heavy beer drinkers ? )
However , the physician Eugene Shippen in The Testosterone Syndrome comments that one of his patients undergoing pharmaceutical testosterone replacement therapy , showed no response to the testosterone until he reduced his beer intake to one or two beers a night from six to seven .
Hops is extremely potent and its consumption should be limited if not completely excluded during all androgen replacement therapy .
These effects can be exacerbated if the beers you buy also contain licorice ( see Licorice section at beginning of chapter ) , a fact that will not be noted the beer label .
It is possible to buy beer that does not interfere with androgen levels , although it can be somewhat hard to find .
Some microbreweries and brew pubs are now making traditional gruits .
Check the brew pubs in your town .
However , the best source is Bruce Williams , a Scottish Brewer who is bringing back the traditional ales of Europe and especially Scotland ( i.e. , pre-hopped European beers ) .
He has five in production and they can often be found in larger American cities at any store that carries a wide selection of unusual beers .
The heather ale is excellent but perhaps more useful would be the traditional pine ale made from the Scotch pine , Pinus sylvestris , whose pollen contains testosterone .
It is also best to buy beers that are bottle - conditioned .
Bottle - conditioned beers are carbonated in the bottle and as such contain live yeasts .
These yeasts ( most commonly Saccharomyces cerevisiae ) are highly nutritive .
They are extremely high in protein , glucose tolerance factor , and B vitamins  especially niacin and B1 .
Glucose tolerance factor , because it helps regulate blood sugar levels , can help with many of the problems associated with diabetes .
Brewers yeast contains the highest levels of glucose tolerance factor of any food .
It also has been found to reduce serum cholesterol and triglyceride levels and newer research has indicated that S. cerevisiae yeasts may have direct enhancement impacts on androgen activity in the body .
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chris Parson this is unfortunate news .
thanks for sharing .
seeing clearly this is unfortunate news .
thanks for sharing .
Glad to do so !
If we can speak with beer drinkers and know our facts
we may stop a nasty travesty against males .
The methods of brewing beer are causing impotence and BIG PHARMA
is rakin ' it in selling remedies for impotence !
As males become aware of the toxic results of drinking " store bought "
beer and turn either to a micro brewery or HOME BREWING ,
the big breweries will suffer and change or go under
meanwhile BIG PHARMA loses a huge income .
I 'm all for THAT !
Now whats in all that vodka that got so popular ??
ummmmm ...??
back to corn squeezins !
and revenooers leeway that hill !
geesh !
I am OLD , I rememeber bathtub gin , a depression era
concoction revived when I was a kid during WW2 !
~
Antaletriangle Henbane ale sounds crazy !
Antaletriangle Good post seeing clearly - i used to brew my own ales years ago i drink real ales and do n't and have never suffered from the above lol , nevertheless i'd like to try gruit ales and the others mentioned such as bottled conditioned ales , thanks .
uboslav
This does make alot of sense .
I thought I was being clever drinking small batch beers with hops .
Well , this peels off another layer of brainwash I guess .
I just quickly confirmed this with my pendulum ... it is correct ..wow
Myra True about Hops , but I think that there is much more to worry about that is unnatural in our environment .
Chemicals such as pesticides , plastics , and even laundry soap just for starters , all have estrogenic compounds or mimic estrogen .
http://www.worldandi.com/public/2001/October/ee.html
http://www.kitchendoctor.com/healthconditions/excessestrogen.html
Also , I am more concerned about fluoridated water being used to brew the Beer .
Beer is good .
Do n't blame the Beer ! : wink2 : It 's just best to avoid as many chemicals as you can to avoid estrogen and drink a natural non-chemical microbrew , or brew your own .
seeing clearly
Good post seeing clearly - i used to brew my own ales years ago i drink real ales and do n't and have never suffered from the above lol , nevertheless i'd like to try gruit ales and the others mentioned such as bottled conditioned ales , thanks .
weeeel .. that article says brew your own or got to a
micro brewery where u can get full disclosure on content
IF enough folks do so , micro brewerys and larger ones will start
supplying what is being ASKED FOR .
Antaletriangle , if u brew some halucinogenic beer call me .: roll1 :
I will bring my sleeping bag and plan a weeks stay !
giggle
I am not a beer drinker but enjoy some NATURAL alt states
when I can get any natural assists .
The Egyptians used beer as a HEALTH drink .
In most advanced nations flouride is banned a long time
already so if TPTB are culling the strong in USA
what better way to lower the reproduction levels
and bring on APATHY as flouride has been proven to do .
So hops and flourid are a TOXIC COCKTAIL !
far from the HEALTH drink it was originally .
Wine is now so adulterated I am often not able to
get past the first sip , especially wines grown from
American vineyards .
The chemicals are overwhelming
Since now ten ears I drink much less wine !
lol !
Think of the hops and whatall else in beer
and ask is this contributing to autism ,
downs syndrome , MS , and u name it . ??
CONCLUSION :
we all get into small communities , grow organic ,
install solar and brew HEALTHY beer and wine !
Party time , y'all .
`
Shellie Speaking of estrogen levels , SOY is one of the worst !
A lot of studies are coming out now that prove that soy , soybeans , soy milk , tofu etc not only inhibit brain function ( and development in children ) , but a soy - based formula given to an infant affects the body chemistry the same way as five birth control pills .
Many vegans / vegetarians report a drastic increase in cognitive function within weeks of giving up soy products .
Shellie I think autism is caused by the child 's brain first getting weakened from excitotoxins the mother consumes while pregnant ( especially aspartame - which turns into formaldehyde once inside the body - and MSG and its derivatives ) , combined with the toxins in the vaccinations .
I do not believe that vaccinations alone are the cause of the spike in autistic children , I think it has something to do with Diet Coke .
Aspartame came out the same time autism started going up , and I think there is a link .
That can also explain why the problem seems to go " in families " - moms drank Diet Coke during all of the pregnancies .
Then the children got vaccinated - and days later , they are never the same .
uboslav Speaking of estrogen levels , SOY is one of the worst !
A lot of studies are coming out now that prove that soy , soybeans , soy milk , tofu etc not only inhibit brain function ( and development in children ) , but a soy - based formula given to an infant affects the body chemistry the same way as five birth control pills .
Many vegans / vegetarians report a drastic increase in cognitive function within weeks of giving up soy products .
Wow this is very interesting .
I had heard this before .
I was just gonna add soy sauce to the meal I was about to eat .
What is a good alternative to soy ?
Is there a direct alternative to soy that vegans are using ?
Phtha Great post .
Good to know .
I 'm gonna to look into that Gruit beer , sounds yummy for sure .
I think I 'll pass on the henbane ale for the time being though .
:lol3 :
It makes me wonder what other wonderful beers might have been brewed in the past .
fil _____
.... and here I was looking forward to growing hops ...
But wait a minute .
I 'm 41 , enjoy hoppy beer , and if I 've noticed a decrease in libido over the years I 've been glad for it -- not that it 's anywhere near the level of a ' problem ' , mind you .
Maybe the trick is to put young men in their teens and twenties to work in the hop fields , and in the hop , er , hoppers at the brewery .
And keep them unaware of the effects of hops ?
Certainly not .
Everyone should be aware , and maybe women could bring their men some India Pale Ale as a hint that they will not be in the mood for that certain kind of attention ...
I have a friend who is a self - certified ' hophead ' .
Wait 'til he hears about this ...
_____
Sideshow Shaman Speaking of estrogen levels , SOY is one of the worst !
A lot of studies are coming out now that prove that soy , soybeans , soy milk , tofu etc not only inhibit brain function ( and development in children ) , but a soy - based formula given to an infant affects the body chemistry the same way as five birth control pills .
Oh yes , very true .
There is an exception though .
Fermented soy is good .
Such as the asian dish ' bad beans ' .
Traditional soy sauce is fermented too .
Thanks for the Hops information !
That is news to me .
Will try looking for those non-hops beers .
seeing clearly a myth in the west is that Asians eat a lot of soy .
NOT so .
very small amounts and always fermented
NO RAW soy or cooked hard soy
always aged .
I suffered 12 years of chronic fatigue syndrome
and when I FINALLY found a doc who LISTENED
and told me the problem ,
it was soy .
I gave up vegetarianism after 12 years and energy
returned , mind functioned again and the fibromyalgia
dsappeared !
I was reborn !
: lmao :
Here are some links about soy :
Soy Dangers Summarised
http://www.soyonlineservice.co.nz/03summary.htm
...
Soy 's Thyroid Dangers
thyroid.about.com/cs/soyinfo/a/soy.htm
...
DietNet - Dangers of Soy
www.frot.co.nz/dietnet/basics/soy.htm
....................
Why Soy Can Damage Your Health
www.mercola.com/article/soy/index.htm
...........
DONT USE IT !
I " lost " 12 years of life to a
vegetarian and soy diet .
I regained my health over many months and tell
everyone to AVOID SOY .
My mind is now focused and creative and I am pain free .
:thumb_yello :
,
Chris Parson there are a lot of ways to be vegetarian without eating a bunch of fake meat products made of vegetable soy protein
Pluto
That is very interesting and indeed unfortunate news .
Another part of life the vatican messed with .
Read it while enjoying a nice Belgium beer .
The last one , for the time being .
* snif *
Bruce Williams , here I come !
Thanks ,
OP .
Lance I actually made a traditional pilsner with henbane ... weird stuff , could n't fathom drinking more than two pints after watching my friend on three !
I did try a nice Scottish Ale made with heather , with a lovely label who 's name I have forgotten and after 3 pints ... a totally different experience than most beers .
At this point living in the Pacific North West ... I mainly drink my own blackberry mead .
We 've bees and blackberries a plenty .
Wo n't touch unfermented soy with ... well ... someone else 's limp you know what ....
Phtha Greetings good peoples ,
I went to the local liquor store last night to try and find some beer
made without hops .
I was actually looking for Gruit but the store never had any , or even heard of it .
: naughty :
I did find this though ..
Heather ale brewed since 2000 bc .
Notice where it
says that 18th century British legislation forced Scottish brewers to use hops .
:sneaky2 :
Just more information which adds confirmation to the OPs article .
http://folkentaels.com/images/heatherale_sm.jpg
It was a good beer btw !
seeing clearly Thanks Phtha
elsewhere in this forum on another topic I have said that Britain was overtaken in the MID 18th Cent. by what was then illuminati and later jacobins and now NWO or BRITISH / ISRAELITES
IMV this is the encroaching NWO and it wants all MALES lax in the testosterone department but frustrated enough to be led about by
the head of their organ and photos of britney and lindsey , pamela and
all the newest marilyns
get horny and impregnate some female to breed but not enugh to
pump up a pair to resist any tyranny !
and always what is now the rcc is lurking behind those heavy drapes cutting off all SUNLIGHT
what form did take over Britain was that very rcc and Britain lost her soverignty to the vatican in MID 18th and that very same vatican now has a soverign territory near Wash , DC some believe is its military outpost in its western domains
the takeover of global peoples is all vatican guided and the semites were set up long ago to take the blame because they WILLINGLY accepted the position of PLANTATION OVERSEER to protect the PLANTATION MASTER who chose to stay hidden .
jesuits anyone ??
see how it was done ?
since judaism was not getting converts from among the non semitic people and tyrannical Rome that had evolved after the Republic was dissolved by greed and avarice , wanted full control of non jude folks , the powerful had to make a plan
so those powerful of the tyranny aspect , probably the Pisa Family , got hold of one Saul of Tarsus and gave him a life long pension to do the huge PR campaign that would seduce the non semites into a new religion rendering them harmless and thus was xianity born
from the obsessive drive of a pervert who changed his name to PAUL
xianity was the tool of the powerful ever since as was its parent religion judaism
now tyranny had two systems born of same lies to pit against each other and furthur divide the folk and it evolved by Machiavellian intrigue to being the horror entity it is since 300 AD and the Nicean hoax .
what this has to do with Scottish beer is this :
every possible tiny way to make males want to impregnate and still be powerless has been tricked out in all social mileaux so as to make these destructions acceptable to the common Folk
give 'em beer brewed to make 'em breed and roll over and go to sleep and never even THINK of resisting all labors dumped on their dumbed
down heads !
and what was even then put in the water to create APATHY and no urge to resist the yoke as it got ever heavier and people were dying by 30 years and an OLD MAN was 40 !
women lived very few years of heavywork and breeding one after another
babies many of whom would not live as the mothers body was too weak to give a good start to a baby .
So unless we take back our own brewing and raising of organic foods
and preservations by NATURAL processes , breeding of our own animals
for food and clean killing for butchering , we can count on more diseases and less pleasurable activities whether or not those activities involve gettin ' any .
86 the hops and use ONLY spring water and the purest herbs for flavors .
brew some beers for healing and some for just drinking
see our populations level out and any diseases disappear !
and a good buzz with good company .
win /win .
: bleh :
.
Phtha [ COLOR = " Lime " ] [ SIZE = " 3 " ]
IMV this is the encroaching NWO and it wants all MALES lax in the testosterone department but frustrated enough to be led about by
the head of their organ and photos of britney and lindsey , pamela and
all the newest marilyns
.
Yup your right , I knew they did it though soy , and many chemicals in our food ,
but the hops I had no clue .
Good thing I 'm not a frequent drinker .
earthdeva
All herbs have healing qualitites in one form or another ... hops may not be appropriate to add to beer , and now understanding the reasons behind it original addition we are aware .
Hops is not all bad , there is a time and place for all herbs , below is some information about hops healing qualities and their " medicine "
Thanks , Earthdeva
Hops Remedies made from the hops plant is very effective in the treatment of tension especially when it is blended with other healing herbs , such blends are also used for treating headaches .
Such herbal blends containing hops must not be used if depression is a symptom .
The treatment of certain types of asthma conditions and even painful menstrual symptoms can be carried out using hops as its anti-spasmodic action is very effective in such cases .
Traditionally , hop filled pillows were used for inducing sleep ; this indicates an old knowledge of the supposed sedative action of hops in the herbal lore .
In traditional herbal practice , the hops was believed to be helpful in relieving muscle tension as well as anxiety , it was believed to be helpful in soothing pain , and in quieting restlessness as well as mental agitation of patients .
Hops also aids in reducing tension along affected muscles in the body due to its strong anti-spasmodic actions , this effectively relieves muscular spasms and cases of colic in the gut .
This action also ensures hops is an excellent remedy for cases of conditions such as irritable bowel syndrome , problems like diverticulitis , problems like nervous indigestion , along with problems such as peptic ulcers , problems like Crohn 's disease , ulcerative colitis and other kinds of stress related digestive problems affecting patients .
In addition , digestive action in the body is aided by the bitter principles present in the hops , these enhance the action of the liver and aid in the secretion of bile as well as other digestive juices in the body of the patient .
Hops based compounds called tannins also aid in the quick healing of irritated inflammatory conditions of many types and can treat diarrhea
.
The strong antiseptic action of the hops also relieves infections in the body .
Hops also possess very strong estrogenic action , which makes it an excellent remedy for all sorts of problems in the body connected with menopause in women .
Painful and suppressed menstrual periods can also be treated using the hops based medications .
The elimination of toxins from the system is effected by the asparagin content in hops and this compound is a soothing diuretic , aiding in the reduction of fluid retention .
The combination of this property of affecting the liver and its ability to cleanse toxins has ensured hops have a reputation as a cleanser of skin problems of all kinds .
The anti-histamine action and relaxant functions of the hops is also very useful in cases of skin problems .
Creams containing the hops are used to keep the skin soft and supple and are used in the roll of wrinkle delaying lotions .
Hops also have a strong antiseptic action and this is effective in treating cuts , all sorts of skin wounds and ulcers on the body .
seeing clearly
It is a claim that a hops stuffed pillow willl induce
easy calm sleep .
An " Old Wives Tale " claims a young woman can dream of her
future husband if she sleeps on a pillow stuffed with hops .
In a tisane it is said to be an immediate calminative
for hysteria .
I never tried it but have used it in a blend of relaxing tea .
it smells great .
~
:)
vBulletin® v3.8.4 , Copyright ©2000 - 2020 , Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd .
Cosmic strings at the dawn of the universe may have fragmented and whipped “ beads ” across the cosmos ( Image : Adolf Schaller for STScI / NASA )
SPACE -TIME should have universe - sized snags called cosmic strings running across it , but none have yet been found .
That could be because they broke into a tangle of smaller strings and beads soon after the big bang .
The good news is that this would have created gravitational waves that could be detected on Earth .
Many theories predict the existence of cosmic strings .
These topological defects in space - time , which can be larger than the observable universe , should have formed as …
Published online 15 June 2009 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2009.574
News
Pristine white marbles were once a riot of colour .
Researchers have confirmed that the sculptures on the triangular gables of the Parthenon temple in Athens were originally brightly painted .
Conservation scientists at the British Museum in London used a non-invasive technique to reveal invisible traces of an ancient pigment known as Egyptian blue .
The team says that this is the first definitive evidence that the two - metre - high sculptures were not pristine white , as they appear today , but were precisely painted — as most sculptures from antiquity once were .
The belt of the winged messenger goddess Iris was painted blue , as shown by a luminescence technique ( right ) .
British Museum
The pigment , which was widely used until 800 AD , was identified on sculptures that formed parts of the decorated east and west ends of the Parthenon temple .
Together with other parts of the temple , such as the frieze from within the building , they are sometimes collectively referred to as the Elgin marbles — removed by Lord Elgin , British ambassador to the Ottoman Empire from 1799 – 1803 , and then transferred to the British Museum in 1816 .
The scientists announced their findings just as the long - running feud over the ownership of the marbles has once again boiled over .
The Acropolis Museum in Athens is due to be inaugurated on 20 June and was , in part , designed to house the marbles .
Top delegates from the United Kingdom — including the Queen , Prime Minister Gordon Brown and Neil MacGregor , director of the British Museum — have declined to attend the opening .
The British Museum has also reiterated its standpoint on Greece 's request to repatriate the marbles , saying that it will not return any of them except on a short - term loan — and then only if Greece acknowledges the British Museum 's rightful ownership .
Antique paint
It has been known for more than two centuries that the Ancient Greeks and Romans painted their statues .
That paint has almost completely disappeared over time , although tiny flecks can be found on most statues on close inspection .
Unusually , no trace of paint has ever been found on the Parthenon sculptures , despite thorough analysis — including a full investigation by the renowned British physicist Michael Faraday in the 1830s .
Giovanni Verri , a physicist in the museum 's department of conservation and scientific research , developed a technique to exploit the fact that Egyptian blue emits near - infrared radiation when excited by visible light .
His portable detector comprises a light - emitting diode that beams red light onto the surface being examined , and a camera that can detect the infrared light emitted by the pigment particles1 .
The distribution of the pigment is also a key issue in proving that the sculptures were painted , says Verri .
For example , the pigment found on the winged messenger goddess
Iris traces just the belt restraining her billowing tunic ( see picture , above ) , and nowhere else on the figure .
Greek conservators have recently observed greenish flecks on remnants of the Parthenon frieze that are in Athens , but have not reported analyses of them .
" We informed our Greek colleagues of what we found , " says Verri , " and they responded warmly , saying they are interested to examine these flecks themselves . "
" I always believed the frieze must have been painted , " adds Ian Jenkins , senior curator in the British Museum 's Department of Greece and Rome .
" This new method leaves no room for doubt . "
Verri thinks these frieze flecks could also be Egyptian blue , and is keen to examine them with his portable detector .
But he adds that as diplomatic tensions have flared up again , now might be an insensitive time to offer .
By and large , nature is disgusting .
It 's chock full of bugs and hobos and other things that roll in feces .
But amidst that slurry of nasty , science has been finding a number of medical breakthroughs .
Nauseating , repulsive medical breakthroughs .
6 Hippo Sweat
Hippos are the guidos of the animal kingdom .
They 're huge , oily and they never sunburn .
They 're also known for being ridiculously territorial animals capable of gnawing a man to shreds with their vicious gums and Rubenesque , flapping jowls .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
But , in studying these chubby , ill - tempered animals from a distance , one of the first things scientists noticed was their sweat .
Rather than being clear like human sweat , hippo sweat is red and viscous .
Noticing this was totally weird , researchers collected a bunch of hippo sweat probably by sacrificing a few grad students and running a swab across some hippo ass while they were distracted .
After a few hours of hard sciencing , they discovered that the sweat turned out to be a first - rate sunblock .
It 's filled with little microscopic structures that actually break up and scatter light molecules .
It 's also a first - rate antiseptic and an effective insect repellent .
Kind of makes your sweat 's ability to scare away women look pretty shitty by comparison , does n't it ?
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Also this is how Hippo Trees are made .
Considering all the things it can do , hippo sweat is the obese , aquatic mammal wet - dream of any cosmetics company .
As soon as scientists find a way to make it not smell like hippo B.O. and advertisers find a way to disguise the fact that it rolled off a hippo's ass , expect to see squeeze tubes of this stuff being sold around the globe .
Introduction :
Since their release , SSD ’s have been targeted towards the enthusiast and enterprise market by offering fast writes and blazing reads .
This leaves the majority of consumers and small businesses high and dry .
Kingston hopes to remedy this with their new line of solid state drives , the SSDNow V Series .
This new iteration targets the “ Average Joe ” that wants a noticeable upgrade , but does n’t want to completely rebuild , buy a new machine or spend a ton of money .
When Kingston offered TechwareLabs their 128GB model , we gladly jumped at the opportunity to put this new “ consumer grade ” SSD through its paces .
So does the lower price tag mean lower quality or will we find the ideal drive upgrade for everyone ?
Kingston ’s
Take :
“ Kingston Introduces its SSDNow V Series drive to help organizations of all sizes and consumers enhance the performance of computers with a Serial ATA ( SATA ) interface .
By improving a computer ’s performance and durability , SSDNow V Series drives help increase productivity , and extend the life of existing computers . ”
Related
För nu när du är här och vi har din uppmärksamhet , gå in på :
WWF:s hemsida och stöd deras arbete , låt oss rädda våra vilda djur !
Key Birther Lawyer Was Disbarred … In 2004
Created : July 20 , 2009 11:02 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
One of the more amusing quirks of the “ birther ” movement is the quality of the legal minds in whom Obama birth certificate obsessives are placing their trust — and their occasional donations .
Phil Berg , the original “ birther ” lawyer , has been forced to pay out sanctions for legal malpractice .
Orly Taitz , famously , got her law degree from an online correspondence school .
And it turns out that Charles Lincoln , who has been assisting Taitz — he provided judges with amended complaints in Keyes et al v. Obama et al last week and he showed up at the last hearing on the case — has been disbarred in California , as well as Florida and Texas .
From the May 2004 issue of the California Bar Journal , which reported on the matter :
In 2000 , Lincoln was convicted in Texas on a federal charge of falsely representing his Social Security number , a felony .
As a result , he gave up his license to practice in the state .
Originally charged with five felonies , the case resulted from Lincoln applying for a checking account using a false Social Security number .
In a second matter , he was disbarred from U.S. District Court for the Western District of Texas after a federal judge requested an investigation of Lincoln because two of his clients had a falsified receipt .
The receipt purported to be from the federal court clerk and represented funds the clients had given Lincoln .
The clients believed Lincoln was depositing their money in an escrow account related to their case .
Two days before a hearing by the federal court ’s admissions committee , Lincoln went to his clients ’ home , instructed them not to tell the judge that he gave them the receipt , which he asked them not to produce , and he gave the clients a cashier ’s check for $ 6,000 .
He did not appear at the hearing .
In a previous lawsuit , the same judge determined that Lincoln was involved in discovery abuse and filed duplicative motions .
The judge issued sanctions and dismissed the lawsuit with prejudice .
At the July 12 hearing on the Keyes complaint , Lincoln identified himself as a “ law clerk . ”
The eyewitness report of that hearing is worth reading , since it contradicts with Taitz ’s original , hilarious report of a judge who took her seriously .
Actually , Judge David Carter spent a lot of time trying to get Taitz to stop wasting the court ’s time with antics such as reading her complaint into the record .
–
* You can follow TWI on Twitter and Facebook . *
The moment construction worker dangling from a crane plucks woman trapped in swirling river to safety
A construction worker dangles from a crane , his arm stretched out to reach a terrified woman trapped in swirling water at the base of a dam .
These astonishing images show the dramatic rescue of the woman after her boat overturned near the dam on the Des Moines River in Iowa .
She was pulled to safety by the quick - thinking construction crew - but her husband , who was with her in the boat when it overturned yesterday , tragically drowned .
Construction worker Jason Oglesbee dangles from a crane as he stretches a hand towards the drowning woman in the Des Moines River yesterday
The heroic construction worker pulls the woman to safety
' I saw the boat drift down , and he started it up and he hit the bridge base , ' construction worker Joe Lowe told local media .
' Then he tried to wrap it up with an anchor or line and then I heard him holler at his wife , put your life jacket on .
He did n't have one on . '
The unnamed husband 's concern for his wife may have saved her life .
Her life jacket kept her afloat in the swirling waters of the river for up more than half an hour as construction worker Jason Oglesbee battled to reach her .
Des Moines police Sgt. Joe Gonzalez said the workers saw the woman floating in a boil and they tried to move a crane over to her .
Emergency crews said it is likely the woman would have drowned had it not been for the construction crew 's heroic rescue operation
Clutching life preservers thrown to her by rescue services , the woman struggles to stay afloat near the dam before the rescue
Meanwhile , fire crews tried to throw life preservers from a boat .
After the initial attempt with the crane was unsuccessful , the construction company rigged up Oglesbee to the crane with a harness and Oglesbee was able to grab the woman from the water .
' They just harnessed me in and dipped me down in the water and I grabbed her , ' he said .
When asked if he volunteered to be rigged to the crane , Oglesbee said he just happened to be wearing the harness .
' I just told her to hang on tight .
I wo n't let go , ' Oglesbee recalled .
Oglesbee is lowered to the water by the crane
The Des Moines River near the Center Street Dam in downtown Des Moines during the rescue yesterday
He insisted the rescue was a team effort and was reluctant to talk to media , saying : ' It 's no big deal .
The whole crew did it .'
' If it was n't for the team effort of Cramer & Associates , we might have two drowning victims , ' Gonzalez said .
The body of the man , who was in his 60s , was pulled from the water about 25 minutes after the boat overturned at 4 pm yesterday afternoon .
The woman was pulled from the water at 4.35 pm and rushed to hospital , where she was pronounced stable last night .
See video from the amazing rescue here
Research Box Title
NASA scientists have interrupted the checkout and calibration of the Hubble Space Telescope to aim the recently refurbished observatory at a new expanding spot on the giant planet Jupiter .
The spot , caused by the impact of a comet or an asteroid , is changing day to day in the planet 's cloud tops .
For the past several days the world 's largest telescopes have been trained on Jupiter .
Not to miss the potentially new science in the unfolding drama 360 million miles away , Space Telescope Science Institute director Matt Mountain allocated discretionary time to a team of astronomers led by Heidi Hammel of the Space Science Institute in Boulder , Colo .
The Hubble picture , taken on July 23 , is the sharpest visible - light picture taken of the impact feature .
The observations were made with Hubble 's new camera , the Wide Field Camera 3 ( WFC3 ) .
" This image of the impact on Jupiter is fantastic , " said U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski , D - Md. , chairwoman of the Commerce , Justice and Science Appropriations Subcommittee .
" It tells us that our astronauts and ground crew at the Goddard Space Flight Center successfully repaired the Hubble telescope . "
" This is just one example of what Hubble 's new , state - of - the - art camera can do , thanks to the STS - 125 astronauts and the entire Hubble team , " said Ed Weiler , associate administrator of NASA 's Science Mission Directorate .
" However , the best is yet to come ! "
" Hubble 's truly exquisite imaging capability has revealed an astonishing wealth of detail in the 2009 impact site , " said Hammel .
" By combining these images with our ground - based data at other wavelengths , our Hubble data will allow a comprehensive understanding of exactly what is happening to the impact debris .
My sincerest congratulations and thanks to the team who created Wide Field Camera 3 and to the astronauts who installed it ! "
Co-investigator Imke de Pater of the University of California at Berkeley said : " The combination of the Hubble data with mid-infrared images from the Gemini telescope will give us an insight into changes of the vertical structure of the atmosphere due to the impact . "
Discovered by Australian amateur astronomer Anthony Wesley on Sunday , July 19 , the spot was created when a small object plunged into Jupiter 's atmosphere and disintegrated .
The only other time in history such a feature has been seen on Jupiter was 15 years ago .
" This is strikingly similar to the comet Shoemaker Levy 9 that impacted Jupiter in July 1994 , " said team member Keith Noll of the Space Telescope Science Institute in Baltimore , Md .
" Since we believe this magnitude of impact is rare , we are very fortunate to see it with Hubble , " added Amy Simon - Miller of NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Md . She explained that the details seen in the Hubble view shows a lumpiness to the debris plume caused by turbulence in Jupiter 's atmosphere .
The spot is presently twice the length of the United States .
Simon - Miller estimated that the diameter of the object that slammed into Jupiter was at least the size of several football fields .
The force of the explosion on Jupiter was thousands of times more powerful than the suspected comet or asteroid that exploded over the Tunguska River Valley in Siberia in June 1908 .
The WFC3 , installed by the STS - 125 astronauts in May , is not yet fully calibrated .
So while it is possible to obtain celestial images , the camera 's full power cannot yet be realized for most observations .
The WFC3 can still return meaningful science images that will complement the Jupiter pictures being taken with ground - based telescopes .
This is a natural color image of Jupiter as seen in visible light .
Credit : NASA , ESA , and H. Hammel ( Space Science Institute , Boulder , Colo. ) , and the Jupiter Impact Team
The members of the Jupiter Impact Team are :
Dr. Heidi B. Hammel ( Space Science Institute , Boulder , Colo . )
Dr. Amy Simon - Miller ( NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center , Greenbelt , Md. )
Dr. Keith S. Noll ( Space Telescope Science Institute , Baltimore , Md. )
Dr. Michael H. Wong ( Space Telescope Science Institute , Baltimore , Md. )
Prof. John T. Clarke ( Boston University , Boston , Mass . )
Prof. Imke de Pater ( University of California , Berkeley , Calif . )
Dr. Glenn S. Orton ( Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif . )
Dr. Agustin Sanchez - Lavega ( University of the Basque Country , Spain )
Enlarge AP file photo Eunice Kennedy Shriver , who died at the age of 88 , laughs during a satirical presentation in Washington in April 1968 .
KEY DATES IN THE LIFE OF EUNICE KENNEDY SHRIVER : KEY DATES IN THE LIFE OF EUNICE KENNEDY SHRIVER : July 10 , 1921 Born in Brookline , Mass. , the fifth child of Joseph and Rose Kennedy 1943 Graduates from Stanford University with a bachelor of science degree in sociology 1944 Brother Joseph Kennedy is killed in World War II at age 29 1948 Sister Kathleen Kennedy is killed in a plane crash in France at age 28 1953 Marries Robert Sargent Shriver Jr .
1954 Son Robert Sargent Shriver III is born 1955 Daughter Maria Owings Shriver is born 1957 Takes over operation of Joseph P. Kennedy Jr. Foundation , which was named after her brother 1959 Son Timothy Perry Shriver is born 1962 Begins a summer day camp at her home in Maryland for developmentally disabled children and adults 1963 Brother John F. Kennedy is killed in Dallas at age 46 1964 Son Mark Kennedy Shriver is born 1965 Son Anthony Paul Kennedy Shriver is born 1968 Brother Robert Kennedy is killed in California at age 42 while campaigning for president ; six weeks later , the Kennedy Foundation and Chicago Parks Department host the first Special Olympics at Soldier Field 1984 Awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Reagan 1995 Mother Rose Kennedy dies at age 104 2002 Awarded the Theodore Roosevelt Award by the National Collegiate Athletic Association 2003
Her husband discloses he is suffering from early stages of Alzheimer 's disease 2005 Sister Rosemary Kennedy , the inspiration for the Special Olympics , dies at age 86 2006 Sister Patricia Kennedy Lawford dies at age 82 Sources : John F. Kennedy Presidential Library & Museum , Special Olympics Enlarge AP file photo Eunice Shriver arrives at the Golden Jubilee Gala of the Viennese Opera Ball at New York 's Waldorf Astoria Hotel in January 2005 .
Shriver poured heart , soul into helping disabled
Eunice Kennedy Shriver , sister of a president and U.S. senators , was lauded after her death Tuesday for a towering achievement of her own : ending the stigma associated with mental disabilities .
Shriver died at a hospital near the Kennedy family compound in Hyannis Port , Mass .
She was 88 and had suffered several strokes in recent years .
Shriver — spurred by her love for her developmentally disabled sister , Rosemary — devoted much of her life to raising money and awareness to help people with mental disabilities .
Her signature accomplishment was the founding of the Special Olympics , which sponsors competitions for disabled athletes .
" If you do n't have an idea that materializes and changes a person 's life , then what have you got ? "
Shriver said to USA TODAY in 2006 .
" You have talk , you have research , you have telephone calls , you have meetings , but you do n't have a change in the community . "
READ ENTIRE FAMILY STATEMENT : Expresses shock , grief
With Shriver 's death , only two of her eight siblings are still living : Sen. Edward Kennedy , D - Mass. , and Jean Kennedy Smith .
Her younger brother , who is fighting brain cancer , praised his sister 's " boundless passion to make a difference . "
" She understood deeply the lesson our mother and father taught us — much is expected of those to whom much has been given , " the senator said in a statement .
A family spokesman says a public wake will be held Thursday from 1 p.m. to 7 p.m. at Our Lady of Victory Roman Catholic Church in the Centerville section of Barnstable , not far from the family 's Hyannis Port compound .
Family members gathered privately on Tuesday night .
The family did not immediately announce plans for a funeral service .
Such praise came from around the globe and across party lines .
" She is an American original , and the world will be a poorer place for her absence , " Sen .
Orrin Hatch , R - Utah , said in a statement .
Pope Benedict XVI also sent condolences to Shriver 's family , as did President Obama , who hailed her as " a champion for people with intellectual disabilities . "
Among her siblings , Shriver " was the most competitive of the family , " said historian James Hilty of Temple University , author of a biography of Shriver 's brother , Robert Kennedy .
" Her father said if she 'd been born ( a boy ) , she would 've been president , " he said .
Eunice Kennedy was born July 10 , 1921 , the fifth of nine children , to Joseph and Rose Kennedy in Brookline , Mass .
She attended Catholic schools and earned a bachelor 's degree in sociology from Stanford University in 1943 .
She held jobs in social work but kept a hand in politics .
She campaigned for her brothers : John , who became president ; Robert , a New York senator ; and Edward .
In 1953 , she married Robert Sargent Shriver Jr. , who ran for vice president with George McGovern on the 1972 Democratic ticket , and he helped found the Peace Corps and Head Start , the child - development program .
The couple had five children , including Maria , a former TV reporter married to California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger ; Mark , a former Maryland state legislator ; and Tim , who is chairman of the board for the Special Olympics .
Eunice Kennedy Shriver 's sister Rosemary , born with mental retardation made worse by a surgical lobotomy , spent most of her adult life at a private institution and died in 2005 .
Shriver devoted much of her energies to countering the social stigma once attached to mental disabilities .
" If I never met Rosemary , never known anything about handicapped children , how would I have ever found out ?
Because nobody accepted them anyplace , " she told National Public Radio in 2007 .
In 1957 , she became head of the Joseph P. Kennedy Jr. Foundation , which helped fund Roman Catholic organizations and those that benefited the mentally disabled .
In 1962 , she opened her Maryland estate to a summer camp for mentally disabled children .
In July 1968 , just weeks after Robert Kennedy was killed while campaigning for president , about 1,000 people from 26 U.S. states and Canada participated in the first Special Olympics at Soldier Field in Chicago .
Shriver persuaded Chicago officials to join with her foundation to sponsor it .
Today , the organization says it serves almost 3 million children in 180 countries .
Shriver brought a dose of Kennedy charisma to the causes she championed , said Bob Johnson , head of the Massachusetts branch of the Special Olympics .
" She was a magnet , " he said .
" Anywhere that she was , people would just crowd around her . "
Her children testified to the drive that helped her overcome prejudice and inertia .
" When I feel a little daunted , " her son Robert said in 2007 , " I think about , ' What would Mother do ? '
The answer is , run them over . "
Contributing : Tom Vanden Brook
The Bean is just a POJO - without any dependencies to libraries etc :
public class MessageFacade {
public String hello( ) {
return " Working without annotations " ;
}
}
You will need to specify everything in XML :
< ejb-jar xmlns = " http://java.sun.com/xml/ns/javaee "
version = " 3.1 "
xmlns:xsi = " http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance "
xsi:schemaLocation = " http://java.sun.com/xml/ns/javaee
http://java.sun.com/xml/ns/javaee/ejb-jar_3_1.xsd " >
< enterprise - beans >
< session >
< ejb-name>MessageFacade</ejb-name >
< local - bean / >
<ejb-class>com.abien.patterns.business.annotationless.boundary.MessageFacade</ejb-class >
< session - type > Stateless</session -type >
</session >
</enterprise - beans >
< /ejb-jar >
Now you can use already the no-interface view Bean and inject it into a servlet ( JSF backing beans , interceptors , other beans ) :
public class FrontController extends HttpServlet {
@EJB
MessageFacade facade ;
//...
With XML ( ejb- jar.xml ) you could develop the whole application without even having the EJB 3.X API in your classpath ...
This sample was deployed as a WAR .
The ejb - jar.xml has to be placed into WEB - INF .
The project ( AnnotationLessEJB31 ) was pushed into : http://kenai.com/projects/javaee-patterns/.
The code was tested with Netbeans 6.7 and Glassfish v3 Prelude .
Netbeans 6.7 , however , does not support EJB 3.1 directly .
You will have to copy the ejb - jar.xml from src / java / conf into build / web / WEB -INF / manually or change the ANT - script .
Yesterday over at Future Majority , Kevin Bondelli responded to Jack Hough ’s New York Post column “ Do n’t Get That College Degree ! ”
Bondelli ’s take led with one of the more terrifying titles I ’ve seen lately : “ Has College Become a Bad Investment ? ”
Yow .
When you dig the hole so deep that you can even use that kind of question as a rhetorical device , you know you ’re in some deep , deep kim - chee .
Seriously .
That one ranks right up there with “ Is breathing really a good idea ? ” and “ What are the lasting benefits of a howitzer shot to the balls ? ”
Snark aside , Bondelli does a nice job of addressing Hough , who “ argues that the increase in lifetime wages for graduates no longer makes up for the financial burden of university education and the ensuing student loan burden . ”
He also takes on one of the GOP ’s most successful and devastating canards , explaining that
In 2003 when I was lobbying against tuition increases in Arizona , a Republican state legislator argued that a college degree is a personal investment that the students are paying for their own future financial prosperity .
I second Kevin ’s thoughts ( and encourage you to click over and read the whole post ) .
However , I also think the response needs to run even deeper .
In truth , as stupid as that Repub legislator ’s argument was ( and in all likelihood , as stupid as the legislator was ) , it ’s an argument that wins over a lot of people if you let its underlying assumption go unchallenged .
Bondelli touches on the point in quoting University of Rhode IslandVice President for Administration and Finance Robert Weygand , who explains that
Public colleges need to promote and publicize the work they do for the community and their contributions to economic development .
Well - publicized proof that they make a difference to the state , and not just the earning potential of individual graduates , is meaningful to lawmakers , even in tough times .
The underlying issue that must be dragged out into the light and stomped is that somehow a nation ’s education policy is all about individual investment .
This is “ ownership society ” - style bullshit and it traces its “ intellectual ” roots back through the eight - year lie that was the Reagan administration and into the conservative academic framework laid in the 1960s by the likes of Daniel Bell .
It culminated in rhetorical low - water marks like “ government is n’t the solution to your problems – it is the problem , ” and unfortunately the Newspeak linguistic cross - patch that this crowd inflicted on an easily - duped public is still working its corrosive magic today .
The answer we give when faced with this kind of cynical forked - tonguery must make clear that it ’s not about Little Billy choosing whether or not to invest in his future .
Instead , the question is about what ’s best for the nation .
In a society where only the top 5 % of economic elites can afford a quality education – and we ’re heading in that direction at a rapid pace – that means that 95 % of the nation ’s intelligence , 95 % of its genius , 95 % of its creativity and insight and inventiveness and problem solving capacity , 95 % of its scientific potential – 95 % of that nation ’s possibility is at risk .
It ’s likely doomed to go unrealized .
Imagine that nation engaged in a highly competitive global marketplace with countries that make refining their intelligence , regardless of class or station of birth , a top priority .
Imagine a nation that ’s much like America in size and socioeconomic structure and overall potential .
And imagine that while we ’re keeping 95 % of our brighest and best away from learning as best we can , they ’re moving heaven and earth to get their brightest and best all the education possible .
Let ’s go a step further and make this a math question .
The US has a population of around 300 million .
Statistically speaking , “ genius ” is a term that ( as flawed as it may be ) refers to the top 2 % intellectually .
So that means that America is home to roughly 6 million geniuses .
Now , say we only provide quality educational opportunities to the richest 5 % .
That leaves us with 300,000 of our best minds honest to their sharpest potential .
Now consider that other hypothetical country , call it AltAmerica .
Same numbers , only this time you educate all your geniuses .
Our 300,000 is now up against their 6 million .
Which nation do you think innovates the best products ?
( I start with that example , because obviously nothing matters besides feeding the consumerist beast , right ? )
Who more quickly comes up with cures for diseases ?
Who creates solutions to pressing social challenges ?
Who is best able to provide for the common weal while preserving the environment ?
Over time , which nation comes to dominate and which one fades ?
A nation that adopts a “ let Billy decide whether to invest in his future ” policy will be , in short order , at the mercy of a nation that makes educating Billy a top priority .
If you do n’t like my math , fine , adjust to your liking .
But the dynamic remains ( and I ’m framing the discussion in a restrictive fashion , as well , because you do n’t have to be a rated genius to be smart enough to change the world ) .
And by the way , I do have a couple of specific nations in mind .
Neither of them has a population of 300 million , either .
Both have over a billion people , and they have more honor students than we have students .
That politician that Kevin references is either stupid or corrupt , or maybe both .
But whether he ’s acting out of class - based malice or simple butt - ignorance , the policy he espouses would , over time , reduce the US to the equivalent if a slobbering backwater surrounded by thrumming , intellect - powered New Atlantises .
No doubt he ’d like to keep the rabble in its place , educated only enough to provide unquestioning labor for the power elite ’s enterprises , but the dangerous fact is that he has n’t thought this thing all the way through .
Which also demonstrates , by the way , that not everybody in that 5 % elite is exactly rocket surgeon material .
So maybe my scenario above was actually a little … conservative , if you will .
Thanks to Kevin for taking this issue head - on .
I hope he wo n’t mind me adding my two cents …
Far more serious , however , was that the social workers seemed determined to hang on to the child , now in foster care , on the sole grounds that they had found the house dirty and in a mess ( the “ animal entrails ” played a large part in their evidence ) .
This was despite the testimony of a woman Pc ( who had visited the house a month earlier on a different matter ) that she found it “ clean and tidy ” .
Two hundred horrified local residents , who knew the couple as doting parents of a happy , well - cared - for child , were about to stage a protest demonstration when they were stopped by the police , on the social workers ’ instructions that this might identify the child .
Those who forget history are doomed to repeat it .
For example : say you 're an entertainment executive looking to stop some incredibly popular kind of online information transmission – infringing music copyright , say .
Where would you look to find a rich history of this kind of online battle ?
Why , the Spam Wars , of course .
Where else ?
Electronic spam has existed in one form or another since 1978 .
For 30 years , networks have served as battlefield in the fight between those who want your mailbox filled with their adverts and those who want to help you avoid the come-ons .
The war against spam has been a dismal failure : there 's far more spam today than ever before , and it grows more sinister by the day .
Gary Thuerk 's 1978 bulk email advertisement for a new Digital Equipment model ( widely held to be the first spam ) was merely annoying and gormless .
Today , the spam you receive might hijack your computer , turning it into a spyware - riddled zombie that harvests your banking details and passwords and uses its idle resources to send out even more spam .
It might encrypt your files and demand anonymous cash transfers before unlocking them .
It might be a front for a Spanish Prisoner scammer who will rob you of every cent you and your loved ones have .
And ( practically ) everyone hates spam .
It 's not like copyrighted music , where millions of time - rich , cash - poor teenagers and cheapskates are willing to spend their days and nights figuring out how to get more of it in their lives .
In the Spam War , the message recipients are enthusiastic supporters of the cause .
Let 's have a look at some of the spam war tactics that have been tried and have been found wanting .
Content - based filters
These were pretty effective for a very brief period , but the spammers quickly outmanoeuvred them .
The invention of word - salads ( randomly cut / pasted statistically normal text harvested from the net ) , alphabetical substitutions , and other tricksy techniques have trumped the idea that you can fight spam just by prohibiting certain words , phrases or media .
Unintended consequence :
It 's practically impossible to have an email conversation about Viagra , inheritances , medical conditions related to genitals , and a host of other subjects because of all the " helpful " filters still fighting last year 's spam battle , diligently vaporising anyone who uses the forbidden words .
Blacklisting
Anti-spam groups maintain blacklists of " rogue " internet service providers and their IPs – the numbers that identify individual computers .
These are ISPs that , due to negligence , malice , error , or a difference of opinion on how to best block bad actors , end up emitting a lot of spam to the rest of the internet .
Again , this worked pretty well for a short period , but was quickly overwhelmed by more sophisticated spammers who switched from running rogue email servers to simply hijacking end users '
PCs and using them to send spams from millions of IPs .
Unintended consequence : IP blocking becomes a form of collective punishment in which innocent people are punished ( blocked from part or all of the internet ) because one person did something naughty , and none of the punished had the power to prevent it .
A single IP can stand in for thousands or even millions of users .
The blacklists are maintained by groups whose identity is shrouded in secrecy ( " to prevent retaliation from criminal spam syndicates " ) and operate at Star Chambers who convict their targets in secrecy , without the right of appeal or the ability to confront your accuser .
Allegations abound that blacklisters have targeted their critics and stuck them in the black holes merely for criticising them , and not because of any spam .
Blocking open servers
Email servers used to to be set up to accept and deliver mail for anyone : all you needed to do to send an email was to contact any known email server and ask it to forward your message for you .
This made email sending incredibly easy to set up and run – if your local mailserver croaked , you could just switch to another one .
But these servers were
also juicy targets for spammers who abused their hospitality to send millions of spams .
A combination of blacklisting and social pressure have all but killed the open server in the wild .
Unintended consequence :
It 's infinitely harder to send legitimate email , as anyone who has ever logged into a hotel or institutional network and discovered that you can't reach your mailserver any more can attest .
And still the spam rolls in : legitimate users lack the motivation and capacity to learn to send mail in a block - ridden environment , whereas spammers have the motivation and capacity in spades .
There have been other failures in the field , and a few successes ( my daily spam influx dropped from more than 20,000 to a few hundred when my sysadmin switched on something called greylisting ) .
But these three failures are particularly instructive because they represent the main strategic objectives of the entertainment industry 's copyright enforcement plans .
Every legislative and normative proposal recapitulates the worst mistakes of the spamfight : from Viacom 's demand that Google automatically detect copyright - infringing videos while they 're being uploaded ; to the three - accusations - and - you 're - offline proposal from the BPI ; to the notion in the G8's Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement of turning copyright holders into judge , jury and executioner for what content can travel online and who can see it .
The Spam Wars have shown us that great intentions and powerful weapons can have terrible outcomes – outcomes where the innocent are inconvenienced and the guilty merely evolve into more resistant , more deadly organisms .
Back in 2007 , I created a rhyming engine based on the public domain Moby pronouncing dictionary .
It simply reads the dictionary and looks for rhyming words by comparing the suffix of the words ' pronunciations .
Since that time , I have made some improvements .
Using a comnbiation of techniques from artificial intelligence , math , and linguistics , the rhyming engine can now figure out how to say any word that you enter .
That means if you enter a word that is not in the dictionary , it will still be able to find some rhymes .
Rather than looking for technically perfect rhymes , it suggests words that would sound good together in song or poetry .
For example , we sometimes ignore consonants , as suggested by this 1985 paper .
That way , fervently will rhyme with urgently despite the v/g mismatch .
There is a legal advantage to this technique as well .
Many of the standard word lists used by natural language processing researchers include words from an old edition of the Oxford dictionary , and so cannot be used for " commercial purposes " .
That 's why both Rhymezone and Write Express have a relatively limited dictionary size .
My rhyming engine can sidestep this issue , since it only needs to be seeded with a small number of words from unrestricted sources , and it can then import words in bulk , and guess the pronunciations without using any restricted content .
I could n't resist doing some premature optimization .
It uses one of my favourite data structures -- the trie .
The program starts , reads the entire 260,000 word database , and completes in 60 ms on my netbook web server .
It takes about 8 MB of memory .
I guess that equates to about 0.48 mega - byteseconds per request .
Why is this hard ?
Further reading
Text to speech for English is still a hard problem to solve , and it is an active area of research .
Consider the words rough , through , bough , thought , dough , cough , or photOgraph , photOgraphy , or physics , lymphatic , and loophole .
In the 80's , and still today in many cases , text to speech is done by hiring specially trained linguists to develop the thousands of rules necessary to create pronunciations .
It is only in the last 10 years or so that this task has been automated .
My system has over 200,000 hints on how to interpret each part of a word given its context .
With further refinements , this could probably be reduced to tens of thousands , which is still a lot .
The Corvette ZR1 ’s supercharged 6.2 - liter V8 is now available as a crate engine .
To showcase its latest crate engines at SEMA 2018 , General Motors brought a classic 1973 Chevelle Laguna equipped with Chevrolet ’s most powerful production engine ever .
The LT5 6.2 - liter V8 — a highlight of the mighty Corvette ZR1 — pumps out 755 horsepower and 715 pound - feet of torque , seemingly too much power for any vintage car to handle , but not this one .
Designers gave the high - octane Chevelle a new hood inspired by the ZR1 ’s carbon fiber hood , new front and rear spoilers that pay homage to NASCAR racers of the ’ 70s , a modified suspension , and 18 - inch wheels .
GM also showed off a classic 1967 Chevy C/10 pickup with the all - new ZZ6 EFI 5.7 - liter V8 crate engine and a 1978 Silverado ( K10 ) with the L96 6.0 - liter V8 crate engine .
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan ( CNN ) --
Six people were killed in Pakistan on Saturday when Muslim demonstrators set fire to houses in a Christian enclave and fighting broke out , local police said .
Pakistani human rights activists in Lahore protest on Saturday the anti-Christian violence in Gojra village .
Police said Muslims were enraged over an alleged desecration of pages in the Quran at a Christian wedding last Saturday , and held a rally to protest .
The Quran is the Muslim sacred text .
The Muslims went to the Christian community in Gojra City , 160 kilometers ( 100 miles ) southwest of Lahore , and burned 40 to 50 houses .
Muslims and Christians exchanged gunfire .
Police said efforts to settle the concerns with dialogue so far have failed .
On Thursday , 15 Christian houses in the region were also torched .
Pakistan is predominantly Muslim but has a small Christian community .
Meanwhile , police in Islamabad reported Friday that an al Qaeda member thought to be involved in several attacks was arrested .
Bin Yamin , a senior police official in Islamabad , identified the suspect as Rao Shakir Ali .
Police believe he was involved in strikes on targets such as the Danish Embassy , a rally of Chief Justice Iftikhar Chauhdary , police , and a hotel .
The suspect is a resident of Sargodha , which is 165 kilometers ( about 100 miles ) northwest of Lahore and has a house in Rawalpindi that has been used to facilitate insurgent acts , police said .
Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .
It comes as no surprise that a rightwing Republican would want to take away a poor woman 's right to choose .
And it 's certainly not surprising that he would apply his " financial incentive ... to have an abortion " argument exclusively to African Americans , specifically the President of the United States :
... if you think of it in human terms , there is a financial incentive that will be put in place , paid for by tax dollars , that will encourage women who are single parents , living below the poverty level , to have the opportunity for a free abortion .
If you take that scenario and apply it to many of the great minds we have today , who would we have been deprived of ?
Our president grew up in those similar circumstances .
If that financial incentive was in place , is it possible that his mother may have taken advantage of it ?
But for House Republicans to highlight that racist argument on their official website ... well , let 's face it -- that 's not a surprise either .
A little more than a decade ago , William Brennan foresaw the financial collapse of 2008 .
As director of the Home Defense Program at the Atlanta Legal Aid Society , he watched as subprime lenders earned enormous profits making mortgages to people who clearly could n’t afford them .
The loans were bad for borrowers — Brennan knew that .
He also knew the loans were bad for the Wall Street investors buying up these shaky mortgages by the thousands .
And he spoke up about his fears .
“ I think this house of cards may tumble some day , and it will mean great losses for the investors who own stock in those companies , ” he told members of the Senate Special Committee on Aging in 1998 .
It turns out that Brennan did n’t know how right he was .
Not only did those loans bankrupt investors , they nearly took down the entire global banking system .
Washington was warned as long as a decade ago by bank regulators , consumer advocates , and a handful of lawmakers that these high - cost loans represented a systemic risk to the economy , yet Congress , the White House , and the Federal Reserve all dithered while the subprime disaster spread .
Long forgotten
Congressional hearings and oversight reports , as well as interviews with former officials , reveal a troubling history of missed opportunities , thwarted regulations , and lack of oversight .
What ’s more , most of the lending practices that led to the disaster are still entirely legal .
Growth of an Industry
Congress paved the way for the creation of the subprime lending industry in the 1980s with two obscure but significant banking laws , both sponsored by Fernand St. Germain , a fourteen - term Democratic representative from Rhode Island .
Some 2.26 million people may lose their homes to foreclosure in the next two years due to subprime lending , says a recent report by the Pew Charitable Trusts .
The Depository Institutions Deregulation and Monetary Control Act of 1980 was enthusiastically endorsed by then - President Jimmy Carter .
The act , passed in a time of high inflation and declining savings , made significant changes to the financial system and included a clause effectively barring states from limiting mortgage interest rates .
As the subprime lending industry took off 20 years later , the act allowed lenders to charge 20 , 40 , even 60 percent interest on mortgages .
The other key piece of legislation was the Alternative Mortgage Transaction Parity Act , passed in 1982 .
The act made it possible for lenders to offer exotic mortgages , rather than the plain - vanilla 30 - year , fixed - rate loan that had been offered for decades .
With the passage of the Parity Act , a slew of new mortgage products was born : adjustable - rate mortgages , mortgages with balloon payments , interest - only mortgages , and so - called option - ARM loans .
In the midst of a severe recession , these new financial products were seen as innovative ways to get loans to borrowers who might not qualify for a traditional mortgage .
Two decades later , in a time of free - flowing credit , the alternative mortgages became all too common .
The Parity Act also allowed federal regulators at the Office of Thrift Supervision and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency to set guidelines for the lenders they regulate , preempting state banking laws .
In the late 1990s , lenders began using the law to circumvent state bans on mortgage prepayment penalties and other consumer protections .
In the late 1980s and early 1990s , subprime loans were a relatively small portion of the overall lending market .
Subprime loans carry higher interest rates and fees , and were supposed to be for people whose bad credit scores prevented them from getting a standard — or prime — loan .
Consumer advocates at the time were mostly concerned about reports of predatory practices , with borrowers getting gouged by high rates and onerous fees .
Congress responded in 1994 with passage of the Home Ownership and Equity Protection Act , or HOEPA .
The act , written by former Representative Joseph P. Kennedy , a Democrat from Massachusetts , created restrictions on “ high - cost ” loans , which were defined as having an interest rate that was more than 10 percentage points above rates for comparable Treasury securities .
If points and fees totaled more than 8 percent of the loan amount , or $ 400 , whichever was higher , the loan was also considered high cost .
High - cost loans were still legal , but contained some restrictions .
Prepayment penalties and balloon payments before five years were banned or restricted .
Also prohibited was negative amortization , a loan structure in which the principal actually grows over the course of the mortgage , because the monthly payments are less than the interest owed .
But the bill did not include a ban on credit insurance — an expensive and often unnecessary insurance product packed into loans , creating substantial up - front costs .
Nor did it ban loan flipping , in which a borrower ’s loan is refinanced over and over again , stripping equity through closing costs and fees .
At the time of HOEPA ’s passage , the subprime lending industry had two main elements : small , regional lenders and finance companies .
The regional lenders specialized in refinancing loans , charging interest rates between 18 and 24 percent , said Kathleen Keest , a former assistant attorney general in Iowa who is now an attorney with the Center for Responsible Lending , a fair lending advocacy organization .
HOEPA sought to eliminate the abusive practices of the regional lenders without limiting the lending of the finance companies — companies like Household , Beneficial , and the Associates — viewed then as the legitimate face of subprime , Keest said .
HOEPA did largely succeed in eliminating the regional lenders .
But the law did n’t stop subprime lending ’s rapid growth .
From 1994 to 2005 , the market ballooned from $ 35 billion to $ 665 billion , according to a 2006 report from the Center for Responsible Lending , using industry data .
In 1998 , the CRL report said , subprime mortgages were 10 percent of all mortgages .
By 2006 , they made up 23 percent of the market .
The loans themselves also changed during the 2000s .
Adjustable - rate mortgages , which generally begin at a low fixed introductory rate and then climb to a much higher variable rate , gained market share .
And over time , the underwriting criteria changed , with lenders at times making loans based solely on the borrower ’s “ stated income ” — what the borrower said he earned .
A 2007 report from Credit Suisse found that roughly 50 percent of all subprime borrowers in 2005 and 2006 — the peak of the market — provided little or no documentation of their income .
As the subprime lending industry grew , and accounts of abusive practices mounted , advocates , borrowers , lawyers , and even some lenders clamored for a legislative or regulatory response to what was emerging as a crisis .
Local legal services workers saw early on that high - cost loans were creating problems for their clients , leading to waves of foreclosures in cities like Brooklyn , Philadelphia , and Atlanta .
Wall Street Changes Dynamic
Subprime loans were n’t designed to fail .
But the lenders did n’t care whether they failed or not .
Unlike traditional mortgage lenders , who make their money as borrowers repay the loan , many subprime lenders made their money up front , thanks to closing costs and brokers fees that could total over $ 10,000 .
If the borrower defaulted on the loan down the line , the lender had already made thousands of dollars on the deal .
And increasingly , lenders were selling their loans to Wall Street , so they would n’t be left holding the deed in the event of a foreclosure .
In a financial version of hot potato , they could make bad loans and just pass them along ,
In 1998 , the amount of subprime loans reached $ 150 billion , up from $ 20 billion just five years earlier .
Wall Street had become a major player , issuing $ 83 billion in securities backed by subprime mortgages in 1998 , up from $ 11 billion in 1994 , according to the Department of Housing and Urban Development .
By 2006 , more than $ 1 trillion in subprime loans had been made , with $ 814 billion in securities issued .
Among those sounding an early alarm was Jodie Bernstein , director of the Bureau of Consumer Protection at the Federal Trade Commission from 1995 to 2001 .
She remembers being particularly concerned about Wall Street ’s role , thinking “ this is outrageous , that they ’re bundling these things up and then nobody has any responsibility for them .
They ’re just passing them on . ”
The FTC knew there were widespread problems in the subprime lending arena and had taken several high - profile enforcement actions against abusive lenders , resulting in multi-million dollar settlements .
But the agency had no jurisdiction over banks or the secondary market .
“ I was quite outspoken about it , but I did n’t have a lot of clout , ” Bernstein recalled .
Speaking before the Senate Special Committee on Aging in 1998 , Bernstein noted with unease the big profits and rapid growth of the secondary mortgage market .
She was asked whether the securitization and sale of subprime loans was facilitating abusive , unaffordable lending .
Bernstein replied that the high profits on mortgage backed securities were leading Wall Street to tolerate questionable lending practices .
Asked what she would do if she were senator for a day and could pass any law , Bernstein said that she would make players in the secondary market — the Wall Street firms bundling and selling the subprime loans , and the investors who bought them — responsible for the predatory practices of the original lenders .
That did n’t happen .
Instead , over the next six or seven years , demand from Wall Street fueled a rapid decline in underwriting standards , according to Keest of the Center for Responsible Lending .
Once the credit - worthy borrowers were tapped out , she said , lenders began making loans with little or no documentation of borrowers ’ income .
“ If you ’ve got your choice between a good loan and a bad loan , you ’re going to make the good loan , ” Keest said .
“ But if you ’ve got your choice between a bad loan and no loan , you ’re going to make the bad loan . ”
If the loan was bad , it did n’t matter — the loans were being passed along to Wall Street , and at any rate , the securitization process spread the risk around .
Or so investors thought .
Signs of a Bigger Problem
Even as subprime lending took off , the trend in Congress was to approach any issues with the new mortgages as simple fraud rather than a larger risk to the banking industry .
“ In the late 1990s , the problem was looked at exclusively in the context of borrower or consumer fraud , not systemic danger , ” recalls former Representative Jim Leach , a Republican from Iowa .
Leach served as chair of the House Banking and Financial Services Committee from 1995 through 2000 .
Some on Capitol Hill tried to address the problems in the subprime market .
In 1998 , Democratic Senator **** Durbin of Illinois tried to strengthen protections for borrowers with high cost loans .
Durbin introduced an amendment to a major consumer bankruptcy bill that would have kept lenders who violated HOEPA from collecting on mortgage loans to bankrupt borrowers .
The amendment survived until House and Senate Republicans met to hammer out the final version of the legislation , under the leadership of Senator Charles Grassley , the Iowa Republican who was the principal Senate sponsor of the bankruptcy bill .
The predatory lending clause , along with other consumer protections , disappeared .
( Staffers for Sen .
Grassley at the time say they do n’t remember the amendment . )
Faced with opposition from Durbin as well as President Clinton , the new version of the bill was never brought to a vote .
More calls for action surfaced in 1999 , when the General Accounting Office ( now the Government Accountability Office ) issued a report calling on the Federal Reserve to step up its fair lending oversight .
Consumer groups , meanwhile , were raising concerns that mortgage companies owned by mainstream banks — so - called non -bank mortgage subsidiaries — were making abusive subprime loans , but these subsidiaries were not subject to oversight by the Federal Reserve .
In fact , the Federal Reserve in 1998 had formally adopted a policy of not conducting compliance examinations of non-bank subsidiaries .
The GAO report recommended that the Federal Reserve reverse course and monitor the subsidiaries ’ lending activity .
The Fed disagreed , saying that since mortgage companies not affiliated with banks were not subject to examinations by the Federal Reserve , examinations of subsidiaries would “ raise questions about ‘ evenhandedness . ’ ”
According to GAO , the Federal Reserve Board of Governors also said that “ routine examinations of the nonbank subsidiaries would be costly . ”
In 2000 , Congress revisited the subprime issue .
Again , the concern was more about predatory lending practices than systemic risk .
But , as in 1998 , there were warnings about larger problems .
Ellen Seidman , director of the Office of Thrift Supervision , testified that predatory lending was an issue of serious concern to the OTS in part because it raised major safety and soundness concerns for banks .
Seidman , speaking before the House Banking and Financial Services Committee in May 2000 , said investors needed more education about mortgage - backed securities , because “ predatory loans are not good business , not simply because they are unethical , but because they can damage reputations and hurt stock prices . ”
Cathy Lesser Mansfield , a law professor at Drake University , presented the House committee with specific and alarming data on the interest rates and foreclosure rates of subprime loans nationwide .
“ Probably the scariest data for me personally , ” Mansfield testified , “ was a single pool foreclosure rate . ”
Mansfield had looked at the foreclosure rate for one pool of loans that had been bundled and sold on Wall Street .
About a year and a half after the pool was created , almost 28 percent of the loans were in delinquency or foreclosure , she said .
“ That means in that single pool , if that is symbolic for the industry , that means there might be a one in four chance of a borrower losing their home to a lender , ” she told the committee .
Representative Ken Bentsen , a Democrat from Texas , found the high default rates worrying , particularly because the nation was enjoying a healthy economy .
“ I think you could argue that , assuming we have not repealed the business cycle and there is a downturn at some point , ” he said , “ you could experience even astronomical default rates …
That would spill over into other sectors of the economy , both in deflating the real estate market , as well as impact the safety and soundness of the banking system . ”
Unimpressed Regulators
While acknowledging the safety and soundness concerns , banking regulators expressed only lukewarm support for new legislation to bar predatory practices .
They suggested , instead , that the problem could be addressed through stepped up enforcement of existing laws and industry self - regulation .
Representatives from the lending industry said they were troubled by reports of predatory practices .
But they , too , opposed new legislation , arguing that new laws would cut off credit to impoverished communities .
The abuses were the actions of a few “ bad actors , ” said Neill Fendly , speaking on behalf of the National Association of Mortgage Brokers at the 2000 House hearing .
Still , concern was substantial enough to prompt the introduction of new legislation in early 2000 — not one , but two competing bills , from Representatives John LaFalce , a Democrat from New York , and Robert Ney , a Republican from Ohio .
LaFalce ’s bill proposed to fill in what he called “ gaps in HOEPA . ”
It would have lowered the interest rate and fee thresholds for HOEPA protections to kick in , and restricted loan flipping and equity stripping .
The bill would also have barred lenders from making loans without regard for the borrower ’s ability to repay the debt .
Ney — who years later would plead guilty to conspiracy charges in connection with the Jack Abramoff lobbying scandal and spend 17 months in federal prison — pushed a “ narrowly crafted ” solution to problems in the subprime lending market , calling abusive mortgage lending practices “ rare . ”
Ney ’s bill would have provided some restrictions on subprime lending by strengthening some of the thresholds under HOEPA , but would have also taken away the power of individual states to enact tougher restrictions .
While the chances of Democratic - backed , pro-consumer legislation passing in the Republican Congress seemed slim , forces from the mortgage banking and brokerage industries were taking no chances , ramping up their political contributions to federal candidates and national parties .
After having given $ 4.2 million in contributions in the 1998 election cycle , industry contributions doubled for the 2000 campaign to more than $ 8.4 million , according to data from the Center for Responsive Politics .
Those contributions would balloon to $ 12.6 million in 2002 .
A coalition of subprime lenders sprang into action to fight LaFalce ’s bill and other attempts to impose tough restrictions .
The tougher LaFalce proposal had the support of Leach , the powerful Republican chairman of the House banking committee .
But even with Leach ’s approval , the bill went nowhere in a Congress run by conservative Republicans .
Increased regulation , recalled Bentsen , “ was against what they [ the Republican House leadership ] believed in . ”
With that political reality as backdrop , neither LaFalce ’s bill nor any other lending reform proposal came up for a vote in committee .
While chairman of the Senate Banking Committee , former Democratic Senator Paul Sarbanes of Maryland introduced a bill to curb abusive high - cost lending , but the measure never received a committee vote .
Two years later , Democrat Paul Sarbanes of Maryland , then chairman of the Senate Committee on Banking , Housing , and Urban Affairs , introduced another bill to curb abusive high - cost lending .
The bill failed to attract a single Republican co-sponsor , and , like the LaFalce bill , never saw a committee vote .
Wright Andrews , a leading lobbyist for the subprime industry , said that the LaFalce and Sarbanes proposals in this period were “ never really in play . ”
The bills were introduced , but no one was seriously pushing for them , he explained .
“ The industry could and would have blocked [ those proposals ] , but we did n’t really have to . ”
States Act —
And Get Shut Down
In the absence of new federal legislation , efforts to combat predatory lending were moving at the state level .
North Carolina had passed the first state law targeting predatory loans in 1999 , and consumer advocates were pushing state laws from Massachusetts to California .
The North Carolina law barred three common provisions of predatory loans : loan flipping , prepayment penalties , and the financing of up front , “ single - premium ” credit insurance .
In essence , the law sought to eliminate incentives for making unaffordable loans .
With lenders unable to strip equity through high up - front charges , and unable to churn loans through flipping , they would have to make money the old - fashioned way , through borrowers ’ monthly payments .
Two men working at the state level were in attendance at the 2000 House hearing : Andrew Celli , with the New York state Attorney General ’s office , and Thomas Curry , the Massachusetts banking commissioner .
The state officials told the House committee that they were forced to push consumer protection in their states because the federal regulators were not doing enough to protect borrowers , and HOEPA was ineffective .
The threshold for high cost loans to trigger HOEPA ’s protections was an interest rate 10 percent above comparable Treasury securities .
But “ as important as this prohibition is , its powers in real world relevance are diminishing , ” Celli said .
Lenders were evading HOEPA , and the consumer protections it afforded , by making loans just under the law ’s definition of a high - cost loan .
In response , many state laws set the trigger lower , at five percent , affording consumer protections to a broader swath of borrowers .
But the efforts at the state level soon came to naught .
The wave of anti-predatory lending laws was preempted by federal banking regulators , particularly by the Office of Thrift Supervision and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency .
OCC and OTS had effectively told the institutions they regulated that they did not , in fact , have to comply with state banking laws , thanks to the agencies ’ interpretations of the Parity Act .
The federal preemption of the state laws meant hard - won consumer protections were largely moot .
With state regulation stymied and federal regulation lax , the boom in subprime mortgages continued .
And so did the warnings .
In 2001 , Congress heard yet again about the potentially devastating impact of subprime lending , at a hearing before the Senate Banking Committee .
In Philadelphia , subprime loans were devastating entire communities , Irv Ackelsberg , an attorney with Community Legal Services , told the committee .
“ I believe that predatory lending is the housing finance equivalent of the crack cocaine crisis .
It is poison sucking the life out of our communities .
And it is hard to fight because people are making so much money . ”
In July 2001 , Congress was again warned about the risks of the subprime mortgage market , this time in a hearing before the Senate Banking Committee .
Click to watch the full hearing on CSPAN .
“ There is a veritable gold rush going on in our neighborhoods and the gold that is being mined is home equity , ” Ackelsberg added .
And like William Brennan and Jodie Bernstein in 1998 , and Cathy Mansfield , Ellen Seidman , and Ken Bentsen in 2000 , Ackelsberg warned that bad subprime loans could hurt not just homeowners , but the broader economy .
The ultimate consumers of the high - cost loans , he told the committee , were not individual borrowers , taking out loans they could n’t pay back .
“ The ultimate consumer is my retirement fund , your retirement fund , ” he said .
The Laissez - Faire Fed
Congressional inaction did n’t have to leave borrowers unprotected , say experts .
The Federal Reserve could have moved at any time to rein in subprime lending through the Home Ownership and Equity Protection Act .
Under the original 1994 law , the Federal Reserve was given the authority to change HOEPA ’s interest rate and fees that would trigger action under the act , as well as to prohibit certain specific acts or practices .
“ Clearly , the Fed should have done something on the HOEPA regs , ” said Seidman , the former OTS director .
“ I think there is little doubt . ”
The Fed ’s reluctance to change the law , Seidman said , reflected the philosophy of the Federal Reserve Chairman , Alan Greenspan , who “ was adamant that additional consumer regulation was something he had absolutely no interest in . ”
Jodie Bernstein , who had tackled abusive lenders at the Federal Trade Commission , agreed .
Greenspan , she said , was “ a ‘ market ’s going to take care of it all ’ kind of guy . ”
Consumer advocates had pushed for lower HOEPA triggers since the law ’s passage , hoping to include more loans under the law ’s protections .
But one problem with changing the law was that no one seemed to agree on how well it was working .
In 2000 , the Federal Reserve acknowledged that it did not even know how many home - equity loans were covered by HOEPA — the main federal law preventing abuses in high - cost lending .
Three government agencies said that the law was protecting staggeringly few borrowers .
A joint report from the departments of Treasury and Housing and Urban Development , released in June 2000 , found that during a sample six - month period in 1999 , less than one percent of subprime loans had an interest rate exceeding the HOEPA trigger .
The Office of Thrift Supervision estimated that based on interest rates , the law was capturing approximately one percent of subprime loans .
The American Financial Services Association , a lenders ’ trade association , had very different numbers .
George Wallace , the general counsel of AFSA , told the Senate in 2001 that according to an AFSA study , HOEPA was capturing 12.4 percent of first mortgages and 49.6 percent of second mortgages .
After a series of national hearings on predatory lending , the Fed made modest changes to HOEPA ’s interest rate trigger in 2001 .
The late Ed Gramlich , a governor on the Federal Reserve Board and early critic of the subprime industry , said that in setting the new triggers the Board was “ heavily influenced ” by survey data provided by the lending industry — data showing that a significant percentage of mortgages were in fact just below the triggers .
The 2001 changes to HOEPA set the threshold for what constituted a high - cost first mortgage loan at 8 percent above comparable Treasury securities , down from 10 percent , but for second mortgages it was left unchanged .
The Fed also added credit insurance to the law ’s definitions of points and fees , meaning that lenders could no longer pack expensive insurance into loans and still evade HOEPA ’s triggers .
For the first time , lenders making a high - cost loan had to document a borrower ’s ability to repay the loan .
The Fed also barred high - cost lenders from refinancing mortgages they made within a year .
But Margot Saunders , of the National Consumer Law Center , said the 2001 changes had little impact .
Lenders simply undercut the law ’s new , lower triggers , she said , continuing to make loans at just below the thresholds .
Advocates said another provision , designed to stop loan flipping , also did little , because lenders could simply flip borrowers into a new loan on the 366th day , or a new lender could flip the loan at any time .
William Brennan , who is still at the Atlanta Legal Aid Society , said the Fed ’s failure to act more forcefully on HOEPA was a key missed opportunity .
“ That bill had potential to put a stop to all this , ” he said .
“ That one bill in my opinion would have stopped this subprime mortgage meltdown crisis . ”
Before Congress last year , former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan admitted he was in “ a state of shocked disbelief ” that lenders had failed to regulate themselves .
Former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan declined to be interviewed for this story , but his recent congressional testimony gives some insight into his perspective on the meltdown and its origins .
In October 2008 , Greenspan appeared before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform to answer questions about the financial crisis and his tenure at the Fed .
In his testimony , Greenspan wrote that subprime mortgages were “ undeniably the original source of [ the ] crisis , ” and blamed excess demand from securitizers for the explosive growth of subprime lending .
Greenspan also acknowledged that after forty years , he had “ found a flaw ” in his ideology .
“ Those of us who have looked to the self - interest of lending institutions to protect shareholder ’s equity , myself especially , are in a state of shocked disbelief , ” he said .
In other words , in this case , the market proved unable to regulate itself .
The Aftermath
Eight years after the Fed failed to step in , skyrocketing foreclosure rates have wrecked the banking industry , requiring a $ 700 billion bank bailout .
Investors that bought mortgage - backed securities , including many retirement funds , have lost untold billions .
One in 33 homeowners in the United States , 2.26 million people , may lose their homes to foreclosure in the next two years — a staggering foreclosure rate directly attributed to subprime mortgage loans made in 2005 and 2006 , according to a recent report from the Pew Charitable Trusts .
Had the legislative efforts to curb abusive practices in the high - cost lending market succeeded — at the state or federal level — those loans might never have been made .
But the proposals did n’t succeed , and many of the troubling mortgage provisions that contributed to the foreclosures are still legal today .
“ Prepayment penalties , yield spread premiums , flipping , packing , single premium credit insurance , binding mandatory arbitration — they ’re all still legal under federal law , ” said Brennan .
Some of those provisions are prohibited under July 2008 changes to HOEPA ’s implementing regulations , but lenders can still include them in loans below that law ’s thresholds .
A bill now moving through the House would change that .
The bill , sponsored by Democratic Representatives Brad Miller and Mel Watt , both of North Carolina , and Barney Frank of Massachusetts , includes a ban on yield - spread premiums — which reward brokers for steering borrowers into costly loans — and lending without regard for a borrower ’s ability to repay the mortgage .
The bill would also create what are known as “ assignee liability provisions , ” which would make mortgage securitizers more responsible for abuses in the original mortgages .
The bill was approved by the House Financial Services Committee on April 29 , and is expected to receive a vote on the House floor .
Rep. Barney Frank of Massachusetts , chairman of the House Committee on Financial Services , has co-sponsored new legislation that would further limit abusive lending practices .
Keest , of the Center for Responsible Lending , said such assignee liability provisions could have helped to avert the crisis .
The provisions would not just have given borrowers the ability to defend themselves from foreclosure , Keest said , but would have protected investors as well .
Several state laws included the assignee liability provisions , but were preempted by federal regulators .
If those provisions had stayed in the law , investors might have been more attentive to the questionable actions of lenders and brokers .
When investors are responsible for abuses in the loans they buy , Keest said , “ they have some skin in the game , ” and are more likely to closely scrutinize the loans in a securitized pool .
Investors might have noticed sooner that the subprime loans they were gobbling up were going bad , fast .
As it was , the demand for securities backed by subprime loans was insatiable .
“ The secondary market , it was Jabba the Hutt — ‘ feed me , feed me , ’ ” Keest said .
It was a “ two - demand market , ” she said , with borrowers seeking credit on one side , and investors clamoring for securities on the other .
Ira Rheingold , executive director of the National Association of Consumer Advocates , asserts that the financial industry ’s lobbying power shut down efforts to help consumers , both during the early 2000s and more recently , when advocates were pushing for foreclosure assistance in the bailout bill .
“ People were making lots of money , ” Rheingold said .
“ Congress was dependent upon their money . ”
The industry is , indeed , among the biggest political forces in Washington .
Between 1989 and 2008 , the financial services sector gave $ 2.2 billion in federal campaign contributions , according to the Center for Responsive Politics .
Since 1998 , the sector spent over $ 3.5 billion lobbying members of Congress — more than any other single sector , again according to the Center .
Meanwhile , Brennan worries about his city , which sees 4,000 to 7,000 foreclosures filed each month in the metropolitan area , concentrated in African - American communities .
“ Atlanta is a disaster , ” he said .
And the same might be said for the American economy .
Kat Aaron investigates for the Center for Public Integrity , from where this article was adapted .
Find more investigations at http://www.publicintegrity.org.
To : Hillary Clinton , Mitt Romney , Barack Obama , Rudy Giuliani , John Edwards , John McCain , et al .
cc : Newt Gingrich
Each of you will have to address health care , and with good reason .
The U.S. health - care system is expensive and uneven , in both quality and availability .
Medical spending is 16 % of the GDP , and that share is growing ; U.S. life expectancy is so - so ; and the ranks of the uninsured number 46 million and counting ( rapidly ) .
Your staff is probably working on a big , ambitious plan to fix health care .
Depending on whether you lean left or right , it 's either a universal health - care plan or a way to increase market influence throughout the health - care economy .
I have a best - of - all - worlds idea too .
In my system the government would cover preventive care and catastrophic health - related expenses .
The ordinary medical expenses would be left to individuals .
The reason I like this approach is that it has built - in incentives to support preventive care , and it would also protect people from financial ruin due to illness .
Yet for most situations , the power of the consumer economy would be allowed to do its magic .
The only problem with my plan - and yours - is that it 's too much .
Look at the history of health - care reform in our country .
Presidents have been putting forth plans for comprehensive health - care reform for 100 years .
That 's not a typo .
Woodrow Wilson proposed universal health care .
So did Harry Truman , Richard Nixon , and Bill Clinton ( see table ) .
None of them got there .
I believe none of you will either .
Society is simply resistant to fundamental change .
Dramatic departures can take place only in a crisis .
Example :
It took the Great Depression for our government to implement a safety net ( the New Deal ) .
It 's not that we have n't been making changes .
We 've been doing that all along .
It 's just that the successful reforms have n't been all - encompassing ; they 've improved the health - care system for some .
The Veterans Administration was formed in the '30s .
Medicare became law in the '60s .
Step by step , chunk by chunk , each of those events moved us forward .
This is what I suggest : Fix specific problems of the system .
Leave bigtime changes for later , after you 've demonstrated that you can solve more limited problems .
Until then , I propose that you commit to two - and only two - programs .
Fix the emergency - room emergency
Emergency rooms have become the de facto health - care system for millions .
The uninsured go there because they have nowhere else to go - by some estimates they account for a bit over half of all emergency - room visits .
The insured go there as well , when they feel that their needs cannot wait for an appointment during business hours .
The first step in fixing this mess is to establish minimum standards for all ERs .
A lot of work has already been done to specify methods of dealing with heart attacks , strokes , and other emergencies : Commit to these standards .
The same goes for acceptable patient waiting times :
Set the standard , and implement it .
How to pay for those upgrades ?
Levy a 1 % surtax on all health - care billings and use the proceeds as a fund for ERs that meet the rules .
Tell hospitals and medical centers that if they want to dip into this new 1 % fund , they have to put a lower - cost walk - in clinic under the same roof as the ER .
Demand further that the clinic be open 24/7 and staffed with primary - care professionals who can deal with asthma attacks , ear infections , and other nonemergencies on a cash basis .
Require a triage system that directs patients to either the ER or the clinic , using well - defined criteria .
Running the clinics could even be outsourced .
You can already find this kind of clinic in the corners of pharmacies and chain stores like CVS and Target .
Their offerings are still rudimentary - flu shots , standard screening tests , that sort of thing .
But their capabilities will expand over time .
Retailers have ambitious plans for this new line of business : Wal - Mart recently announced a target of 6,600 in - store clinics .
I think that company and others would jump at the opportunity to run clinics right next to ERs .
One more thing .
Mandate that to qualify for the 1 % fund , both the ER and the new clinic must use the Internet to provide a simple health - record system : a file of the stored images of faxed documents , retrievable by electronic locks ( a combination of passwords and security codes kept on a chip ) .
By doing so , you will allow patients to " carry " records of their treatment from the ER or clinic to a doctor near their home .
Unlike the task of harmonizing the many assorted electronic medical - record systems used in hospitals , this is a technically trivial job if you act now .
Keep parents at home
The cost of caring for the elderly is huge and will only grow as our population ages .
Of the $ 440,000 the average American spends on health care in his lifetime , $ 280,000 will be spent after age 65 .
Probably 50 % of that post - 65 outlay goes to assisted - living facilities and nursing homes .
So it stands to reason that if there were a way to keep elderly patients in their own homes longer - without degrading quality of care - we'd have a cheaper and better system .
And we can do just that using technology .
I 'm talking everyday , low - cost technology - the sensors , microchips , small radios you 'd find in today 's PCs , in cellphones , and in Bluetooth earpieces .
It 's not too difficult to use this stuff as monitoring tools .
Not to spy , but to detect trouble .
For example , did the patient go outside to get the newspaper or did she wander away ?
Has the patient taken his meds ?
The same technology that brings us HBO can watch over the patient and trigger human intervention when needed .
A critical step to make this happen is to have it blessed - and reimbursed - by the dominant health - care supplier to the aged , Medicare .
Candidates , I hope to see a phrase in your inauguration speech that starts like this : " I will have Medicare define specifications for electronic equipment that allows the average aging citizen to stay home two years longer than today . "
Can we afford all this ?
Let 's do the math .
In my estimation , the ER plan can be implemented for $ 20 billion per year , paid for with the 1 % surtax I suggest .
As for the elder - care plan , the savings achieved by keeping just 10 % of the aging population in their homes can amount to $ 30 billion a year .
So , yes , Mr. / Ms. Presidential Candidate , we can afford it .
Not making these reforms would be the same as burning $ 30 million a day at the local dump .
Commit to doing these two concrete things - now .
You will save money .
You will improve the lives of millions of citizens .
And you will demonstrate to yourself , and to all of us , that we are a country of doers .
That is worth the program by itself .
NEW YORK , July 22 ( UPI ) --
The New York Police Department said two people have been arrested for using a cherry - picker to steal nearly 20 percent of the city 's red light cameras .
Investigators said Anthony Cintorrino , 45 , and Tara LaBurt , 29 , used a pickup truck with a cherry - picker to steal the cameras between June 24 and the time of their arrests Sunday , the New York Post reported Wednesday .
Advertisement
Police said couple were arrested for allegedly selling an estimated $ 88,000 worth of parts from the cameras to a camera resale shop for $ 300 each to help finance their heroin addictions .
Cintorrino was being held on $ 8,000 bond Tuesday while LaBurt was being held on $ 3,000 bond .
" We replaced the stolen cameras within 48 hours of being detected , " a city Department of Transportation spokesman said .
" We visit each site daily , so we knew within a day when they were missing . "
Harvey Pekar is file clerk at the local VA hospital .
His interactions with his co-workers offer some relief from the monotony , and their discussions encompass everything from music to the decline of American culture to new flavors of jellybeans and life itself .
At home , Harvey fills his days with reading , writing and listening to jazz .
His apartment is filled with thousands of books and LPs , and he regularly scours Cleveland 's thrift stores and garage sales for more , savoring the rare joy of a 25 - cent find .
It is at one of these junk sales that Harvey meets Robert Crumb , a greeting card artist and music enthusiast .
When , years later , Crumb finds international success for his underground comics , the idea that comic books can be a valid art form for adults inspires Harvey to write his own brand of comic book .
An admirer of naturalist writers like Theodore Dreiser , Harvey makes his American Splendor a truthful , unsentimental record of his working - class life , a warts - and - all self portrait .
.. Written by Sujit R. Varma
Sample of urine .
Image : Wikipedia
( PhysOrg.com ) --
You do two things at motorway services : fill up one tank and empty another .
US chemists have combined refuelling your car and relieving yourself by creating a new catalyst that can extract hydrogen from urine .
Chemistry World reports that the catalyst could not only fuel the hydrogen - powered cars of the future , but could also help clean up municipal wastewater .
Gerardine Botte of Ohio University uses an electrolytic approach to produce hydrogen from urine - the most abundant waste on Earth - at a fraction of the cost of producing hydrogen from water .
Urine 's major constituent is urea , which incorporates four hydrogen atoms per molecule - importantly , less tightly bonded than the hydrogen atoms in water molecules .
Botte uses electrolysis to break the molecule apart , developing an inexpensive new nickel - based electrode to selectively and efficiently oxidise the urea .
To break the molecule down , a voltage of 0.37V needs to be applied across the cell - much less than the 1.23V needed to split water .
Her work is described in the Royal Society of Chemistry journal Chemical Communications .
“ During the electrochemical process the urea gets adsorbed on to the nickel electrode surface , which passes the electrons needed to break up the molecule , ” Botte told Chemistry World .
Botte believes the technology could be easily scaled - up to generate hydrogen while cleaning up the effluent from sewage plants .
“ We do not need to reinvent the wheel as there are already electrolysers being used in different applications . ”
More information : B K Boggs , R L King and G G Botte , Chem .
Commun. , 2009 , DOI : 10.1039/b905974a
Provided by Royal Society of Chemistry
The miracle teenage survivor of an air crash off the Comoros in the Indian Ocean has been telling authorities how she managed to survive .
Fourteen - year old Baya Bakari , who is half French and half Camoran , is the only passenger to have been found alive so far .
The Yemenia Airways plane with 153 people on board crashed in bad weather yesterday .
The French Minister of Cooperation and Francophonie , Alain Joyandet , said : “ The doctors have just told me she is doing well .
Of course she is very traumatised and affected pyschologically .
She ’s lost her mother .
Her father will arrive this afternoon .
France will do all it can to repatriate her to Paris as soon as possible , in accordance with medical advice . ”
The teenager has a broken collarbone and cuts .
She says she was ejected from the plane and awoke to find herself in the sea in the dark .
She clung on to a piece of debris for 12 hours before being rescued .
Olympic swimming champion Dawn Fraser says she fought off a young intruder who attacked her during a home invasion at her daughter 's house at Noosaville on Queensland 's Sunshine Coast .
The 72 - year - old says she was awoken by intruders on Friday night and went to investigate .
Ms Fraser told Channel Seven she was startled by a teenager who threatened her and she decided to take him on .
" Out came this guy who then grabbed me around the throat and said ' I will kill you ' , and with that I grabbed him around the ear and hair and kneed him in the groin , " she said .
" I was threatened by the way he spoke to me and I 'd never been spoken to like what he called me ... I think I lost it .
" I have got a titanium knee so it must have hurt him .
" [ I ] came up for a holiday and here I am being threatened with my life and all our security has been taken . "
Police have referred two youths to the Child Protection Unit over the incident .
Police say they are treating the investigation as a trespassing incident because no homes were broken into , nothing was stolen and no -one has made an assault complaint .
Sex scandals have rocked society since the pyramids .
Christine Garvin outlines 8 of the most scandalous over the last few millenia .
He ’s thinking about sex in the 1800 ’s / Photo
I had to chuckle when I came across a recent article in the San Francisco Chronicle that named the top 10 sex scandals in the history of the city .
San Fran , itself birthed from all of the scandal - prone bandits who found their way West , has had some doozies .
As the Chronicle reported :
San Francisco was one wild town in the mid-1800s when it lurched into prominence as a Gold Rush creation of loose pistols , loose wallets and loose women .
Brothels proliferated and illegal homosexuality was winked at .
Sex was n’t so much a hush - hush Victorian taboo as it was an open way of life .
But , alas , things have changed a bit , and now the city houses a class of people that have a few reasons to blush .
Relatively recent ones include the “ the cable car nymphomaniac ” who knocked her head while riding one of the street cars , which unleashed a sexual deviant .
She sued the transit system 5 years later , proclaiming the accident had caused her to take over 100 lovers because of her now insatiable need for lovin’ .
And of course , the city ’s current Mayor had an affair with his appointments secretary .
Probably would n’t have been that big a deal , but she was the wife of his best friend and campaign manager .
Oops .
And yeah , he was still re-elected , though with a different campaign manager , I assume .
I decided there are probably even more scandalous scandals out in the rest of the world over the past few 1000 or so years , and it was up to me to research this hard - to - handle subject area .
And boy , were there .
Here ’s a list of eight ones that stuck out above the others for one reason or another .
1. Queen Hottie
Cleopatra
Cleopatra .
She rocked it , first with Julius Caeser and then Mark Antony , causing both of their downfalls .
Hot mama ?
Go figure .
2. Lost Heads
Henry VIII .
Has anyone had more movies made and books written about him ( well , at least the Tudors ) ?
He became bored with a wife , or needed a new one for political purposes , and well , you know what happened ( to be fair , only two were beheaded ) .
Not sure I personally would have stepped up to the plate , say after number two …
3. Horsing Around
Catherine the Great .
Yeah , you ’ve heard the death rumors , maybe even in your 7th grade World History class .
A woman with a penchant for horses between her legs ( I ’m just talking about her love for riding horses astride ) , along with a healthy sexual appetite .
Did it lead to her death ?
This one is a rumor that according to Robert Wilde came about because “ her voracious sexual appetite – while modest by modern standards – meant that the rumours [ of her death ] had to be even wilder . ”
4. Brotherly Love
JFK – gets migraines without sex .
JFK .
Not sure where to begin with him , so I ’ll just focus on the whole pass - Marilyn - off - to - my - brother - when - I ’m - done situation .
Well , that about does it .
Ok , here ’s a bit more : in a short written history of the President , the author noted Kennedy once told a friend “ you know , I get a migraine headache if I do n’t get a strange piece of ass every day ” ( though one book claims it was Jack who had the problems in bed ) .
For a longer list of political scandals , check out Forbes ’ A World Of Sex Scandals or Time ’s Top 10 Political Sex Scandals .
5. Slick Willy
Bill Clinton .
Sorry , had to do it .
Although the ridiculousness of the focus on this one ( “ I did NOT have sexual relations with that woman ” ) made the US the laughing stock of the world , who did n’t ( other than Hillary ) wish we could go back to the days of Monica and the impeachment during Bush ’s tour de force ?
It ’s been said many times before and I ’ll say it again : When Clinton lied , nobody died .
Well , at least no one who was a part of the sex scandal .
6. Slicker Willie
Willlie Knuckles .
Have n’t heard of him ?
Well , he was the Chief of Staff in Liberia until February 2007 … until photographs of him fully nude with two women other than his wife surfaced in the papers .
He served under President Ellen Johnson - Sirleaf , a longtime campaigner for women ’s rights .
Although his behavior was not deemed “ illegal , ” the whole wife - and - kids package made it just a bit , well , immoral .
7. Teeny Bopper
Edison Chen , playboy no more ?
This list has to include some scandalous movie stars , considering the industry and scandal are one - in - the - same .
Edison Chen .
Hong Kong ’s movie star ( he was in the award winning The Grudge 2 , apparently )
Chen liked to use his status to have some sexy time with the ( younger ) ladies .
This included Gillian Chung , a teeny - bop pop star who ’s been in ads for Disneyland ; Cecilia Cheung and Bobo Chan , two other actresses ; and several other lesser stars , with some regular girls thrown in for good measure .
Though it might have been a light affair in say , the UK , when pictures of Chen and his lady friends hit the newspapers in Hong Kong in 2008 , the country was in an uproar .
Check out some “ edited ” pictures of the obviously virile Chen at Gawker.com .
8. Amateur Filmmaker
Hayden Kho .
A cosmetic surgeon in the Philippines recently rocked the devoutly Catholic country to its core .
Seems he enjoyed going beyond the friendly doctor - patient relationship into the steamy arena of sexual home - movie land .
With young actresses .
Four of them .
While in the US , these types of videos would guarantee unfounded fame and money been thrown at you for the next ten years for party appearances ( ok , sorry , I had to reference Paris .
I just HAD to ) , in the Philippines , it pretty much means these actresses ’ lives are over .
Now they ’re straight to DVD , as hawkers sell the videos on street corners of Manila .
When it comes to sex , it seems we never learn .
What other sex scandals should make the list ?
Share your thoughts below .
The latex fetish is one of the most widely used fetishes out there .
Do you have a latex fetish ?
Then you are exactly right on my website .
We give you important tips and tricks for your fetish .
Because a latex
Federal authorities and local police agencies today raided two Westside marijuana dispensaries as well as the residence of the owners .
The raids occurred at a facility on Washington Boulevard in Culver City and on Overland Avenue in Los Angeles .
Authorities recovered undisclosed items and are continuing their investigation , according to a Drug Enforcement Administration spokesman .
The names of the owners whose homes were searched were not immediately available .
During one of the raids , officers shot a dog believed to be a pit bull , but the circumstances of the shooting remain unclear , a law enforcement spokesman said .
The Drug Enforcement Administration , Federal Bureau of Investigation , Internal Revenue Service , Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department , Los Angeles Police Department , Torrance Police Department and Culver City Police Department took part in the raids .
Law enforcement agencies have been cracking down on pot dispensaries for some time , but officials did not immediately say what prompted these raids .
[ Update ]
Officials said they reported 200 plants , 100 pounds of marajuana , $ 100,000 cash and made one arrest .
The dog that was shot by authorities was treated by a vet and expected to make a full recovery .
-- Andrew Blankstein
Our ability to withstand stress - related , inflammatory diseases may be associated , not just with our race and sex , but with our personality as well , according to a study published in the July issue of the journal Brain , Behavior and Immunity .
Especially in aging women , low levels of the personality trait extraversion may signal that blood levels of a key inflammatory molecule have crossed over a threshold linked to a doubling of risk of death within five years .
An emerging area of medical science examines the mind - body connection , and how personality and stress contribute to disease in the aging body .
Long - term exposure to hormones released by the brains of people under stress , for instance , takes a toll on organs .
Like any injury , this brings a reaction from the body 's immune system , including the release of immune chemicals that trigger inflammation in an attempt to begin the healing process .
The same process goes too far as part of diseases from rheumatoid arthritis to Alzheimer 's disease to atherosclerosis , where inflammation contributes to clogged arteries , heart attacks and strokes .
The current study found that that extroverts , and in particular those high " dispositional activity " or engagement in life , have dramatically lower levels of the inflammatory chemical interleukin 6 ( IL - 6 ) .
Swiss psychiatrist Carl Jung defined extroverts as focused on the world around them and most happy when active and surrounded by people .
Introverts looked inward and were shy .
The definitions of extraversion and other personality traits were refined by American psychologist Gordon Allport beginning in the 1930s .
He reviewed all adjectives in the dictionary used to describe personality , and attempted to group them into clusters .
Over the next several decades , researchers statistically analyzed these dictionary terms and discovered that they tended to cluster into five general dimensions : extraversion vs. introversion , emotional stability vs. neuroticism , openness vs. closed - minded , agreeable vs. hostile , and conscientiousness vs. unreliability .
These dimensions , known as the " Five Factor Model " of personality , served to organize hundreds of specific traits like " activity " for psychologists , similar to the way the Periodic Table organizes elements for physicists .
" Our study took the important first step of finding a strong association between one part of extroversion and a specific , stress - related , inflammatory chemical , " said Benjamin Chapman , Ph.D. , assistant professor within the Rochester Center for Mind - Body Research ( RCMBR ) , part of the Department of Psychiatry at the University of Rochester Medical Center , and lead author of the study .
" The next step is to determine if one causes the other .
If we knew the direction and mechanism of causality , and it were low dispositional activity causing inflammation , we could design treatments to help high - risk patients become more engaged in life as a defense against disease . "
Some past studies had contended , and the current analysis agreed , that women and minorities have higher levels of IL - 6 than white males on average .
Women may be more vulnerable to stress because of hormonal differences and minorities because of factors like perceived racism , but those questions have yet to be fully answered .
While these trends exist , variations within these large groups are so great that further risk markers are needed to better determine any given patient 's actual risk .
The current study looked whether particular personality traits , including low extraversion , were associated with IL - 6 levels in a sample of 103 urban primary care patients aged 40 and older .
You Must Have Been a Calm Baby
According to landmark studies in the early 1990s , extraversion is a personality trait with three parts : a tendency toward happy thoughts , a desire to be around others and " dispositional energy , " a sense of innate vigor or active engagement with life ( " I 'm bursting with energy ; my life is fast - paced " ) .
Other dimensions of extraversion , such as sensation - seeking , have also been proposed .
While the first two extrovert qualities were not found to track with inflammation , the current study found increases in " dispositional activity " came with statistically significant decreases in IL - 6 ( p = .001 ) .
P values measure the weight that should be attributed to a finding , with values less than .05 usually deemed significant .
In the current study , a patient 's degree of extroversion was determined by standard tests , including the NEO Five - Factor Inventory , an instrument based on the Five Factor Model .
The study found that the difference between the 84th percentile of dispositional activity and the 16th translated roughly into a 1.29 picogram increase in IL - 6 per milliliter of blood .
Those findings took on meaning when comparisons revealed that , for both white and minority women , the difference between high and low dispositional energy was enough to shift IL - 6 levels above 3.19 pg/ml , the threshold established by a large , epidemiological study ( Harris et al. , 1999 ) over which five - year mortality risk was found to double .
" If this aspect of personality drives inflammation , dispositional energy and engagement with life may confer a survival advantage , " Chapman said .
" But we do n't know if low dispositional activity is causing inflammation , or inflammation is taking its toll on people by reducing these personality tendencies , so we must be cautious in our interpretation of this association . "
The findings recall an idea described as early as 1911 by French philosopher Henri Bergson that he called élan vitale or ' ' life force , " according to the authors .
This aspect of adult personality may be linked to childhood temperament as well .
Some babies are very relaxed , others active .
Activity level may reflect a fundamental , biologically - based energy reserve , although no one has explained the biochemistry behind it .
The team gauged the magnitude of IL - 6 associations for gender , race / ethnicity and personality by examining the degree to which each factor was associated with differences between people in IL - 6 .
Of the differences in inflammation found in the patient sample in levels of IL - 6 , about 9 percent of the difference was due to gender , 6 percent was due to dispositional activity levels and another 4 percent to race / ethnicity .
That a personality trait may contribute more to IL - 6 levels than race / ethnicity was " a great surprise . "
Along with Chapman and Jan Moynihan , Ph.D. , director of the RCMBR , Ayesha Khan , Mary Harper , James Walton , Paul Duberstein , Nancy Talbot and Jeffrey Lyness assisted in the study .
Doug Stockman and Kevin Fiscella from the departments of Family Medicine and Community and Preventive Medicine at the Medical Center made important contributions as well .
The work was supported by the General Clinical Research Center ( GCRC ) at the Medical Center and by the National Center for Research Resources , part of the National Institutes of Health .
While it may difficult for patients to change their nature , part of the solution may be physical exercise as a therapy .
The activity component of extraversion has been linked with exercise by past studies , as has daily physical activity with lower IL - 6 levels in the aging .
Still , the team is not convinced that exercise represents the whole answer .
" Beyond physical activity , some people seem to have this innate energy separate from exercise that makes them intrinsically involved in life , " Chapman said .
" It will be fascinating to investigate how we can increase this disposition toward engagement .
Potentially , you might apply techniques developed to treat depression like ' pleasurable event scheduling ' to patients with low dispositional energy , where you get people more involved in life by filling their time with things they enjoy as a therapy . "
###
WASHINGTON  The United States , long a laggard in international efforts to reduce global warming pollution , will arrive at the meeting of the world ’s major powers in Italy this week carrying a newly assertive message on the dangers of climate change and the steps needed to address it .
The European hosts of the Group of 8 summit meeting welcome the shift .
But the new stance also worries them , in part because they fear that the United States is working toward an independent deal with China outside the global negotiating framework .
President Obama has stated a commitment to addressing climate change .
That has been followed by the recent passage by the House of a landmark bill that , if also approved by the Senate , would begin to regulate heat - trapping gases .
Those moves have given the Europeans , as well as climate scientists and some environmental groups , hope that the United States will take a leadership role in global talks toward a new climate - change treaty .
Angela Merkel , the German chancellor , said during a visit to Washington in late June that she had detected a “ sea change ” in Washington ’s approach to climate change since Mr. Obama took office , raising the odds for a successful outcome to the treaty negotiations , to be held in Copenhagen in December .
Why it ’s smart to follow the 28/36 % rule
Maxing out your income to buy your dream house is a one - way ticket to financial trouble .
It ’s important to make sure you have enough room in your budget for emergencies and unexpected expenses , not to mention retirement savings .
To determine how much house you can afford , most financial advisers agree that people should spend no more than 28 percent of their gross monthly income on housing expenses and no more than 36 percent on total debt -- that includes housing as well as things like student loans , car expenses , and credit card payments .
The 28/36 percent rule is the tried - and - true home affordability rule that establishes a baseline for what you can afford to pay every month .
Example :
To calculate how much 28 percent of your income is simply multiply 28 by your monthly income .
If your monthly income is $ 6,000 , then multiply that by 28 .
6,000 x 28 = 168,000 .
Now , divide that total by 100 .
168,000 ÷ 100 = 1,680 .
Depending on where you live , your annual income could be more than enough to cover a mortgage or it could fall short .
Knowing what you can afford can help you take financially sound next steps .
The last thing you want to do is jump into a 30 - year home loan that ’s too expensive for your budget , even if you can find a lender willing to write the mortgage .
How to get the best interest rate
Snagging a low interest rate can save you tens of thousands of dollars over the life of your loan , so it makes sense to try to get the lowest rate .
Here are a few things borrowers can do to make their application attractive and low - rate worthy .
Lenders tend to give the lowest rates to people with the highest credit scores , lowest debt and substantial down payments .
→ Borrowers with FICO scores near or at 800 are in the best position to get the most competitive rate .
Credit Score
It ’s a good idea to get your credit in order before you apply for a mortgage .
First , check your credit report at one of the big three agencies , Equifax , Experian , and TransUnion .
You can get one free copy per agency per year ( go to annualcreditreport.com ) .
Carefully review your report and note any incorrect information as well as negative marks .
If you find mistakes on your report , be sure to alert the credit reporting agency immediately .
Be aware , you might have to prove that the claims are wrong by providing payment history or other evidence .
If it ’s a case of identity fraud , then you will have to file a fraud report with your local police department .
Debt - to - income ratio
Your debt - to - income ratio , or DTI , compares your monthly income to your monthly debt .
People with high debt relative to their income will have a higher DTI and vice versa .
This is an important number because it shows borrowers your bandwidth to assume more debt .
The higher your DTI , the harder it will be to get a mortgage , much less a good interest rate .
Many lenders wo n’t consider a borrower with a DTI above 43 percent .
For borrowers , it ’s a good idea to pay off as much existing debt as possible to qualify for a mortgage as well as to make room for a mortgage payment .
By paying off debt , you ’ll be in a better position to manage your monthly costs and open up resources in case you run into emergency expenses .
Monthly expenses are not counted in your DTI , only debt obligations .
So you do n’t have to include things utilities , gym memberships or health insurance .
Here 's how to figure out your DTI :
Add up your total monthly debt and divide it by your gross monthly income , which is how much you brought home before taxes and deductions .
Add up your monthly : $ 1200 ( rent ) + $ 200 ( car loan ) + $ 150 ( student loan ) + $ 85 ( credit card payments ) = TOTAL : $ 1,635 .
Now , divide your debt ( $ 1,635 ) by your gross monthly income ( $ 4,000 ) .
1,635 ÷ 4,000 = .40875 .
By rounding up , your DTI is 41 percent .
If you get rid of the $ 85 monthly credit card payment , for example , your DTI drops to 39 percent .
Down Payment
Bigger down payments can mean better mortgage rates because lenders are risking less money .
The loan - to - value ratio , or LTV , takes into account your down payment .
The bigger the down payment , the lower the LTV and the less risk the lender will assume .
If you do n’t have a large down payment , but are ready to buy you can always refinance into a lower rate later , provided market conditions are favorable .
If you decide to go this route , get your finances and credit score in tip - top shape now so you have a better shot at refinancing into a lower rate sooner .
The faster you can lock in a lower rate the faster you ’ll be able to shave off money from your monthly mortgage payments .
Of course , it ’s not always easy or practical to save up a large down payment .
There are many first - time homebuyer , government and needs - based down - payment assistance programs available for buyers with no or low down payments .
Be sure to check with your local government or talk to your lender about programs you are eligible for .
You can also visit our page about some of these programs , which include helpful contact information .
My love for you is like Mighty Putty
Strong and water resistant
A tear rolls down my cheek
Glistening like a toilet
Recently bathed in the stain - fighting power of OxiClean
Cant you see , my little Simoniz ?
Not even a Zorbeez could soak up all my love for you
I need you like a dusty hallway needs a Swiffer
Like an over - accessorized freak needs a Bedazzler
Darlin , you re my Ding King
Somehow , I cant rid myself of you
CLR is no match for our love
I wont fight it any longer
I long to caress you with my Gopher
You know my number
Pick up the FoneFree , call me .
Even the law of the land has never been able to stop Rebecca Gomperts .
The Dutch doctor has been a fervent pro-choice campaigner for more than 10 years , and in order to extend those rights to women who would otherwise be denied them , she hit on an ingenious plan : anchor a ship outside the territorial waters of " pro-life " countries , and distribute abortion pills to women who wanted them from there .
Since only Dutch law would apply to a Dutch ship in international waters , her opponents could do nothing to stop her .
The plan seemed watertight .
But now her work could be over .
A draconian change in the Dutch law looks set to force the " abortion boat " back to port .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Rebecca Gomperts has started a court action to challenge the new law , which she says represents " a growing tendency towards restriction and intolerance " in Dutch politics .
Dr Gomperts , 43 , has become both a global heroine and a global figure of hate since she announced in 1999 that she would use Dutch law and the international law of the sea to provide " floating abortions " to women in the Third World but also in anti-abortion European countries , such as Portugal , Malta and Ireland .
Although her original intention was to offer off - shore surgical abortions , her ship has , in fact , supplied only " abortion pills " to be used in the very early stages of pregnancy .
Previously , Dutch women could obtain abortion pills from their doctor and bring on a miscarriage at home in the first two weeks of pregnancy .
This is also legally possible in France and several other EU countries .
But under a law passed by the Dutch coalition government in May , the prescription and use of abortion pills has been limited to approved clinics .
" The change in the Dutch law means that women in other countries would no longer be protected and could be prosecuted if they came to our ship , " Dr Gomperts said yesterday .
" We do not want to take that risk .
We have suspended the voyages that we planned this year off the coasts of Nicaragua , Chile , Brazil and Argentina . "
Dr Gomperts insists however that the Women on Waves campaign is not over , despite the setback .
" We have started a legal challenge to the new Dutch law .
I am confident that we can have it overturned as an unfair restriction on the liberty of women .
If so , we will resume our voyages . "
For many years the Netherlands was the paragon of a liberal and permissive society , a model to some and a dire warning to others .
But recent years have seen a shift in the political consensus towards a more restrictive approach .
This has partly been driven by the rise in the crime rate and increasing drugs problems but there has also been a complex shift in the once stable pattern of Dutch politics .
Dr Gomperts says that she believes that the new abortion law was driven by party political or coalition pressures , rather than by a genuine change in the Dutch consensus .
For the past three years the Dutch government has been a hybrid coalition of large centre - right and centre - left parties and a small Christian party , the Christen Unie or Christian Union .
" There is a growing tendency towards restriction and intolerance since the Christian party came into government , " Dr Gomperts said .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Asked if she thought that pressure from other countries to stop the activities of Women on Waves may have influenced the new law , she said : " No . I do n't think it 's that .
I think this was all about internal Dutch politics . "
As a further sign of a shift in Dutch government attitudes , the country 's health inspectorate this week urged the state prosecution service to take action against Women on Waves for distributing abortion pills off the coast of Spain .
Dr Gomperts ' " abortion ship " visited the Spanish coast last October – before the new law was passed .
Women on Waves originally envisaged a whole fleet of abortion ships constantly cruising the world , offering surgical abortions by trained doctors .
A movable abortion surgery was constructed out of a ship 's container .
In fact , although the legend of a globe - trotting , clinical " abortion ship " persists , Women on Waves never carried out off - shore , surgical abortions .
" For various practical reasons , but also because the abortion pill proved to be a far more useful tool , we have never performed a single clinical abortion , " Dr Gomperts said .
Women on Waves , she said , was always partly a " symbolic struggle " – a way of drawing attention to the " calamitous " effect across the world of restrictive anti-abortion laws .
" Every year , 20 million women have illegal abortions .
Every year 70,000 women die as a result .
That is a death rate of one in every 300 abortions .
The death rate from the abortion pill , by contrast , is one in 500,000 , " she said .
" Our real strategy has been to publicise the existence of the abortion pill and , where possible , to provide it directly . "
Dr Gomperts used to be the ship 's doctor of the Greenpeace vessel Rainbow Warrior II .
It was during that vessel 's visits to Latin America , she says , that she first became aware of the suffering caused by unwanted pregnancies and illegal abortions in the developing world .
However , she claims that her greatest success was to change the abortion law in an EU country .
" The visits of our ship helped to start the campaign which led to a referendum decision to legalise abortion in Portugal in 2004 , " she said .
Dr Gomperts is also involved in another organisation , the Canadian - registered Women on Web , which makes abortion pills available by mail – sometimes for free – to women in countries where it is illegal .
A doctor asks 25 questions over the internet to check for counter - indications .
The pills are then sent in a plain envelope .
" For many women this is huge progress , " Dr Gomperts said .
" Women in countries where abortion is illegal live under tremendous stress .
They go to unreliable websites where they are offered fake pills .
There is also a [ Women on Web ] help desk where women can talk about their worries .
There are no taboos online ; there is no shame to talk . "
Right to life :
Where abortion is illegal
* Abortion is illegal , or severely restricted , in more than 120 countries , including many where sharia is enforced and some where Christian " pro-life " groups have seized the political initiative .
* European countries where abortion is illegal include Malta , where it has been banned since 1981 , and Ireland , where a referendum in 1983 upheld " the right of the unborn to life " .
* Nicaragua is among the countries where the abortion ban allows of no exceptions , even where a minor has become pregnant through rape or giving birth could result in the death of the mother .
* In parts of Nigeria under sharia , women who have aborted a pregnancy can be convicted of culpable homicide and sentenced to death .
On Monday morning we were given our first glimpse of Matt Smith in costume as the eleventh incarnation of the heroic Time Lord in Doctor Who .
The outfit has sparked plenty of debate , with the tweed jacket and bow tie resembling something a geriatric Physics teacher would wear to ' Parents Evening ' .
But given the outrage that initially greeted Christopher Eccleston 's leather jacket - and its subsequent popularity - we 're sure The Doctor 's wardrobe is in very capable hands .
Here 's a look at the Gallifreyan 's iconic costumes down the years ...
The First Doctor
William Hartnell 's Edwardian suit and walking stick ( very useful for fending off the Zarbi ) befitted an increasingly tired Time Lord heading towards a regeneration .
When the show first hit the airwaves in 1963 , the crazy fashions of that decade were starting to take hold and The Doctor 's outfit helped to position him as a man of history and mystery .
Interestingly enough , the original pilot episode saw him wear a contemporary garb , but this was wisely dropped for the broadcast version .
He was n't afraid of making slight wardrobe changes to adapt to his environment , as shown by the Wild West - style cowboy hat he wore in ' The Gunfighters ' .
The Second Doctor
The Time Lord 's change from a cantankerous grump to a cheerful ' cosmic hobo ' involved the character , now played by Patrick Troughton , adopting a less meticulous approach to his wardrobe .
The floppy mopped man wore a scruffy black jacket , crumpled blue shirt and a polka dot bow tie , with his top button often left undone to echo his deceptively casual approach .
The baggy trousers certainly came in handy for sprinting away from the likes of the Cybermen and Ice Warriors during their various encounters .
He also had a recorder handy to bang out a few tunes on , frequently while imprisoned .
The Third Doctor
Jon Pertwee 's dynamic , karate - chopping Third Doctor was decked out in very elegant attire .
Frilly shirts and bright orange , green and blue velvet jackets were perfect for a guy who savoured fine wines and drove a vintage car he called Bessie .
In line with his ' man of action ' status , bolstered by the addition of the ' Whomobile ' , he often donned a cloak and leather gloves !
It certainly helped him to stand out from all those UNIT soldiers he liked hanging around with .
The Fourth Doctor
Undoubtedly the most iconic Doctorish image of them all belonged to Tom Baker 's portrayal of The Doctor .
The floppy hat , long brown coat and multicoloured scarf added to Baker 's depiction of an enigmatic figure that often veered between the playful and the morose .
He was armed with a few eccentric accessories too , stocking his deep pockets with a yoyo and seemingly endless supply of jelly babies .
His scarf , which he claimed was knitted for him by Madame Nostradamus , occasionally helped his universe - saving endeavours such as when he used it as a lasso to throw an executioner off balance in ' The Masque Of Mandragora ' .
The hat was also great for impairing the vision of the odd Dalek too .
The Fifth Doctor
An inspirational blond man dressed in cricket clothing and defeating the old enemy while retaining a strong moralistic core .
No , not Freddie Flintoff .
It 's Peter Davison 's Doctor !
Comfortably the youngest Doctor on show , this less formal outfit suited his effervescent nature and his wearing of plimsolls paved the way for David Tennant 's costume .
The cricketing motif was n't just for show , as he displayed his fine abilities with both bat and ball in the story ' Black Orchid ' , although some trigger happy umpiring helped too !
Finally ,
The Fifth Doctor also had question marks on his lapels and wore a stick of celery which he claimed would turn purple if he was in the presence of certain gases .
The Sixth Doctor
Not The Doctor 's finest sartorial hour , but this multicoloured , garish outfit formed an interesting contrast with the dark and unstable Time Lord that emerged from a traumatic regeneration in ' The Caves Of Androzani ' .
Mind you , the Rupert The Bear - style trousers and panto coat did start to grate on the eyes after a while .
Then again , this was at a time in the mid-'80s when bright shell suits were all the rage .
The Sixth Doctor also had a nice set of cat pins on his lapel , although they perished after giving companion Peri a quick bunk - up ( over a wall ! ) in ' Revelation Of The Daleks ' .
The Seventh Doctor
Who needed intriguing scripts and an ambiguous portrayal to demonstrate that the character was taking on a more mysterious persona ?
All you had to do was look at the hordes of Question Marks emblazoned over his sweater and umbrella to take the hint .
The white outfit , complete with a Panama hat that he wore for the first two seasons , gave way to a more moody dark coat for the last season of his tenure .
At least that meant an extra action figure for the range .
The Seventh Doctor also carried one lethal weapon in his pockets - the spoons .
As soon as he whipped those out and started playing them it was time to hide behind the sofa .
The Eighth Doctor
Poor Paul McGann 's
Doctor only lasted for one television outing , but his costume was quintessentially British and allayed fears that even his wardrobe might be Americanised .
Stolen from the locker of a medical Doctor planning on heading to a fancy dress party as gunfighter Wild Bill Hickok , the dark frock coat and Edwardian - style cravat harked back to the earlier incarnations of The Doctor and went down a treat with fans .
The Ninth Doctor
After many years off our screens , Christopher Eccleston 's Doctor 's clothing epitomised the modernised and streamlined version of our beloved show .
Wearing a tight V - neck sweater under a black leather jacket , The Doctor blended in to the contemporary England he liked to spend time in .
No question marks were required , as the sharp writing and excellent central performance were all what was needed to reveal the character .
The Tenth Doctor
Just like his predecessor sparked a trend for buying leather jackets , David Tennant 's visual appeal in this role ensured that ' geek chic ' was at the forefront of fashion .
Bright Converse trainers enabled him to dash around the decks of various spacecrafts , while alternating between blue and brown pinstripe suits helped him to exude a knowledgeable and respectable demeanour that befits a guy heading towards a four - figure age .
He was quite fond of donning tuxedos , too , often using them to infiltrate various social functions like in ' The Lazarus Experiment ' and ' Rise Of The Cybermen ' .
> Click here for our look at The Doctor 's Regenerations
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
The Danish Green Card
June 16 , 2009
Denmark is one of the European Union 's most active members in trying to recruit skilled workers from around the world .
Denmark 's immigration policy , similar to the United Kingdom 's skilled immigration program , utilizes a points based system called the Danish Green Card to attract skilled workers from outside the EU .
In addition , Denmark has a work permit system called the Positive List scheme for people who have a valid job offer from a Danish employer .
The Danish Green Card scheme allows you to live and work in Denmark if you can score enough points based upon criteria such as age , language skills , work experience , and education .
If you score enough points , you can obtain a residence permit valid for up to three years .
In addtion , you will be able to bring your immediate family along .
As well as scoring enough points , you must have a valid health insurance policy and be able to provide proof that you can support yourself and your family while you look for work in Denmark .
The Danish Green Card Points Based System
Under the Danish Green Card scheme , points are score under five areas : Education , Language Skills , Work Experience , Adaptability , and Age .
It is also possible to score a number of bonus points for various factors described below .
Education
To score points for Education , you must have the Danish equivalent of a bachelors degree .
Your academic credentials must be assessed by CIRIUS , a body under the Danish Ministry of Science , Technology , and Innovation .
In addition to points scored for your degree , bonus points can be awarded under Education for obtaining a degree from a top school or by having an education which qualifies you for work in an occupation on the Positive List .
It is possible for you to score enough points for a work and residence permit based soley upon points earned for Education .
Family Members
If you are granted a residence permit under Denmark 's Green Card Scheme , your spouse or partner is also eligible for a residence permit , as well as any children under the age of 18 who are living at home with you .
Your spouse or partner is allowed to work full time for the entire period of the residence permit 's validity .
To apply for a Danish Green Card click on Danish Green Card Program .
Enter the Green Card Lottery .
55,000 Green Card ’s Must Go Each Year .
Let us help you reach your dream of becoming an American resident today !
Return to USA Diversity Lottery 's immigration news page to read more immigration news .
Two Jehovah 's Witnesses ' murdered 13 people on mission from God to cleanse world of sinners '
When the pair were arrested , Egorycheva was armed with two axes ( file photo )
Two twisted Jehovah 's Witnesses have been arrested as suspected serial killers , accused of murdering 13 people during a nine - month killing spree in Russia .
Claiming to be on a mission from God , Vladimir Gurianov , 44 , and Elvira Egorycheva 46 , hacked , shot and bludgeoned their victims in a case that left even hardened Russian detectives shocked .
The pair were finally spotted in a supermarket in a suburb of the city and arrested .
By then they were on nationwide search lists and their photographs had been widely circulated in the region .
When they were searched Egorycheva had a revolver , two axes , an electric - shock device and a rope in her belongings .
Another gun and a knife were found in Gurianov 's jacket .
Gurianov - who locals said had ' mad eyes ' - and Egorycheva first met at a Jehovah 's Witnesses sect meeting 16 years ago .
When they were reunited late last year , Egorycheva allegedly told him she had a vision and they must travel to the Volga region to carry out God 's wishes .
She said : " God wants us to go to Nizhniy Novgorod and cleanse the world of sinners " .
A neighbour said : " They were very odd .
He called her " mother " or " Princess Elena " .
She called him " my son , Prince Mikhail " .
" Gurianov used to say they had a certain mission .
No - one took them very seriously but then the killings began . "
The first victim was a fortune teller Ludmila Kostina , 51 , with whom they made an appointment after seeing her advert in a local papers .
A day after the first murder they went to another fortune - teller , Nina Mashtakova , 66 , who they killed before stealing valuables .
One victim was killed around January 10 , when Gurianov answered an advert advertising Pekingese puppies .
A 17 - year - old boy , returning home , found Gurianov killing his mother , who only managed to scream : " Run , boy ! "
Gurianov later boasted to detectives about one particularly brutal slaying .
He said : " I shot at the head of this woman , but she was still alive .
I shot her a second time and she fell down , but just as I was digging a grave for her I realised she was still alive and just watching me .
So you 'll understand I had to stab her . "
Also in January this year , Gurianov , a convicted rapist , and Egorycheva met a 17 year - old girl by the garage complex in the city 's outskirts .
Police believe the couple stopped the girl , and Egorycheva told her : " Stop , sinner !
I , Princess Elena , and my son Prince Mikhail , have been sent by God to punish you ! "
Gurianov then allegedly raped the girl , killed her with a hammer and buried her next to the garage complex .
He later told investigators : " Mother explained to me that every woman killed or raped by me would become my wives in the afterlife . "
They are also suspected of killing 18 year - old student Masha Maslennikova , missing since May , whose body has not been found , as well as Ludmila Kotelnikova , 45 , and Elena Lomteva , 37 , whose corpses were found near their holiday homes .
One detective said : " Apparently , they did n't care who became their next victim , whether it was a woman , a young girl or a child .
Their only criterion was to carry out the killing in remote parts of the city where no one could help the victims . "
Later police asked the pair why they killed innocent people .
Gurianov , clearly enjoying recounting his deeds , replied : " God told us to go and take the money .
He said : ' Go there and take as much as you need . '
So we did " .
One shocked detective said : " Our hearts are bleeding .
" They seem to enjoy talking about the things they have done .
They feel safe as well .
What is prison to them ?
Even if they are sentenced to life , they 'll live until old age .
If ever there was a case for capital punishment , this is it . "
Physicists at Stanford University have identified an important new trait of a chemical compound that could become an heir to silicon , perhaps transforming the computing industry .
The researchers found that electrons in a chemical compound called bismuth telluride have a unique property :
They can travel without resistance , losing no energy .
This suggests that there might be a new way to carry more information than silicon - based chips can handle .
It is one of many competing ideas in the search for new tools that could accelerate the development of even smaller , cheaper and more powerful computers .
“ We ’re at the very beginning of understanding this new class of materials , ” said lead investigator Yulin Chen of Stanford Institute for Materials & Energy Science .
“ The next step is to apply what we ’ve learned — to see if it can be fabricated and made functional . ”
Engineers have been doubling the number of components that fit on a piece of silicon , called a chip , every two years .
This miniaturization trend , dubbed “ Moore ’s Law , ” has produced modern computers that are enormously more powerful than their predecessors .
But soon the industry may hit a wall because there are limits to what silicon can do .
Scientists are exploring several different possible successors .
One is optical computing , which relies on photons rather than electrons .
Another is nanochemistry using tiny chemical processes .
The new discovery at the SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory uses electronic spin to carry information , part of a new field called spintronics .
Spintronics takes electronics down to the quantum level .
Because electrons do n’t just carry charge — they also carry an “ up ” or “ down ” spin , which can be read as a binary pattern — they can be used to store information .
When voltage is put on top of Stanford ’s new material , electronics flow without resistance .
This approach to energy flow means lower power use and makes it possible for smaller devices to process information .
Stanford scientists had speculated the bismuth telluride had this unique characteristic .
But its unique property , called topological insulation , was finally revealed by using X - rays from the Stanford Synchroton Radiation Light Source at SLAC and the Advanced Light Source at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory .
Their findings are published online in the June 11 issue of the journal Science Express .
However , the material — shiny , reflective and black , grown in special campus furnaces — can only carry small currents so it is not yet applicable .
But it could pave the way for a paradigm shift in microchip development , according to team member Xiaoliang Qi .
“ This could lead to new applications of spintronics , or using the electron spin to carry information , ” Qi said .
“ I ’m optimistic it can lead to new devices , transistors and spintronics devices . ”
But Dag Spicer , senior curator of the Computer History Museum in Mountain View , was cautious in interpreting the significance of the finding .
“ It ’s exciting to think about potential applications for a new discovery — but such ruminations are often devoid of common - sense factors like economics , training , consumer desire , manufacturability and so on , ” Spicer said .
“ Silicon has had its death knell sounded for the last two decades . ”
Contact Lisa M. Krieger at lkrieger@mercurynews.com or 408-920-5565 .
Make Your Own Herbal Insect Repellents
Make Your Own Insect Repellent
Now that the balmy days of summer are here an absolute deluge of insects has washed over the land .
Rather than soak oneself and one ’s family and pets in toxic chemicals , you can repel insects naturally for little cost .
Just follow the recipes below and you can make insect repellent spritzers , oils , and powders for people and pets .
INSECT REPELLENT SPRITZER
Materials :
lemon peels and / or orange peels
mint leaves and / or pennyroyal leaves and / or sage leaves
rubbing alcohol or witch hazel
Directions :
( Note Do Not use penny royal if you are pregnant or wish to become so . )
Make a strong tea with the peels and the mint leaves .
You can use each ingredient separately if you like or combine them to suit your sense of smell .
Its best to soak the ingredients over night in a covered pan .
The next day strain .
Mix the strong herbal tea half and half with either witch hazel or rubbing alcohol and put in a spray bottle .
Spray your self down before going outside in the evening .
INSECT REPELLENT OIL
Materials :
Salad oil of any kind ( but olive is preferred )
lemon peels and / or orange peels
mint leaves and / or pennyroyal leaves and / or sage leaves
glass jar sterilized
pan to heal oil
Directions :
( Note Do Not use pennyroyal if you are pregnant or wish to become so . )
Place torn leaves and peels packed in a sterilized glass jar .
Heat oil to 160 degrees F . Pour over herbal mixture in the jar to completely cover .
Place top on , and let sit in a dark place for at least a week .
A month is better .
Rub this oil on before hikes or out side activities where one might sweat off a spritzer .
FLEA REPELLENT FOR DOGS
( NOTE : Do not use this on cats .
Citrus is toxic to cats in large amounts .!!!)
Materials :
citrus peels
water
pan
Boil left over citrus peels in a pan of water .
Pour over your dog after a bath rubbing into the coat .
It will make your dog smell like an orange .
It will kill fleas AND keep them off your pet .
Humans are most often described as " omnivores . "
This classification is based on the " observation " that humans generally eat a wide variety of plant and animal foods .
However , culture , custom and training are confounding variables when looking at human dietary practices .
Thus , " observation " is not the best technique to use when trying to identify the most " natural " diet for humans .
While most humans are clearly " behavioral " omnivores , the question still remains as to whether humans are anatomically suited for a diet that includes animal as well as plant foods .
A better and more objective technique is to look at human anatomy and physiology .
Mammals are anatomically and physiologically adapted to procure and consume particular kinds of diets .
( It is common practice when examining fossils of extinct mammals to examine anatomical features to deduce the animal 's probable diet . )
Therefore , we can look at mammalian carnivores , herbivores ( plant - eaters ) and omnivores to see which anatomical and physiological features are associated with each kind of diet .
Then we can look at human anatomy and physiology to see in which group we belong .
Oral Cavity
Carnivores have a wide mouth opening in relation to their head size .
This confers obvious advantages in developing the forces used in seizing , killing and dismembering prey .
Facial musculature is reduced since these muscles would hinder a wide gape , and play no part in the animal 's preparation of food for swallowing .
In all mammalian carnivores , the jaw joint is a simple hinge joint lying in the same plane as the teeth .
This type of joint is extremely stable and acts as the pivot point for the " lever arms " formed by the upper and lower jaws .
The primary muscle used for operating the jaw in carnivores is the temporalis muscle .
This muscle is so massive in carnivores that it accounts for most of the bulk of the sides of the head ( when you pet a dog , you are petting its temporalis muscles ) .
The " angle " of the mandible ( lower jaw ) in carnivores is small .
This is because the muscles ( masseter and pterygoids ) that attach there are of minor importance in these animals .
The lower jaw of carnivores cannot move forward , and has very limited side - to - side motion .
When the jaw of a carnivore closes , the blade - shaped cheek molars slide past each other to give a slicing motion that is very effective for shearing meat off bone .
The teeth of a carnivore are discretely spaced so as not to trap stringy debris .
The incisors are short , pointed and prong - like and are used for grasping and shredding .
The canines are greatly elongated and dagger - like for stabbing , tearing and killing prey .
The molars ( carnassials ) are flattened and triangular with jagged edges such that they function like serrated - edged blades .
Because of the hinge - type joint , when a carnivore closes its jaw , the cheek teeth come together in a back - to - front fashion giving a smooth cutting motion like the blades on a pair of shears .
The saliva of carnivorous animals does not contain digestive enzymes .
When eating , a mammalian carnivore gorges itself rapidly and does not chew its food .
Since proteolytic ( protein - digesting ) enzymes cannot be liberated in the mouth due to the danger of autodigestion ( damaging the oral cavity ) , carnivores do not need to mix their food with saliva ; they simply bite off huge chunks of meat and swallow them whole .
According to evolutionary theory , the anatomical features consistent with an herbivorous diet represent a more recently derived condition than that of the carnivore .
Herbivorous mammals have well - developed facial musculature , fleshy lips , a relatively small opening into the oral cavity and a thickened , muscular tongue .
The lips aid in the movement of food into the mouth and , along with the facial ( cheek ) musculature and tongue , assist in the chewing of food .
In herbivores , the jaw joint has moved to position above the plane of the teeth .
Although this type of joint is less stable than the hinge - type joint of the carnivore , it is much more mobile and allows the complex jaw motions needed when chewing plant foods .
Additionally , this type of jaw joint allows the upper and lower cheek teeth to come together along the length of the jaw more or less at once when the mouth is closed in order to form grinding platforms .
( This type of joint is so important to a plant - eating animal , that it is believed to have evolved at least 15 different times in various plant - eating mammalian species . )
The angle of the mandible has expanded to provide a broad area of attachment for the well - developed masseter and pterygoid muscles ( these are the major muscles of chewing in plant - eating animals ) .
The temporalis muscle is small and of minor importance .
The masseter and pterygoid muscles hold the mandible in a sling - like arrangement and swing the jaw from side - to - side .
Accordingly , the lower jaw of plant - eating mammals has a pronounced sideways motion when eating .
This lateral movement is necessary for the grinding motion of chewing .
The dentition of herbivores is quite varied depending on the kind of vegetation a particular species is adapted to eat .
Although these animals differ in the types and numbers of teeth they posses , the various kinds of teeth when present , share common structural features .
The incisors are broad , flattened and spade - like .
Canines may be small as in horses , prominent as in hippos , pigs and some primates ( these are thought to be used for defense ) or absent altogether .
The molars , in general , are squared and flattened on top to provide a grinding surface .
The molars cannot vertically slide past one another in a shearing / slicing motion , but they do horizontally slide across one another to crush and grind .
The surface features of the molars vary depending on the type of plant material the animal eats .
The teeth of herbivorous animals are closely grouped so that the incisors form an efficient cropping / biting mechanism , and the upper and lower molars form extended platforms for crushing and grinding .
The " walled - in " oral cavity has a lot of potential space that is realized during eating .
These animals carefully and methodically chew their food , pushing the food back and forth into the grinding teeth with the tongue and cheek muscles .
This thorough process is necessary to mechanically disrupt plant cell walls in order to release the digestible intracellular contents and ensure thorough mixing of this material with their saliva .
This is important because the saliva of plant - eating mammals often contains carbohydrate - digesting enzymes which begin breaking down food molecules while the food is still in the mouth .
Stomach and Small Intestine
Striking differences between carnivores and herbivores are seen in these organs .
Carnivores have a capacious simple ( single - chambered ) stomach .
The stomach volume of a carnivore represents 60 - 70 % of the total capacity of the digestive system .
Because meat is relatively easily digested , their small intestines ( where absorption of food molecules takes place ) are short &151 ; about three to five or six times the body length .
Since these animals average a kill only about once a week , a large stomach volume is advantageous because it allows the animals to quickly gorge themselves when eating , taking in as much meat as possible at one time which can then be digested later while resting .
Additionally , the ability of the carnivore stomach to secrete hydrochloric acid is exceptional .
Carnivores are able to keep their gastric pH down around 1 - 2 even with food present .
This is necessary to facilitate protein breakdown and to kill the abundant dangerous bacteria often found in decaying flesh foods .
Because of the relative difficulty with which various kinds of plant foods are broken down ( due to large amounts of indigestible fibers ) , herbivores have significantly longer and in some cases , far more elaborate guts than carnivores .
Herbivorous animals that consume plants containing a high proportion of cellulose must " ferment " ( digest by bacterial enzyme action ) their food to obtain the nutrient value .
They are classified as either " ruminants " ( foregut fermenters ) or hindgut fermenters .
The ruminants are the plant - eating animals with the celebrated multiple - chambered stomachs .
Herbivorous animals that eat a diet of relatively soft vegetation do not need a multiple - chambered stomach .
They typically have a simple stomach , and a long small intestine .
These animals ferment the difficult - to - digest fibrous portions of their diets in their hindguts ( colons ) .
Many of these herbivores increase the sophistication and efficiency of their GI tracts by including carbohydrate - digesting enzymes in their saliva .
A multiple - stomach fermentation process in an animal which consumed a diet of soft , pulpy vegetation would be energetically wasteful .
Nutrients and calories would be consumed by the fermenting bacteria and protozoa before reaching the small intestine for absorption .
The small intestine of plant - eating animals tends to be very long ( greater than 10 times body length ) to allow adequate time and space for absorption of the nutrients .
Colon
The large intestine ( colon ) of carnivores is simple and very short , as its only purposes are to absorb salt and water .
It is approximately the same diameter as the small intestine and , consequently , has a limited capacity to function as a reservoir .
The colon is short and non-pouched .
The muscle is distributed throughout the wall , giving the colon a smooth cylindrical appearance .
Although a bacterial population is present in the colon of carnivores , its activities are essentially putrefactive .
In herbivorous animals , the large intestine tends to be a highly specialized organ involved in water and electrolyte absorption , vitamin production and absorption , and / or fermentation of fibrous plant materials .
The colons of herbivores are usually wider than their small intestine and are relatively long .
In some plant - eating mammals , the colon has a pouched appearance due to the arrangement of the muscle fibers in the intestinal wall .
Additionally , in some herbivores the cecum ( the first section of the colon ) is quite large and serves as the primary or accessory fermentation site .
What About Omnivores ?
One would expect an omnivore to show anatomical features which equip it to eat both animal and plant foods .
According to evolutionary theory , carnivore gut structure is more primitive than herbivorous adaptations .
Thus , an omnivore might be expected to be a carnivore which shows some gastrointestinal tract adaptations to an herbivorous diet .
This is exactly the situation we find in the Bear , Raccoon and certain members of the Canine families .
( This discussion will be limited to bears because they are , in general , representative of the anatomical omnivores . )
Bears are classified as carnivores but are classic anatomical omnivores .
Although they eat some animal foods , bears are primarily herbivorous with 70 - 80 % of their diet comprised of plant foods .
( The one exception is the Polar bear which lives in the frozen , vegetation poor arctic and feeds primarily on seal blubber . )
Bears cannot digest fibrous vegetation well , and therefore , are highly selective feeders .
Their diet is dominated by primarily succulent lent herbage , tubers and berries .
Many scientists believe the reason bears hibernate is because their chief food ( succulent vegetation ) not available in the cold northern winters .
( Interestingly , Polar bears hibernate during the summer months when seals are unavailable . )
In general , bears exhibit anatomical features consistent with a carnivorous diet .
The jaw joint of bears is in the same plane as the molar teeth .
The temporalis muscle is massive , and the angle of the mandible is small corresponding to the limited role the pterygoid and masseter muscles play in operating the jaw .
The small intestine is short ( less than five times body length ) like that of the pure carnivores , and the colon is simple , smooth and short .
The most prominent adaptation to an herbivorous diet in bears ( and other " anatomical " omnivores ) is the modification of their dentition .
Bears retain the peg - like incisors , large canines and shearing premolars of a carnivore ; but the molars have become squared with rounded cusps for crushing and grinding .
Bears have not , however , adopted the flattened , blunt nails seen in most herbivores and retain the elongated , pointed claws of a carnivore .
An animal which captures , kills and eats prey must have the physical equipment which makes predation practical and efficient .
Since bears include significant amounts of meat in their diet , they must retain the anatomical features that permit them to capture and kill prey animals .
Hence , bears have a jaw structure , musculature and dentition which enable them to develop and apply the forces necessary to kill and dismember prey even though the majority of their diet is comprised of plant foods .
Although an herbivore - style jaw joint ( above the plane of the teeth ) is a far more efficient joint for crushing and grinding vegetation and would potentially allow bears to exploit a wider range of plant foods in their diet , it is a much weaker joint than the hinge - style carnivore joint .
The herbivore - style jaw joint is relatively easily dislocated and would not hold up well under the stresses of subduing struggling prey and / or crushing bones ( nor would it allow the wide gape carnivores need ) .
In the wild , an animal with a dislocated jaw would either soon starve to death or be eaten by something else and would , therefore , be selected against .
A given species cannot adopt the weaker but more mobile and efficient herbivore - style joint until it has committed to an essentially plant - food diet test it risk jaw dislocation , death and ultimately , extinction .
What About Me ?
The human gastrointestinal tract features the anatomical modifications consistent with an herbivorous diet .
Humans have muscular lips and a small opening into the oral cavity .
Many of the so - called " muscles of expression " are actually the muscles used in chewing .
The muscular and agile tongue essential for eating , has adapted to use in speech and other things .
The mandibular joint is flattened by a cartilaginous plate and is located well above the plane of the teeth .
The temporalis muscle is reduced .
The characteristic " square jaw " of adult males reflects the expanded angular process of the mandible and the enlarged masseter / pterygoid muscle group .
The human mandible can move forward to engage the incisors , and side - to - side to crush and grind .
Human teeth are also similar to those found in other herbivores with the exception of the canines ( the canines of some of the apes are elongated and are thought to be used for display and / or defense ) .
Our teeth are rather large and usually abut against one another .
The incisors are flat and spade - like , useful for peeling , snipping and biting relatively soft materials .
The canines are neither serrated nor conical , but are flattened , blunt and small and function Like incisors .
The premolars and molars are squarish , flattened and nodular , and used for crushing , grinding and pulping noncoarse foods .
Human saliva contains the carbohydrate - digesting enzyme , salivary amylase .
This enzyme is responsible for the majority of starch digestion .
The esophagus is narrow and suited to small , soft balls of thoroughly chewed food .
Eating quickly , attempting to swallow a large amount of food or swallowing fibrous and / or poorly chewed food ( meat is the most frequent culprit ) often results in choking in humans .
Man 's stomach is single - chambered , but only moderately acidic .
( Clinically , a person presenting with a gastric pH less than 4 - 5 when there is food in the stomach is cause for concern . )
The stomach volume represents about 21 - 27 % of the total volume of the human GI tract .
The stomach serves as a mixing and storage chamber , mixing and liquefying ingested foodstuffs and regulating their entry into the small intestine .
The human small intestine is long , averaging from 10 to 11 times the body length .
( Our small intestine averages 22 to 30 feet in length .
Human body size is measured from the top of the head to end of the spine and averages between two to three feet in length in normal - sized individuals . )
The human colon demonstrates the pouched structure peculiar to herbivores .
The distensible large intestine is larger in cross-section than the small intestine , and is relatively long .
Man 's colon is responsible for water and electrolyte absorption and vitamin production and absorption .
There is also extensive bacterial fermentation of fibrous plant materials , with the production and absorption of significant amounts of food energy ( volatile short - chain fatty acids ) depending upon the fiber content of the diet .
The extent to which the fermentation and absorption of metabolites takes place in the human colon has only recently begun to be investigated .
In conclusion , we see that human beings have the gastrointestinal tract structure of a " committed " herbivore .
Humankind does not show the mixed structural features one expects and finds in anatomical omnivores such as bears and raccoons .
Thus , from comparing the gastrointestinal tract of humans to that of carnivores , herbivores and omnivores we must conclude that humankind 's GI tract is designed for a purely plant - food diet .
SUMMARY
Facial Muscles Carnivore Reduced to allow wide mouth gape Herbivore Well - developed Omnivore Reduced Human Well - developed Jaw Type Carnivore Angle not expanded Herbivore Expanded angle Omnivore Angle not expanded Human Expanded angle Jaw Joint Location Carnivore
On same plane as molar teeth Herbivore Above the plane of the molars Omnivore
On same plane as molar teeth Human Above the plane of the molars Jaw Motion Carnivore Shearing ; minimal side - to - side motion Herbivore
No shear ; good side - to - side , front - to - back Omnivore Shearing ; minimal side - to - side Human
No shear ; good side - to - side , front - to - back Major Jaw Muscles Carnivore Temporalis Herbivore Masseter and pterygoids Omnivore Temporalis Human Masseter and pterygoids Mouth Opening vs. Head Size Carnivore Large Herbivore Small Omnivore Large Human Small Teeth ( Incisors ) Carnivore Short and pointed Herbivore Broad , flattened and spade shaped Omnivore Short and pointed Human Broad , flattened and spade shaped Teeth ( Canines ) Carnivore Long , sharp and curved Herbivore Dull and short or long ( for defense ) , or none Omnivore Long , sharp and curved Human Short and blunted Teeth ( Molars ) Carnivore Sharp , jagged and blade shaped Herbivore Flattened with cusps vs complex surface Omnivore Sharp blades and / or flattened Human Flattened with nodular cusps Chewing Carnivore None ; swallows food whole Herbivore Extensive chewing necessary Omnivore Swallows food whole and / or simple crushing Human Extensive chewing necessary Saliva Carnivore
No digestive enzymes Herbivore Carbohydrate digesting enzymes Omnivore No digestive enzymes Human Carbohydrate digesting enzymes Stomach Type Carnivore Simple Herbivore Simple or multiple chambers Omnivore Simple Human Simple Stomach Acidity Carnivore Less than or equal to pH 1 with food in stomach Herbivore pH 4 to 5 with food in stomach Omnivore Less than or equal to pH 1 with food in stomach Human pH 4 to 5 with food in stomach Stomach Capacity Carnivore 60 % to 70 % of total volume of digestive tract Herbivore Less than 30 % of total volume of digestive tract Omnivore 60 % to 70 % of total volume of digestive tract Human 21 % to 27 % of total volume of digestive tract Length of Small Intestine Carnivore 3 to 6 times body length Herbivore 10 to more than 12 times body length Omnivore 4 to 6 times body length Human 10 to 11 times body length Colon Carnivore Simple , short and smooth Herbivore Long , complex ; may be sacculated Omnivore Simple , short and smooth Human Long , sacculated Liver Carnivore Can detoxify vitamin A Herbivore Cannot detoxify vitamin A Omnivore Can detoxify vitamin A Human Cannot detoxify vitamin A Kidney Carnivore Extremely concentrated urine Herbivore Moderately concentrated urine Omnivore Extremely concentrated urine Human Moderately concentrated urine Nails Carnivore Sharp claws Herbivore Flattened nails or blunt hooves Omnivore Sharp claws Human Flattened nails
TO SEE A SUMMARY OF THE ABOVE CHARTS IN ONE PAGE , CLICK HERE .
FACEBOOK COMMENTS :
NEW YORK ( CNN ) -- Myriad Genetics , a Utah - based company , vowed Wednesday to " vigorously defend " itself against a legal challenge to its patents on two human genes linked to breast and ovarian cancers , its attorney told CNN .
A lawyer in the case says patenting genes would be like patenting an eyeball removed from someone .
" Myriad strongly believes its patents are valid and enforceable and will be upheld by the courts , " said Richard Marsh , the company 's general counsel .
The American Civil Liberties Union is suing Myriad , arguing that patenting pure genes is unconstitutional and hinders research for a cancer cure .
Marsh said the company is aware the lawsuit has been filed but has not yet been served any legal documents .
" We do intend to vigorously defend our intellectual property rights , " Marsh said .
He noted a 1980 U.S. Supreme Court decision related to gene patenting that he said cleared the way for " tens of thousands of genetic and genetic - related patents " to be granted by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office .
The ACLU , joined by the Public Patent Foundation , an organization affiliated with Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law of Yeshiva University , filed the lawsuit Tuesday in U.S. District Court in southern New York against the Patent and Trademark Office , Myriad Genetics and the University of Utah Research Foundation .
Watch Dr. Sanjay Gupta discuss the lawsuit »
Myriad and the research foundation hold patents on the pair of genes -- known as BRCA1 and BRCA2 -- that are responsible for many cases of hereditary breast and ovarian cancers .
The ACLU says that patenting the genes limits research and the free flow of information , and as a result violates the First Amendment .
Do n't Miss Elizabeth Edwards discusses her cancer with Larry King
" Knowledge about our own bodies and the ability to make decisions about our health care are some of our most personal and fundamental rights , " said ACLU Executive Director Anthony D. Romero .
" The government should not be granting private entities control over something as personal and basic to who we are as our genes . "
The lawsuit also challenges genetic patenting in general , noting that about 20 percent of all human genes are patented -- including genes associated with Alzheimer 's disease , muscular dystrophy and asthma .
" It is absolutely our intent that upon victory this will rend invalid patents on many other genes , " said Dan Ravicher , executive director of the Public Patent Foundation and a patent law professor at Yeshiva University 's Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law .
" We just had to pick one case as our case . "
Ravicher offered an analogy to describe the plaintiffs ' argument , saying , " It 's like saying if someone removes your eyeball ... just because you remove the eyeball and wash it off , that does n't make the eyeball patentable .
" Now if they create another eyeball out of plastic or metal , then you can patent that . "
More than 192,000 U.S. women get breast cancer diagnoses each year , and about 5 to 10 percent of those cases are a hereditary form of the disease , according to the National Cancer Institute .
Mutations in BRCA1 and BRCA2 -- short for breast cancer 1 and breast cancer 2 -- are involved in many cases of hereditary breast and ovarian cancers , the institute said .
" A woman 's lifetime chance of developing breast and / or ovarian cancer is greatly increased if she inherits an altered BRCA1 or BRCA2 gene , " according to the institute .
Myriad 's patents give it exclusive right to perform diagnostic tests on the genes , forcing other researchers to request permission from the company before they can take a look at BRCA1 and BRCA2 , the ACLU said .
The patents also give the company the rights to future mutations on the BRCA2 gene and the power to exclude others from providing genetics testing .
The company also charged $ 3,000 a test , possibly keeping some women from seeking preventative genetic testing , the ACLU says .
" Women whose doctors recommend genetic testing should be able to find out whether they have the gene mutations linked to breast and ovarian cancer so that they are able to make choices that could save their lives , and these patents interfere with their ability to do so , " said Lenora Lapidus , director of the ACLU 's Women 's Rights Project .
The plaintiffs in the lawsuit include several patients and more than a dozen universities , genetic specialists and medical associations , such as the Association for Molecular Pathology and the American College of Medical Genetics .
At least one expert said the ACLU should focus more on getting the patents reversed than arguing whether they are constitutional .
" I doubt they 're going to get far with an argument that the patent is unconstitutional , " said Arthur Caplan , director of the Center for Bioethics at the University of Pennsylvania .
" A better argument would be that they were wrong when they granted the patent , " he added , referring to the patent office .
Caplan said patents are privileges , not " carved in stone . "
He said that the defendants may have identified the genes , but did n't actually work on them .
So , the government could reverse the patents on the genes .
" It 's like trying to patent the moon , " he said .
" You did n't do anything to create it , just discovered something that already existed .
You can't patent things that are publicly available , that anyone can find .
You have to create something , make something , do something with the thing . "
CNN 's Stephanie Smith and Caitlin Hagan contributed to this report .
All About Breast Cancer • Genetics • Myriad Genetics Inc .
Here ’s a graet trailer for “ ” fromandare back again with another black comedy after last year ’s “ Burn After Reading . ”
Check it out below !
“ A Serious Man ” is the story of an ordinary man ’s search for clarity in a universe where Jefferson Airplane is on the radio and F - Troop is on TV .
It is 1967 , and Larry Gopnik ( ) , a physics professor at a quiet Midwestern university , has just been informed by his wife Judith ( ) that she is leaving him .
She has fallen in love with one of his more pompous colleagues , Sy Ableman ( ) , who seems to her a more substantial person than the feckless Larry .
Larry ’s unemployable brother Arthur ( ) is sleeping on the couch , his son Danny ( ) is a discipline problem and a shirker at Hebrew school , and his daughter Sarah ( ) is filching money from his wallet in order to save up for a nose job .
While his wife and Sy Ableman blithely make new domestic arrangements , and his brother becomes more and more of a burden , an anonymous hostile letter - writer is trying to sabotage Larry ’s chances for tenure at the university .
Also , a graduate student seems to be trying to bribe him for a passing grade while at the same time threatening to sue him for defamation .
Plus , the beautiful woman next door torments him by sunbathing nude .
Struggling for equilibrium , Larry seeks advice from three different rabbis .
Can anyone help him cope with his afflictions and become a righteous person – a mensch – a serious man ?
Both written and directed by Joel and Ethan Coen “ A Serious Man ” starsand .
The comedy / drama will be released in limited theaters on October 2nd , 2009 .
A second French Trailer for I Love You Phillip Morris which shows all new footage , courtesy of Allocine .
The true story of an ex-cop , ex-husband , ex-insurance scam , ex-model prisoner and eternal lover of fellow inmate Phillip Morris .
Steven Russell is ready for anything , never to be separated from the man in her life .
This implies you do not rot in prison ?
How far can you go for love ?
Very far if we are to believe the incredible story of Steven Russell , a genius of the escape overtaken by its romanticism .
I Love You Phillip Morris will be released domestically by Consolidated Pictures Group .
If you want tips on how to become more productive , how to increase your motivation or even just how to become more confident , there are more than enough resources out there .
Many of us feel that all of these little steps ‘ improve ’ who we are and take us to the next level and in some ways I guess that ’s true .
On the other hand , I do n’t like to think of this advice as changing us as people , but more like exposing who we really are .
Some people get obsessed with self growth and get hooked on looking for the next ‘ secret ’ and ‘ tactic ’ they can use to take their life , or just their personality , to the next level .
Today I want to cover a personal growth key you may be totally neglecting , and one that probably has more effect on you than any other .
What is that key , you ask ?
That ’s easy : your health .
As with productivity , motivation , confidence or any other aspects of life you feel are necessary to work on , there ’s tons of information out there about your health .
So much so in fact , that I ’m sure you were already thinking that before my last statement .
However , most of the health advice you read is about :
Living longer
Looking younger
Becoming more attractive
and so on .
What you might not realise , is that your health , or more specifically what you do and what you eat , can have a huge effect on things like :
Your concentration levels
Your mood
Your focus
Your energy
and lots more .
In turn , these things naturally increase your confidence , your social skills , your productivity and many other things .
Do n’t forget that while working on your health can make you appear younger and improve your life span , it can also improve your quality of life and other areas you struggle to improve upon .
With this covered , I want to show some of what I believe are the most important health tips out there that may dramatically improve your personal growth .
Drink More Water
I ’m sure you ’ve heard drinking more water is good for you more times than you care to remember , but like most things that are repeated in the health department , there ’s a good reason for it .
Around 70 % of our bodies are made of water and research suggests that the majority of Americans are dehydrated on a daily basis .
This dehydration can cause headaches , tiredness , and other issues that might crop up in daily life .
A good guide to drinking enough water is to take in around 8 – 8 oz glasses throughout the day .
I like to give this figure a ‘ kick start ’ by ritually drinking 2 pints ( one litre in total ) every morning when I wake up .
It helps your liver process body toxins and even just after a week of doing this , you ’ll feel great .
Get An Allergy Test
It ’s very possible that even whilst you think you ’re eating healthily , you could be putting foods into your body that it simple does n’t want you to eat .
I had an allergy test recently because of another condition and although the results came back that I was fine , I ’m glad I had it done .
These tests are relatively inexpensive and your GP can have one performed if you feel that it is necessary and so can a nutritionist .
If you do n’t want to go down that route , there ’s also a kit that you can buy online which is self - administered ( I have tried this and it ’s quick and easy ) which costs around $ 70 .
Exercise Regularly
For many people , even just the thought of exercising gives them negative emotions .
Or , even if they can muster up the ability to go a few times , their motivation eventually dies down .
I used to be in the same position , but these days I love nothing more than my gym days .
In fact , if there we no such thing as ‘ overtraining , ’ then I would probably be there on a daily basis .
What changed for me ?
Well , it ’s all about your motivation .
If you ’re not motivated to go to the gym and exercise , why should you bother ?
Never forget that your health is probably the most important asset you have .
There will be a time when no amount of money or material possessions can make up for your fading form if you never took care of it .
Write down a list of all the benefits you could receive from going to the gym such as :
Looking more attractive to the opposite sex
Using excess energy you may have
Letting out negative emotions such as anger and stress
Being able to sleep better at night ( the gym effort will make you more tired )
Prolong your life expectancy
Feel great in everyday life and that you ’re working towards something great
These are just some from the top of my head , but I ’m sure you can think of some that are personal to you and can keep you in shape .
If you read this list everyday you ’re looking to skip a gym session , then it will likely spur you into action .
Meditate
This is very simple , but I feel the results are profound .
With meditation , I have been able to practically eliminate most daily stress in my life and improve my concentration levels throughout the day .
I find it best to do this for around 20 minutes in the morning and it improves the rest of my day .
I certainly feel a sense of lack when I forget to implement this habit .
There are many forms of meditation , but I prefer the most basic .
Simply sit somewhere comfortable ( you may want to sit in the Lotus position ) and focus on your breathing .
Notice your chest rise when you breath in and fall when you breath out and give all attention to your breathing .
You ’ll soon find that it ’s very hard to concentrate on your breath and other thoughts will come in .
That ’s fine , that ’s normal .
Try doing this for 5 minutes one day , then 10 the next , then 15 and so on until you can perform around 20 minutes easily each day .
The more you do this , the easier it will get and the bigger the effect it will have on your life .
So , are you still going to let this personal growth key remain absent in your life ?
Photo by Adria Richards
Recently by Matt Taibbi : Washington Post Sells Access , $ 25,000 +
Equity underwriting boomed during the period as dozens of banks raised money to strengthen capital and repay Troubled Asset Relief Program funds .
The business reported record revenue of $ 736 million .
via Article — WSJ.com .
So what ’s wrong with Goldman posting $ 3.44 billion in second - quarter profits , what ’s wrong with the company so far earmarking $ 11.4 billion in compensation for its employees ?
What ’s wrong is that this is not free - market earnings but an almost pure state subsidy .
Last year , when Hank Paulson told us all that the planet would explode if we did n’t fork over a gazillion dollars to Wall Street immediately , the entire rationale not only for TARP but for the whole galaxy of lesser - known state crutches and safety nets quietly ushered in later on was that Wall Street , once rescued , would pump money back into the economy , create jobs , and initiate a widespread recovery .
This , we were told , was the reason we needed to pilfer massive amounts of middle - class tax revenue and hand it over to the same guys who had just blown up the financial world .
We ’d save their asses , they ’d save ours .
That was the deal .
It turned out not to happen that way .
We constructed this massive bailout infrastructure , and instead of pumping that free money back into the economy , the banks instead simply hoarded it and ate it on the spot , converting it into bonuses .
So what does this Goldman profit number mean ?
This is the final evidence that the bailouts were a political decision to use the power of the state to redirect society ’s resources upward , on a grand scale .
It was a selective rescue of a small group of chortling jerks who must be laughing all the way to the Hamptons every weekend about how they fleeced all of us at the very moment the game should have been up for all of them .
Spanking the Donkey : D... Matt Taibbi Best Price : $ 5.49 Buy New $ 40.87 ( as of 10:45 EST - Details )
Now , the counter to this charge is , well , hey , they made that money fair and square , legally , how can you blame them ?
They ’re just really smart !
Bulls__t .
One of the most hilarious lies that has been spread about Goldman of late is that , since it repaid its TARP money , it ’s now free and clear of any obligation to the government — as if that was the only handout Goldman got in the last year .
Goldman last year made your average AFDC mom on food stamps look like an entrepreneur .
Here ’s a brief list of all the state aid that is hiding behind that $ 3.44 billion number they announced the other day .
In no particular order :
1 . The AIG bailout .
Goldman might have gone out of business last year if AIG had been allowed to proceed to an ordinary bankruptcy , as AIG owed Goldman about $ 20 billion at the time it went into a death spiral .
Instead , Goldman gets to call upon its former chief , Hank Paulson , who green - lights this massive , $ 80 billion bailout of AIG ( with Lloyd Blankfein in the room ) , at least $ 12.9 billion of which went straight to Goldman .
Moreover , let ’s not forget this : both Goldman and Bank Societe Generale had been tattooing AIG with collateral calls in the period before AIG ’s collapse , with Goldman extracting a full $ 5.9 billion from the company during that time .
It was those collateral calls that really killed AIG .
Now , ask yourself : exactly how big would Goldman ’s profits be this year , if they had to fill a still - extant $ 13 billion or even a $ 20 billion hole on its balance sheet from AIG ’s collapse ?
You think it would still be $ 3.44 billion ?
What if Hank Paulson had elected to save Lehman instead of saving AIG / Goldman , how big would Goldman ’s profits be then ?
Is anyone even asking this question ?
I keep hearing people say , “ Well , so what — it ’s only fair that Goldman got paid off for its deals with AIG .
After all , AIG was contractually obligated to Goldman .
Goldman deserves that money , because it was doing the right thing in buying insurance from AIG in the first place . ”
End the Fed Ron Paul Best Price : $ 1.12 Buy New $ 8.53 ( as of 10:10 EST - Details )
That ’s bulls__t , too .
As Rich Bennett over at the hilarious monkey business blog pointed out to me the other day , Goldman was insane and reckless in making those deals with AIG .
Goldman was n’t removing risk from its books by buying CDS protection from AIG , they were exchanging one kind of risk for another kind of risk , counterparty risk .
“ If you have too much risk to one entity and they go bust , you ’re s__t outta luck , ” Rich says .
“ They took AIG for a ride , and when the music stopped , they and their partners were going to be taking up the proverbial tookus . ”
So to review : Goldman makes insane bets , runs wild on AIGFP ’s house idiot Joe Cassano for a while , sticking him with $ 20 billion in risk , and when it all went to s__t — as it inevitably had to — they drove a big stake through AIG ’s heart and got the government to step in and pay them off using our money .
How ’s that for market capitalism ?
Just like Adam Smith drew it up , right ?
They ’re just smart guys !
2. TARP .
Much discussed , no need to really review here .
Goldman got its $ 10 billion .
It paid off its $ 10 billion .
Good for them .
However , there ’s one thing to note here , and it has n’t been mentioned really at all in the press .
It is continually reported that now that Goldman has repaid its TARP money , it no longer has restrictions on its executive compensation .
That ’s actually not true .
The government still holds warrants from Goldman and other companies that it acquired during the TARP process , and until the banks pay off those warrants ( and they ’re all already trying to pay them off at below market prices ) , the Treasury still technically has the authority to prevent lavish bonuses .
Not that that will happen , of course , and this is yet another government handout — a firmer government would be hard on Goldman to the end of the process , while this government is doing its matador job and waving through these massive bonuses early on in the repayment schedule .
3. The Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program .
So Goldman last year converts from an investment bank to bank holding company status , which now makes it eligible for a new program that gives commercial banks FDIC backing for unsecured debt .
This is not a direct subsidy in the sense of us actually handing over a bunch of money to Goldman , but it ’s almost better , in a way .
This basically hands over a free AAA rating to the big banks and allows them access to mountains of cheap money , with all of us on the hook if something went wrong .
This is the equivalent of telling Exxon it can take crude from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve at below - market rates during an energy crisis and then turn around and sell it on the market at whatever price it wants , and pocket the difference , for the good of God and country .
Goldman took full advantage of this deal , issuing $ 28 billion in FDIC - backed debt after its conversion .
Exactly how hard is it for a bank to make a profit when it has unlimited access to virtually free money ?
It is almost impossible for banks to not make money when their cost of capital sinks this low .
Ask yourself this question : has borrowing money gotten any cheaper for you this year ?
Did someone from the government walk up to you after you foreclosed on your house or missed payments on your charge card and , as a favor , just because you ’re so cool , jack your credit score back up to the 99th percentile and invite you to start all over again ?
Because that ’s what happened to these assholes .
They made every bad move you can think of and they not only got a clean credit slate but a virtually ceiling - free spending limit .
4. The Fed Programs .
By converting to a bank holding company , Goldman also became eligible for a whole galaxy of new bailout programs administered through the federal reserve like the Term Asset - Backed Securities Loan Facility ( TALF ) ; it also became eligible to borrow cheap money from the Fed ’s discount window .
There is so much to cover here that it would take forever to get to all of it , but the key number to remember here is $ 2.2 trillion ( not billion , trillion ) .
That ’s how much the Fed has lent out in assistance since this crisis started and we have no idea how much of it went to Goldman or any other firm , thanks to Ben Bernanke , who refuses to disclose this information .
But you can bet that Goldman has taken full advantage of all the various programs designed to relieve the banks of the worthless crap assets they acquired while they were playing roulette the past ten years or so .
We just have no idea how much crap they unloaded on the Fed , or how much they borrowed .
Would you really bet that it was n’t much ?
The Great Derangement :... Matt Taibbi Best Price : $ 1.44 Buy New $ 8.90 ( as of 01:40 EST - Details )
5 . The TARP Repayment Bonanza .
See the story at the top of this piece .
As part and parcel of the TARP program , the banks that received money had strict guidelines imposed on them by the state in the area of how they could raise the money to repay .
TARP recipients had to issue new equity according to certain parameters , and guess who one of the only major equity underwriters left on Wall Street is ?
That ’s right , Goldman , Sachs .
So say International Reckless Dickwad Bank needs to issue $ 100 million in new stock to pay off TARP ; they hire Goldman to do the deal , and since the fee for equity underwriting is 7 % , Goldman gets , in essence , a state - mandated $ 7 million fee .
Because so much money was lent out under TARP , the underwriters on Wall Street made a massive bonanza on all the new bank stock .
As noted above , Goldman ’s equity underwriting department hauled in $ 736 million this quarter .
Does this happen without the bailouts ?
No .
Do the bailouts happen if banks like Goldman had n’t blown up the universe in the first place ?
No .
You do the math ; this is another subsidy .
And that ’s just some of the help they ’ve gotten .
Should we bother to count Goldman ’s status as one of just 17 remaining primary dealers in U.S. Treasuries , which naturally did a crisp business last year as the U.S. borrowed its way out of a hole the banks had themselves created ?
Should we count the ban on short - selling Goldman asked for and got last year ?
Or how about the seemingly obvious fact that the bank used all of this state assistance and guarantees as a crutch to prop up lots of new risk - taking activity , which was the exact opposite of what was supposed to have been achieved by the bailouts , which were supposed to usher in an new era of austerity and temperance ?
As Felix Salmon notes , Goldman last year , after it converted to bank holding company status , announced that it was “ taking steps to reduce leverage . ”
But what ’s happened since then is that Goldman has actually been emboldened by all its state backing to borrow more and gamble more than ever .
This is the equivalent of a regular casino gambler who hears that the house has doubled down on his credit line and decides to stay up at the tables all night , instead of going home and sobering up .
Just look at Goldman ’s VaR , or Value at Risk , which measures the amount of money the bank puts at risk on any given day : it ’s soared since last year .
Taken altogether , what all of this means is that Goldman ’s profit announcement is a giant “ f__k you ” to the rest of the country .
It is a statement of supreme privilege , an announcement that it feels no shame in taking subsidies and funneling them directly into their pockets , and moreover feels no fear of any public response .
It knows that it ’s untouchable and it ’s not going to change its behavior for anyone .
And it does n’t matter who knows it .
There are going to be some people who say that some of this stuff is n’t government subsidy so much as ordinary government contracting .
After all , do we criticize Boeing for making airplanes or Electric Boat for making submarines during a war ?
If we do n’t do that , then why should we be pissed about Goldman making a profit underwriting TARP repayment stock issuances , or Treasuries ?
The difference is that Boeing and Electric Boat did n’t start the war .
But these guys on Wall Street caused this crisis , and now they ’re raking in money on the infrastructure their buddies in government have devised to bail them out .
It ’s a self - fulfilling cycle — beautiful , in a way , but at the same time sort of uniquely disgusting .
That they ’re going to get away with it is bad enough — that they ’re getting praised for it , for being such smart guys , is damn near intolerable .
This article originally appeared on True / Slant and is reprinted with permission .
The Best of Matt Taibbi
SALT LAKE CITY ( AP )  Utah , a state that has always been a leader in the percentage of residents who volunteer , appears to have inadvertently found a way to boost volunteerism : a four - day workweek .
Since August , about 17,000 of the state 's 24,000 executive - branch employees have been working 10 - hour days , Monday through Thursday .
Closing state offices on Fridays is supposed to cut energy costs and reduce carbon emissions .
The energy savings have n't been what Gov. Jon Huntsman had hoped for , but most state employees have embraced the schedule because of their new three - day weekends .
The extra day off is giving some workers their first opportunity to volunteer while holding a full - time job .
Others are dedicating more time to helping others .
" I think everyone knows when you work five days a week you have all your errands to run on the weekend and other commitments during the week .
From that standpoint , ( volunteering ) is almost impossible , " said Department of Corrections spokeswoman Angie Welling .
She spends every Friday morning volunteering for No Homeless Pets .
Welling said she contacted the animal shelter as soon as she learned the state was switching to the four - day workweek .
" When I called offering my service every Friday they were very excited because weekdays are the hardest to fill , " said Welling , who helps clean cages and walk dogs .
Tufts University research shows that about 43 % of Utah residents older than 25 volunteer , while the national average is 28 % .
Utah is home to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints , which makes up about 60 % of the population and does n't pay its church leaders at the local level .
About 63 % of Utah 's volunteerism is religious , according to the Washington - based Corporation for National and Community Service .
Most volunteerism has traditionally taken place on weekends and in the evenings through church service , but the four - day workweek gives church members who are state employees more time to deliver food to the poor , counsel fellow members , or visit the sick .
" It 's been a blessing .
I think I work harder that day than the others , " said Kathryn Draper , an office manager in the Department of Human Services who leads a local women 's service organization for the Mormon church .
There are no state statistics on the number of state employees who volunteer , but the United Way says it noticed its
Web traffic increased once the state 's workweek changed .
At the Capitol , workers always struggled to find tour guides for their Friday shifts .
Now , five of the eight tour guides who work on Fridays are state employees .
" I was absolutely amazed , " said Allyson Gamble , director of visitor services at the Capitol .
Shauna Fisher , a Division of Wildlife Resources employee , said she 's always wanted to give back to the community , but she could rarely afford to donate money .
The four - day workweek allowed her to help out in other ways .
This spring , she organized a dozen co-workers to spend two Fridays this spring building homes for Habitat for Humanity .
" I felt I could do something without going poor doing it , " said Fisher , who had never done volunteer work before .
Tera Porter , a licensing specialist in the Bureau of Child Care Licensing , also took advantage of having Fridays off to volunteer for the first time .
Since June , Porter and her 16 - year - old daughter have volunteered at the Weber County Animal Shelter .
" They need to get out of the kennels and we need the exercise .
They are so appreciative — the dogs and the workers , " she said .
The four - day workweek is a pilot program that was scheduled to end next month , but state officials say they 'll keep it in place for a few more months to help them calculate the economic impact of the switch .
A report is expected to be delivered to state lawmakers in October .
Welling notes there 's one figure that wo n't be in that report .
" This is one of those costs you can't quantify — people being out there in the community doing work .
That 's obviously a positive of the program that can't be put on a spreadsheet , " she said .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
You are a Christian .
You believe that Jesus Christ is your personal saviour and that through your relationship with Him , you will come to know His father in heaven , Yahweh , the King of kings , the Lord of lords .
You assert this on the authority of the bible , which you believe sets out a framework on how we should all live our lives and , in doing so , bear witness to its teachings , so that others might do the same .
These teachings , whilst they are in many ways similar to those contained in other equally motivating and historically relevant texts , are distinct in their validity on your faithful belief that those who authored the bible , were inspired by something far beyond that which inspired these other texts–and that in adhering to biblical teachings , a parable of the truth about God ’s plan for humanity might be attained .
As a Christian , you do not discount the philosophy of other sacred texts merely on the grounds that they are not in keeping with the ideals of those who wrote the bible , but because other religious texts are not personally relevant to you .
In doing this , you accept that to followers of other religions , in other cultures , the bible is as relevant as their sacred texts are to you .
Because of this , you rejoice in calling yourself a moderate .
You want to live in a world where this acceptance of other people ’s faith and theirs of yours leads to a peaceful coexistence , where the only concerns which arise from differing opinions , contribute to the overarching desire of all humanity for a true understanding about our place in the cosmos ; where our passions and beliefs , as facets of that reality , are celebrated and preserved .
The tradition and ceremony in which you preserve Christian culture , which are conducted according to instructions interpreted from ancient texts have sacramental significance to you .
You accept , on theological grounds , that this innately human desire to coexist ; to “ do unto others as you would have them do unto you ” , is received from a higher power –whom your spiritual self shall come to know after your physical body dies , by contemplative and sincere observation of these rites : communion , confession , prayer , baptism , marriage and a regular affirmation of your creed .
You are not unaware of challenges to your beliefs , which are held by people who do not accept your beliefs are as encouraging to peaceful coexistence as you say they are ; that you are in some way deluding yourself into holding these beliefs above criticism because you are afraid of sin .
There are various labels for people of this opinion , the most common being atheist–and although as a follower of Christ ’s teachings , you do not hate individual atheist and do not accept that certain biblical edicts on how non-believers are to be treated are in keeping with Christ ’s compulsion to love your enemy , you do find some of what the irreligious have to say personally offensive .
You believe that the price non-believers will pay for their continued doubt , in the face of your witnessing to God ’s truth and their refusal to accept this as their moral authority , is an eternity in the fires of hell once their physical body dies .
You believe , as a God fearing Christian , that the very fear of this happening to your soul , when you die , is reason enough to distrust many of the things atheists say to you which directly challenge your faithful assumptions on a wide range of subjects .
You have , however , met and spoken with many atheists who are not dismissive of the impact religious faith has had in your life .
These personal experiences , which you do not believe can be understood by those who do not share your faith , reinforce your belief that there is a higher power than that which can be described or understood by those who have closed their hearts to God ’s word .
In keeping with Christian tradition , you pray for those who do not share your beliefs , so that they might come to understand what it is that you believe and why you believe it so that they too will be saved from hell by His forgiveness .
You sincerely and genuinely believe that to offer thanks to Yahweh for His presence in your life , it is your moral obligation to hold Him above all other standards by which you view the world .
In doing so , you also accept that certain of your truth claims directly contradict observed reality .
While you are occasionally troubled by this fact , you are also strengthened by it , because your faith tells you that some of the beliefs held by the irreligious are similarly paradoxical .
For example , non-religious people who cite scientific methodologies as proof that there is no evidence for a creator god–or Prime Mover , will use mathematical axioms–things which are assumed to be true–to explain , not why the universe exists , just that it does and that it behaves as if there is no supernatural causality behind the anthropic phenomena .
By this light , you see what you would like to see ; that while , in reality , this is not the same kind of logical contradiction as that which occasionally troubles your faith , you settle yourself that it is one which nevertheless requires a certain degree of faith by any other name ; a faith in science , as opposed to God .
This transferred definition of the word ‘ faith ’ , from one which means “ without good reason ” to one which honestly describes the uncertain origin of physical properties , is symmetrical and pleasing to you .
It reinforces the idea that for all the godless might scoff at you for what you believe , they are just as reliant upon that which can not be corroborated by absolute evidence as you are ; that the scientific method of ascertaining fact from opinion relies as much upon blind assumption as do those which occasionally test many of your religious convictions .
You take consonance from this and concentrate not on which side is “ right ” and which is “ wrong ” , since these too are absolute statements which can not be falsified .
Instead you ascribe the teachings of your sacred texts to the language with which we explore human emotions .
You celebrate this definition of Christ ’s love with your fellow believers .
This great feeling of group solidarity holds you close , like a mother ’s embrace in a family of love and compassion .
It is the warmth of humanity in an otherwise cold and complicated world .
I am an atheist and once upon a time , I thought like you .
I did not lose faith , I gained reason .
I believed that the world was divided by evil people and good people .
That the good people were on God ’s side and the evil people rejected His love and embraced Satan ’s false choices .
I could recite , verbatim , every catch - all prayer and statement of faith in the book , to reinforce my beliefs .
The money lenders in the temple became the message and the message became the church .
I believed that these certainties and statements of faith would provide for me throughout my life ; that at no point in my adulthood would anything come into my learning so profound that it could challenge my belief that God almighty , King of kings , Lord of all lords could not guide me through and protect me from any challenge to my faith .
So when I read Christian apologetics , of the kind which linked you here , and I respond to them with what I have learned since I left behind simple , circular answers to the complex questions anyone interested in their own existence must surely have to confront at some time in their life , it is not to offend anyone , or call anyone a liar , that I cite contradictions in the bible or the arrogance of individual Christians .
Nor is it to score some end - of - level high score in a game of pedantic atheism ; like some kind of race towards the ultimate density of an argument one can squeeze into a single paragraph .
It is to point out the simple fact that , no matter how important you think it is , for you to go to that meeting next week , to discuss your church ’s next move against gay marriage , or condom use , or the teaching of evolution , or any one of a thousand issues you feel entitled to an opinion on –NOTHING in the words of Jesus himself , gives you the right to impose that opinion on anyone else .
In ignoring that simple truth ; your failure to take the log from your own eye , before removing the spelk from mine –you have left yourself nowhere to go , but even further away from the fundamentals of your creed .
You have become the thing you feared the most .
“ Dogma is a failure of cognition and a commitment to that failure ” – Sam Harris
TEGUCIGALPA , Honduras 
An airborne drama that held Honduras in suspense for most of the day ended Sunday evening with the ousted president ’s plane circling over the airport here in the capital , where soldiers and riot police officers blocked the runway and used tear gas and bullets to disperse supporters who had awaited what was supposed to have been his triumphal return .
As the plane carrying the ousted president , Manuel Zelaya , swept in low and made two passes over the city , cheers erupted from the crowds below .
An air force jet then streaked across the sky and Mr. Zelaya ’s plane flew off to Nicaragua , where he made a brief stopover before heading to El Salvador .
“ The runway is blocked , ” Mr. Zelaya said in an interview from the sky that was broadcast over loudspeakers to his supporters on the ground .
“ There is no way I can land . ”
He vowed to make another attempt soon .
Despite the anticlimax of the landing efforts , diplomatic efforts to resolve the crisis seemed to move forward .
The daylong event included a barbecue , socializing , networking , and a brief program that was attended by local politicians and a state representative , who presented the center with proclamations and certificates .
The Transgender Center , one of the first of its kind in the country , has become a face for the trans community beyond Houston , advancing trans causes and issues in the state .
It offers many services for trans people including support groups , workshops , health care , housing referrals , and community events
Apollo 11 scientists work to solve problems for the first time landing a man on the moon
This article is reprinted from Sci-Tech Archives
This is a fascinating account of the computer technology , people and project skills required to land Apollo 11 without mishap .
It always boils down to some very intelligent and dedicated people working on a project to make it successful .
We are indebted to the many people who recorded their work on the space program for the rest of us to study .
July 19 , 2009 NJN Network
Computers in the Apollo Program
The comp.realtime newsgroup has carried an interesting discussion of computers used on board the Apollo Command and Lunar modules .
For those of you who have n’t seen this , here ’s a repost of a fascinating story about these antique machines .
by Stanley R. Mohler , Jr. Dec ’94
A few months ago I posted a message in sci.space .
tech seeking info on the Lunar Module on - board computer and its software .
I soon got some private e-mail from Allan Klumpp , the principal designer of the Apollo Lunar Module on - board descent software .
He also wrote the steering system for the digital autopilot .
He invited me to call him which I did .
I thought I would summarize here my understanding of some of the fascinating info he gave me over a 1.25 - hour period .
Allan was one of about 300 people who designed the LM ’s software over a 7 year period for 46 million 1967 - era dollars .
He did his work as a graduate student at the MIT Draper Lab during the Apollo years .
The LM and CM had identical computers on board , each the size of a shoe box .
Each contained a total storage capacity of 36 K of 14 - bit words .
This means total storage was roughly equal to the 64 K bytes of a Commodore - 64 computer .
The LM ’s computer had a “ memory cycle time ” of 11.7 micro-seconds .
However , virtually all CPU operations required at least 2 clock cycles making the effective memory cycle time 23.4 micro-seconds , i.e. , it effectively ran at only about 43 kHz ( 0.043 MHz ) !
Note that the original IBM PC - XT ran at 4.77 MHz , and the latest PC ’s run at about 66 MHz .
The fastest computers today run at about 300 MHz .
The LM computer is probably comparable in speed to a pocket calculator .
Numbers were represented using 14 - bit words in double - precision ( i.e. , 28 bits ) .
The 15th and 16th bit were for the sign of the number and for parity checking ( i.e. , to make sure the chips were all in sync with the clock pulses ) .
Calculations were fixed - point ( not floating - point ) .
The on - board program , named “ LUMINARY ” , was stored in read - only core - rope memory which took months to manufacture ( the program fills about 10 cm of print - out ) .
Therefore the software had to be in final form months before launch .
LUMINARY version 99 landed Apollo 11 .
Version 209 was the final version .
The computer also contained a small eraseable area of about 2 K 14 - bit words to temporarily store variables in .
The computer was built entirely out of integrated circuit NOR gates : one type of gate for high reliability .
Allan , his friend Don Eyles , and about 300 others wrote their programs in the first high - order computer language , called MAC ( MIT Algebraic Compiler ) , then compiled it BY HAND into assembly language , which they typed onto punched cards ( there were no terminals or text editors ) .
Incidentally , the Shuttle ’s software is written in a language called HAL/S , named after Hal Lanning , the author of MAC .
HAL/S is an improved version of MAC .
For a more detail discussion of the software program , see Don Eyles paper .
The LUMINARY program consisted of many subprograms which were priority driven , i.e. , they took turns executing according to their priority .
Each program would move data in and out of the very small eraseable area of memory ( 2 K in size ) .
The biggest debugging challenge was to keep programs from erasing , or “ overlaying ” , another program ’s data at inappropriate times .
If too many tasks were demanding the computer ’s time , it would simply delay or THROW AWAY what it had been working on , issue an alarm , and start working on the new item .
Such frightening alarms occurred during the Apollo 11 landing ( first moon landing ) .
If you listen to recordings of the landing , you will hear the Capcom say “ 1201 alarm ” and “ 1202 alarm . ”
The astronauts ’ checklist had erroneously called for the astronauts to turn on the rendezvous radar before initiation of the descent .
Subsequently , the program that managed the radar began demanding too much of the computer ’s spare margin of time .
The power supply for the radar was not properly synchronized with the LM ’s main power supply .
Consequently , as the two power supplies went in and out of synchronization , the rendezvous radar generated many spurious input signals to the LM ’s computer .
In responding to these signals , the computer delayed some of its guidance calculations and left others unfinished .
This situation caused the computer to issue alarms during the landing .
During a normal descent , the guidance program , which brought the LM to its target landing site using a minimum of fuel , would issue commands once every two seconds .
Steering commands to the digital autopilot , which kept the LM stable , were issued every 10th of a second .
Although the landing , which had an 11 - minute guidance phase , was successful , a full minute ’s worth of guidance commands were never issued by the computer due to rendezvous radar !
For debugging , the programmers at MIT had an IBM 360 model 175 mainframe computer that acted as a simulator of the LM .
Allan and his colleagues would test their software in this simulator , which interfaced with their software just as the real LM , with its associated dynamics , would .
The IBM 360 produced printed output as well as plots of the trajectories of the simulated landings .
In the real LM , the on - board computer had a digital display and a keyboard .
During landing , the computer would display a number , updated periodically .
The LM “ Pilot ” , who was on the right and never touched the controls , would continuously read out updated values of this number .
The Commander on the left , who was actually manipulating the controls , would find this number on a reticule painted on the window .
The target landing spot , where the computer was trying to land , would be visible at that location out the window .
The commander would “ fly ” the LM by redesignating to a new landing spot by clicking a hand controller .
In this way , Neil Armstrong carefully steered the LM away from an unexpected crater full of Volkswagen - size boulders , setting the LM down with only 30 seconds of fuel left !
One click of the hand controller would move the landing spot by a couple of degrees .
Allan chose to program in 2 degrees left / right , and a half degree up and down ( i.e. , forward and backward ) .
Later he changed it to 1 degree both ways , at the astronauts ’ request .
The commander could also increase or decrease his descent rate by one foot / second by clicking a second hand controller .
LUMINARY was never completely bug free .
Allan told me about a fascinating series of events that could have easily prevented the first moon landing and might have caused disaster .
Allan was the principal designer of the LM ’s descent guidance program which steered the LM by gimballing and throttling the descent engine .
Whenever the computer commanded the engine to increase or decrease thrust , the engine ( and LM ) reacted after a short time lag .
Allan ’s descent program needed a routine to accurately estimate the new thrust level , which could be accomplished by reading the “ delta - V ” ( change in velocity ) measured by the LM ’s accelerometers .
He wrote a short routine that took into consideration , i.e. , compensated for , the engine ’s lag time , which TRW ’s “ interface control document ” , full of useful information for the programmers , said was 0.3 seconds .
It took 0.3 seconds for the LM ’s descent engine to achieve whatever thrust level the computer might request .
The final version of the thrust routine , which was put into the LM , was written by Allan ’s friend Don Eyles .
Eyles was sufficiently enthusiastic about the programming challenge that he found a way of writing it which required compensating for only 0.2 of the 0.3 seconds .
The IBM 360 simulator showed Eyles ’ program worked
beautifully .
His routine was aboard Apollos 11 and 12 which landed successfully .
However , telemetry transmitted during the landings later showed something to be very wrong .
The engines were surging up and down in thrust level , and were barely stable .
A guy at Johnson Space Center called Allan and informed him that the LM ’s engine was not a 0.3 - second - lag engine after all .
It had been improved some time before Apollo 11 ’s launch such as to lower the lag time to only 0.075 seconds .
Correction of this item in the interface control document had simply been overlooked .
Once this discrepancy was discovered , the IBM 360 simulator was reprogrammed to properly simulate the actual , faster engine .
Running on the simulator , Don Eyle ’s thrust program , with the 0.2 - second compensation , exhibited the surging that had occurred on the real flights .
But here ’s the most interesting fact : the simulator also showed that had Allan Klumpp chose to “ correct ” Don Eyles ’ program by compensating for the full 0.3 seconds that was printed in the document , the LM would have been unstable and Apollo 11 would never have been able to land .
By pure luck , Don Eyles was creative enough to write the thrust routine in a way that kept the LM just inside the stability envelope and allowed successful landings !
Allan ’s descent program called “ P64 ” periodically computed a polynomial function to describe the optimum descent trajectory .
This polynomial would smoothly merge the LM ’s current position and velocity vectors into the target point position and velocity vector .
The “ target point ” for P64 was just above the landing point ( When the LM reached the target point with a small vertical descent rate , P64 would cease execution and the landing phase would be handled by a program called “ P66 ” ) .
The computer would then make the LM fly the trajectory , which would be recomputed every 2 seconds .
An opportunity for disaster presented itself here .
Many sci.space .tech readers may know enough mathematics to understand the undesirable “ wiggles ” that can be generated by high - order polynomial curve fits .
Under conceivable circumstances , the polynomial function computed by P64 could droop down , go beneath the lunar
surface , rise out of the surface , then descend to the target point !
If such a trajectory were computed during a real landing , and the LM were allowed to follow it , the LM would crash .
There was no logic coded in to detect this situation and prevent it .
No programming solution was ever found .
An example scenario where this disaster could have happened follows .
If the LM was off course , away from the terrain model stored in the computer , and flying over a deep crater , the landing radar would fool the computer into thinking the LM was higher relative to the mean surface than it previously assumed .
This could cause a newly computed polynomial trajectory to “ droop ” down sharply , unintentionally intersect the real lunar surface , then rise back out of the surface , inviting the LM to crash !
Allan said this problem could conceivably be remedied by an astute astronaut retargeting the landing point beyond the fuel range ( at least for a while ! ) .
What would the computer have done if the LM ’s descent engine quit cold a mile above the moon ?
The computer would not have initiated any automatic solutions .
Allan said the astronauts simply would have pressed an abort button , which would have jettisoned the descent stage and ignited the ascent engine for return to the CM .
I would like to thank Allan Klumpp for the time he spent explaining this stuff to me .
It was absolutely fascinating to hear him talk .
I hope sci.space .tech readers have enjoyed reading my description of Allan ’s comments . ”
- eof -
Like this : Like Loading ...
Run .
Think .
Shoot .
Live .
Source .
Black Mesa is the Half - Life 2 total conversion of the original Half - Life game .
Utilizing the Source engine and its endless array of possibilities and powers , Black Mesa will throw you into the world that started the Half - Life continuum and introduced Gordon Freeman to the world as a gun-toting , bullet - dodging Ph.D. in Theoretical Physics .
Communication Corner
Most companies and organizations of any size produce and distribute glossy brochures to enhance their image .
Most such publications are largely a waste because they are seldom read , even by employees and members of these companies and organizations .
But it does n't have to be that way .
Here is an approach to help ensure that such image brochures are actually worth the time and money expended on them .
...
Advertisements
The new issue of Newsweek features an interview with President Barack Obama where he , in part , discusses former vice president Dick Cheney ’s recent criticism of him .
Obama pointed out that Dick Cheney is still fighting the same battle on national security that he lost during the last few years of the Bush administration .
Here is what President Obama told Newsweek about Cheney criticism , “ You know , Dick Cheney had a strong perspective about national security .
It was tested in the early years of the Bush administration , and I think it resulted in a series of very bad decisions .
I think what ’s interesting is that , in some ways , Dick Cheney actually lost these arguments inside the Bush administration . ”
The president elaborated , “ And so he may have won early with Colin Powell and Condi Rice , but over the last two or three years of the Bush administration , I think there was a recognition among Republicans and Bush administration officials that these enhanced interrogation techniques that were being applied — that they had applied early on — were potentially counterproductive ; that a posture of never talking to our enemies , of unilateral action , of framing national security only in terms of the application of force , often unilateral — that that was n’t producing . ”
Advertisements
He continued , “ And so it ’s interesting to me to see the vice president spending so much time trying to vindicate himself and relitigate the last eight years when , as I said , I think , actually , a lot of these arguments were settled even before we took over the White House . ”
Obama brought up a really good point .
I am sure that most people remember that Dick Cheney continued to claim that there was a link between Iraq and al - Qaeda long after President Bush admitted that there was n’t .
Cheney also continued to make bogus WMD claims about Iraq long after it was clear that there were no WMDs in the country .
Even after the Iraq war spun out of control , and Cheney lost much of his influence over Bush ’s foreign policy , he continued to make the same arguments then that he is making today .
Cheney is an ideological warrior who is on a never ending quest for vindication .
Obama ’s description of Cheney as a man who still fighting battles that were already lost is not only appropriate , but also highly accurate .
You know you 've done things while driving besides driving .
Old ppl at the Times would like you to know : it 's bad , shame on you , and you should play our video game to see how good at it you are .
No , seriously , you 're way too distracted .
I know I am .
Things I can do while driving , at the same time :
Use a stick shift ,
smoke a cigarette ,
change CDs ,
drink a slurpee ,
and talk on the phone .
But is n't that talent , though ?
I could probably eat a cheeseburger , too - which some places actually encourage , especially on the West Coast , where In - N - Out will hand you your food in a box to eat " in your car " - but it would n't go well with the Cig and the Slurpee .
Apparently , this kind of thing is n't appreciated by The Olds at the Times , especially when teenagers do it :
" Extensive research shows the dangers of distracted driving .
Studies say that drivers using phones are four times as likely to cause a crash as other drivers , and the likelihood that they will crash is equal to that of someone with a .08 percent blood alcohol level , the point at which drivers are generally considered intoxicated .
Research also shows that hands - free devices do not eliminate the risks , and may worsen them by suggesting that the behavior is safe . "
So I guess what they 're saying is that it 's better to get behind the wheel kind of drunk than be on your phone .
Oh , and some places , it 's illegal .
Anyway , the only part of this Times article that 's revelatory in any regard ( because the entire thing is basically " if you 're doing anything but driving you 're going to crash , " which I think they teach you in Drivers Ed but do n't remember because I was napping ) is that the New York Times makes crafty videogames !
Amazing .
Basically , you have to use the numbers at the top of your keyboard ( not your keypad , because that would be cheating ) to pick out the " gate " your call will drive through while clicking letters on a phone with your mouse to simulate texting .
It 's pretty fun and you will laugh at how many times you crash into the gates , but also , how terrible of a simulation texting and driving is , particularly because the game has you changing five lanes every two seconds , but mostly because texting and driving is way easier than that , duh .
Besides which , it 's like your parents say : it 's not you you 're worried about .
It 's the other drivers .
The US Atlas Of Texting - While - Driving Laws [ Jalopnik ]
Drivers and Legislators Dismiss Cellphone Risks [ NYT ]
Silly New York Times Driving Video Game [ NYT ]
Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
Globe skimmers rest up Every year , millions of dragonflies fly thousands of kilometres across the sea from southern India to Africa .
So says a biologist in the Maldives , who claims to have discovered the longest migration of any insect .
If confirmed , the mass exodus would be the first known insect migration across open ocean water .
It would also dwarf the famous trip taken each year by Monarch butterflies , which fly just half the distance across the Americas .
Biologist Charles Anderson has published details of the mass migration in the Journal of Tropical Ecology .
Each year , millions of dragonflies arrive on the Maldive Islands , an event which is well known to people living there .
" But no - one I have spoken to knew where they came from , " says Anderson , an independent biologist who usually works with organisations such as the Maldivian Marine Research Centre to survey marine life around the islands .
This just illustrates how little we still know about the natural world
Biologist Charles Anderson
Their appearance is especially peculiar because the 1200 islands that make up the Maldives lie 500 to 1000 km from the mainland of southern India , and all are coral cays with almost no surface freshwater , which dragonflies need to complete their lifecycle .
Anderson noticed the dragonflies after he first arrived in the Maldives in 1983 .
He started keeping detailed records each year from 1996 and now collates data collected by local observers at other localities in the Maldives , in India and on vessels at sea .
When Anderson compared these observations with those made of dragonflies appearing in southern India , he found a clear progression of arrival dates from north to south , with dragonflies arriving first in southern India , then in the Republic of Maldives ' capital Male , and then on more southern atolls .
Each year , dragonflies first appear in Male between 4 and 23 October , with a mean arrival date of 21 October .
Dragonfly numbers peak in November and December , before the insects then disappear once more .
The insects arrive in waves , with each staying for no more than a few days .
Over 98 % of the dragonflies recorded on the islands are Globe skimmers ( Pantala flavescens ) , but Pale - spotted emperors ( Anax guttatus ) , Vagrant emperors ( A. ephippiger ) , Twisters ( Tholymis tillarga ) and Blue perchers ( Diplacodes trivialis ) also appear in some numbers .
The dragonflies then reappear between April and June .
Longest journey
The dragonflies are clearly migrating from India across the open sea to the Maldives , says Anderson .
" That by itself is fairly amazing , as it involves a journey of 600 to 800 km across the ocean , " he says .
Quite how they do it was a bit of a mystery , as in October at least they appear to be flying against the prevailing winds .
However , in October , and continuing into November and December , a weather system called the Inter - tropical Convergence Zone moves southwards over the Maldives .
Ahead of the ITCZ the wind blows towards India , but above and behind it the winds blow from India .
So it seems that the dragonflies are able to reach Maldives by flying on these winds at altitude above 1000 m .
HARDCORE FLYING
Globe skimmers are renowned for their ability to fly long - distances
They can fly up to 6300 m high , the highest of any dragonfly species
With a tailwind of 10 m per second , a dragonfly could cross from India to Male in 24 hours Maldivians consider the dragonflies ' arrival to be a harbinger of the north - east monsoon
But that is not the end of the animals ' epic adventure .
" As there is no freshwater in Maldives for dragonflies , what are they doing here ? " asks Anderson .
" I have also deduced that they are flying all the way across the western Indian Ocean to East Africa . "
Anderson has gathered a wealth of circumstantial evidence to back his claim .
Large numbers of dragonflies also start appearing in the northern Seychelles , some 2700 km from India , in November , and then in Aldabra in the Seychelles , 3800 km from India , in December .
That matches the slow southerly movement of the Inter - tropical Convergence Zone weather system , behind which winds blow steadily from India to East Africa .
It is also known that Globe skimmers appear in large numbers through eastern and southern Africa .
In Uganda , they appear twice each year in March or April and again in September , while further south in Tanzania and Mozambique they appear in December and January .
Record breakers
That strongly suggest that the dragonflies take advantage of the moving weather systems and monsoon rains to complete an epic migration from southern India to east and southern Africa , and then likely back again , a round trip of 14,000 to 18,000 km .
" The species involved breeds in temporary rainwater pools .
So it is following the rains , taking sequential advantage of the monsoon rains of India , the short rains of East Africa , the summer rains of southern Africa , the long rains of East Africa , and then back to India for the next monsoon , " says Anderson .
" It may seem remarkable that such a massive migration has gone unnoticed until now .
But this just illustrates how little we still know about the natural world . "
The monarch butterfly is often cited as having the longest migration of any insect , covering around 7000 km in an annual round trip from Mexico to southern Canada .
On average , it takes four generations of butterflies to complete the journey .
Anderson believes that the dragonflies survive the ocean flights by gliding on the winds , feeding on other small insects .
They too , take four generations to make the full round trip each year .
He says the migratory paths of a number of insect - eating bird species , including cuckoos , nightjars , falcons and bee-eaters , follow that of the dragonfly migration , from southern India to their wintering grounds in Africa .
That suggests the birds feed on the dragonflies as they travel .
" They [ fly ] at the same time and altitudes as the dragonflies .
And what has not been realised before is that all are medium - sized birds that eat insects , insects the size of dragonflies , " he says .
Extraordinary ability " There are earlier records of swarms of Globe skimmers flying out to sea , and at sea , " Anderson continues .
" But it was always assumed that those dragonflies were doomed .
Which says rather more about our earth - bound lack of imagination than it does about the globe skimmers ' extraordinary flying abilities . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
What is Kevin Saying ?
Last week , Politico published an analysis of Barack Obama ’s language .
The words he used most often were “ America ” , “ Health ” and “ Economy ” ( Politico included “ American ” in the count along with “ America ” ) .
This prompts the obvious question : what are the favourite words of our own Kevin Rudd ?
Fortunately , the prime minster ’s website publishes transcripts of all Kevin ’s public utterances ( although this does not include his speeches in parliament ) .
There is a lot there and the Stubborn Mule was lucky enough to have OldFuzz do the hard work , assembling over 400 pages of text constituting Kevin Rudd ’s speeches from 2009 .
If he has the time and inclination , prior years may follow .
And here is what it looks like as a word cloud .
It is no surprise that , just as Barrack Obama is fond of saying “ America ” and “ American ” , so too Kevin Rudd likes to say “ Australia ” and “ Australian ” .
He also throws in “ Australians ” reasonably frequently .
It seems in keeping with his public servant mandarin style that Rudd uses the word “ Government ” more liberally than does Obama .
While “ global ” , “ world ” , “ national ” , “ economy ” and “ economic ” are all appropriately big - picture words for a prime minister to be using .
There are a few intriguing words looming from the cloud .
It seems that Mr Rudd says “ also ” a lot .
Given that this analysis is case sensitive* , we can also glean that Rudd frequently starts his sentences with the word “ Building ” .
It may seem fleeting strange that the word “ cent ” appears so prominently , but then again it is matched in size by the word “ per ” , so we are just seeing common use of “ per cent ” not some homespun wisdom about watching the small denominations of money .
So , peruse the cloud at your leisure and make of it what you will .
Of course , please share your thoughts in the comment section below .
UPDATE : an abridged version of this post has appeared on The Punch .
* Here is a case - insensitive version of the word cloud .
Possibly Related Posts ( automatically generated ) :
Welcome to the world of remote work .
Beware , it ’s not for the uninitiated , and this is why I wanted to share a few tips that I ’ve picked up from over a decade of both working remotely as well as managing remote teams .
I ’m hoping these tips help people who may find themselves in this position for the first time .
I wanted to share a few highlights without getting too deep .
I ’m a huge fan of remote work .
To me , it solves the staffing challenges of a company in allowing them to source the best talent for their positions and not locking them to a geographic region .
It ’s certainly not perfect , and not all candidates are well suited to the self - discipline required , but then again , working in an office is far from perfect as well .
The perception of remote work can be negative to companies that do n’t focus on innovation .
What these companies do n’t realize is that you can see an increase in both productivity and creativity with a remote workforce .
The downside is , if it ’s poorly managed , it can be a negative that reinforces this perception .
Know Yourself
The first step in remote work is knowing yourself .
This knowledge is n’t through some deep philosophical meaning , but know your habits and who you are .
This insight will be different for everyone .
For example , if you are easily distracted , you wo n’t have the environment of a workplace to reign you back in .
If you naturally spend too much time on social media , then you need to block those notifications during periods of work time .
This situation seems simple enough to conceptualize , but some may find it hard to implement .
Inventory your distractions and come up with a plan .
For each of the items you identify as potential blockers to productivity , it ’s good to have some tool , control , or mindset in place to keep you in check .
This is step number one , and if you do n’t have it down , you may be in for a bad time .
The good news is that after a while , a new habit will form , and some of this blocking will be second nature .
Separate Your Work Environment
Maintain a separate work environment .
This way , you can keep your head in the right spot when you are working from home .
A separate work area also gives you the feeling of “ going to work . ”
I ca n’t imagine a lot of productivity would come out of lying in bed with your laptop and the TV on .
I ’m lucky enough to have a home office , with a large monitor , an open desk and a comfortable chair .
These are items that help me flex my creativity and separate me from the normal mindset of doing other home - based activities .
If you do n’t have enough room to have a dedicated office , then choose a room that you “ go to ” for work .
I also suggest something , such as an external monitor or mouse and keyboard that makes it feel like a workplace .
If you have a family or children , they must understand you are “ at work . ”
I do n’t have this problem , but I know others that do .
When possible , close the door on your workspace or set some other signal that you are working .
If you are in an incredibly cramped space , close to family members , I suggest headphones .
Let your family members know and understand this signal to minimize interruptions .
If it ’s not possible to go long periods without interruption , consider working in sprints for as many hour - long blocks as you can .
Keep a Schedule , Keep a Mindset
If you do n’t feel like you are at work , you wo n’t produce like you are at work .
This is where the previous point knowing yourself can play a significant role .
It ’s best to keep a routine because after all , you are going to work , you are just cutting out the pesky commute .
Wake up , shower , get dressed , do all of the same things that you would do if you were going to a workplace .
You do n’t need to put on formal clothing , but pajamas probably wo n’t make you feel productive either .
I live in Florida , and in case you have n’t heard , it gets hot down here .
So it ’s true when I wake up , part of my getting dressed may involve wearing a pair of shorts , but they are n’t the same ones I wore to bed , and that ’s the point about getting into the work mindset .
Another thing that goes along with keeping a schedule is your health .
Use a fitness tracker to remind you to stand up every hour and help maintain a routine of movement .
Another thing I do is jog daily .
Just as important as keeping a separate workspace , is making sure you get away from that workspace .
Other than the health benefits of getting exercise , I find that without the distraction of digital devices , my mind works out problems differently .
I ’ve solved many problems and came up with countless ideas , all while lost in my thoughts during my daily jog .
My daily jog is critical to not only my creative process but to my problem solving as well .
Increase focus and minimize distractions
It ’s imperative to understand your sources of distractions and minimize their impact as much as possible .
Avoiding activities that are time sinks is great not only for general life but critical during the workday .
Whatever your poison is , do n’t partake during working hours .
Also , refer back to the previous comment about family members .
If you are easily distracted , try using a Pomodoro timer and slicing your activities up into small chunks where you can focus on them .
Prioritize your activities using the methodology of your choice and break those off into chunks that make the most sense .
Always have an idea of what you need to accomplish that day or that week and make progress .
Utilize The Tools You Have
What remote collaboration tools do you have at your disposal ?
Inventory those and make the best use of them .
Chose the best tool for the task , whether it be document collaboration , chat , video conferencing , or even remote brainstorming .
Stay organized for both yourself and your team .
One issue with remote teams is never knowing where anything is .
Try to organize documents in a single location to cut down on the amount of confusion and additional questions .
If you can preemptively cut down on the amount of unnecessary communication through preparation , then you have won a battle .
Have a great task manager that runs on all your devices .
You ’ll find that information comes at you fast and from multiple sources .
Having a great task manager syncs across all your devices will help ensure that things do n’t get missed .
Know Your Team
Along with knowing your tools , know your team members and how they like to work and communicate .
Match the preferred method of communication .
People may prefer email , text , or maybe a phone call .
Matching the preferred communication method will cut down on frustration as well as the amount of additional communication necessary to share a point .
Use The Phone
Yes , that thing you hold in your hand used to be a thing people utilized to send their voice to the ears of other people .
It ’s easy to get carried away communicating with text , chat , and email , but sometimes it ’s easier to pick up the phone .
Text communications can be hard to convey tone , and your tone can be misinterpreted .
Often , a quick phone call can solve a lot of problems and save a lot of back and forth .
Do n’t be afraid to use that device for its original intent .
Be Clear
Find ways to improve your communication .
Nobody wants to read a tome in their inbox .
Get to what ’s important quickly and at the beginning of the email .
Strive for the right balance of brevity and completeness .
Keep in mind that the email may be on the screen of a mobile device .
If you must write a long email and you are sending it to a decision - maker , try to put a few summary bullets up top or some important takeaways .
Also , let the recipient know the message requires some action from them .
This summary will increase the possibility of your email being read and show that you understand the value of the time of the person reading it .
In Closing
Welcome to the remote workforce .
With the right balance of skills , tools , and discipline , you can increase your creativity and productivity .
Hopefully , you found these tips useful .
A new lie enters the health care debate .
This time , FOX “ News ” has taken a pamphlet created by the Bush Administration , a pamphlet that Bush used up until the final months of his presidency ( even though FOX claimed he “ pulled it ” long before that ) , and FOX claims that the pamphlet is a “ death book ” urging disabled vets to die .
NOTE FROM JOHN :
We ’ve all been arguing for a while now that the Democrats need to give FOX a swift kick in the ass .
Yet they keep going on FOX shows .
The President , and Democrats , needs to get tough with FOX , and with the Republicans overall , or they ’re going to continue with this crap .
FOX
News needs to be kicked out of the White House if this is the kind of thing they ’re going to say on the air .
Just do n’t give them access to anyone in the administration or any of the Dems in Congress – do n’t let them travel on presidential trips – then see who ’s going to want to work at a TV network that has no one to interview for the next four to eight years .
As for the Republicans more generally , at some point the President needs to stand up and knock their blocks off over this stuff .
Show some anger .
Show some backbone .
“ Be a man , ” as the no-longer - PC , but still accurate , saying goes .
Fact sheet rebuttals are nice , and helpful , but sometimes you just have to punch a guy in the face .
( The balls work nicely too . )
And , Media Matters destroys it :
These liars are shameless .
They are the base of the GOP .
And , they are obviously in no mood for bipartisanship .
Michael Jordan Top 23 Career Highlights
Watch the 23 most memorable moments of the legendary career of Michael Jordan .
Check back daily as new videos are released , all leading up to his induction into the Basketball Hall of Fame .
guide to the philosophy of mind
Since 1997
I have been philosophy of mind editor for the Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy , with coeditors Daniel Stoljar ( since 2003 ) , Susanna Siegel ( since 2013 ) , and Alex Byrne , Amy Kind , and Jeff Speaks ( since 2015 ) .
By now we have accumulated enough entries in the philosophy of mind that it ’s the equivalent of a pretty definitive reference work in the field .
I have a certain pride in this , as the editors put a lot of work into the editing of each entry , and most of the entries are superb guides to their topics .
I thought it would make sense to gather all these in one place , as a useful reference for those who are especially interested in the philosophy of mind .
The first list below includes the entries classified under “ philosophy of mind ” in the encyclopedia , edited by me or by one of the other philosophy of mind editors .
The second list includes some relevant entries from other areas , especially philosophy of cognitive science ( edited by Barbara von Eckardt and Shaun Nichols ) , but also metaphysics , epistemology , philosophy of language , and philosophy of action .
Note that the unlinked entries are still in progress .
SEP Philosophy of Mind entries
hope ( Titus Stahl and Claudia Boeser )
Russellian monism ( Torin Alter and Derk Pereboom )
Other relevant SEP entries
NEW YORK ( Billboard ) - Ashley Tisdale knows it sounds silly , but her new album has a lot to do with the color of her hair .
Cast member Ashley Tisdale poses at the premiere of the movie " High School Musical 3 : Senior Year " at Galen Center in Los Angeles October 16 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Mario Anzuoni
“ For the last few years everyone has thought of me as Sharpay , ” the 23 - year - old singer / actor says , referring to her blonde - and - bubbly character in Disney ’s smash “ High School Musical ” films .
“ So after I ’d finished all the promotion for ‘ High School Musical 3 ’
I dyed my hair back to its original color .
I ’d been a blonde for five years ; Disney wanted us to be those characters .
But the new songs I was working on felt edgier , sort of back to how I was before ‘ High School Musical . ’
I wanted to show people a side of me they have n’t seen before . ”
Tisdale accomplishes that -- well , sort of -- on “ Guilty Pleasure , ” due July 28 from Warner Bros .
Like her 2007 debut , “ Headstrong ” ( which , according to Nielsen SoundScan , has sold 471,000 copies in the United States ) , the new 14 - track set offers plenty of catchy choruses and lyrics about boys .
But with songwriting and production credits from “ American Idol ” judge Kara DioGuardi , among others , “ Guilty Pleasure ” is a more mature , guitar - driven outing than the dance - pop “ Headstrong . ”
In the opener , “ Acting Out , ” she promises to “ break these chains ” over driving bubble - punk drums , while the lead single , “ It ’s Alright , It ’s OK , ” could be the younger sister of Pink ’s “ So What . ”
“ A lot of the songs on the album are about survival and staying strong , ” says Tisdale , who co-wrote four cuts .
“ I really wanted it to be a statement and a reflection of what I ’ve been through over the past year and how I ’ve grown up . ”
Warner Bros. senior VP of marketing David Grant says the first component of the label ’s album rollout was revealing Tisdale ’s new look with a relaunch of her Web site in March and the cover of Cosmopolitan ’s April issue .
“ We wanted to create a conversation and then follow quickly with the music , ” he says .
According to Grant , “ High School Musical ” fans have aged along with Tisdale , and they still constitute a significant portion of her audience .
“ But she ’s taken it beyond that , too , ” he says .
For “ Headstrong ” the label targeted tweens ; this time , “ we ’re definitely looking to teenage girls . ”
Social - networking technology plays a central role in the label ’s plans to reach that demographic .
Tisdale is an especially avid Twitterer , with more than 750,000 followers .
“ She ’s very protective of it in terms of it sounding authentic , ” according to Warner Bros. senior VP of new media Jeremy Welt .
“ There have been a couple of times where we ’ve said to her , ‘ Hey , why do n’t you mention so - and - so ? ’ and she ’s told us , ‘ I would n’t say that . ’ ”
( What would she say ?
One recent Tweet read , “ Happy fathers day !!!
Goin to dinner with my family and the most amazing dad ever !
I love you daddy ! ” )
Facebook and MySpace also figure into Warner ’s new - media campaign , the latter particularly as an “ important streaming partner , ” Welt says .
MySpace is streaming two tracks from “ Guilty Pleasure , ” and Grant expects the site to feature the entire album before release date .
In the realm of retail , Grant says Target and Wal - Mart will sell exclusive editions of the album with bonus material , while a direct - to - consumer version will feature six posters and two extra songs .
Once “ Guilty Pleasure ” is out , Tisdale says she hopes to tour the United States and Europe ( where the set was released earlier this month ) .
“ This album is so important to me , ” she says .
“ I really want to support it as much as I can .
You put your heart and soul into something and it makes you a little bit vulnerable .
It is who I am -- hopefully people will like that . ”
The Wii Revolution has succeeded .
Everyone knows this .
What was once doubted and mocked now dominates and broadly entertains .
But a major
Wii struggle , made relevant again by the pending release of Wii Sports Resort , has hidden in plain sight .
Advertisement
This stumble in Nintendo's stride has gained little attention as its competitors chase its dust .
It 's about the key tool for movement in this big gaming movement .
The original promise of the Wii's controller , the Wii Remote , was that it would augur a revolution in game control , a Motion Control Revolution .
Advertisement
Yet nearly three years later , with the Wii Sports ' sequel , Wii Sports Resort , on the verge of its U.S. release , the triumph of the Motion Control Revolution is debatable at best .
At the very moment when the wisdom of releasing the Wii is beyond dispute , it can be argued that the Motion Control Revolution has stalled — failed even — and that Wii Sports Resort is the next best hope ( the last one ? ) to save it .
First shown at a game conference in Tokyo in September of 2005 , the Wii Remote was going to make imitation swordsmen and dentists of us all .
It was going to turn us into sharpshooters and champion fishermen , or so Nintendo 's video sizzle reel hyped .
When Wii Sports was released in November 2006 , that Motion Control Revolution seemed assured .
We swung the Remote like a tennis racket and heaved it like a bowling ball .
Those motions first delighted our families at holiday gatherings and then an audience at The Oscars .
Day after day , the anchors of cable news seemed charmed to play a game on a console whose name they struggled to pronounce .
Yet , since the Wii Remote birthed the great Wii Sports , it 's no stretch to claim that the revolutionary Remote has spawned no other great motion control games .
That 's Nintendo's hidden stumble , this struggle for the motion - sensitivity of the Wii Remote to prove itself the equal of traditional button and stick controls , to say nothing of establishing itself as the superior option .
Gamers groan at the flimsy motion controls mapped to action games .
A shake of a hand replaces what could have been the press of a button .
In game after game , motion control presents a different option , but one that seldom seems better .
Advertisement
As right as Nintendo was about so many things , maybe it was wrong about this .
Or , as is so often the case with Nintendo 's Wii project , the failure here may be one of critical imagination .
That happens .
Forty years ago on Monday , a human being first stepped on the moon , and what people assumed would happen in the next four decades — trips to Mars , cities in space — have not been built .
The guessers often guess wrong .
Advertisement
The future we may have expected in 2006 — of a 2007 and beyond filled with motion - based greats manipulated with a Wii Remote — has not come to pass .
The lightsaber , magic wand and music - conducting Wii games we expected were made .
But they felt constrained and inaccurate .
Mario and Zelda have not been transformed into adventures of motion - based brilliance .
Magnificent as that motion control in Wii Sports was , the ability to let a player control their game by swinging the Wii Remote appears to have inspired little confidence and limited mastery even in some of the world 's most expert game creators .
Even in Wii Fit , the great successor to Wii Sports , the Wii Remote was all but relegated to a laser pointer used to select menu options .
Meanwhile , the mechanism for the game 's motion was the Balance Board , a controller inspired by a bathroom scale .
Advertisement
Other Wii designers minimized their use of the Wii Remote 's motion control even more .
Chart - topper Super Smash Brothers played without it .
Blockbusters Mario Kart Wii and Guitar
Hero tucked it away in shells shaped like wheels and guitars , doing little to convince anyone that motion control was a must .
Advertisement
A new Zelda down - played it .
A new Mario limited its motion - control element , as have so many Wii games , to the occasional vibration of a player 's right hand .
This fall 's New Super Mario Bros .
Wii , made in the two years since the last Wii Mario , uses motion control no more than the last .
Some games have used the Remote 's motion control aggressively .
MadWorld , No More Heroes and Manhunt 2 harnessed its potential for violence .
Wii Music marshaled motion for musicality .
Boom Blox made it the mechanism for hurling baseballs at stubborn bricks .
But fun as some of those games were , they were not hits .
Advertisement
In that dust behind Nintendo 's Wii , Microsoft and Sony are in the chase .
Last month they revealed their own Motion Controllers , tied to cameras and , in the Xbox 's case with Project Natal , absent the need for players to hold anything in their hands .
One wonders if the companies have noticed Nintendo 's struggles with motion control amidst the Wii 's triumphs .
The use of arm and body movements to play games has not proven a game - changer in and of itself .
By making games more appealing a wider audience , its been a component of a bigger change .
But it 's also been a red herring .
Designers borrowing ideas from Wii Sports had had better success drawing from the game 's accessibility than strictly from its motion controls .
The simplicity of its design made Wii Sports approachable , streamlined and friendly , the least intimidating game many people had played since Pac - Man .
It has one of the shortest gaps between being turned on and being fun .
These have been its smarter qualities — and have revealed that the genius of the Wii Remote may not be its swing but its shape .
It can be understood when seen from across a room and clearly it 's no threat .
Advertisement
If the lack of games doing great things with motion control was one sign of trouble for the Motion Control Revolution , another was last summer 's revelation that Nintendo was building a gadget that would enhance / repair / improve the Remote 's motion - sensitivity .
Bundled with copies of next Sunday 's Wii Sports Resort and made to be plugged into the base of a Wii Remote , the Motion Plus add - on is , in Resort , a necessary attachment for better sword - swinging , archery , bowling , golf and more .
A swing is a swing and a flick is a flick , and the controller feels like it finally knows — instead of merely simplifies — how the player is moving .
Advertisement
After years of playing games made during Nintendo's era of the Remote , playing Wii Sports Resort with Motion Plus attached suggests that we 've been using a tool that was too blunt for the task .
It is a technological success but also an admission by its manufacturers that the original Wii Remote was not capable of the motions we imagined — or that were teased in that sizzle reel .
Wii Sports Resort has greatness in it .
A couple of days playing it — of going back for more and more — reveals it to be another joyful construction , a game with plenty of fun to share .
The necessary bolting on of MotionPlus could be proof that , like Wii Fit or Guitar Hero , the greatest , most accessible motion - based games needs a unique device of its own , a controller shaped to the actions and fantasies of the game it supports .
Wii Sports Resort suggests that for all the virtues of the Wii Remote 's simplicity , it was too simple on its own to enable a line of games made great by its motion control .
Advertisement
By exposing what 's been wrong with it , Wii Sports Resort may be the game to save the Motion Control Revolution .
( All images via Nintendo of America 's press site .
Super Smash Bros. player image from Nintendo / Stuart Ramson )
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The bad news about state budgets just keeps getting worse .
Only three weeks into the new fiscal year , gaps are already opening up .
And the shortfalls are only expected to grow .
" If you think legislators are breathing a sigh of relief because their budgets are passed , think again , " said William Pound , executive director of the National Conference of State Legislatures .
State legislators and governors had to contend with deficits totaling $ 142.6 billion as they closed out fiscal 2009 , which ended on June 30 for 46 states , according to the conference .
Three states have yet to pass balanced budgets for fiscal 2010 , as officials tussle over painful budget cuts and tax increases .
But even some states that approved budgets are going back to the drawing board as revenues drop faster and more sharply than they had estimated .
Legislators from around the country , who are meeting in Philadelphia , gathered Tuesday to discuss their common plight .
Gallows humor was abundant , according to Corina Eckl , director of the conference 's fiscal program .
An Arizona official joked that the state 's financial plight is comparable to the Grand Canyon , while an Illinois legislator said his state 's budget situation is so scary , it 's best told around a campfire at night .
" The revenue forecasts are continuing to underperform even the most pessimistic of projections , " Eckl said .
" There 's still a lot of this ahead of us . "
At least 12 states and the District of Columbia are confronting gaps totaling $ 24 billion in budgets already adopted , according the Center for Budget Policy and Priorities , which focuses on policies affecting low - and moderate - income families and tracks state budgets .
In a sign of what other states may have to contend with , California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and lawmakers have reached a compromise to close a $ 26 billion budget gap .
The spending plan , however , is anything but pretty and has raised the ire of many groups within the state .
The agreement , which was approved Friday by the state legislature , calls for slashing $ 15.5 billion in spending , including some massive cuts to education , social services and corrections , as well as borrowing $ 2 billion from local government , shifting money from other funds and other accounting gimmicks .
Surprise revenue drops
Vermont legislators were disappointed to learn last week that a $ 28 million gap has opened in their $ 1 billion budget , which lawmakers approved in early June after overriding the governor 's veto .
The state has already cut more than $ 100 million in spending over the last five quarters , said Rep. Michael Obuchowski , chair of the legislature 's joint fiscal committee .
To balance the budget , officials hiked taxes and fees by $ 50 million .
" We 're getting to the point where we 're going into the marrow , " he said .
" We will have to look at whole programs and furloughs .
There is n't anything easy left . "
Gov. Jim Douglas , who became the first Vermont governor ever to veto a budget , will propose ways to eliminate the shortfall in coming weeks , said spokeswoman Dennise Casey .
The governor has criticized lawmakers for passing an unsustainable budget .
Tough decisions
Colorado officials , who finalized the state 's fiscal 2010 budget in May , found out they were facing a $ 384 million deficit just days before the start of the new year .
" This means essential and important state services will be reduced even more , impacting the safety net that protects families in every corner of the state , and challenging our ability to invest education , health care and infrastructure , " wrote Gov. Bill Ritter Jr. in a newspaper op - ed piece Monday .
Officials already squeezed $ 1.4 billion out of the fiscal 2009 and fiscal 2010 budgets by taking other painful steps .
Among them : closing a women 's prison , reducing the state 's workforce , lowering rates for doctors providing Medicaid services and temporarily eliminating a senior property tax break .
They also depended heavily on using federal stimulus funds , tapping into other state funds and dipping into reserves .
Even though the state has had to take these measures , Colorado has considered itself relatively lucky , said Evan Dreyer , the governor 's spokesman .
Though it is certainly affected by the national recession , Colorado 's unemployment rate has remained relatively steady at 7.6 % , nearly two percentage points below the national level .
Now , the more difficult decisions must be made .
Ritter has asked all state agencies to determine how they would cut 10 % of their budgets .
State employees , who must take four furlough days , wo n't get raises before July 2011 .
" Cuts in this plan will be deep and painful , " Ritter said .
How has President Obama 's $ 787 billion stimulus program affected you or your community ?
Are you seeing a benefit from the Making Work Pay tax cuts or the additional $ 25 in unemployment benefits ?
Are you seeing construction jobs or other stimulus - funded work in your neighborhood ?
Do you still have a job because of stimulus funds ?
We want to hear your experiences .
E-mail your story to realstories@cnnmoney.comand you could be part of an upcoming article .
For the CNNMoney.com Comment Policy , click here .
[ Reid ] wrote in to show us how to add a second hard drive to his Macbook Pro .
He found that he hardly ever used his DVD drive , so sacrificed it in favor of added storage .
What he found was that it had a proprietary adapter that he was unable to find for sale anywhere .
Making an adapter may seem like a pretty simple hack , but this could save some people considerable time .
Its also worth noting that upgrading the firmware got him an 18 % speed increase , so do n’t ignore those updates .
We do n’t see too many mac hacks around here , you may recall the mac tablet hacks and the logo monitor .
" Piled Higher and Deeper " ( PhD ) is the comic strip about life ( or the lack thereof ) in academia .
" Piled Higher and Deeper " the comic strip has appeared in The Stanford Daily for the past nine years , and in the MIT , Carnegie Mellon University and Caltech newspapers among others .
The strip has appeared or been featured in the journal Nature , the Chronicle of Higher Education , IEEE Potentials magazine , Math Horizons magazine , Stanford Magazine and Canada 's The Peer Review magazine among others , and has been linked to by USA Today 's and The Washington Posts websites .
Three collections of the strips have been published : " Piled Higher and Deeper : A Graduate Student Comic Strip Collection " ( ISBN 0-9721695-0 - 4 ) was first published in June 2002 , and collects the first five years of the strip ; " Life is tough and then you graduate : The second collection of Piled Higher and Deeper comic strips " ( ISBN 0-9721695-2-0 ) was published in April 2005 and collects the sixth , seventh and eight years ; " Scooped !
The
It always better to play safe , especially with things like cars .
You might be paying what is according to you , a very reasonable price with your person at present .
Even if you think that the price is very reasonable , you have nothing to lose by going to other insurance companies and comparing quotes for car insurance .
But it is always the best thing to do , that is , drivers should always known the market situation when it comes to insurance and they should also know how much others are paying as compared to them .
Not only is it advisable to do it once , one should go out in the market and do this analysis on a frequent note .
There are 5 points on which quotes should be compared .
These 5 points are based on who , what . , when , where and why .
Who ?
This is about who should do the market analysis .
Do not think that you should not do it .
You and every other car driver should go and compare the price that he or she is paying with the other prices of car insurance that others are paying in the market .
All drivers , whether new ones or even older drivers , everyone should compare carrier prices .
If you find that another carrier is offering you a lesser price , then you should go ahead with the new company .
What process ?
Here is the process where you should sit down with the list of all the quotes that you have collected from the market .
You have to give out certain information which are about the driver and the vehicle .
Once these questions are answered , the website will send you quotes which are accurate and will be tailored to your needs .
You can go through this entire process at least four to five times .
All you or the driver has to do is to change the coverage answers .
Once you get the desired number of quotes you can sit down and compare and then once you have made your decision with the company of your choice then you can buy the specified policy .
When should you compare ?
One of the times you should compare quotes from different companies is when you see that your carrier has hiked the price as a result of the hike in the company itself .
Remember that the carrier will only do so if they see that they have paid too many claims and their profit has dipped .
Also keep your eyes and ears open .
If you see that someone else you know is paying a lower price than you are , then you should go ahead and do the market comparison .
Where ?
You can conduct the comparison of the quotes on different websites that are available like onlineautoinsurance.com .
The process is complimentary and very simple to carry out .
Why should you ?
The main reason for comparing these quotes is to save your hard earned money and also time .
The process of taking down quotes from different companies is very easy and also takes very less time .
August 10 , 2009 ( WASHINGTON ) — A Sudanese female journalist who has recently stirred a row following charges of “ indecent ” clothing , has been placed on a travel ban list by authorities .
Lubna Hussein , a former journalist and U.N. press officer , talks to the media outside the court after her trial in Sudan ’s capital Khartoum August 4 , 2009 ( Reuters )
Lubna Ahmed Hussein told Sudan Tribune by phone from Khartoum that she was notified of the ban as she was at the airport to on Monday night board a Lebanon - bound plane in response to an invitation by Middle East Broadcasting Channel ( MBC ) .
Last week a Sudanese court adjourned Hussein ’s case to request an opinion from the foreign ministry on whether she enjoys immunity as UN Mission in Sudan ( UNMIS ) employee despite resigning from that post prior to the trial .
The Sudanese journalist arrested at a restaurant with other girls , faces 40 lashes and a fine of 250 Sudanese pounds ( 100 dollars ) if found guilty .
Hussein said that the airport security officers took her passport and pulled her aside informing her that she is on a list of individuals not allowed to leave the country .
The Sudanese journalist was given no explanation and her request for a written notification of the travel ban was turned down .
Her case has drawn intensive international attention and embarrassment to Khartoum as she publicly challenged the Sudanese authorities to carry out the flogging saying it is a degradation to women in her country .
Hussein said she wants the penal code containing the “ indecency ” clothing provisions repealed .
French president Nicolas Sarkozy vowed in a public letter he wrote in response to a query from the leader of the French Communist Party , Marie - George Buffet , to support Hussein ’s case , praising her courage .
The UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon also expressed “ concern ” over Hussein ’s case .
Sudanese officials have criticized the media coverage of the case accusing unspecified parties of using it for political reasons .
( ST )
Interior photography
Whether it ’s a restaurant , apartment , office , villa , hotel or resort , interior photography requires attention to detail and perfect lighting and I take pride in photographing and showcasing beautiful spaces in Dubai , the entire United Arab Emirates and the wider region .
Interior photography portfolio
Architectural photography Photographing architecture has been my first love with photography and when I get an assignment to photograph a beautiful structure I take great care in showcasing it in the best light possible .
Recent projects have taken me to Riyadh in Saudi Arabia , Kuwait and Qatar .
Architecture photography portfolio
Boris Johnson , the mayor of London , is seeking government approval to place mirrors at traffic lights to prevent collisions by revealing cyclists and pedestrians hidden in lorries ' blind spots .
Transport for London confirmed it is in talks with the Department for Transport to get the go ahead for the so - called " Trixi " mirrors in light of a series of accidents involving lorries turning left at junctions .
Johnson , who has described himself as " militant " in his desire to promote cycling in the capital , wants to improve cycle safety because of concerns that his campaign to quadruple the number of cycle trips between 2000 and 2025 could result in a big increase in accidents .
Of the 15 cyclists who died on the capital 's roads last year , nine were killed in collisions with lorries .
In most cases the lorry was turning left and the driver failed to see the cyclist on their inside , according to TfL .
Press reports have so far picked up five cyclists killed by lorries in London this year , according to the London Cycling Campaign .
The proposed mirror would give the driver , who will be looking at the traffic signals as they wait for the lights to change , a clear view of anyone between the lorry and the kerb , or those just below the front of their vehicle .
TfL is keen to try out the mirror scheme ahead of the first two " cycle superhighways " due to be completed next May , which are designed to provide safe , direct and continuous routes into central London from the outer boroughs and encourage commuters on to their bikes .
A TfL spokeswoman said : " TfL is currently in discussion with the DfT [ Department for Transport ] about trialing Trixi mirrors on the Transport for London road network .
We are hoping to have a trial concluded before the start of the cycle superhighways pilot routes . "
Another 10 routes , spanning London and intended to improve the capital 's cycling infrastructure , are being developed before 2012 , with each route covering between 10 and 15 km ( between six and nine miles ) .
Last month , the mayor inadvertently drew attention to the need to improve cycle safety after experiencing a close shave with a lorry as he and his team were out on their bikes inspecting cycling facilities .
Charlie Lloyd , LCC 's cycling development officer and a former HGV driver , welcomed the mirrors plan but said that it was also important to educate lorry drivers about coping with their blind spots .
Lloyd claimed road haulage for the construction industry had the worst rate for deaths and injuries involving cyclists , pedestrian and motorcyclists .
" We would like to develop driver awareness programmes so that companies could buy in some training for their drivers around cyclists and pedestrians , " he said .
TfL figures suggest there are 545,000 cycle trips each day – more than double the number in 2000 .
The Original Cylon and The Original Droid
I recently visited the Tate Modern museum while in London and wandered deep into the Futurism exhibit .
I strongly recommend you check it out , especially if you are a fan of Battlestar Galactica or Star Wars .
There ’s a wild and ominous sculpture from 1913 - 4 created by Sir Jacob Epstein using a rock drill .
It was meant to invoke a robust , sentient “ man-robot ” from the future — and certainly it could be interpreted as a premonition of how our obsession with and reliance on technology could strip us of our souls — but following the carnage he saw from World War I , the artist later cut the figure down from full - length to bust size , neutering its potential power .
I wonder if new BSG / Cylon designer Eric Chu saw this , or if the producers and designers of the original series ever found inspiration in it ?
Imagine Sir Jacob ’s piece with a shorter neck , then compare it with the image of the BSG baddie below .
The first thing I thought when I gazed upon this work was , “ Cylon ! ”
But then other people alerted me to the fact that this sculpture also mirrors and predates certain Star Wars battle droids , and then I thought , “ General Grievous ! ”
Seems like George Lucas and his people may also been impressed by this piece of art .
( See the bottom photo , then compare to an image of the original , full body sculpture found here . )
Of his sculpture , entitled Torso in Metal from ‘ The Rock Drill ’ , Sir Jacob once wrote : “ It was in the experimental pre-war days of 1913 that I was fired to do the rock - drill , and my ardour for machinery ( short - lived ) expended itself upon the purchase of an actual drill … and upon this I made and mounted a machine - like robot , visored , menaning , and carrying within itself its progeny , protectively ensconsed .
Here is the armed , sinister figure of today and tomorrow .
No humanity , only the terrible Frankenstein ’s monster we have made ourselves into …Later I lost my interest in machinery and discarded the drill .
I cast in metal only the upper part of the figure . ”
Let ’s hope that when we get to the point of contemplating the designs for our own Cylons or battle droids that we take Sir Jacob ’s regression one step further and destroy the mold altogether .
If there ’s anything sci - fi fans should have learned by now , it ’s that certain machines are untrustworthy and even dangerous to our humanity , no matter how sleek or cool they look .
in
For those who like their villains sinister , sleazy and self - righteous , not to mention depredatory , you 've definitely got to check out this article by Peter Stanford about Father Marcial Maciel Degollado , a close advisor to Pope John Paul II and the founder of the ultraconservative Legion of Christ .
Targeting and then brainwashing the young and naive , forcing them to take a unique private vow to never speak ill of their revered leader , this Marcial Maciel Degollado guy ran his order just like a secret ( personality ) cult .
Everything about life in this religious order / cult was dictated by the whim of the leader , right down to how to properly eat fruits and vegetables .
Seriously .
Not only that .
It would seem this " narcissistic sociopath " also rode around in a Mercedes , racked up loads of frequent flier miles on the Concorde and enjoyed luxurious stays in five - star hotels , all the while only drinking Evian water and " for medical reasons " only eating steak or a specific type of chicken that had to be flown in from Spain .
Spain , it should be noted , is also the home to the one child he is officially acknowledged to have fathered some 23 years ago ( yes , at the same time he was a top advisor to the Pope ) .
Oh yeah , and over the years this holy / wholly self - absorbed buffoon , who claimed to " have never said no to God " , also molested " more than 20 and less than 100 " children as well .
And what of the larger church in all of this ?
Well , for 30 long years , from 1976 - when the first former victim came forward - until 2006 , the Vatican did everything in its power to protect and coddle this pedophilic megalomaniac .
All the while showing absolutely no concern whatsoever for his victims .
Church Priorities and Concerns
You may say this is just another typical story about the Catholic Church , one we 've all heard many times before .
And in many ways you'd be right .
But , still , Stanford 's article is particularly fascinating for all the disturbing details it reveals as well as the vivid picture it paints of the Church 's priorities and concerns .
Try to fight against horrific social injustice like all the priests involved in the Liberation Theology movement and the Church will do all it can to silence you , up to and including excommunication .
Sexually abuse scores of young children and you still get to be a top advisor to the Pope ( even with your pedophilia being a well - known fact to His Holiness ) .
God 's priorities indeed .
Well , that is , if you consider God 's priorities to include diddling young children with religious fervor .
Here 's the link to the article .
And for those of you who do n't like to read such nasty things about the Church , all I 've got to say to you is - to quote the most famous of famous books - the truth shall set you free :
A secret shame : Inside the latest scandal to rock the Catholic church
Mike Cowie ( Oredakedo )
Tuesday , July 21st , 2009
If you enjoyed the above piece then you 'll probably enjoy this one as well : How Do You Solve A Problem Like Benny ?
And these too :
Excommunicate
This !!
The Misogyny Running Wild Rant
Ridiculous & Religulous : Yet Another Catholic Sex Abuse Scandal & Bill Maher 's Take On Religion
The Godless Super Bowl Rant
What If : The Sex and Hunger Rant
Touching The Untouchables # 5 : Pedophile God
Touching The Untouchables # 7 : The Pope
" Loving God " Is Comin ' Out Of The Closet - The X'mas Special
The Don't Thank God For The Lunacy of The Runaway Ego Rant
Or you may enjoy these recent political rants instead :
Canada : Top Ten Things To Love and Hate
The War On Terror Charade : 14 - Year - Old Terrorists and The Fight For Western Civilization
Imagine : A Common Sense Justice System That Frowns On Police Brutality
For more on Politics click here : Politics
For more on Religion click here : Religion
Despite scouring the Shanghai Motor
Show floor for two days , somehow we managed to miss this god-awful mash - up of two known super car enemies , the Audi R8 and Ferrari F430 .
Shame on you Tong Jian S11 for not telling us .
According to China Car Times , the development of the Tong Jian S11 is nearly complete , but details surrounding the hybrid - powered sports car are scarce .
The car 's designer gleefully lifted the best design cues from both the R8 and most any modern Ferrari , mashing them together to create this Chinese love fusion .
Will it ever be produced ?
We 're sure both the boys from Ingolstadt and Maranello are paying very close attention to that .
Advertisement
[ ChinaCarTimes ]
Advertisement
Advertisement
FEATURES AND ANALYSIS
People in Afghanistan comment on whether the security situation will stop them from going to the polls
How a cultural revival in the southern Afghan city is being hampered by the Taliban .
Afghan women are yet to see much progress on equality , despite promises from President Karzai .
People in Nangarhar say the government has not delivered on its promises ahead of elections .
The BBC's M Ilyas Khan visits the remote province of Badakhshan to gauge the views of the electorate .
WANTAGE , England , July 5 ( UPI ) -- A 54 - year - old carpenter in Wantage , England , accidentally cut off his own penis while working with a saw , his mother says .
Stuart Keen 's mother , Edna , told The Sunday Telegraph her son had been cutting wood for a cabinet when the saw inflicted the horrific injury .
Surgeons were able to reattach the severed appendage , she said .
Advertisement
" Stuart is a carpenter and uses sharp and sometimes dangerous tools , " Keen 's mother said .
" This was an unfortunate accident but these things happen all the time to people in his profession . "
A South Central Ambulance Service spokesman said paramedics found him bleeding in his bathtub .
" I have spoken to him and he is quite embarrassed about the whole incident , " Keen 's mother told the Telegraph .
YOKOHAMA , Japan -- Nissan Motor Co. Chief Executive Carlos
Ghosn unveiled the first commercial model of the company 's new electric vehicle and said he is n't worried about competition from rivals ' hybrid cars .
The electric Nissan Leaf will be introduced late next year in the U.S. , Europe and Japan , company officials said Sunday at a ceremony that marked both the debut of the car and the opening of new headquarters in Yokohama , south of Tokyo .
Nissan , Japan 's third - biggest car maker by sales volume , will roll out the zero-emission car at a time when rivals are also increasing efforts to offer environmentally friendly models , as emission regulations become stricter and oil prices are rallying .
Nissan 's domestic competitors , No. 1 Toyota Motor Corp. and No. 2 Honda Motor Co. , earlier this year released updated gasoline - electric hybrids -- Toyota 's revamped Prius and Honda 's redesigned Insight .
Both are scrambling to meet demand .
Nissan 's electric car could compete with the Prius , the Insight and other hybrids .
But Mr. Ghosn maintains that because electric vehicles emit no exhaust , they are distinct from hybrids and conventional vehicles .
Tom Watson admitted the e-petitions had proved " very , very controversial " A minister has praised Downing Street 's e-petitions - currently topped by one calling for Gordon Brown to resign - for its insight into the public mood .
To date , the " resign " petition has attracted over 61,000 signatures .
Digital Engagement Minister Tom Watson told a Lords Committee the e-petitions site was an " excellent " example of online government communication .
He added : " OK , it 's not scientific , but it allows you to gauge the mood of the nation to a certain degree . "
' Narrow petitions '
Giving evidence before the House of Lords Information Committee on Wednesday , Mr Watson acknowledged that the e-petitions section of the Downing Street website had proved " very , very controversial " at its launch .
But he said it was one reason why the Downing Street site was an " exemplar " as it allowed citizens " to make a statement of interest directly " .
The " resign " petition , which is the most popular open one , was begun by Labour - supporting academic Kalvis Jansons , who said he was disillusioned with Mr Brown .
For parliamentarians , we are not going to get it right straight away
Tom Watson
Digital Engagement Minister
In its petition 's introduction , Mr Jansons says : " There are many reasons why we might want Brown to resign , but rather than having lots of narrow petitions on this topic ( most of which have been rejected ) , I wanted one for all of us . "
The deadline to sign it is 22 October .
Petitioners are promised a response from the government if they attract more than 200 signatures .
But Downing Street has not so far commented on whether it will provide a formal response to this petition .
Mr Watson 's appearance before the committee came on the same day that he accepted substantial undisclosed libel damages over false claims that he was copied into emails between former Downing Street press adviser Damian McBride and activist Derek Draper and " encouraged " them .
' Very , very wrong '
Giving evidence to the committee , Mr Watson also defended the prime minister 's widely - criticised performance unveiling expenses reform proposals on the Downing Street website and YouTube .
The minister told peers : " Actually , I thought the prime minister did a fairly reasonable job on YouTube .
" For parliamentarians , we are not going to get it right straight away .
But younger citizens are going to expect us to use these technologies . "
Nonetheless , Mr Watson , widely acknowledged as the first MP to run a blog , admitted that he had " personal experience myself of YouTube going very , very wrong " .
That may have been a reference to his , and fellow MP Sion Simon's , spoof of David Cameron 's online diary in which they invited voters to sleep with the wife of the Tory leader .
The Downing Street petition site has attracted controversy since it was launched in November 2006 , with an unnamed government minister describing its creator as a " prat " .
Its most well - supported petition to date was a campaign against road charging , signed by nearly two million people .
Another calling for Top Gear presenter Jeremy Clarkson to be the prime minister was signed by 50,000 people prompting a video response from Number 10 , in which it said they had " thought long and hard " about the suggestion but " on second thoughts ... maybe not " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The folks at Electronic Arts and Slightly Mad Studios have been hard at work making Need for Speed :
Shift not only a great entry within the historic game series , but also a top - notch simulator .
And what separates it from other racing sims is the accessibility of the title , as well as the reward system it has in place for showing off your vehicular skills .
The latest trailer for NFS : Shift details one of the game ’s tracks , Road America .
The track is , as the developer puts it , easy to navigate but hard to navigate fast .
Check out the video below for tips on how to embarress your opponents on this circuit .
[ viddler id=adee07a0&w=437&h=370 ]
WASHINGTON  The Supreme Court on Monday ordered a federal trial court in Georgia to consider the case of Troy Davis , who is on death row in state prison there for the 1989 murder of an off - duty police officer .
The case has attracted international attention , and 27 former prosecutors and judges had filed a brief supporting Mr. Davis .
Seven of the witnesses against Mr. Davis have recanted , and several people have implicated the prosecution ’s main witness as the actual killer of the officer , Mark MacPhail .
The Supreme Court ’s decision was unsigned , only a paragraph long and in a number of respects highly unusual .
It instructed the trial court to “ receive testimony and make findings of fact ” about whether new evidence clearly established Mr. Davis ’s innocence .
Justice Sonia Sotomayor , who joined the court this month , did not participate .
The decision set off a sharp debate between Justices John Paul Stevens and Antonin Scalia about Supreme Court procedure , the reach of a federal law meant to limit death row appeals and the proper treatment of claims of innocence .
SARGODA , Pakistan ( CNN ) -- Mohammed Iqbal said he has been told by his landlord to pay up on debts and is left with a choice facing others in this impoverished corner of Pakistan :
Sell your children or a kidney .
This man 's landlord forced him to pay off money he borrowed for his children 's medical bills .
more photos »
For the 50 - year - old Iqbal , there is only one option .
Despite a law passed in late 2007 banning transplants for money , he has decided to sell his kidney and has already been for pre-operation tests .
The sale will net him between $ 1,100 and $ 1,600 .
" What 's incredible here is the law that bans the operation he 's going to go through came into place in 2007 , " said CNN 's Nic Robertson .
" He 's still able to go to a doctor , the doctors given him advice , that 's what he has to do under law ...
He 's going to make money out of it 100,000 - 150,000 rupees , and that is absolutely illegal .
Yet , in just a few days , he 's expecting to sell his kidney . "
Iqbal was not alone in facing this difficult decision .
Others in Pakistan 's rural heartland have opted to sell their kidneys .
One of them was Rab Nawas , who was deep in debt about a year ago to his landlord after borrowing money to pay for his wedding and to cover medical bills for his wife and six children .
He , too , faced the choice : sell his children , his wife or a kidney .
See photos of Pakistan 's impoverished kidney donors »
" I am helpless .
Should I sell my children ?
Should I go sell my children ?
So , it 's better I sell my kidney .
I had to return the money , " said Nawas , who now bears a foot - long scar that wraps around from his back to his belly and is too weak to work the same hours he could before .
Watch Nawas show his operation scar »
People bearing the tell - tale scar of an organ removal in the villages around the farm where Nawas works are not hard to find .
At one point , there were about 2,000 transplants a year -- with 1,500 of them going to what the government said were so - called " transplant tourists . "
The 2007 law was aimed at ending Pakistan 's dubious status as one of the world 's leading organ bazaars .
Nawas sold his kidney after the law was passed and said the procedure was performed at the Rawalpindi Kidney Center in the northern city of Rawalpindi .
When he went to the Rawalpindi center , after CNN asked him to show where the procedure was done , he said a doctor told him they did not have a record of his operation because they destroy such records when a patient leaves .
The Rawalpindi clinic -- which prior to the law was a leading user of purchased kidneys -- told CNN that it abides by the law and does not get involved in deals between kidney donors and recipients .
" Standing there it 's hard for me to fully understand the courage it took for him to make the journey .
In this country , he has few rights , and even less security , " said CNN 's Robertson .
All About Pakistan
There are charms now available with a lobster claw .
This will be the same closure of most bracelets .
To avoid the problem of soldering the charms , you might look for charms using a lobster claw .
Traditional charm bracelets attach charms using jump rings .
If you have jewelry pliers it is possible to attach the charms yourself .
This will help you save lots of money .
However , it is often my experience until this strategy for attaching charms is n't the best .
I have lost countless charms by having them just in love with .
I recommend that you spend the bucks , about $ 5 per charm , this will let you jeweler solder the charms on top of the bracelet .
You spent the bucks to get a great bracelet .
You bought an ideal charms .
Do n't risk losing them .
Solder the charms .
Solder vs. jump rings
After you might have considered these products , you might be ready to develop a charm bracelet .
Charm bracelets are timeless fashion accessories .
They are easily personalized and each one is different .
Charms are a good way to show the personal style , tastes and interests with the wearer .
Charm bracelets are also a powerful way to express your emotions for a special woman .
[ url=http://artekreklam.com/images/pandorabracelets.html]pandora bracelets [ /url ] make great gifts .
They vary in styles and price .
They can easily be personalized .
They also function as a repetitive gift .
You do n't provide a completed bracelet .
You build the bracelet with time .
They become symbols of life events .
When developing a charm bracelet , a number of things you must consider .
Think about the metal used , the purpose of the bracelet , the fashion of the bracelet , tariff of charms , along with the price of adhering the charms .
Prices start as low as $ 15 and go upwards to several hundred dollars based on which style you go with .
It 's great for the young child that has a difficult experience creating their mind what jewelry to wear .
Simply pick the ID tag using the needed information after which buy a multitude of necklaces or bracelets to blend and match .
Buy one for each day of the week or every mood .
With these prices you simply can't fail .
If you are looking to be fashionable N - Style ID has necklaces , bracelets and regular ID bands to choose from .
Sporting styles , dog tag styles , charm bracelets and regular chain bracelets are also available .
With such a lot of avenues to select from there is something for anyone on the list that could have to have a medical alert jewelry item .
Choosing a charm for any young girl could be a very easy task .
A prayer book for her First Communion , or perhaps a best of luck symbol to be with her birthday .
As a dude grows , and her collection expands , new charms are essential so that they are not repeated .
Unlike most jewelry , the charms with a charm bracelet do n't really need to match the colour with the chain .
You can hang gold , silver , rose gold , platinum , pearl , gems and even non-precious metals onto a charm bracelet and so they all work together inside a glorious patchwork of textures , size and shapes .
To choose a silly and creative charm to get a bracelet makes it an extremely special gift .
Some ideas you could think about are : a stone from the special location covered with gold or silver wire a tiny photograph in a very silver frame a real pearl captured inside a silver cage chips of shell , engraved with a beach scene being a holiday momento baby hair plaited as being a Victorian keepsake you child 's first tooth cast in gold or silver a leaf or petal from a wedding bouquet captured in resin a coin with all the date or the lady 's birth year into it a tiny bell an antique glass bead vintage earrings [ url=http://www.lamerca.biz]pandora jewelry [ /url ] specialises in the layout and creation of various models of jewelry concurrently as add - ons with top quality content , distinctive layout and fantastic workmanship .
The [ url=http://www.lamerca.biz]pandora jewelry [ /url ] collection capabilities exceptional craftsmanship and suitable layout through the use of cherished gems and metals that may be minimize appropriately and shaped to nicely in shape throughout the jewellery .
With their dedication to merchandise top quality they have got created up a good identify and track record through the sector .
[ url=http://artekreklam.com/images/pandorabracelets.html]cheap pandora jewerly [ /url ] are excellent gifts .
They vary in styles and price .
They can simply be personalized .
They also be the repetitive gift .
You do n't offer a completed bracelet .
You build the bracelet with time .
They become symbols of life events .
When building a charm bracelet , there are particular things you must consider .
Think about the metal used , the objective of the bracelet , the design and style from the bracelet , cost of charms , and the cost of adhering the charms .
These new [ url=http://www.bocbbc.com]pandora jewelry [ /url ] of Summertime 2012 are inspiring as well as present - day , that may be timeless symbols of love and desires .
With their a few years of information in jewelry organization , each year they introduce an enormous number of excellent jewelleries which can be current day and trendy in layout .
Definitely all [ url=http://www.bocbbc.com]cheap pandora jewelry [ /url ] is magnificent that 's adored by almost every female .
Together with all the enhance popular of people bracelets , right this moment they are often also easily obtainable in several about the web outlets .
The top reason for relation to the for the web outlets is because provide these bracelets at reasonably priced premiums .
What this means is you never should compromise using the finances .
[ url=http://www.vpandorajewelry.com]pandora jewelry store [ /url ] is classy and straightforward , the best mix to generating lovely and productive jewelry .
Every single single [ url=http://www.vpandorajewelry.com]cheap pandora jewelry [ /url ] is handmade that 's reflected of the exceptional high quality and layout .
As you hold the possibility to personalize the bracelets with a variety of various charms , clips , spacers and chains , it is rather will be to create a thing to match your individual specific fashion and seem .
There exists also a variety of bracelets that you should choose from like gold , silver and leather - based models .
Due to its flexibility combined with the sheer alternative easily available , [ url=http://www.vpandorajewelry.com]pandora jewelry store [ /url ] has exploded being one of the most widely used women 's jewelry brands around the world - wide scale which can be now viewed as a necessity have for each women 's jewellery box .
Solder vs. jump rings
If you have been looking being fashionable N - Style ID has necklaces , bracelets and regular ID bands from which to choose .
Sporting styles , dog tag styles , charm bracelets and regular chain bracelets are also available .
With such a lot of avenues to pick from there 's something for everyone on your own list that might require a medical alert jewelry item .
The guys are n't overlooked with this particular website either .
They can select an incredible selection of masculine looking bracelets , ID tags , Dog tags and sports style medical alert jewelry .
A woman can frequently chart her very existence over the charms for my child bracelet .
She will have 1 or 2 that were provided to her at her birth , one on her Christening , one to be with her First Communion , several for birthdays , one for graduation , one for her engagement , to be with her wedding , and something each on her behalf children .
Prices start just $ 15 and go upwards to many hundred dollars depending upon which style you are going with .
It 's great for a young child that carries a difficult experience making up their mind what jewelry to wear .
Simply buy the ID tag with the needed information after which buy a range of necklaces or bracelets to blend and match .
Buy one for every day of the week or every mood .
With these prices you can't fail .
So just match your style with your own personal medical alert jewelry .
Accessorize your wardrobe and make up a bold statement .
Your medical problem does n't define what you are and also you defintely wo n't be advertising your medical condition with your great medical alert jewelry items in your wardrobe .
Be stylish and safe with N - Sync ID today.[url=http://www.lamerca.biz]pandora jewlery store [ /url ]
This image was lost some time after publication .
If there 's more than one site you always visit after starting up Firefox , you can set your homepage to open several tabs of different web sites at once automatically .
Advertisement
From Firefox 's
Tools menu , Options , General , enter the addresses of sites separated by a pipe | , as shown above .
Or , you can open up all the sites in tabs and hit the " Use Current Pages " button .
Thanks ,
Robert !
One of the wounds can be seen on the front of the skull Archaeologists believe that bones discovered at Stirling Castle may have belonged to a knight killed in battle or during a siege in the early 1400s .
It is thought that despite the warrior 's relatively young age of about 25 , he may have suffered several serious wounds from earlier fights .
Researchers thinks it is also possible he may have been living for some time with a large arrowhead in his chest .
The bones were discovered in a chapel at the castle in 1997 .
They were excavated when archaeologists were working in an area of the castle which turned out to be the site of a lost medieval royal chapel .
Peter Yeoman , from Historic Scotland , said because the man was buried at the heart of a royal castle , it was indicative he was a person of prestige , possibly a knight .
His legs were formed in a way that was consistent with spending a lot of time on horseback
Peter Yeoman
Historic Scotland
Some research was carried out on the skeleton at the time of its discovery , but a lack of technology meant it was difficult to assess the remains in more detail .
Since then scientists have been able to perform laser scanning which revealed the wounds .
Bone regrowth around a dent in the front of the skull suggested the man had recovered from a severe blow , possibly from an axe .
The warrior had also lost a number of teeth - perhaps from a blow , or a fall from a horse .
The fatal wound , however , occurred when something , possibly a sword , sliced through his nose and jaw .
Mr Yeoman said : " We know little about this burial area but the evidence suggests it was sometimes used during extreme circumstances , for example to bury the dead during a siege .
The body was buried at the heart of the royal castle " However , by using modern analysis techniques we have started to discover quite remarkable information about this man .
" It appears he died in his mid-20s after a short and violent life .
" His legs were formed in a way that was consistent with spending a lot of time on horseback , and the upper body points to someone who was well - muscled , perhaps due to extensive training with medieval weapons . "
A large , tanged arrowhead was found in skeleton and appears to have struck through the back or under the arm .
Crystalised matter attached to the arrowhead may have been from flies or other insect larvae and could have been from clothing the arrow forced into the wound .
Gordon Ewart , of Kirkdale Archaeology , who carried out the excavation and some of the research for Historic Scotland , said : " This is a remarkable and important set of discoveries .
" There were a series of wounds , including a dent in the skull from a sword or axe , where bone had regrown , showing that he had recovered .
" At first we had thought the arrow wound had been fatal but it now seems he had survived it and may have had his chest bound up . "
War hammer Little is known about who the man was or where he came from .
Further study is planned on tooth enamel and bone samples which may shed light on his origins .
His body appeared to have been buried in the same grave as a small boy of one to three years old .
Archaeologists cannot be certain that the two were linked but radiocarbon dating suggests both date from the early 15th Century , and there was no evidence of one grave having been cut through the other .
They were part of a group of 12 skeletons , some highly fragmentary , which were discovered .
Among them was a female , probably buried some time in the 13th Century , who had two neat , square holes through her skull which were consistent with blows from a war hammer .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Sean Connery convinced us all that to be a totally kickass spy all you needed was a nice suit , a martini and a wang that did your thinking for you .
But where Bond stopped to make sure his Aston Martin was looking its best before taking out his one nemesis and his gimmick - laden crony , there are real - life spies who etched their names in history with the sheer size of their balls .
5 Richard Sorge Turned World War II
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Richard Sorge was an expert marksman , fluent in several languages and sported a Ph.D. in political science ( because every spy should be able to distract you with a speech on the sociopolitical impact of poverty while he shoots you with a poison wrist - dart ) .
He was recruited by the Soviet Union and has even been referred to as " Stalin 's James Bond , " though it was in a French newspaper who said it and God only knows what their standard for that title is .
And then , shit got real ...
When Hitler came to power in 1933 , Sorge was sent to Japan to assess any threat towards to the Soviet Union .
Through his network , Sorge learned of the attack on Pearl Harbor months before it happened and even the exact date of Operation Barbarossa ( the Nazi invasion of the USSR ) .
And he did it all without a single snowmobile chase ( that we know of ) .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
File photo of Sorge from the Covert Super Spy Newsletter .
So his info gave the Soviets a huge advantage , right ?
Well , Stalin , being a prick , dismissed Sorge as " a little shit who has set himself up with some small factories and brothels in Japan . "
Sorge turned out to be right , of course , and millions of Russians died .
You should always pay attention to little shits in Japanese brothels .
Go on , suck my dick , Stalin .
Then , when Stalin was afraid the Japanese would follow the Nazis into the USSR , Sorge managed to photocopy reports that proved Japan was not going to invade .
This meant the USSR army could throw all its might at the German Nazi invasion , and may have turned the tide of the entire war .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
But , you can only steal so many massive secrets before someone finally catches on .
Sorge was captured and then offered to the Soviets three times in exchange for Japanese prisoners , but no one took them up on the offer .
Sorge never admitted who he worked for , even under torture .
After three years he was hanged .
If not for Sorge , it 's entirely possible the Nazis would have won , and to this day Russia would likely be a festering heap of sausage and oom - pah bands .
In 1964 , the Soviets finally acknowledged him as one of their own and commemorated his service by putting his face on a stamp .
He probably would have preferred not being hanged .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The most badass thing you 'll ever lick .
Favorable Comparison to Bond : Disapproving Superiors
Whenever Bond fails ( always temporarily of course ) , it 's always because some higher - up disapproves of his sexily unorthodox methods .
Sorge was a victim of the same " he 's just too goddamn manly to be trusted " discrimination , only in his case , instead of a matronly M clucking her tongue at his wandering penis , it was Joseph fucking Stalin .
This Too Shall Pop
The monsoons came to an end yesterday afternoon … more below …
In the meantime , the Financial Times , on the final page of the first section , reports the big news :
“ China …is back in bubble land . ”
After the expansion comes the contraction .
After the bubble comes the clean - up .
After the storm comes the sun .
But what is going on in China ?
What comes after the biggest export - led bubble ever ?
Another bubble ?
It does n’t seem possible .
China ’s number one customer is broke .
It has far too many factories for those that are left .
It should be closing up shop …and waiting out the bad weather .
And yet , China is growing .
A combination of hot money … and hot financial policy …is falling on everyone ’s favorite green shoot like Miracle - Gro .
Its trade surplus and foreign direct investment – the usual source of reserves of foreign currencies – are only half what they were last year .
But the speculators are coming in …and they are bringing cash .
This has boosted Chinese reserves past the $ 2 trillion mark … and provided the liquidity for another round of bubble - like conditions .
Trading volumes in Chinese stocks , for example , are running three times last year’s .
The world ’s investors and economists think they are looking at the Second Coming .
Chinese growth will power the world out of its slump .
Hallelujah …we ’re saved !
Things will be ‘ back to normal , ’ soon .
Stocks rose yesterday in anticipation – with the Dow up .
Daily Reckoning readers are warned : this too shall pop .
Back to normal is not where we want to go .
‘ Normal ’ in the bubble years was perverted … odd … queer … weird … and unhealthy .
What really makes people wealthier is capital formation – the accumulation of machines , resources , and skills .
But instead of forming capital , the bubble economy consumed it .
As the longer the ‘ normal ’ bubble years went on , the poorer and more vulnerable people became .
But the big bubble has already popped .
And these echo bubbles wo n’t bring it back .
For behind the bouncy figures are the same limp facts we have been looking at all year .
Americans are n’t buying .
Mortimer Zucker in the Wall Street Journal :
“ Households , overburdened with historic levels of debt will also be saving more .
The savings rate has already jumped to almost 7 % of after - tax income from 0 % in 2007 , and it is still going up .
Every dollar of saving comes out of consumption .
Since consumer spending is the economy ’s main driver , we are going to have a weak consumer sector and many businesses simply wo n’t have the means or the need to hire employees .
After the 1990 - 91 recessions , consumers went out and bought houses , cars and other expensive goods .
This time , the combination of a weak job picture and a severe credit crunch means that people wo n’t be able to get the financing for the big expenditures , and those who can borrow will be reluctant to do so .
The paycheck has returned as the primary source of spending . ”
Americans are n’t buying ; so China is n’t selling .
Exports … the source of its real wealth …are down .
And there ’s no reason to think they ’re coming back anytime soon .
But what about buying from inside China itself … and from its neighbors ?
Ah , we knew you were going to ask that question .
So we prepared an answer :
It will come … but not right away .
The typical Chinese consumer does n’t want the same things the typical American wants .
His house does not look like the typical American house , either .
And it is full of different stuff too .
It will take a while to restructure the Chinese export machine for the domestic market .
In addition to the factories , the distribution and sales channels need to be restructured .
And it will take a while for the Chinese consumer to change his habits .
While the American consumer becomes an ant – busily stocking away food for hard times … the Chinese consumer must become a grasshopper , a spendthrift with an eye for luxury .
And as for China ’s neighbors … such as Korea , Singapore , Taiwan , Vietnam , Thailand , Malaysia and Indonesia … they all soared thanks to the China boom .
Now they ’re going bust in kind .
“ Korean production alone is already down 14 % , ” The Richebacher Letter ‘s Rob Parenteau tells us .
“ Japan is off 20 % .
Taiwan ’s exports have dropped 28.5 % .
Singapore is already deep into recession .
Thailand ’s decayed into political crisis .
“ Until US and European consumers come out of their shells , the new Asian meltdown does n’t end any time soon . ”
‘ Creative destruction ’ is what it takes – with the usual bankruptcies , disappointments , workouts , and dislocations .
The transition wo n’t be easy …or quick .
Unemployment rises .
The export economy must be destroyed before a new economy can be created .
And while this is going on , the Chinese consumer is actually losing income .
There may be riots and or even civil war .
Eventually , this will probably turn out okay .
In the meantime , there is Hell to pay .
“ This is not normal for Ireland , ” said a colleague .
“ We ’re used to rain , but this is not Irish rain .
This is coming down hard . ”
It came down hard – off and on – for three days .
Then , about 3 PM yesterday , the monsoons ended .
The clouds parted ; the sun came out .
Ireland has been hit hard by financial storms too .
Its inflation rate has turned negative … for the first time since the Great Depression .
Unemployment – which we reported near 14 % earlier this week – is said to be closer to 12 % , according to the local paper .
That ’s still more than twice what it was during the boom years .
“ We see it everywhere , ” explained an Irish colleague .
“ The roads used to be crowded with lorries ( trucks ) .
Now , they ’re pretty empty .
House prices are down about 30 % ( about the same as the US ) .
And the Poles have left . ”
The boom in Ireland attracted immigrants from Eastern Europe .
For the first time since the English conquered the country , people from the outside were moving in .
Ireland – a major exporter of people for hundreds of years – was flattered .
Then annoyed .
When we last visited practically all the waitresses and barkeeps we saw were Polish .
There were signs in Waterford written in Polish .
There was even a Polish language TV station .
“ The place was being taken over by the Poles , ” grumbled an Irishman .
But now the Poles were gone .
But when we went to a fancy restaurant last night , the waitresses were … you guessed it …Polish .
“ Well , the Poles and the Irish always got along , ” continued our colleague .
“ Catholic …on the margins of Europe…uncivilized …
We understand each other . ”
Ireland was transformed in the boom years ; it will never be the same .
Prices rose and attitudes changes .
Thousands of houses were built – in a dreadful style .
Office and apartment buildings went up too – also with little concern for how they looked .
Or maybe the Irish like ugly houses ; we do n’t know …we did n’t like to ask .
American tour groups still come .
But the people on the tours are older and grayer .
The younger generation of Irish - Americans is less Irish and more American .
They feel less attachment to Erin ’s Isle …
They have married Jews and Italians … gone on the Pill … and take their vacations in Paris and Cancun .
Meanwhile , in America , the citizens are increasingly turning to their government to fix the mess that the country is in .
But the irony here is that the our friends on the Hill knew exactly where this speeding train was heading … and let it just keep right on going , turning a blind eye to wreck that would inevitably occur .
As our own Addison Wiggin recently told an interviewer , “ The House of Representatives did an investigation in 2005 , following a paper that was published on their own website , showing that the derivatives risk that both Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac had exposed themselves to was potentially a disaster for the mortgage market .
“ And they buried that paper , and fired the guy who wrote it .
So , they were well aware of what was going on in 2005 , but the market for mortgage - backed securities continued for two more years .
“ They [ the government ] could have put the breaks on there . ”
You can watch Addison ’s full interview here .
http://www.babelgum.com/3022232/think-weve-been-here-before.html
In the USA , the deadheads are at it .
They did n’t see the crisis coming .
Then , they did n’t understand it when it hit .
But that does n’t stop them from trying to fix it – by giving the world more of what caused the crisis in the first place : stimulus !
What caused U.S. consumers to go so deeply into debt ?
Stimulus .
What caused the Chinese to build so many factories ?
Stimulus .
How come Americans have so many malls , so many houses , and so many bills they ca n’t pay ?
Stimulus !
They were stimulated to borrow by low interest rates and rising house prices – both produced in whole or in part by federal policy .
In the old days , a country would have to settle up its trade deficit in gold .
As gold was called away by surplus countries , deficit countries would have to raise rates to attract more gold and reduce consumption .
They system always rebalanced itself .
Then , when the United States went off the quasi - gold standard , the imbalances became huge .
Americans were able to go deeper and deeper into debt … while the foreigners built up more and more capacity ( and more and more dollars ) .
But who cut the dollar lose from gold ?
The feds .
Who made it possible for US consumers to spend far more than they earned for far longer than they could afford ?
The feds .
Who held down the prime rate below the inflation rate for nearly four years – long after the supposed “ emergency ” that called for such drastic action ?
Oh dear reader , we do n’t have to tell you , do we ?
The feds .
That was how the feds caused the bubble in the property and the financial sector .
But after the bubble blew up , they blamed Wall Street , called for more regulation , gave Wall Street trillions that taxpayers had n’t even earned yet …and provided more stimulus !
And now they ’re talking about a “ son of stimulus , ” yet more stimulus to an economy that is already fritzed out on stimulus .
Dead companies are kept alive .
Smelly , dead - fish assets are kept on the books .
And brain dead economists find employment in the Obama administration … explaining why more stimulus will set everything right again .
Has the average taxpayer seen any of that ‘ stimulus ’ ?
Not likely .
And for a while , it looked liked a summer day in Ireland .
We looked out the window , delighted .
“ See how pretty it is … wet … and glistening in the sun … ”
Then , the monsoon rains started up again …we turned … and went back to work .
From HaskellWiki
Serializing and deserializing Haskell data to / from XML
With so called pickler functions and arrows , it becomes rather easy and straightforward to convert native Haskell values to XML and vice versa .
The module Text.XML.HXT .
Arrow .
Pickle and submodules contain a set of picklers ( conversion functions ) for simple data types and pickler combinators for complex types .
The idea : XML pickler
For conversion of native Haskell data to and from external representations two functions are necessary :
One for generating the external representation and one for reading / parsing the representation .
Read and Show often form such a pair of functions .
Char
A so - called pickler is a value with two such conversion functions , but it needs to keep track of the external representation during encoding and decoding , too .
So the simplest form of a pickler converting between a value of typeand a sequence ofs looks like this :
type St = [ Char ] data PU a = PU { appPickle :: ( a , St ) ->
St , appUnPickle :: St -> ( a , St ) }
In a programming pearl paper [ 1 ]
Andrew Kennedy has described how to define primitive picklers plus a set of pickler combinators to ( de - ) serialize from and to ( Byte - ) Strings .
The HXT picklers are an adaptation of these pickler combinators .
The difference to Kennedys approach is that the external representation is not a list of Chars but a list of XmlTrees .
The basic picklers for the primitve types ( Int , Bool , ... ) will convert simple values into XML text nodes , and the picklers for creating XML element and attribute nodes are new :
data St = St { attributes :: [ XmlTree ] , contents :: [ XmlTree ] } data PU a = PU { appPickle :: ( a , St ) ->
St , appUnPickle :: St -> ( Maybe a , St ) , the Schema :: Schema }
In XML there are two places for storing information :
The attributes and the element contents .
Furthermore , the pickler contains a third component for type information .
This enables the derivation of a DTD from a set of picklers , but in the following examples we do not need this component .
With the predefined picklers and pickler combinators , we do n't have to look very much into these internals .
Let 's start with an example .
Example : Processing baseball league data
The XML data structure
In this first example we are dealing with baseball league data , taken from the so- called XML Bible .
The complete source for this example is included in the HXT distribution in directory examples / arrows / AGentleIntroductionToHXT / PicklerExample /.
First let 's get some idea about the structure of the XML data .
The structure is not defined by a DTD or schema , so we have to guess some things .
Here is a part of the example XML file :
< SEASON YEAR =" 1998 " > < LEAGUE NAME=" National League " >
< DIVISION NAME = " East " >
< TEAM CITY = " Atlanta " NAME = " Braves " >
< PLAYER GIVEN_NAME=" Marty " SURNAME = " Malloy " POSITION = " Second Base " GAMES = " 11 " GAMES_STARTED = " 8 " AT_BATS = " 28 " RUNS = " 3 " HITS = " 5 " DOUBLES = " 1 " TRIPLES = " 0 " HOME_RUNS = " 1 " RBI = " 1 " STEALS= " 0 " CAUGHT_STEALING= " 0 " SACRIFICE_HITS= " 0 " SACRIFICE_FLIES= " 0 " ERRORS = " 0 " WALKS = " 2 " STRUCK_OUT = " 2 " HIT_BY_PITCH = " 0 " >
</ PLAYER > < PLAYER GIVEN_NAME=" Ozzie " SURNAME =" Guillen " POSITION = " Shortstop " GAMES = " 83 " GAMES_STARTED =" 59 " AT_BATS = " 264 " RUNS = " 35 " HITS = " 73 " DOUBLES = " 15 " TRIPLES = " 1 " HOME_RUNS = " 1 " RBI = " 22 " STEALS = " 1 " CAUGHT_STEALING = " 4 " SACRIFICE_HITS = " 4 " SACRIFICE_FLIES = " 2 " ERRORS = " 6 " WALKS = " 24 " STRUCK_OUT = " 25 " HIT_BY_PITCH = " 1 " >
</ PLAYER > < PLAYER GIVEN_NAME=" Danny " ... HIT_BY_PITCH = " 0 " >
</ PLAYER > < PLAYER GIVEN_NAME =" Gerald " ...>
</ PLAYER > ... </ TEAM > < TEAM CITY = " Florida " NAME = " Marlins " >
</ TEAM > < TEAM CITY = " Montreal " NAME = " Expos " >
</ TEAM > < TEAM CITY =" New York " NAME = " Mets " >
</ TEAM > < TEAM CITY =" Philadelphia " NAME = " Phillies " >
</ TEAM > </DIVISION > ... </ LEAGUE > < LEAGUE NAME =" American League " >
< DIVISION NAME = " East " > ...
</ DIVISION > < DIVISION NAME =" Central " > ... </ DIVISION > ... </ LEAGUE > </ SEASON >
The Haskell data model
Let 's first analyze the underlying data model and then define an appropriate set of Haskell data types for the internal representation .
The root type is a Season , consisting of a year an a set of League s
, consisting of a an a set of s The League s are all identified by a String and consist of a set of Division s , so it 's a Map .
s are all identified by a and consist of a set of s , so it 's a .
The Division s are also identified by a String and consist of a list of Team s , so it 's again a Map
s are also identified by a and consist of a list of s , so it 's again a A Team has three components , a teamName , a city , and a list of Player s
has three components , a , a , and a list of s A Player has a lot of attributes , for simplicity of the example in the internal model we will not take all fields into account .
Just six fields are included , the firstName , the lastName , the position , atBats , hits and era .
All others will be ignored .
So the Haskell data model looks like this :
import Data .
Map data Season = Season { sYear :: Int , sLeagues :: Leagues } deriving ( Show , Eq ) type Leagues = Map String Divisions type Divisions = Map String [ Team ] data Team = Team { teamName :: String , city :: String , players :: [ Player ] } deriving ( Show , Eq ) data Player = Player { firstName :: String , lastName :: String , position :: String , atBats :: Maybe Int , hits :: Maybe Int , era :: Maybe Float } deriving ( Show , Eq )
The predefined picklers
HXT contains a class XmlPickler defining a single function xpickle for overloading the xpickle function name :
class XmlPickler a where xpickle :: PU a
For simple data types there is an instance for XmlPickler which uses the primitive pickler xpPrim for conversion from and to XML text nodes .
This primitive pickler is available for all types supporting Read and Show :
instance XmlPickler
Int where xpickle = xpPrim instance XmlPickler Integer where xpickle = xpPrim ...
For the composite data type tuples , lists and Maybe there are predefined pickler combinators :
instance ( XmlPickler a , XmlPickler b ) =>
XmlPickler ( a , b ) where xpickle = xpPair xpickle xpickle -- similar instances for ( , , ) , ( , , , ) , ... instance XmlPickler a => XmlPickler [ a ] where xpickle = xpList xpickle instance XmlPickler a => XmlPickler ( Maybe a ) where xpickle = xpOption xpickle
xpPair take two picklers and builds up a pickler for a tuple type .
There are also pickler combinators for triples , 4 - and 5 - tuples .
take two picklers and builds up a pickler for a tuple type .
There are also pickler combinators for triples , 4 - and 5 - tuples .
xpList takes a pickler for an element type and gives a list pickler
takes a pickler for an element type and gives a list pickler xpOption takes a pickler and returns a pickler for optional values .
In addition to those picklers , we need picklers for generating / reading element and attribute nodes :
xpElem generates / parses an XML element node
generates / parses an XML element node xpAttr generates / parses an attribute node
Most of the other structured data is pickled / unpickled by converting the data to / from tuples , lists and options .
This is done by a wrapper pickler xpWrap .
Constructing the example picklers
For every Haskell type we will define a pickler .
For the own data types we will declare instances of the XmlPickler class .
instance XmlPickler Season where xpickle = xpSeason instance XmlPickler Team where xpickle = xpTeam instance XmlPickler Player where xpickle = xpPlayer
Then the picklers are developed top down starting with xpSeason .
xpSeason :: PU Season xpSeason = xpElem " SEASON " $ xpWrap ( uncurry Season , \ s -> ( sYear s , sLeagues s ) ) $ xpPair ( xpAttr " YEAR " xpickle ) xpLeagues
A Season value is mapped onto an element SEASON with xpElem .
This constructs / reads the XML SEASON element .
The two components of Season are wrapped into a pair with xpWrap .
xpWrap needs a pair of functions for a 1 - 1 mapping between Season and ( Int , Leagues ) .
The first component of the pair , the year is mapped onto an attribute YEAR .
The attribute value is handled with the predefined pickler for Int .
The second one , the Leagues are handled by xpLeagues .
xpLeagues :: PU Leagues xpLeagues = xpWrap ( fromList , toList ) $ xpList $ xpElem " LEAGUE " $ xpPair ( xpAttr " NAME " xpText ) xpDivisions
xpLeagues has to deal with a Map value .
This can't done directly , but the Map value is converted to / from a list of pairs with xpWrap and ( fromList , toList ) .
Then the xpList is applied for the list of pairs .
Each pair will be represented by an LEAGUE element , the name is mapped to an attribute NAME , the divisions are handled by xpDivisions .
( xpText is used to encode attribute or tag text , but note that you must use xpText0 instead wherever the empty string is a legal value , because xpText does n't handle the case of unpickling ' nothing ' from the XML . )
xpDivisions :: PU Divisions xpDivisions = xpWrap ( fromList , toList ) $ xpList $ xpElem " DIVISION " $ xpPair ( xpAttr " NAME " xpText ) xpickle
The divisions are pickled by the same pattern as the leagues .
xpTeam :: PU Team xpTeam = xpElem " TEAM " $ xpWrap ( uncurry3 Team , \ t -> ( teamName t , city t , players t ) ) $ xpTriple ( xpAttr " NAME " xpText ) ( xpAttr " CITY " xpText ) ( xpList xpickle )
With the teams we have to wrap the three components into a 3 - tuple with xpWrap and then pickle a triple of two attributes and a list of players .
xpPlayer :: PU Player xpPlayer = xpElem " PLAYER " $ xpWrap ( \ ( ( f , l , p , a , h , e ) ) ->
Player f l p a h e , \ t -> ( firstName t , lastName t , position t , atBats t , hits t , era t ) ) $ xp6Tuple ( xpAttr " GIVEN_NAME " xpText ) ( xpAttr " SURNAME " xpText ) ( xpAttr " POSITION " xpText ) ( xpOption ( xpAttr " AT_BATS " xpickle ) ) ( xpOption ( xpAttr " HITS " xpickle ) ) ( xpOption ( xpAttr " ERA " xpPrim ) )
The Player pickler looks a bit clumsy , because of the six fields .
A Player is mapped to an element PLAYER with 3 mandatory attributes and 3 optional attributes
Since HXT - 9 tuples are supported until 24 components .
New in this case is the use of xpOption for mapping Maybe values onto optional attributes .
The other attributes used in the input , are ignored during unpickling the XML , but this is the only place where the pickler is tolerant with wrong XML .
A simple application
import Text.XML.HXT .Core -- ... main :: IO ( ) main = do runX ( xunpickleDocument xpSeason [ withValidate no , withTrace 1 , withRemoveWS yes , with PreserveComment no ] " simple2.xml " >>> processSeason >>>
xpickleDocument xpSeason [ withIndent yes ] " new- simple2.xml " ) return ( ) -- the dummy for processing the unpickled data processSeason :: IOSArrow Season Season processSeason = arrIO ( \ x -> do { print x ; return x } )
This application reads in the complete data used in HXT / Practical / Simple2 from file simple2.xml and unpickles it into a Season value .
This value is processed ( dummy : print out ) by processSeason and pickled again into new - simple2.xml
The unpickled value , when formatted a bit , looks like this
Season { sYear = 1998 , sLeagues = fromList [ ( " American League " , fromList [ ( " Central " , [ Team { teamName = " White Sox " , city = " Chicago " , players = [ ] } , ... ] ) , ( " East " , [ Team { teamName = " Orioles " , city = " Baltimore " , players = [ ] } , ... ] ) , ( " West " , [ Team { teamName = " Angels " , city = " Anaheim " , players = [ ] } , ... ] ) ] ) , ( " National League " , fromList [ ( " Central " , [ Team { teamName = " Cubs " , city = " Chicago " , players = [ ] } , ... ] ) , ( " East " , [ Team { teamName = " Braves " , city = " Atlanta " , players = [ Player { firstName = " Marty " , lastName = " Malloy " , position = " Second Base " , atBats = Just 28 , hits = Just 5 , era = Nothing } , Player { firstName = " Ozzie " , lastName = " Guillen " , position = " Shortstop " , atBats = Just 264 , hits = Just 73 , era = Nothing } , ... ]} , ... ] ) , ( " West " , [ Team { teamName = " Diamondbacks " , city = " Arizona " , players = [ ] } , ... ] ) ] ) ] }
2. Example : A toy programming language
In this second example we will develop the picklers the other way round .
We start with a given data model and derive an XML document structure .
The complete source of this example is included in the HXT distribution in directory examples / arrows / pickle /
The abstract syntax for the programming language
type Program = Stmt type StmtList = [ Stmt ] data Stmt = Assign Ident Expr | Stmts StmtList | If Expr Stmt ( Maybe Stmt ) |
While Expr Stmt deriving ( Eq , Show ) type Ident = String data Expr = IntConst Int | BoolConst Bool | Var Ident | UnExpr UnOp Expr | BinExpr Op Expr Expr deriving ( Eq , Show ) data Op = Add | Sub | Mul | Div | Mod | Eq | Neq deriving ( Eq , Ord , Enum , Show ) data UnOp = UPlus | UMinus | Neg deriving ( Eq , Ord , Read , Show )
A program is a statement , and four variants of statement are defined , assignments , sequences , branches and loops .
The expressions have five variants , constants , identifiers , unary and binary expressions .
The operators are realized as enumeration types .
For developing the picklers , there are two new aspects .
This example contains sum data types and it's a recursive structure .
The pickler definitions
xpProgram :: PU Program xpProgram = xpElem " program " $ xpAddFixedAttr " xmlns " " program 42 " $ xpickle xpMissingRootElement :: PU Program xpMissingRootElement = xpickle instance XmlPickler UnOp where xpickle = xpPrim instance XmlPickler
Op where xpickle = xpWrap ( toEnum , fromEnum ) xpPrim instance XmlPickler Expr where xpickle = xpAlt tag ps where tag ( IntConst _ ) = 0 tag ( BoolConst _ ) = 1 tag ( Var _ ) = 2 tag ( UnExpr _ _ ) = 3 tag ( BinExpr _ _ _ ) = 4 ps = [ xpWrap ( IntConst , \ ( IntConst i ) -> i ) $ ( xpElem " int " $ xpAttr " value " $ xpickle ) , xpWrap ( BoolConst , \ ( BoolConst b ) -> b ) $ ( xpElem " bool " $ xpAttr " value " $ xpWrap ( toEnum , fromEnum ) xpickle ) , xpWrap ( Var , \ ( Var n ) -> n ) $ ( xpElem " var " $ xpAttr " name " $ xpText ) , xpWrap ( uncurry UnExpr , \ ( UnExpr op e ) -> ( op , e ) ) $ ( xpElem " unex " $ xpPair ( xpAttr " op " xpickle ) xpickle ) , xpWrap ( uncurry3 $ BinExpr , \ ( BinExpr op e1 e2 ) -> ( op , e1 , e2 ) ) $ ( xpElem " binex " $ xpTriple ( xpAttr " op " xpickle ) xpickle xpickle ) ] instance XmlPickler
Stmt where xpickle = xpAlt tag ps where tag ( Assign _ _ ) = 0 tag ( Stmts _ ) = 1 tag ( If _ _ _ ) = 2 tag ( While _ _ ) = 3 ps = [ xpWrap ( uncurry Assign , \ ( Assign n v ) -> ( n , v ) ) $ ( xpElem " assign " $ xpPair ( xpAttr " name " xpText ) xpickle ) , xpWrap ( Stmts , \ ( Stmts sl ) -> sl ) $ ( xpElem " block " $ xpList xpickle ) , xpWrap ( uncurry3
If , \ ( If c t e ) -> ( c , t , e ) ) $ ( xpElem " if " $ xpTriple xpickle xpickle xpickle ) , xpWrap ( uncurry While , \ ( While c b ) -> ( c , b ) ) $ ( xpElem " while " $ xpPair xpickle xpickle ) ]
The root pickler is xpProgram which wraps the main statement in a program element .
The program element is decorated with a fixed attribute , defining a name space declaration , just for demonstrating the use of the xpAddFixedAttr .
For the operators two variants are shown .
The UnOp is converted with read / show ( xpPrim ) , The Op is in XML represented by a number ( xpWrap ( toEnum , fromEnum ) ) .
The Expr and Stmt picklers are a bit more interesting .
We have to select a pickler for every constructor of the data type .
This is done by mapping each variant to a number and then index a list of picklers with this number .
For all variants the values are converted with xpWrap into simple values or tuples , and then these values are mapped to XML elements .
The simple fields are encoded in attributes , the complex ( and recursive ) are encoded as child elements .
The complete pickler definitions consist of about 60 lines of code .
A simple program as Haskell value
p2 :: Program p2 = Stmts [ Assign x ( IntConst 6 ) , Assign y ( IntConst 7 ) , Assign p ( IntConst 0 ) , While ( BinExpr Neq ( Var x ) ( IntConst 0 ) ) ( If ( BinExpr Neq ( BinExpr Mod ( Var x ) ( IntConst 2 ) ) ( IntConst 0 ) ) ( Stmts [ Assign x ( BinExpr Sub ( Var x ) ( IntConst 1 ) ) , Assign p ( BinExpr Add ( Var p ) ( Var y ) ) ] ) ( Just ( Stmts [ Assign x ( BinExpr Div ( Var x ) ( IntConst 2 ) ) , Assign y ( BinExpr Mul ( Var y ) ( IntConst 2 ) ) ] ) ) ) ] where x = " x " y = " y " p = " p "
An example program with all variants of statements and expressions .
The serialized program as XML
< program xmlns= " program42 " > < block > < assign name= " x " > < int value = " 6 " /> </ assign > < assign name= "y " > < int value= " 7 " /> </ assign > < assign name= " p " > < int value= " 0 " /> </ assign > < while > < binex op = " 6 " > < var name= " x " /> < int value= " 0 " /> </ binex > < if > < binex op = " 6 " > < binex op = " 4 " > < var name= " x " /> < int value= " 2 " /> </ binex > < int value= " 0 " /> </ binex > < block > < assign name= " x " > < binex op = " 1 " > < var name= " x " /> < int value= " 1 " /> </ binex > </assign > < assign name= " p " > < binex op= " 0 " > < var name= " p " /> < var name= " y " /> </ binex > </assign > </ block > < block > < assign name= " x " > < binex op = " 3 " > < var name= " x " /> < int value= " 2 " /> </ binex > </assign > < assign name= "y " > < binex op = " 2 " > < var name= "y " /> < int value= " 2 " /> </ binex > </assign > </ block > </ if > </ while > </ block > </ program >
This document is generated by executing the following piece of code
storeProgram :: IO ( ) storeProgram = do runX ( constA p2 >>> xpickleDocument xpProgram [ withIndent yes -- indent XML ] " pickle.xml " ) return ()
It 's loaded from a file with
loadProgram :: IO Program loadProgram = do [ p2 ] <- runX ( xunpickleDocument xpProgram [ withRemoveWS yes -- remove redundant whitespace , withValidate no -- do n't validate source ] " pickle.xml " ) return p2
The withRemoveWS configuration option is necessary because the XML document was formatted and filled up with redundant whitespace when written .
A few words of advice
These picklers are a powerful tool for de-/ serializing from / to XML .
Only a few lines of code are needed for serializing as well as for deserializing .
But they are absolutely intolerant when dealing with invalid XML .
They are intended to read machine generated XML , ideally generated by the same pickler .
When unpickling hand written XML or XML generated by foreign tools , please validate the XML before reading , preferably with RelaxNG or XML Schema , because of the more powerful validation schema than DTDs .
When designing picklers , one must be careful to put enough markup into the XML structure , to read the XML back without the need for a lookahead and without any ambiguities .
The simplest case of a not working pickler is a pair of primitve picklers e.g. for some text .
In this case the text is written out and concatenated into a single string , when parsing the XML , there will only be a single string and the pickler will fail because of a missing value for the second component .
So at least every primitive pickler must be combined with an xpElem or xpAttr .
It 's possible to define various picklers per data type , and picklers can be used one way , just for serializing into XML / HTML .
So this approach can also be used to easily generate parts of a HTML document .
Please do not try to convert a whole large database into a single XML file with this approach .
This will run into memory problems when reading the data , because of the DOM approach used in HXT .
In the HXT distribution , there is a test case in the examples dir performance , where the pickling and unpickling is done with XML documents containing 2 million elements .
This is the limit for a 1G Intel box ( tested with ghc 6.8 ) .
There are two strategies to overcome these limitations .
The first is a SAX like approach , reading in simple tags and text elements and not building a tree structure , but writing the data instantly into a database .
For this approach the Tagsoup package can be useful .
The disadvantage is the programming effort for collecting and converting the data .
The second and recommended way is , to split the whole bunch of data into smaller pieces , unpickle these and link the resulting documents together by the use of ' hrefs .
More Examples
Exxamples dealing with direct conversion to / from XML without the use of picklers can be found under HXT / Practical .
Reading / writing between XML and Haskell data types without XML picklers
This is an example for reading and writing XML without the use of picklers .
It was developed before the picklers were added to HXT .
The code shows that it 's much more effort to implement a conversion than with the technique described above .
Serializing to Xml
We can create an HXT tree from a single - layer data class as follows :
import IO import Char import Text.XML.HXT .Arrow import Data .
Generics -- our data class we 'll convert into xml data Config = Config { username :: String , logNumDays :: Int , oleDbString :: String } deriving ( Show , Typeable , Data ) -- helper function adapted from http://www.defmacro.org/ramblings/haskell-web.html -- ( gshow replaced by gshow ' ) introspectData :: Data a => a -> [( String , String ) ] introspectData a = zip fields ( gmapQ gshow ' a ) where fields = constrFields $ toConstr a gshow ' :: Data a => a ->
String gshow ' t = fromMaybe ( showConstr ( toConstr t ) ) ( cast t ) -- function to create xml string from single - layer Haskell data type xmlSerialize object = " < " ++ show ( toConstr object ) ++ " > " ++ foldr ( \ ( a , b ) x -> x ++ " < " ++ a ++ " > " ++ b ++ " </ " ++ a ++ " > " ) " " ( introspectData object ) ++ " </ " ++ show ( toConstr object ) ++ " > " -- function to create HXT tree arrow from single - layer Haskell data type : createHxtArrow object = runLA ( constA ( xmlSerialize object ) >>> xread ) -- create a config object to serialize : createConfig = Config { username = " test " , logNumDays = 3 , oleDbString = " qsdf " } -- test function , using our Config data type testConversion = createHxtArrow ( createConfig ) ()
-- hughperkins
Deserializing from Xml
Here 's a solution to deserialize a simple Haskell data type containing Strings and Ints .
It 's not really pretty , but it works .
Basically , we just convert the incoming xml into gread - compatible format , then use gread :-D
Currently it works for a simple single - layer Haskell data type containing Ints and Strings .
You can add new child data types by adding to the case statement in xmlToGShowFormat .
If someone has a more elegant solution , please let me know ( hughperkins@gmail.com )
module ParseXml where import IO import Char import List import Maybe import Data .
Generics hiding ( Unit ) import Text.XML.HXT .Arrow hiding ( when ) data Config = Config { name :: String , age :: Int } -- data Config = Config{ age :: Int } deriving ( Data , Show , Typeable , Ord , Eq , Read ) createConfig = Config " qsdfqsdf " 3 --createConfig = Config 3 gshow ' :: Data a => a ->
String gshow ' t = fromMaybe ( showConstr ( toConstr t ) ) ( cast t ) -- helper function from http://www.defmacro.org/ramblings/haskell-web.html introspectData :: Data a => a -> [( String , String ) ] introspectData a = zip fields ( gmapQ gshow ' a ) where fields = constrFields $ toConstr a -- function to create xml string from single - layer Haskell data type xmlSerialize object = " < " ++ show ( toConstr object ) ++ " > " ++ foldr ( \ ( a , b ) x -> x ++ " < " ++ a ++ " > " ++ b ++ " </ " ++ a ++ " > " ) " " ( introspectData object ) ++ " </ " ++ show ( toConstr object ) ++ " > " -- parse xml to HXT tree , and obtain the value of node " fieldname " -- returns a string getValue xml fieldname = listToMaybe resultlist where resultlist = runLA ( constA xml >>> xread >>> deep ( has Name fieldname ) >>> getChildren >>> getText ) [ ] -- parse templateobject to get list of field names -- apply these to xml to get list of values -- return ( fieldnames list , value list ) xmlToGShowFormat :: Data a => String -> a ->
String xmlToGShowFormat xml templateobject = go where mainconstructorname = ( showConstr $ toConstr templateobject ) fields = constrFields $ toConstr templateobject values = map ( getValue xml ) fields datatypes = gmapQ ( dataTypeOf ) templateobject constrs = gmapQ ( toConstr ) templateobject datatypereps = gmapQ ( dataTypeRep .
dataTypeOf ) templateobject fieldtogshowformat value IntRep = " ( " ++ fromJust value ++ " ) " fieldtogshowformat value _ = show ( fromJust value ) formattedfieldlist = zipWith fieldtogshowformat values datatypereps go = " ( " ++ mainconstructorname ++ " " ++ unwords formattedfieldlist ++ " ) " xmlDeserialize xml templateobject = fst $ head $ gread ( xmlToGShow Format xml templateobject ) dotest = xmlDeserialize ( xmlSerialize createConfig ) createConfig :: Config dotest ' = xmlDeserialize ( " < Config >< age >12</age >< name > test name !</name></Config > " ) createConfig :: Config
Israeli aircrafts dropped exploding boxes full of leaflets across the Gaza Strip today , littering the tiny enclave with threats to shoot any Gazans who come within 300 meters of the border fence .
The exploding boxes themselves caused a casualty , injuring a 12 year old in eastern Gaza City .
The boxes also damaged several homes across the area .
The Israeli military has shot multiple Gaza civilians since the end of its invasion of the strip , including several farmers whose fields were close to the border .
The warning is raising concern that civilians will be in greater danger in upcoming days .
In the densely populated strip , many residents live less than 300 meters from the border fence .
One of the residents wondered if “ the Israelis expect these people to start migrating yet again and flee like during the war . ”
Blocking off 300 meters across the entire border would actually make a considerable portion of the strip into a no - man ’s land , but for the enclaves 1.5 million inhabitants , it is just business as usual in their ever shrinking home .
The Gaza war saw thousands of civilian casualties and damaged roughly 15 % of the strip ’s buildings .
Months later the damage has been scarcely improved , as Israel has continued to bar reconstruction supplies from entering .
With no access to cement and steel , many are constructing mud huts for shelter .
Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
What are platonic friends for ?
Male and female baboons form platonic friendships , where sex is off the menu .
Having a caring friend around seems to greatly benefit the females and their infants , as both are harassed less by other baboons when in the company of their male pal .
But why the males choose to be platonic friends remains a mystery .
The finding published in Behavioral Sociobiology and Ecology also suggests that male baboons may be able to innately recognise their offspring .
Primatologist Nga Nguyen decided to investigate the occurrence of ' platonic ' friendships in four groups of yellow baboons living in Amboseli , Kenya .
To do so , Nguyen , now at California State University Fullerton , teamed up with colleagues Russell Van Horn of the Zoological Society of San Diego , California , and Susan Alberts of Duke University in Durham , North Carolina and Jeanne Altmann of Princeton University , New Jersey .
Male and females of a few species of monkey , including baboons , macaques and others are known to form so - called ' friendships ' , where particular males and females will spend a lot of time in each other 's company .
These friendships are often strictly platonic , and do n't seem to involve sex .
But no - one knows why they occur .
We do n't really know what these guys got out of the friendship
Primatologist Nga Nguyen
" We do n't really know what males or females get from these friendships , " says Nguyen .
" Males should be off trying to get other females to mate with them , not squandering their time on a female with a young infant . "
So Nguyen 's team investigated whether these chaperone males were actually fathering infants with their female friends .
They studied the behaviour of more than 500 male and females in the four groups , and used genetic tests to determine the paternity of 183 of the baboons , including 23 young infants being cared for by a mother and her chaperone .
Half of all the male chaperones did turn out to be the father of the infant whose mother they befriended .
That is highly surprising in one respect , because each of the females mated with multiple males around the time they conceived .
" But of these potential dads , only the genetic dads became friends , " says Nguyen .
" To my knowledge , human males cannot tell their own offspring from unrelated offspring , but somehow baboon dads can tell . "
But the study revealed an even bigger surprise .
" Half of the friends were not genetic fathers .
But these guys were n't even potential fathers , that is , they did n't even mate with the female when she conceived the infant , and these guys did n't receive mating benefits . "
Friends do n't always become sexual partners
" So we really do n't know what these guys got out of the friendship , other than maybe spending time with a mum and a new baby and having other females seeing this . "
The suggestion here is that by chaperoning a female in a platonic relationship , a male might advertise his parental skills to other females , who then might consider him a worthy partner .
But as yet , there 's no evidence for this or any other reason why males become chaperones .
However , for the females , the benefits of having a chaperone are clear .
" We found direct evidence that friendships provided a social benefit to mothers and infants , " says Nguyen .
" We found that mother - infant pairs who spent a lot of time with their male friends received a lot less harassment from other females in the group , and the infants cried a lot less too , than pairs who spent less time hanging out with their male friends .
This could translate into big gains for infants who may be more likely to survive infancy , as harassment can lead to injury , " she says .
" It was especially exciting when I looked and saw what a huge difference having a friend around means for the mother and infant .
We 've long suspected that mother - infant pairs got some social benefit from the male friends , but this benefit had never before been documented . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Veteran photojournalist Bruce Haley has seen the worst of us .
He ’s covered conflicts stretching back to the Afghan battle against the Soviet Union .
For his work on Burma ’s bloody ethnic civil war , he received the Robert Capa Gold Medal , which honors photographic reporting that requires exceptional courage .
Ten years ago , Haley wrote this timeless essay , arguably more relevant today than when it was originally drafted .
( It appears here excerpted and renumbered , but is available intact online at www.brucehaleypictures.com.)
It ’s part training manual and part memoir , mostly tragic and a little bit hilarious .
You can also read an interview with Haley about his work .
— The Editors
1 To begin , practice this sentence : “ If I get out of here alive , I ’ll never do this again . ”
You ’ll say this to yourself every time an already dangerous situation really turns to shit .
2 As a general rule , people do n’t catapult 10 feet into the air when an artillery round explodes near them , despite what Hollywood war movies depict .
3 The editors of major magazines do n’t give a rat ’s ass about the latest war and famine in the hinterlands of East BurkinaTimorLanka .
You ’ll never get an assignment to cover this unless Leo­nardo DiCaprio becomes a rebel commander and Tommy Hilfiger designs his battle fatigues .
4 Absent Leo and Tommy , a few murdered white tourists will cause a temporary blip on the radar screen . . . or not .
5 True anarchy sucks .
Forget those tie -dyed , dreadlocked white kids in university towns who advocate hemp and “ anarchy ” — if the real thing ever happens , those assholes will be on the bottom of the food chain .
6 If a rebel commander asks whether you would like to be buried in his country or your own , he might very well be serious and not just testing your resolve .
7 If the rebel commander from # 6 sends you along on what turns out to be a kamikaze mission , it could be because the British journalist accompanying you happened to fart during dinner the previous evening , causing said leader and his aides to rise silently and file out of the small mountain hut ( a very , very bad sign ) .
8 It is said that sudden fright causes people to soil themselves .
Sustained fright causes increased flatulence : fear - farting .
I have seen Afghan mujahedeen run out into a heavy rain of incoming artillery rather than shelter in a small crevice with two fear - farting Western journalists .
9 Do you believe in a personal , loving God who really cares about us mortals down here ?
Go to a few war zones and famine areas and watch all the innocent children die , then answer this question .
10 On the flip side of # 9 : Many of the people who have suffered through such hardships show the greatest faith I ’ve ever encountered on the planet .
Go figure .
11 If some natural phenomenon occurs with supernatural timing and saves your ass from almost certain death and you ’re told that Allah just intervened , believe it .
- Advertisement -
12 Are you rabidly devoted to saving all of the world ’s wildlife ?
Would you be enraged if you saw a guerrilla soldier blow a monkey out of a tree with an M - 16 ?
Bugger off .
After weeks of living on the run in the jungle , eating nothing but rice , that barbecued monkey leg tasted like filet mignon .
13 Chances are your most vehement detractors have never walked a mile in your war - zone moccasins , or experienced anything more dangerous than a broken lawn chair .
14 Study and understand the different types of weapon systems .
Once they spring off the page and are actually firing at you and exploding around you , you will wish you had devoted more effort to that study .
15 If you do n’t entirely understand the concept of indirect fire , do not go to a war zone .
If you remember only one thing from this article , let this be it .
16 Do n’t be too “ macho ” to take cover .
Forget about Robert Duvall in Apocalypse Now .
If you do that and you ’re not a movie star , prepare to eat hot metal .
17 Dead photographers do n’t take any more good pictures , and your agent and relatives will be the only ones to profit from the sudden interest in your old stuff .
18 Amoebic dysentery really , truly sucks .
19 No matter how good you think you are at “ holding it , ” amoebic dysentery always wins .
20 Never wear shorts when you ’re afflicted with amoebic dysentery .
At least with long pants on , no one will see that telltale bright - red trickle running down your leg until it hits your shoes .
21 While we ’re on the subject of shorts , also never wear them when you are riding an Asian elephant .
Between the murderous razor - blade hair and the infernal cloud of biting flies that are constantly swarming the poor beast , you will think you are in one of Dante ’s circles of hell .
22 Back to war :
If you have become adept at dodging unwanted social invitations back home , apply this skill when you are asked along on a kamikaze mission with ill - equipped teenage soldiers who are hopelessly outnumbered .
23 The downside to the advice in # 22 is that you generally do n’t realize that you ’ve tagged along on a kamikaze mission until things truly turn to shit and you ca n’t get the hell out because you ’re pinned down .
Now is a good time to refer back to # 1 .
24 Also :
If the soldiers you are accompanying believe that to die a martyr ’s death admits them to paradise , while you believe that to die a war photographer ’s death probably just hurts a lot , this difference should give you pause for reflection .
25 Always keep in mind the following when you photograph people in war zones and other awful places :
You ’re there because you want to be — they are n’t .
You can leave — they can’t .
26 And a few more :
Keep up and hump your own gear .
People in war zones , believe it or not , have other concerns besides carrying your shit for you and waiting for you to catch up . . .
Keep your sense of humor intact , even if it is a black one . . .
Laugh at yourself . . .
Truly give a damn about the world . . .
Be humble . . .
Peace .
An early morning blaze at a small - town farm led police to the discovery of a multi-million dollar grow - op on Sunday .
The South Simcoe police were called at around 5 a.m. to a barn house in the area of Simcoe Rd. and Canal Rd. in Bradford West Gwillimbury .
Police attempted to wake up the residents at a nearby two - storey home 20 feet away from the barn on the property .
After no response , they kicked down the door and discovered the residence filled to the brim with marijuana plants .
" The house was full of it , " said Sgt. James Buchanan .
Approximately 2,300 plants were found with an estimated street value of $ 2.3 million .
The nearby barn was completely burned down , though police say that it was also used to store and grow marijuana plants .
Police have not been able to determine the cause of the fire at this time .
Bradford West Gwillimbury , located 35 kilometres south of Barrie , is a town home to just 28,000 .
" Historically there have been large grow - ops over the years in the area .
You can stumble on two grow - ops in a week , but not have another one in eight months , " said Buchanan .
Two 40 - year - old men have been arrested and remain in police custody .
Their names are not being released at this time .
From John Ensign 's college introduction to the Promise Keepers movement , through the Senator 's current membership in a Las Vegas church within the International Church of the Foursquare Gospel denomination , to his current residence in a house owned by Youth With a Mission , a parachurch evangelical organization founded in 1960 by Loren Cunningham - who espouses a doctrine of Christian infiltration of key societal sectors , Senator Ensign has throughout his political career associated with charismatic Christian religious entities in the forefront of promoting a radical and new approach that is redefining Christian evangelism , which now includes a heavy emphasis on the exorcism of demons as a key to a healthy , productive , and moral life .
In the vanguard of the now international demon- deliverance movement is pastor Jack Hayford , who co-authored the 1997 book " Loving Your City Into the Kingdom " together with former National Association of Evangelicals head Ted Haggard .
According to Journalist Max Blumenthal , writing for The Daily Beast , Ensign is a confident of Jack Hayford , and other evidence substantiates John Ensign 's strong ties to the denomination , which Hayford has headed for five years .
In 2003 the International Church of the Foursquare Gospel paid for Senator Ensign to travel to Philadelphia , where Ensign addressed the Foursquare denomination 's yearly convention .
In 2006 , Ensign addressed the Foursquare Gospel yearly convention via a videotaped speech .
Ensign 's connection to Hayford is further underlined through the mutual involvement of the two men in The Promise Keepers , a movement that during the 1990's drew crowds of hundreds of thousands of men to Christian rallies .
According to the Las Vegas Review - Journal , Ensign addressed a 2003 Las Vegas Promise Keepers rally , and Jack Hayford has played a substantial role in the Promise Keepers movement .
GOP Senator Ensign 's recent disclosure of an extramarital affair is particularly damaging because Ensign has campaigned on a family values platform , and the Promise Keepers seven vows include the following :
" A Promise Keeper is committed to practicing spiritual , moral , ethical and sexual purity .
A Promise Keeper is committed to building strong marriages and families through love , protection and Biblical values . "
A lesser - known aspect of the Promise Keepers is the ministry 's promotion of charismatic doctrines , as evidenced in its promotion of Dove Ministry founder Bill Subritzky , who teaches demon deliverance practices .
In late June 2009 , a YouTube video from a Bridgeport , Connecticut black evangelical church , showing an attempt to exorcise a " homosexual demon " from a sixteen - year old teenager sparked national controversy , as well as condemnation from the left and from gay rights advocates .
But at least one report suggests that a program which seeks to exorcise gay demons was during the 1990's institutionalized at Ted Haggard 's Colorado Springs New Life Church .
Beyond promoting dubious attempts to banish homosexual demons , former head of the National Association of evangelicals Ted Haggard and current president of the 5 - 10 million member strong ( estimates vary ) International Church of the Foursquare Gospel Jack Hayford have each promoted exorcism , nationally and worldwide as well .
As reporter Richard N. Ostling described , in a May 9 , 2003 Associated Press story , Cleansing Stream Ministries originated at Jack Hayford 's Van Nuys , California Church on The Way , and Hayford still presides over the entity - which is part of a controversial but growing " demon deliverance " movement ( sometimes just referred to as " deliverance " ) , that , according to Ostling , teaches " do - it - yourself exorcism " methods .
Ostling 's AP story described controversy within the American evangelical community that new " spiritual warfare " doctrines were provoking in the early part of the current decade :
" Evangelical Protestants , who generate many of American religion 's notable innovations , are at war over one of them , known as " spiritual warfare . "
This expanding movement believes that Christians regularly become captive to indwelling demons , which are often said to specialize in particular sins , geographic locations , objects or age groups .
The believer is taught to rebuke the demon and command its departure in Jesus ' name , sort of a do - it - yourself exorcism ....
Spiritual warfare proponents include the international Cleansing Stream Ministries , at the Church on the Way in Van Nuys , Calif ... "
Richard Ostling 's story focused on criticism of the new demon-centric approach to health care from conservative evangelical Christian Hank Hanegraaff , a Christian Research Institute member popularly known as the " Bible Answer Man " , who charged the new approach derived from secular pop-culture :
Hanegraaff charges that the " deliverance industry " mimics secular pop culture .
He says major Christian emphasis on demons and deliverance emerged only after the 1973 movie " The Exorcist " and other entertainment vehicles . "
Demon deliverance ideas have been widely promoted in a range of contexts that include a Christian approach to mental health known as " Theophostic Ministry . "
According to a 2001 Christianity Today article one of the key proponents of the demon - based mental health paradigm , Ed Smith , founder of Theophostic Ministries , teaches that , " demons , sometimes numbering in the hundreds , may inhabit and influence even a Christian 's mind .
These demons often work to keep people enslaved to what Smith calls the " lie - based thinking " causing their pain .
He teaches that these demons have to be expelled for a client to see full relief . "
Megachurch pastor Jack Hayford has contributed chapters to , and co-written with , a number of books by top leaders in C. Peter Wagner 's New Apostolic Reformation ( such as the 1997 Loving Your City Into The Kingdom , which Hayford co-wrote with Wagner 's close working associate Ted Haggard ) .
Hayford currently provides a booklet , available for free download from Hayford 's personal website , that advocates the contemporary practice of exorcism ( link to PDF file of 19 page booklet ) .
As explained in Hayford 's booklet , " The Finger of God " ,
This matter is not " some new doctrine , " nor is it a fringe area of arcane preoccupation .
The doctrine of exorcism is as old as the Scriptures and the ministry thereof as ancient as the Church .
That sectors of the Church have largely neglected or denied this ministry certainly should not be accepted as an argument against its place or validity .
Church history reveals that there has always been an ecclesiastical inclination to retreat from the most demanding realms of spiritual pursuit ; such as the passion of prayer , the evangelistic spread of the Gospel , the welcome of the Holy Spirit 's fullness for all ministry , the acceptance of the gifts of the Spirit , the expectation of signs and wonders -- and as well , the willingness to confront the dark powers of hell oppressing a believer .
" The Finger of God " booklet is derived from a book by Jack Hayford by that name , and the booklet serves as part of the " Cleansing Stream " ministry empire Hayford has developed over the last two decades , which has many hundreds of " Cleansing Stream " ministry nodes worldwide , including in Hong Kong , The Netherlands , Canada , and Germany .
Cleansing Stream ministries is now pastored by one of C. Peter Wagner 's International Coalition of Apostles apostles , Chris Hayward and concerns , as Jack Hayford explained in his 1993 booklet , " deliverance " from demonic possession :
" ... it is a peculiar fact that hosts of pastor - shepherds withdraw from , or choose disbelief toward , the ministry of confronting the demonic in either prayer 's spiritual warfare or in the personal ministry of deliverance , usually as much due to fear of professional criticism as to doubts about the need of these ministries ...
There is a definite potential of losing status in the eyes of ecclesiastical critics or of fellow - servants , who are so trapped by the materialistic mind - set of a non-discerning , demon denying society that such ministry is deemed archaic or superstitious . "
Hayford then goes on to elaborate some of the obstacles which have stood in the way of the proliferation of Christian ministries based on casting out demons from believing Christians :
- Deliverance ministry is too seldom defined clearly .
- Demonic matters seem to incite some to fanaticism .
- The nature of " spiritual bondage " is often confused and poorly expressed .
- The means to spiritual freedom from demonic oppression are too often stereotyped in a way that removes many leaders from even imagining their own involvement .
- There too often arises a preoccupation with this aspect of ministry as a " cure all , " or as being " superior " to other ministry areas , or as being only the ministry of a " gifted few . "
As described on the Cleansing Streams Australia website which provides professionally designed materials , such as trifold flyers , promoting the ministry , Cleansing Streams Australia is implemented through a 12 week course that provides intense small - group therapy .
The description , below , avoids mentioning the basic premise - of expelling demons which , per the name of the ministry , are like dirt to be washed off , or from , participants :
" When we commence our journey as children of God we carry with us hurts of the past , bondages and burdens .
These can hinder us in living the life that God has planned for us and being effective in serving Christ .
Cleansing Stream is a 12 week course that empowers , encourages and releases believers into the fullness of their kingdom inheritance .
It takes place in a small group setting .
The course includes 5 video sessions ( 45 mins ) , with workbook , audio teachings and reading material .
An essential part of the Cleansing Stream course is a weekend retreat ( Friday night and Saturday ) where believers can experience and apply the truths they have been investigating . "
Here 's the complete version of this story , at the Huffington Post
If you like this story , please vote it up on Digg and Reddit .
Thanks .
It used to be that Apple could do little wrong , if the unrelenting mania among the masses for the iPod and iPhone is any indication .
Now , the company may have made an unusual and embarassing mis-step in selling a 99 - cent “ Baby Shaker ” application for the iPhone .
Designed by Sikalosoft , the program encourages users to silence an incessantly crying baby by shaking their iPhone until the infant desists , and two red crosses replace the baby ’s eyes .
On Wednesday , the Sarah Jane Brain Foundation , whose mission is to spread awareness of infant brain injury incurred through abuse or disease , condemned Apple for hosting the application .
“ As the father of a 3 - year - old who was shaken by her baby nurse when she was only 5 days old , breaking 3 ribs , both collarbones and causing a severe brain injury , words cannot describe my reaction , ” Patrick Donohue , Founder of the Sarah Jane Brain Foundation , stated in an open e-mail to Apple CEO Steve Jobs and several of his executives , demanding a personal apology .
“ You have no idea the number of children your actions have put at risk by your careless , thoughtless and reckless behavior !
We will do everything we can to expose your reckless actions and reverse the horrific impact it will have on the innocent children throughout the United States . ”
Apple , which expects to sell its one - billionth app download this week , says it vets every program for sale on iTunes .
The app was pulled as of Wednesday afternoon , a spokeswoman said without elaborating .
According to the Sarah Jane Brain Foundation ’s communications director , Jennipher Dickens , whose 2 - year - old son has irreversible brain damage as a victim of Shaken Baby Syndrome , the app is most likely to be downloaded by the very same young male demographic statistically most likely to shake infants .
Perhaps most controversial was the sales pitch for the app : “ See how long you can endure his or her adorable cries before you just have to find a way to quiet the baby down ! ”
Krapps , a website that writes about apps for iPhone , Twitter , Facebook and MySpace , first shed light on the Baby Shaker controversy .
A never - before - heard recording of the dramatic moment in which British boffins observed a Soviet attempt to scupper American victory in the race to the Moon has been made available to the public for the first time .
With characteristic understatement , scientists at Jodrell Bank , led by its founder Sir Bernard Lovell can be heard as they track the Russian ’s Luna 15 probe as it crashes into the surface of the moon just hours after the American Eagle Lander was due to begin its return journey in July 1969 .
In stark contrast to the whoops of jubilation from Nasa ’s highly - charged mission control at Cape Canaveral in Florida , a cool calm Sir Bernard can be heard describing the unfolding events in measured tones .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
As they reach their denouement one voice from the University of Manchester observatory in Cheshire can be heard to exclaim : “ I say , this has really been drama of the highest order ” having presumably momentarily stopped puffing on his pipe to interject .
Others describe the final moments before the Russian probe is lost .
One says “ it ’s landing ” and “ it ’s going down much too fast ” at 15.50 on 21 July while another appears to gasp with excitement .
Listen to the recording
Jodrell played a vital role during the space race of the late 1950s and 1960s .
Data captured from the Lovell radio telescope , named after its creator , was used to assist the Americans not only with Apollo 11 but from the very earliest stages of man ’s quest into space .
It was also pressed into service to monitor Communist progress after Moscow had stolen a march on the Americans with the successful launch of the Sputnik satellite .
Sir Bernard , 96 , who recently revealed how he survived an assassination attempt using a lethal radiation dose during a visit to a Soviet space facility in 1963 , can also be heard during the recording to cite a “ well - informed source in Moscow ” who revealed a change in orbit of the Luna 15 .
The probe had been launched three days ahead of Apollo .
Even though it was unmanned and its exact mission unknown , great excitement surrounded the technological head to head between the world ’s superpowers .
Experts at Jodrell calculated that the Luna probe was on a slower trajectory than its predecessors and it entered the moons orbit four days before touchdown .
The signals given of by the probe were new to observers who immediately reported their discoveries back to the Americans who feared the Russians were trying to sabotage their mission , as well as explaining events to the British public through a series of media releases .
It is calculated now however that even if it had landed safely rather than careering out of control into the lunar surface and completed its objectives of recovering soil and rock samples from the Moon , its trajectory meant it would still have been too slow to beat Neil Armstrong and his crew back to Earth and whatever limited propaganda value Moscow may have squeezed out of the situation would have been lost .
During an earlier Soviet moon probe , Luna 9 , the Jodrell team captured images from the craft and used a primitive fax from the offices of the Daily Express in Manchester to print the pictures being sent down from space .
If your laptop is getting long in the tooth , there is no reason to rush out to buy a new one .
Instead , you can relegate the most demanding computer tasks to your desktop machine and use your laptop to run applications remotely .
This solution ( often called the server / thin client model ) has several advantages .
The obvious one is , of course , that you can give your old laptop a new lease of life without spending money on memory or hard disk upgrades .
Moreover , since all your documents and files are stored on your desktop computer , you do n’t have to worry about keeping your data on different machines in sync .
To accomplish the magical transformation of your laptop into a powerful workhorse , you need to do two things : you have to install and configure a VNC server on your desktop computer , and set up a VNC client on your laptop .
VNC is a system that allows you to control a remote computer as if you were sitting in front of it .
And if you run the VNC client in full screen on your laptop , it ’s almost impossible to tell that you are controlling a remote machine .
VNC is not the fastest system of its kind , but it is very easy to configure and straightforward in use .
And if you run it on your home network , it is fast enough for most tasks .
Installing and configuring the VNC server
Figure 1 . Enabling the Remote Desktop feature on Ubuntu .
If you are running Ubuntu or Kubuntu on your desktop machine , turning it into a VNC server is as easy as it gets , and you have several options to choose from .
On Ubuntu , the quickest solution is to use the built - in remote desktop feature .
Simply choose System > Preferences >
Remote Desktop , tick the “ Allow other users to view your desktop ” and “ Allow other users to control your desktop ” check boxes .
In the Security section , tick the “ Require the user to enter this password ” check box and enter the desired password into the Password field .
Before you close the window , note the command you can use to access the desktop ( it looks something like this : vncviewer localhost: 0 ) .
That ’s it : close the window and your server is ready to go .
This solution , however , has some drawbacks .
Notably , it does n’t have any configuration options , meaning you ca n’t customize it in any way .
Figure 2 . Installing the TightVNC server .
A better solution is to use a dedicated VNC server software like TightVNC ( http://www.tightvnc.com/), one of the most popular and feature - rich VNC implementations out there .
TightVNC is available in Ubuntu repositories , so you can easily install it using the Synaptic package manager .
Choose Applications >
Add / Remove and press the Advanced button to switch to Synaptic .
To locate TightVNC , click on the Search icon , enter “ vnc ” in the search field and press OK .
In the list of found packages , select tightvncserver , right - click on it , and select Mark for Installation .
Click on the Apply button to install the package .
Alternatively , you can install the TightVNC software from the command line using the following command :
sudo apt - get install tightvncserver
Figure 3 . Installing the TightVNC server from the command line .
Once TightVNC is installed , launch The Terminal program ( Applications > Accessories > Terminal ) and run the “ vncserver ” command .
You will then be prompted to enter access and view - only passwords .
Once you ’ve done that , you should see a line that looks something like this :
New ‘ X ’ desktop is localhost :
1
This indicates that the TightVNC server is up and running with display number 1 .
Unlike GNOME ’s built - in Remote Desktop feature , TightVNC allows you to specify several important options such as display dimensions and color depth .
Why is this important ?
Let ’s say the display on your desktop machine has a 1024×768 resolution while your laptop can only manage 800×600 .
If you run the TightVNC server using the default settings , you end up with a display image that does n’t fit the screen of your laptop .
To prevent this from happening , you can set the TightVNC server to run in 800×600 mode using the - geometry option :
vncsever - geometry 800×600
The same goes for color depth .
If your laptop can only handle 16 - bit color depth or you want to speed things up a bit , you can set the TightVNC server to run in 16 - bit color mode using the - depth option :
vncserver - depth 16
Of course , you can combine both options :
vncserver - geometry 800×600 - depth 16
Using the VNC client
Now that the VNC server is up and running on your desktop machine , you have to take care of your laptop .
No matter what Linux distribution you are using on your laptop , chances are it has VNC client software already installed .
For example , if you are running Xubuntu , which perfectly suits older hardware , you can launch the VNC viewer using the “ vncviewer ” command .
If the vnc client is not installed , you can easily do that by executing the following command :
sudo apt - get install xtightvncviewer
Alternatively , you might want to consider installing a lean and fast Linux distribution like Damn Small Linux DSL for short–which will turn your old laptop into a speed demon .
In fact , you do n’t even have to install DSL at all : since it ’s a live CD Linux distibution , it can happily run off the CD .
This also means that you can use your laptop even if its hard disk is dead .
Boot your laptop off the DSL CD , click on the VCNViewer icon to launch the VNC client , enter the IP address of your desktop machine followed by a colon and the display number , and you are good to go .
Figure 4 . Laptop with Damn Small Linux running OpenOffice.org off the server .
by Dmitri Popov
A MINISTER who embarked on a mission to see if people could correctly identify Bible stories says the findings have caused “ shock and disbelief ” .
Since September 2006 the Rev Brian Brown , who lives in Yarnton and is a minister in the Oxford Methodist circuit , has been trying to find out how many people could name the 10 commandments or explain Biblical tales such as the Good Samaritan , the Prodigal Son , or Joseph and his brothers .
After interviewing about 900 people across the country , Mr Brown found less than one in 20 people could name all 10 commandments — and 16 per cent could n’t name any at all .
Sixty per cent of those interviewed knew nothing about the tale of the Good Samaritan and 40 per cent did not know the tradition of Christmas gifts came from the story of the wise men bringing gold , frankincense and myrrh to the baby Jesus .
The research was carried out around the country , including in Newcastle , Redditch , Lewisham , and Poole .
Mr Brown said : “ There has been almost an outcry ( about the findings ) among the Ministry and a great burst of concern .
“ I am not surprised by the figures because it is not something we did n’t know about , but it is the first time we have had the figures there , staring you straight in the face .
“ People do not want to believe it and some try to put a positive spin on it and look at the percentages of people who do know the stories .
“ It shows the figures disturb people . ”
The research was carried out as part of Mr Brown ’s work as a fellow at St John ’s College , Durham University .
Mr Brown , formerly head of religious studies at Lady Spencer Churchill College , Oxford , tested out the questionnaire at Lime Walk Methodist Church in Oxford .
He said he was shocked that despite the most successful programme on television at the time of the research being Andrew Lloyd Webber ’s search for a singer to perform the role of Joseph in Joseph and the Amazing Technicolour Dreamcoat , 57 per cent of those surveyed knew nothing at all about the story .
Mr Brown said : “ Like it or not , the Biblical tradition is the foundation of our Christian society .
“ Our legal , social and care systems all derive from the stories we have inherited over the years and it is a massive cultural weakness that our children are growing up without knowing or understanding these foundations . ”
This kitten was found with a broken leg , and I cared for it until the leg was healed and he could go on to ...
This kitten was found with a broken leg , and I cared for it until the leg was healed and he could go on to his new home .
I believe that this just might be the funniest meow I have ever heard , but you will have to be the judge of that .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
This message was received by email from Tehran three hours ago .
I have anonymized it and made a couple of orthographical corrections and am passing it on for what it is worth .
– JC
And on the thirteenth day Michael Jackson died .
Voice of America and BBC Persian are back up , if intermittently , and we crowd around like the rest of the world for the latest news .
It is almost a relief .
Being a full - time revolutionary is hard work , difficult to sustain .
Seeing the non -stop coverage , the obvious distraction of his passing , we grimly joke that Michael was a martyr for the cause .
At least he had the decency to delay his death until the worst violence had already passed .
Things are going back to their regular marks .
In the afternoons the parks fill up again with old ladies and young couples .
There ’s badminton and soccer for kids to play at night .
Well - dressed men in jackets and dress pants exercise on the cardio equipment provided by the city .
The scenes around the squares , lately the places of so much celebration and trouble , are almost back to normal .
Traffic is back .
A car flies towards Ariashahr Square , a young man with slicked back hair and aviator glasses leans out of the passenger window chest first .
He removes his shades and turns his palms upwards , beseeching the ladies in the car next to him to pull over .
Unimpressed , or maybe they ’re being coy , the girls pull away and race ahead of their pursuers .
The two boys give chase .
Cops and basijis hang around the circle but do nothing , what do they care … ?
Every young person I see I wonder , What were you doing three weeks ago ?
Who were you then ?
I look for signs of subversion .
A girl wears a green headscarf .
A kid shifts gears in his Kia Pride with an arm encased in a green cast .
What does it mean ?
Together , in a crowd , the color green added up to something .
Alone , spread apart and without context , they are just moments of coincidence .
Television has become almost unbearable .
Stories alternate between the mundane and the absurd .
The evening news shows us parents waiting outside of testing halls where their kids are taking the Konkur , the once - yearly high stakes university entrance exam .
This year , more than ever , the Konkur is an act of faith .
For the less than half who get accepted and manage to finish their studies , one wonders what kind of job market will await them .
A friend remarks ,
We ’ve got to be the most educated unemployed in the world .
Sometimes it seems that all we do is attend class , schooling has become the ultimate distraction .
The report on the Konkur ends and the next item is the case of Neda Khanom .
Like Jim Garrison in JFK , the reporter shows us step - by - step how her death could NOT have been the result of a single gunman .
The caliber does n’t match , it occurred on side streets , why is there footage of her before the incident , etc . .
The reporter hints ominously at darker forces active inside of the country , that her death was no doubt a setup by a foreign power .
Even by IRI standards , the report is breathtaking .
Rather than hide the incident or pretend like it never happened , they try to play it to their advantage .
There seems to be nothing beyond the pale , no outrage too great …
We reminisce about better days , when the lying had enough truth in it that you could at least fool yourself into believing .
Khoobe , khoobe , bezar begand .
Harchi bishtar , baytar .
Good , good , let them say it .
The more the better .
Hamintor khatra siatar mikonand .
They ’ll only darken the line separating the people from the government .
We sit and plot , kitchen revolutionaries at work .
It is late and the drink is loosening our tongues .
What we need is leadership .
What about Mousavi ?
Poor Mousavi , all alone …
If only Khomeini were still around , he would have put all of these guys in their places ! , this last bit said by someone who has never accepted the Revolution .
At 10 the neighbors start up , Allah Akbar !
Allah Akbar !
We keep drinking , pressing our hands flat against the table and wondering if maybe they ’re letting us thrash around for a few weeks even as the screws tighten …
Still … I ’ve written elsewhere that none of this was supposed to happen .
It remains true .
It is the people , the mellat , that has taken on the most creative and unexpected role in this drama .
Their scenario remains the least predictable , and therefore most hopeful , of all of the actors , foreign or Iranian .
Iran ’s conspirators clearly did not expect the population to show up in such defiant numbers after June 12 and the truth be told , neither did many of us …
We are told , Mellat e Iran ra nashenakhtim .
The state says that the turnout and election results shows that the world and by implication the opposition did n’t understand the Iranian people .
Mellat e Iran ra nashenakhtim .
We did n’t understand the Iranian people , say certain analysts in Europe and the U.S. .
The vote proves that Ahmadinejad is loved and the West once again did n’t get the “ true Iran . ”
Still …as the unrest continues , daily taking new forms — Iran ’s innumerable revolutionary , religious , and national holidays promise to be new sites of protest–it would appear that it is the state and its band of fellow travelers in the West that has failed to understand what has happened …
Cats are on the prowl in the kuchehs and sidestreets of Tehran .
They ’ve never had it better .
A two - year effort by the city to outfit the capital with trash bins has gone to waste .
In a few nights of protest practically every bin in the city has been kicked over , stomped on , melted into its primal elements .
Neighbors have gone back to placing trash - filled yellow and black grocery bags at the end of the alley ( sar e kuche ) at night .
The cats wait until no one is around and then show up sniffing , padding about , looking for their night ’s food .
Throughout the capital there are deep marks etched onto the asphalt , mottled grooves in the shape of a blocky “ u ” from where the bin fires burned hot against the pavement .
The scars run at regular intervals across Tehran ’s many neighborhoods , sometimes in overlapping pairs or threes .
It will be some time before these blemishes are repaired .
Entirely new roads will have to be built …
( Dedicated to the geniuses at Nokia / Siemens )
End / ( Not Continued )
Back in my lifeguarding days , I started every season with a message to our pool patrons : " We do n't swim in your toilet , please do n't pee in our pool . "
Turns out 17 % of Americans did n't listen .
Gross !
Advertisement
According to a survey taken by the Water Quality and Health Council , 17 % of Americans — that 's roughly 1 in 6 — admit that they 've peed in a public pool .
Perhaps these people were n't terrified into holding it by a lifeguard who told them that the water would turn bright purple and everyone would know if they peed while swimming .
Or , perhaps , the fact that 78 % of all swimmers believed that their fellow pool patrons were using the water as a giant toilet led 1 in 6 adults down F - It Highway , thinking that they were n't alone in their unsanitary habits .
Of course , chlorine helps kill off some of the germs spread by sneezing , spitting , urinating , and sweating in the pool , but it 's probably best to follow the CDC 's recommendations and avoid swallowing any pool water .
Or maybe , in light of such nasty revelations , we should all just switch the ol ' lifeguard standby around and start swimming in our toilets instead .
At least we'd know who was peeing in the water .
Advertisement
One In Six Adults Admit Urinating In Pool [ UPI ]
The following morning we dragged ourselves out of bed at what seemed like the crack of dawn .
We had about a mile ’s walk to get to the Wild in Scotland office – which was located about halfway up the Royal Mile – before the 8:30 AM start of the tour .
I ’d had the pleasure of doing Wild in Scotland ’s 3 day Isle of Skye trip during my 2007 trip , which started in Scotland .
At the time , I had been incredibly impressed by the company .
Utilizing 16 person mini-buses and hostels for evening accommodation the company is designed to cater to backpackers and experienced travelers who want the history and convenience of a quick guided tour – but are eager to maintain the backpacker feeling .
Most tour companies use large 60 person coaches , ferry you from tourist trap to tourist trap and are geared towards luxury travelers and retirees .
Wild in Scotland on the other hand focuses on delivering a down and dirty experience that blends the basic structure and framework of an organized tour , with a flexible schedule allowing the driver to personalize the experience with their own detours and discoveries .
All the while , the size and approach also allows you to stop at any point you want for photos or to explore .
Even if it ’s not on the itinerary .
Case in point .
The itinerary for our 5 day , 4 night voyage into the northern reaches of Scotland was scheduled to move counter clockwise across the island .
Instead , our driver elected to do it in reverse and to toss in some new places he ’d discovered along the way .
The other thing I really like about Wild in Scotland is that they charge two fees .
How ’s that a plus ?
The first – 150 British Pounds or $ 225 covered the tour itself and went to the company .
The second 120 British Pounds or $ 180 went into the kitty .
The kitty cash covered our hostel each of the 4 nights , entrance into several attractions , a few drinks , our ferry crossings and the purchase of food each of the 4 nights .
The pot luck food purchase works great as a way to bring people together , and ensures that you eat well during the trip .
Combine the kitty cost with the limited number of tourist traps the company strands you at – and you get a more enjoyable and far less expensive experience than the standard super coach tour .
Having made better time than expected , we arrived at the office around 7:40 .
The rain was coming down in a light mist which was pleasant and hardly noticeable .
We settled in and waited for the office to open .
By 8 AM they opened the office up where we paid our kitty money , set down our bags , and stepped next door to the Subway which had just opened for breakfast .
We also bought a half sub to take with us on the road .
By 8:30 we had all arrived and piled onto the 16 person bus .
Our driver and guide introduced himself with a bright smile and thick Scottish accent and then we were off .
Weaving tales and explaining Edinburgh ’s history we wound through the city ’s streets and found our way out into the countryside .
There we were greeted by gorgeous rolling green hills , dam roadways , pastures full of sheep and large patches of blooming foxglove – a beautiful pink - purplish flower you ’ll see in many of my photos .
Our drive took us towards Sterling .
We drove past Sterling Castle and wound up past the city of Sterling to the Wallace Monument .
A large medieval looking structure that has been built on top of a nearby hill .
We parked and began the first stroll of the trip .
Up a rather steamy hillside , winding through ferns , trees and wild foxglove I paused briefly to pick several ripe raspberries .
Once at the top we gathered around , dodging the Scottish thistles , with the monument to our backs and an incredible view of the valley surrounding Stirling laid out before us .
There Martin explained the true story of Wallace and Robert the Bruce .
Debunking the mythology and creative re-write of history in Braveheart .
He explained Wallace ’s role and that the monument itself should actually have been dedicated to Robert the Bruce – a character who was almost vilified in Braveheart .
He also explained that there had been a statue of Wallace located in the car park by the visitors center , which had since been destroyed .
It turns out , it was the famous statue of William Wallace with “ freedom ” engraved in it .
I say famous , because a photo of the statue has been circulating the web for a year or two showing the statue of Wallace – a freedom fighter – encased in a large steel cage .
As I chuckled , Martin explained that the locals hated the statue ( which looked a lot like Mel Gibson ) with a passion and had taken a sledgehammer to it .
Undeterred the government had re-commissioned the statue / repaired it , and then encased it in a large steel cage .
Thus the famous photo .
Equally persistent and in true Scottish fashion the locals apparently traded their sledgehammer in for a shotgun and blew the face off the statue – which is no longer on display .
After the Wallace monument we wound through stunning countryside , before pausing at a small castle ruin .
The castle itself was not particularly incredible , but was an exciting stop for those of us who love Monty Python ’s Holy Grail .
Do n’t recognize it ?
It ’s the same very same castle ruin used in this clip :
Imagining French taunters and flying cattle , Nate and I wound around the castle and enjoyed the natural beauty of the area .
Now well manicured the castle sits on a hill , in the midst of a small clearing surrounded by trees next to a beautiful moss adorned stream .
Chuckling , it was back onto the bus and onward to Kilmahog where we snagged a quick bite of lunch .
How ’s that for a name ?
From Kilmahog we hopped back in the bus for a quick 3 minute drive down the road to see Hamish the world famous hairy coo .
What ’s a hairy coo ?
Why it ’s a hairy cow .
Having trouble picturing a hairy cow ?
Well , believe it or not they exist .
Not only do they exist – but they ’re relatively common in Northern Scotland and parts of Northern Ireland .
Most are Red but some are black .
As it turns out one of the Queens ( I believe a red - headed one ) decided that the cows should match their herders and worked to selectively breed them , so that they are almost exclusively ginger colored .
After feeding Hamish sliced turnips , apples and carrots it was back onto the bus and down winding 2 lane roads with low hanging trees , stone fences , and thick underbrush .
As we rounded a bend , in a light Scottish drizzle , the road began to wind along the shores of our first sizable Scottish Loch .
With still water gently lapping a small sandy beach and small stands of foxglove dotting the shoreline we made a brief unscheduled stop to snap a few photos and watch the clouds lazily roll over the mountains .
From there it was onward to Balquhidder .
No , that ’s not a spelling error – though I ’m not sure how you ’d even go about pronouncing it .
I ’ll leave it to the Scots !
We parked at a community center , before walking up a small lane that looked more like someone ’s driveway than an actual path .
The driveway eventually diverted over a moss covered old stone bridge .
Our path split off and wound – sandwiched – between two properties .
With an old stacked stone fence on our right , we were delighted to find the small path hedged by ripe raspberry bushes on our left .
With red fingers , we skipped along up a slight incline , before curving right and encountering a wet wooden bridge over a small stream , which ran by the gorgeous waterfall shown above .
From there it was up a small muddy footpath , which dumped us out behind the old stone church we ’d come to see .
Well , to be more specific , we ’d come to see a specific gravestone – one among many , all worn by years of harsh weather and rains .
There , with a beautiful view of the countryside was Rob Roy ’s grave .
For those unfamiliar with the movie , or story attached to him .
He was a clansman who many believe was the basis upon which the Robin Hood myth was born .
Buried in another clan ’s cemetery as a passive aggressive act , the famous bandit and swordsman ’s grave is the only one facing the opposite direction .
Apparently , tradition was to bury the dead facing one direction – to ensure they were able to enjoy the sun ’s first rays every morning .
Poor Rob Roy however , has been deprived of that otherworldly pleasure .
After a brief story recounting the circumstances of Rob Roy ’s death ( blood poisoning from a self inflicted wound received as an act of charity during a sword fight with a young man ) we set to scaling the hill at the foot of the old Church .
Legs pumping , breathing heavily and with a grateful grunt , we walked through a light misting , stripping down to our t- shirts as we went .
Grateful for the cool weather , we paused briefly by the moss covered stone wall pictured above , before climbing the last ( and steepest ) part of the hill to the lookout .
I ’ve included the picture of the wall to help convey what I ’m talking about when I say a moss covered , stacked stone wall .
Something that green and that covered in moss is without a doubt a foreign concept to those of us who spend most of our days sweltering in the dry Arizona heat .
The path was lined by ferns , blooming heather , Scottish thistles and gorgeous foxgloves in blossom .
By the time we reached the top of the hill we could smell and see smoke rising .
Someone had started a small traveler ’s fire at the summit .
Huddled around the fire warming their hands they relaxed as a gentle rain fell .
We walked past , said friendly hellos and then took in the vista that stretched out before us .
With a gorgeous loch fading away into the highland mists to our right and the gently rolling farmland sandwiched between majestic mountains winding away to our left , it was truly an incredible view .
You ’ll see me mention rain quite often as I write .
Most places , it would be a pain .
When in Scotland – it ’s part of the experience .
In fact , without the clouds the place loses some of it ’s magic .
There ’s something incredible about the way the clouds drag slowly across the countryside , lazily pausing on mountaintop after mountain top .
It pulls you in , hugs you and shares a story .
From Rob Roy ’s grave it was off towards Glencoe .
Easily one of my favorite spots in Scotland .
The sheer scope and majesty of the valley is breathtaking .
Once at Glencoe we paused and walked down to a small grass hill in the middle of the valley .
With sheer cliffs skyrocketing towards the heavens in every direction our guide began an introduction to the highlands and recounted the tragic story of the Glencoe Massacre .
A pivotal point in highland history which occurred in 1692 .
As he recounted the sad story , with a light rain falling and gentle gusts of wind tossing our hair the story wound to an end – he paused – and then began another .
This was the story of Highland Scotch .
As he introduced what has become a famous part of Scottish culture , he reached into his small backpack and produced a bottle of single malt Scotch .
With a quick cheers it began it ’s away around the circle as we each took turns taking a swig , while Martin explained the various differences between Whiskys , Whiskeys and proper Scotch .
From there it was down into the lowlands once again as we wound west , where we paused at a Tesco and sent in a small group to pick and gather the goods we ’d need to cook that evening ’s dinner .
With food stuffed into every spare nook and cranny in the bus we took advantage of the long summer days in Scotland and paused at the ruins of an old castle .
The castle was beautiful , but made far more impressive by the huge stands of violet flowers that surrounded it .
From there we paused at the canals used to connect Loch Ness to the other great lochs / ocean .
The small town was gorgeous and every bit what you ’d expect .
After taking in the great docks used to manage the different water levels between lochs we hopped back into the van and made our way towards our hostel .
Located just off Loch Ness – the small backpackers hostel was perfect .
We settled in and set to cooking a large bowl of pasta with meat sauce , potatoes , stuffed mushrooms and garlic bread before heading over to the local pub where I tried a delightful 18 year old Highland Park Scotch .
Each sip had a different flavor , each whiff a different aroma .
Amazed by all we ’d seen , it was finally time for bed .
With a contented smile on my face and an exhausted sigh I crawled into my top bunk and began to snore contentedly .
Ms Arthurs - Chegini 's diary recorded their lack of water A fugitive British couple found dead on board a stolen yacht off the coast of Africa probably starved to death , an inquest in Truro has heard .
Sharon Arthurs - Chegini , 46 , from Falmouth , and 49 - year - old Peter Clarke , from Penryn , were wanted by police following the theft of a yacht in 2005 .
Their emaciated bodies were found on a yacht in 2006 with no provisions or fresh water on board .
Cornwall Coroner Dr Emma Carlyon recorded an open verdict .
The inquest heard they had been dead for some time when fishermen found the boat , stolen from Portugal , 12 miles off the coast of Senegal .
The yacht could have been drifting " for several months " .
' Fantasy world '
Forensic pathologists giving evidence at the inquest said it was not possible to ascertain how the couple died as the bodies were so badly decomposed .
However they said there was no evidence of injury , contradicting initial reports the couple may have been attacked by pirates .
Dr Carlyon said a diary entry suggested they had run out of water and had four weeks without food .
Ms Arthurs - Chegini 's diary also revealed they were caught in a storm and the sail was torn .
It read : " We have been bashed about for days .
" Peter is collapsed in bed .
I have been unable to get to him .
" I am tired now and the light 's going .
My heart and love goes out to my daughters and to my immediate family . "
Stepdaughter Jade Dunbar said Ms Arthurs - Chegini was an an artist who lived in a " fantasy world " , drank champagne , took drugs and lived off benefits and the men she met .
The couple skipped bail after being arrested for theft
The idea of sailing round the world would have appealed to her glamorous tastes , she said .
She had three daughters by two fathers before meeting Mr Clarke and her daughters had been taken into care .
Sylvia Clarke , Mr Clarke 's mother , told the hearing her son " lived life to excess " .
She said he was involved in petty crime , had served a jail sentence for fraud and his charms had left a string of broken relationships .
" He always seemed to be searching for something but could not find it , " Mrs Clarke , from Hull , added .
Det Sgt John Cap , of Devon and Cornwall Police , said the couple were arrested after the yacht was stolen in 2005 but skipped bail .
He told the court there was no evidence of any third party involvement in the deaths and nothing to suggest piracy was involved .
After the inquest , both families declined to comment .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A Brisbane dog that went missing from its owners nine years ago has been found alive - in Melbourne .
RSPCA Victoria officers rescued the badly - neglected pooch from a backyard in the southern capital while investigating a possible animal cruelty case last week .
Heading home ... Muffy with inspector Gail Coulter .
To their amazement , they discovered the dog was microchipped and were able to track down her original owners .
Muffy , as she is called , vanished from the home of her Brisbane owner Chloe Rushby , 17 , nine years ago .
They will be reunited in Brisbane next week .
Two exclusive packages will be coming from GameStop and Amazon for Square Enix ’s PSP title , Dissidia Final Fantasy .
Gamers will be able to choose from two special cases from GameStop if they pre-order , while Amazon is giving the original soundtrack album with the game .
Remember , you can only get these special items if you pre-order from either GameStop or Amazon .
So PlayStation LifeStyle readers , if you are planning on purchasing Dissidia Final Fantasy , which item do plan on buying ?
Let us know in the comment section below !
[ Source ]
Dominic Matthews , the European Product Manager at Capcom , has revealed Bionic Commando Rearmed ’s newest patch .
The patch will include long awaited trophies , plus a new “ Normal ” difficulty for the game .
Here are the full details on the new difficulty option :
When you die , you respawn at the last solid ground or checkpoint .
The level Albatross B is cut .
The ability to reel out the cable when hanging or swinging to its full length .
If the player swings into a wall , they will no longer always disconnect and be thrown away from the wall .
Instead they will keep connected and reel in .
Unlimited lives .
Super Joe Machine
Gun bug fix .
When upgraded , the weapon becomes more powerful in addition to the larger clip .
This is fixed for all difficulties .
The patch has not been given a date as of yet , but is currently in QA and should be released soon .
[ Source ]
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
More celebrities and high - profile public figures who believe they may have been victims of phone hacking have been consulting lawyers over possible action against the News of the World , it has emerged today .
Mark Stephens , a lawyer at Finers Stephens Innocent , said several legal firms had been approached by people who thought they might have been the target of tabloid dirty tricks .
" Aggrieved celebrities are contacting lawyers across London , " Stephens told BBC's Today programme .
" I had two calls yesterday – one from somebody who has been identified by the Guardian as having been hacked and also the private office of somebody who believes they may have been . "
The Guardian also revealed today that the Manchester United manager , Sir Alex Ferguson , and the former Newcastle United manager Alan Shearer were among those whose private telephone messages were recorded by a private investigator working for the News of the World .
Both men are said to have left messages on the mobile phone of Gordon Taylor , the chief executive of the Professional Footballers '
Association , who sued the newspaper last year , according to sources familiar with the police investigation .
The prospect of legal action by victims comes after three fresh inquiries were launched yesterday into the conduct of News of the World journalists following the Guardian 's disclosures that Rupert Murdoch 's News Group company paid £ 1 m to keep secret the use of criminal methods to get stories .
The director of public prosecutions , Keir Starmer , ordered an urgent review of the evidence relating to phone hacking gathered in the investigation of the News of the World reporter Clive Goodman , who was jailed in January 2007 for obtaining information illegally .
A powerful Commons select committee said it would be calling senior managers from News International to give evidence as early as next week to clarify what they knew about malpractice by journalists at the News of the World .
The inquiry by the culture , media and sport select committee is expected to call the former News of the World editor , Andy Coulson , who resigned after Goodman was jailed and is now the Conservative party 's director of communications .
The Press Complaints Commission also announced it was conducting an inquiry .
David Cameron , the Conservative leader , has defended Coulson , saying he did " an excellent job in a proper , upright way " .
The Met 's assistant commissioner , John Yates , said Scotland Yard would not be reopening its files because no new evidence had come to light and the original inquiry had concluded that phone hacking had occurred in a minority of cases .
Legal experts said the Yard 's decision would not affect the ability of alleged hacking victims to sue the News of the World for breach of privacy and today Stephens said Yates 's statement did not " address the possibility that there had been a criminal attempt or a potential criminal conspiracy " .
" I think Keir Starmer , the director of public prosecutions , will force the police to reopen this investigation , " he told the BBC .
The parliamentary inquiry will focus on executives at News International , including Rebekah Wade , the outgoing Sun editor who has been promoted to News International chief executive ; Stuart Kuttner , the News of the World 's outgoing managing editor ; Colin Myler , the current News of the World editor ; and Les Hinton , the former chairman of News International .
Hinton left News International in December 2007 to become the New York - based chief executive of anther News Corporation subsidiary , Dow Jones , which publishes the Wall Street Journal .
John Whittingdale , the chairman of the culture select committee , said he was particularly keen to question Hinton , who told a previous hearing he was " absolutely convinced " that Goodman was the only person who knew about the phone hacking at the paper .
Whittingdale added that he was " completely shocked " that News Group had paid out more than £ 1 m to settle cases involving illegal surveillance and said he would be asking Hinton whether he wished to amend the evidence he gave the committee then .
Another member of the committee , Labour MP Paul Farrelly , said Hinton would be asked " whether he wishes to correct , or amplify , his evidence " .
" That reopens our inquiry and , if we are not satisfied with the answers , parliament can potentially take the rare – but reputationally serious – step of finding witnesses in contempt , " he wrote on the Guardian 's Comment is Free website .
News International said last night it was " prevented by confidentiality obligations from discussing certain allegations made in the Guardian newspaper " .
The company added that its journalists had complied with relevant legislation and codes of conduct since February 2007 , after the Goodman case and Coulson 's resignation .
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
A long time ago , I wrote a brief article about creating a visual debt reminder , something that will help motivate you towards getting rid of debt .
Since then , I ’ve found myself using such reminders all the time for keeping my finances in order .
The Psychology of the Reminder
A reminder ?
If a goal is really important to us , why would we need a reminder ?
It ’s simple .
Most of us have really busy lives , and in order to actually make those lives work , we have to adopt some serious routines .
If you have only thirty minutes after you wake up and before you ’re leaving for work , those thirty minutes are going to have to involve some serious routine – showering , brushing your teeth , eating a quick breakfast , doing one or two other little things , then bolting out the door .
Similarly , any person with children knows how many routines have to go into their life in order to prevent complete chaos from breaking out .
There ’s a meal routine , a nap routine , a bedtime routine , and so on .
Even our lives out and about are filled with routines – we shop at certain places , get gas at certain places , use the same routes to get places , and so on .
The real kicker is that breaking these routines is hard .
Often , it ’s not so much the individual act that ’s the problem – it ’s remembering that individual act and finding a place for it in that busy routine .
For example , I ’m trying to find space in my daily routine to ( slowly ) work up to being able to run a 5 K .
The problem is , with a thriving writing career , two young children , a marriage that needs care and feeding , a number of other commitments , and personal interests as well , it ’s hard to find space for the training .
So I ’m using a reminder .
I have a single bright note right on my desktop where I can’t miss it that says , “ Have you worked towards the 5 K today ? ” I look at it several times a day and , usually the first time I see it , it motivates me to get up and do something to get myself in better shape .
Ten Great Reminders
Different reminders work well for different people and different situations , though .
Here are ten things you might want to use in your own situation .
1. The Progress Bar
This works great if you have a specific numerical goal in mind – for example , you have a certain dollar amount that you ’re wanting to save , a certain amount of debt that you ’re looking to repay , or a certain weight that you ’d like to reach .
It ’s simple : just bust out a piece of graph paper ( like this one ) .
Figure out what number you ’re targeting and what number you ’re at now .
Then , break the difference between the two down into equal pieces .
So , let ’s say you have $ 17,000 in debt and want to pay it all off .
You might break it into 17 pieces – $ 1,000 each – or 34 pieces – $ 500 each – or 85 pieces – $ 200 each .
Let ’s say you want to go from 214 pounds to 180 pounds .
You might break that into 34 pieces – 1 pound each .
You get the idea .
Then count out a line of that many squares in the middle of the paper , then draw a big box around those squares , similar to what you see on the right here .
Write the starting number on the left or bottom of the bar , then the finishing number on the top or right of the bar .
You can even write in the increments if you want , or just note what each square is worth .
Then put this reminder somewhere where you ’ll see it all the time – on the fridge , for example .
It ’ll serve as a reminder of your progress – plus , it ’ll be quite fun when you make some forward progress and get to fill in a square on that bar .
2. The Pointed Note
This is the technique I ’m using for my 5 K goal .
Just write yourself a very pointed note – “ What have you done today to move forward on X ? ” and put it somewhere where you ’re going to bump into it over and over again .
This is perfect for a goal where you need to make a bit of active effort each day – like athletic training .
It might be easy at first to simply forget about it during a busy day , but that note forces it into the forefront of your mind .
The key is to make the note pointed – it needs to prod you into taking action – and put it in a place where you ’ll be reminded of it with ease every day – or at least each day that you ’ll need the reminder .
Some ideas for this kind of reminder : a reminder to network , a reminder to engage in athletic activity , a reminder to take another discrete step on a big project .
3. The Big Picture
One of my biggest goals in life is to own a house out in the country on a few acres .
I ’d like a good - sized yard with plenty of room for a vegetable and herb garden and a small barn in the back somewhere to effectively function as a large shed .
I might even raise a few chickens on it – who knows !
To keep this in mind , my desktop wallpaper is an image of a nice house in the country with a small barn and a windmill .
Whenever I see it , I know what my big goal is .
This can work for any big goal that requires continual multi-dimensional effort to reach .
It might be a country home , or it might be any number of other things – a great career , an amazing car , or a happy marriage .
Find a picture that signifies exactly what you want , then put it in places where you ’ll be reminded of it time and time again .
That little boost will push you , more often than not , just when you need it .
4. The Effort Tracker
As I start jogging more and more , I find that keeping careful track of my efforts and recording them somewhere is very powerful .
I have a Nike +
iPod setup that makes it very easy to record my efforts , keeping track of each run in very careful detail , as well as my best mile and my overall averages .
This type of data is incredibly psychologically powerful .
When I finish a jog , I ca n’t wait to go look at my data .
Did I get a new “ best mile ” ?
Did my average go up ( it usually does ) ?
Did I manage to maintain a steady pace ?
Putting this “ effort tracker ” front and center makes it easy to keep up with my goal .
The same is true for any such tracker .
Perhaps you use Quicken to monitor your money ?
Have it start when you start up your computer .
Maybe you use a spreadsheet to keep track of your weight ?
Have that spreadsheet appear on startup .
That way , you ’re faced with all of that data and all of that forward progress – and psychologically , you want to keep it going .
5 . The Public Notice
Constant peer pressure can be a very effective reminder of your goals .
If everyone around you knows that you ’re attempting to quit smoking , they themselves will become reminders , encouraging you to quit , complimenting you on your good choices , and so on .
Thus , one way to create some powerful reminders around you for your goal is to simply email as many people as you can and tell them in detail about your goal .
Tell them what you want to achieve and ask them for their help in getting you there .
Ask them to steer you straight if they see you having problems , and apologize in advance if you do n’t handle their help well ( since such goals can be psychologically stressing ) .
Once you ’ve done this , everyone knows about your goal and you ’ve given them all permission to be your reminders .
Thus , their mere presence becomes a reminder of what you want to achieve .
You can take this another step and combine the goal tracking with your public notice .
Create a blog or a Twitter account to talk about your goal in detail , mentioning your progress with specific data , then ship the URL for that blog or Twitter account to your friends so they can keep tab on your progress ( and leave positive comments ) .
6. The Pestering Email
Another way to keep you on focus is to have an automatic email service pester you with reminders by email of your goals .
I do this myself , with Google Calendar .
I set various target dates in my calendar , then order the calendar to remind me by email of these goals .
Sure enough , they pop right into my email inbox , reminding me quite clearly to keep up with a particular project .
For example , let ’s say you want to really grow your professional network .
Go into Google Calendar , schedule an entry on Friday to “ send an email to an old work associate , ” then add a reminder 4 days , 3 days , 2 days , one day , and one hour in advance .
Then , schedule it to repeat .
Each day , you ’ll have a reminder telling you to send an email to a work associate – and when you follow through , you ’re achieving your big goal .
For people who live out of their email inbox ( as I often do ) , this can be a great way to keep your goal in mind – and keep moving forward on it , bit by bit .
7. The Buddy
Having a buddy who is also trying to move forward with a similar goal as yours can be a wonderful constant reminder of your own personal goal .
Let ’s say you ’re attempting to eliminate all of your credit card debt .
You announce it to a few friends and you learn that one of your friends is actually attempting to do the same thing .
Suggest to that person that you buddy up to motivate each other , share tips , and share your progress along the way .
When you hang out together , you can swap stories about how you ’re moving forward .
You can give each other tips on how to better accomplish that big goal .
You can actually engage in the activities together – jogging in the evening , for example , or going to free events together instead of spending money .
That buddy becomes a walking , talking reminder of your goal and , in a fun way , pushes you to achieving more than you thought possible .
8. The Inspirational Picture
My family inspires me to make almost every good choice I make in my life .
They inspired me to take charge of my money .
They inspired me to start getting in better shape .
They inspired me to take a real swing at writing for a career .
Keeping a simple photograph of my wife and children with me helps keep me motivated to continue making good choices .
I have three photographs of them on my desk and I often look at them when I ’m having some trouble getting motivated to write .
Their faces always help .
Some people get their inspiration from motivational posters .
For me , all I really need to do is look at my family and suddenly I ’ve got my eye back on the prize .
9 . The Repetitive Post - It
When I first made a serious effort to cut my spending , I found it was very hard to break my old routines .
I would simply wheel into the bookstore without thinking about it at all and the next thing I knew , I ’d be standing in line holding some books .
What really helped was repetitive reminders , which took the form of Post - It notes .
I wrote on each one : “ Do n’t spend anything . ” I put them all over .
I put one on my dash and one on my rear view mirror .
I put one on my computer monitor .
I put one on my wallet so I ’d see it when I got started in the morning .
Those constant reminders kept the big picture firmly in my head , mostly because the message was nearly inescapable .
I saw it all the time and that meant it bubbled up to the top of my mind when I needed it much more often than before .
Before long , that reminder was burned into my brain – and the Post - Its had done their job .
10 . The Tool Disfigurement
There were times when I would still fall short and find myself on the verge of spending anyway .
I ’d have an item up there to buy .
I ’d reach for my wallet , pull out my credit card , and ….
Right there in front of me was all I really needed to see .
I ’d put the item back and walk out of the store .
What was there ?
Wrapped around my credit cards was a picture of my son .
Yes , the inspirational picture had found its way directly to the tools I used to undermine that inspiration .
Seeing my little boy – and reflecting for just a second on him and the good choices I needed to make as a parent – made me step back just long enough for sense to take hold of me .
If you find yourself constantly turning to a tool of some sort to continue a habit you ’re trying to break – a bong , a credit card , anything like that – put an inspirational picture there .
Put that picture of your kid right on that item and attach it firmly .
Make it so that you have to give that reminder a look before you commit that act – and you ’ll likely find yourself turning away at the last minute .
Now get out there and achieve something great .
View Source Download Now
Take back control of your task bar !
ViGlance simplifies your windows taskbar by organizing your programs so that there ’s clutter .
The ultimate upgrade for your Windows Taskbar !
Hovering the mouse pointer over an application ’s Taskbar icon produces a thumbnail window view known as a snapshot .
But when you have multiple windows open in Vista , you see only one preview at a time .
ViGlance makes this feature is elegant and more efficient .
Hover the pointer on an icon , and thumbnails of the programs ’s windows glide into position above the windows task bar , so you can quickly find the window you ’re looking for .
In the past , you could open programs by dragging their icons to the Quick Launch toolbar .
ViGlance removes the need for Quick Launch and adds its capabilities into its taskbar .
Drag an app ’s icon from the desktop to the windows taskbar , and ViGlance will pin it there , so you can launch the program from the task bar without having to search the start menu .
You can also organise icons in the Taskbar by moving them to new positions !
7 Start Orb Replica
The start button in Windows XP is n’t very pretty ; it ’s too big and ugly and its horrible shade of green .
ViGlance replaces that horrible over sized start button with a small and efficient start orb .
Whilst at the same time delivering a smooth fade transitional rollover effect like that of Windows 7 .
Jump-lists
NEW YORK �( CNNMoney.com ) --
Stocks gained Tuesday , extending the recent rally , after reports showed that consumer confidence and home prices are starting to recover .
News that President Obama is nominating Federal Reserve chief Ben Bernanke for a second term in office added to the positive sentiment .
The Dow Jones industrial average ( INDU ) added 30 points , or 0.3 % and closed at its highest point since Nov. 4 .
The S&P 500 ( SPX ) index gained 2 points , or 0.2 % and closed at its highest point since Nov. 6 .
The Nasdaq composite ( COMP ) rose 6 points , or 0.3 % and the highest close since Oct. 1 .
Stocks slipped Monday as investors took a step back after pushing the major gauges to new 2009 highs Friday .
But after Monday 's brief hiccup , stocks resumed their advance Tuesday .
Stock gains were pretty broad based , with 21 of 30 Dow stocks rising , led by Boeing ( BA , Fortune 500 ) , JPMorgan Chase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) , United Technologies ( UTX , Fortune 500 ) and Travelers Companies ( TRV , Fortune 500 ) .
But falling oil prices cut into any stock gains , dragging down the influential energy sector .
Dow components Exxon Mobil ( XOM , Fortune 500 ) and Chevron ( CVX , Fortune 500 ) declined and the Amex Oil ( XOI ) index was off 1 % .
Since bottoming at a 12 1/2 year low on March 9 , the S&P 500 is up 52 % as of Tuesday 's close .
The pace and breadth of the run up has left many Wall Streeters calling for a big selloff in September and October .
But so far , there has been no indication of that .
" Generally , the market keeps moving higher even though so - called experts are saying it 's overbought , " said Terry Morris , senior equity manager , National Penn Investors Trust .
" It 's surprisingly strong .
Maybe we have turned a corner . "
Wednesday preview : Wednesday brings reports on new home sales and durable goods orders , both from the Commerce Department .
New home sales are expected to have risen to a 390,000 unit annualized rate in July from a 384,000 unit annualized rate in June , according to Briefing .com forecasts .
July durable goods orders are expected to have risen 3.2 % after falling 2.5 % in June .
Orders excluding transportation are expected to have risen 1 % after rising 1.1 % in June .
The weekly crude oil inventories report from the Energy Information Administration is also due in mid morning .
Consumer confidence : Stocks hit the highs of the day just after the 10 a.m. ET release of the August Consumer Confidence index .
The index rose to 54.1 , surprising economists who thought it would rise to 47.9 .
The index stood at a revised 47.4 in July .
While the report was significant , it does n't often correlate to what the consumer ends up doing , said Kim Caughey , senior equity analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group .
" Unemployment is continuing to rise , and that 's going to keep the consumer out for the time being , " Caughey said .
She said inventory rebuilding on the part of corporations will help support the economy in the short term , rather than a rise in consumer spending .
She said the Bernanke announcement was more notable .
Fed : President Obama nominated Ben Bernanke to chair the Federal Reserve for a second term , announcing the reappointment months ahead of the expiration of Bernanke 's current term .
The reappointment is expected to receive the approval of the Senate .
" There was a bit of uncertainty around Bernanke 's reappointment and the fact that the announcement was made today is driving the gains , " Caughey said .
Housing : Home prices rose 2.9 % in the second - quarter versus the first quarter , according to an S&P / Case - Shiller report .
That 's the first quarterly rise in prices in three years and could signal that the housing market has bottomed .
The 20 - city index declined 15.4 % in June versus a year ago , but that was shy of forecasts for a drop of 16.4 % versus a year ago .
Budget : The White House released its deficit and economic forecast .
It predicts a federal budget deficit of $ 9 trillion over the next decade and a deficit of $ 1.58 trillion in 2009 .
The $ 9 trillion is $ 2 trillion more than what the administration had forecast previously .
The Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) released its own forecast shortly after the Obama administration .
The CBO said the 2009 deficit will total $ 1.6 trillion .
World markets : European markets rallied , while Asian markets slid , with the Japanese Nikkei losing 0.7 % .
Oil : U.S. light crude oil for October delivery fell $ 2.32 to settle at $ 72.05 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange , after touching a new 10 - month high in the morning .
Bonds :
Treasury prices inched higher , lowering the corresponding yields , following a positive response to the first of three government debt auctions this week .
The rise in prices lowered the yield on the benchmark 10 - year note to 3.44 % from 3.47 % Friday .
Treasury prices and yields move in opposite directions .
Treasury sold $ 42 billion of 2 - year notes Tuesday and is planning to sell $ 39 billion of five - year notes Wednesday and $ 28 billion of 7 - year notes Thursday .
Other markets : COMEX gold for December delivery rose $ 2.30 to settle at $ 946 an ounce .
In currency trading , the dollar rose versus the euro and gained versus the Japanese yen .
Market breadth was positive .
On the New York Stock Exchange , winners topped losers three to two on volume of 1.14 billion shares .
On the Nasdaq , advancers beat decliners seven to six on volume of 1.95 billion shares .
How does your portfolio look nearly one year after the collapse of Lehman Brothers ?
What investment choices hurt you or helped you the most ?
What strategy changes are you making for the future ?
Tell us your story .
E-mail realstories@cnnmoney.com and your thoughts could be part of an upcoming story .
For the CNNMoney.com Comment Policy , click here .
The attack was the latest in a series of strikes on urban centres in Pakistan in what officials have said are being carried out by Islamic extremists as revenge for a military offensive in the Swat Valley against Taliban insurgents .
No one claimed immediate responsibility for the attack .
Thousands of supporters of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's regime , as well as protesters , flooded Tehran 's streets Tuesday as the country 's Guardian Council ordered a recount of some ballot boxes from the disputed presidential election .
In this image issued by the government - run Iranian Students News Agency , thousands of people attend a state - organized rally in a square in central Tehran on Tuesday .
(( Saman Aghvami / ISNA / Associated Press ) )
The demonstrators gathered at Vali Asr Square for the state - organized rally , which demanded punishment for rioters in Monday 's clashes , state television reported .
" This nation will protect and defend its revolution in any way , " Gholam Ali Haddad Adel , a prominent legislator and Ahmadinejad supporter , told the crowd .
Waving flags and placards , the pro-government supporters gathered ahead of a protest held in the same square by reformist candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi 's backers , who have made allegations of vote - rigging after Friday 's election results showed the president winning by a 2 - to - 1 margin .
Iranian authorities have restricted all journalists working for foreign media from first - hand reporting on the streets in an attempt to block images and eyewitness accounts from the rallies .
" We are being told that we are supposed to stay in our offices or hotel rooms and report just on what the official media is reporting , " Iason Fowden , a freelance reporter for the Washington Times told CBC News from Tehran .
The supporters of reformist candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi marched about the same time , but in a different location .
The public show of support came despite a message posted on his website , in which Mousavi said he will not be at the rally and urged his supporters not to attend " to protect their lives . "
Iranians must " not fall in the trap of street riots " and need to exercise " self - restraint , " Mousavi told his supporters .
Seven people were shot dead on Monday as more than 100,000 opponents of Ahmadinejad defied government orders that banned a rally Monday and marched through Tehran to Azadi Square .
The protests lasted from about 5 p.m. to 8 p.m. local time .
Ahmadinejad was away , arriving in Russia on Tuesday to attend a regional security summit , after postponing the trip for one day due to the civil protests .
Meanwhile , U.S. President Barack Obama kept a calculated distance from the election outcome .
" It 's not productive given the history of U.S. / Iranian relations to be seen as meddling … the U.S. president meddling in Iranian elections , " he said , adding that he wants to engage Iran rather than antagonize the country .
" There is a questioning of the kinds of antagonistic postures towards the international community that have taken place in the past and there are people who want to see greater openness and great debate . "
Partial recount
Amid the growing violence — the worst in Tehran in 10 years — Abbas Ali Kadkhodaei , spokesman for the 12 - member Guardian Council , was quoted on state television Tuesday as saying recounts will be conducted at voting sites where candidates claim irregularities occurred .
The ballots will be recounted in the presence of the candidates ' representatives , Kadkhodaei said .
It is not immediately clear which voting sites will be included in the recount .
Election results must be authorized by the council , which is composed of clerics closely allied with unelected supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
All three of Ahmadinejad 's challengers in the election have alleged fraud after results showed the president winning by a landslide .
According to government officials , Ahmadinejad won 62.6 per cent of the vote , while Mousavi garnered 33.75 per cent in a contest that appeared to divide urban and rural voters .
Khamenei ordered the Guardian Council to investigate the results on Monday .
Following the announcement , representatives for the three candidates — Mousavi , Mehdi Karroubi and Mohsen Rezaei — met with officials from the Guardian Council on Tuesday and demanded that a full investigation still be conducted .
Mousavi's representative , Ali Akbar Mohtashamipour , said the reformers still want to see the election held again .
Though the Guardian Council has ruled out reformist demands to annul the election , " It is possible that there may be some changes in the tally after the recount , " Kadkhodaei said .
Mousavi has said he is not optimistic about the outcome of the investigation into the results .
" Many of its [ Guardian Council ] members during the election were not impartial and supported the government candidate , " he wrote on his website , referring to Ahmadinejad .
Claims of voting irregularities went to the council after Ahmadinejad 's upset victory in 2005 , but there was no official word on the outcome of the inquiry , and the vote stood .
( CNN ) --
The father of a teenage girl who remarkably survived a plane crash off the Comoros islands has described how his daughter was ejected from the plane into the Indian Ocean .
" She did n't feel a thing .
She found herself in water , " Paris - based Kassim Bakari told French radio RTL after speaking to his 13 - year - old daughter Bahia who was recovering Wednesday in hospital in Moroni .
" She could hear people talking , but in the middle of the night she could n't see a thing .
She managed to hold on to a piece of something , " said Bakari , whose wife was also on board the doomed flight and is presumed to be among the 152 victims .
" She said she was ejected from the plane , " Bakari said .
Bahia , who lives in Marseille , escaped with just cuts to her face and a fractured collar - bone as the Yemenia Airways Airbus A310 tried to land at Moroni airport at the end of a four - stage flight from France .
Watch more about Bahia 's escape »
A local surgeon said Bahia was doing well in hospital .
" Her health is not in danger .
She is very calm given the shock she suffered , " Ben Imani told Reuters.com at Moroni 's El Marouf hospital .
The girl is expected to be flown home to France on a ministerial plane , Agence France - Presse reports .
Earlier Kassim Bakari told France Info , a French radio network , that his wife and daughter were flying to Comoros to visit relatives .
" When I had her on the phone , I asked her what happened and she said , ' Daddy , I do n't know what happened , but the plane fell into the water and I found myself in the water ... surrounded by darkness .
I could not see anyone , ' " Bakari said .
French junior foreign minister Alain Joyandet met the girl in hospital on Wednesday and heard how she was pulled from the sea .
The head of the rescue team in the Comoros also told RTL the teenager survived astonishing odds .
" It is truly , truly , miraculous , " said Ibrahim Abdoulazeb .
" The young girl can barely swim . "
Another rescuer told France 's Europe 1 radio the girl was spotted in the rough sea among bodies and plane debris in darkness about two hours after the crash .
" We tried to throw a life buoy .
She could not grab it .
I had to jump in the water to get her , " the rescuer said , according to AFP .
Watch as airline describes child 's rescue »
" She was shaking , shaking .
We put four covers on her .
We gave her hot , sugary water .
We simply asked her name , village . "
Bakari said he did not believe he would see his wife or daughter again after learning of the crash .
" She is a very , very shy girl .
I would never have thought she would have survived like this .
I can't say that it 's a miracle , I can say that it is God 's will , " he said .
Kassim Bakari said his daughter had been told her mother survived the crash .
" When I spoke to her she was asking for her mother .
They told her she was in a room next door , so as not to traumatize her .
But it 's not true .
I do n't know who is going to tell her . "
Former pilot and aviation analyst John Cox said the girl 's discovery reminded him of the 1987 crash of Northwest Flight 255 in Detroit , Michigan , in which only a 4 - year - old girl survived , while 156 others died .
Read how people survive air crashes
All About Yemen • Accidents and Disasters • Airbus A310
Help wanted
Are you able to sell web advertisements , knowledgeable about free software and LWN , and interested in taking on some work ?
If so , LWN .
net would like to talk to you ; please read on for details .
LWN 's business model is a bit of an anomaly ; there are few sites , anywhere , which get by primarily on subscriptions from their readers .
There is a lot to like about the subscription model ; among other things , it ensures that our real customers are our readers , not our advertisers .
That keeps our priorities where they should be .
But making an exclusively subscription - based model work is not an easy thing to do .
Support from our readers has taken us a long way , but we 're still not where we should be .
Need we add that the economic turmoil seen over the last year has n't helped ?
The truth of the matter is that advertising needs to be a part of the revenue mix if LWN is to be viable .
What is also true is that LWN 's staff is terrible at selling advertising .
We are engineers , not sales people ; we lack the skills , contacts , and interest required to do a good job at ad sales .
And , we think , our readers would rather we focused on technology and writing instead of making phone calls .
In the end , if advertising is going to play the part it must in keeping LWN going , somebody else is going to have to help make that happen .
What we are hoping is that , out there somewhere , we can find an advertising sales person who is willing to work on a 100 % commission basis .
We need somebody who is not only good at what they do , but who also understands free software and the LWN reader community .
We should not have to explain why ads which get between our readers and our content are not acceptable .
We can't put time into pushing back against " Get the facts " campaigns and their like .
We need , in other words , somebody who can be as fussy about what goes onto LWN as we are .
It 's a challenging job , to be sure .
We are more constrained than many sites in terms of what we can accept .
LWN 's readership is also highly spread out across the world .
But , out there somewhere , there must be somebody with the skills and the interest in taking on a challenge like this .
If you are that person , please send a note to sales@lwn.net , and we 'll talk .
Or if you think you know that person , please draw their attention to this post .
Writing Prompts : The Imagination Prompt Generator
Get next prompt
Push - Button Prompts Since 2005 As Featured on Blogger 's Buzz !
Take as much time with each prompt as you need , or set a 10 - minute writing timer .
Your first " Imagination Prompt " appears above .
To generate another , click the " get next prompt " button .
Push - Button Prompts
Writing and Blogging Inspiration
Are you looking for some random writing prompts or story starters for your journal , blog , or other creativity - related project ?
Well then , you 've come to the right place !
Creativity Portal 's Imagination Prompt Generator will inspire you by outputting one of many randomly generated " Imagination Prompts " at the press of a button .
We call them Imagination Prompts because they can be used for writing , blogging , art projects , music , discussion , or anything else you need some inspirational prompting for !
Discover more writing inspiration , prompts , and how - to articles in the menus on both sides of this page .
More Writing and Blogging Prompts »
Updated 8/16/14
Iran 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , issued a stern warning to opponents today to stay off the streets and denied claims that last week 's elections had been rigged .
In an uncompromising address at Friday prayers , Khamenei claimed that the high turnout at the elections showed how much the Iranian people supported the regime , and blamed western powers for interfering in Iranian politics , singling out the UK as the " most treacherous " .
In a thinly veiled warning to the reformist presidential challenger , Mir Hossein Mousavi , Khamenei said opposition leaders would be held responsible if they did not call for an end to the protests that have rocked Iran since last Friday 's disputed election .
Significantly , an aide to Mousavi later said that he had no plans to hold a rally over the weekend , even though the opposition camp had been widely expected to mount another march on Saturday .
" Street challenge is not acceptable , " said Khamenei .
" This is challenging democracy after the elections . "
Speaking in front of an audience of tens of thousands , including President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , Khamenei attacked foreign powers for conspiring to deligitimise the vote , and to destroy the Iranian people 's trust in their political leaders .
Khamenei 's description of Britain as the " most treacherous " of Iran 's enemies was met by roars of " Death to the UK " from the massed ranks of Basiji militiamen assembled in the prayer hall .
In response , Iran 's ambassador to London was summoned to the Foreign Office and told that the supreme leader 's remarks were unacceptable .
Gordon Brown later said that the EU was unanimous in condemning violence against opposition protesters : " It is ... for Iran to show the world that the repression and the brutality that we 've seen in these last few days is not something that is going to be repeated . "
Mousavi was conspicuous by his absence from Friday prayers at Tehran University , where Khamenei was making his first public appearance since controversially endorsing Ahmadinejad 's election as president .
Khamenei praised the president as " hardworking " and dismissed the idea that the election might have been rigged .
" The Islamic republic will never manipulate votes and commit treason , " he said .
" The legal structure in this country does not allow vote - rigging . "
He said that the margin of Ahmadinejad 's victory - by 11 m votes over Mousavi - proved that the election could not have been fixed .
He added : " If some people have doubts and evidence it should be dealt with through legal ways – only through legal ways .
I will never accept illegal innovations . "
Many Iranians had been hoping that the ayatollah 's speech would offer up some kind of compromise with his opponents , but he showed no inclination to bend to their demands that the election be annulled .
Some followers of Mousavi had called for a boycott of prayers at the university because of the refusal to annul the result of the poll but TV pictures showed thousands of people listening to Khamenei and occasionally chanting affirmation of his words .
The speech now creates a clear dilemma for Mousavi and his supporters : do they return to the streets in open defiance of Khamenei or drop their demands ?
Prior to today 's speech , Mousavi had called on the opposition movement to gather in Tehran tomorrow afternoon for a rally , but many may now feel too fearful of a crackdown by the authorities .
" Arm wrestling in the street must stop , " Khamenei said .
" I want everyone to put an end to this .
If they do n't stop this … they will be held accountable for all of this . "
The ayatollah insisted that it was " natural " for people to support different candidates but that the foreign media was responsible for portraying supporters of Mousavi as opposed to the Islamic revolution .
" Enemies try through various media , and some of these media belong to the Zionists … they try to make believe that there is a fight between supporters of the opposition and the Islamic establishment , " said Khamenei .
" They have no right to say that , that is not true . "
He described the 85 % turnout at the election as a " great accomplishment " and a " political earthquake " for Iran 's enemies .
The supreme leader said he was bringing a message for " leaders of world arrogance , the western countries " .
Khamenei also contrasted Barack Obama 's comments about the election unfavourably with the US president 's letter offering better relations with Iran .
He said Iran was " raising the flag of human rights " and criticised the US invasions of Afghanistan and Iraq .
" We do not need any advice on human rights from them , " he said .
In an apparent attempt to acknowledge the concerns of Mousavi 's supporters he admitted that Iran was not " without corruption , " and said it needed to be tackled .
He also acknowledged differences between himself and the former president Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , who has supported Mousavi and been portrayed as a potential kingmaker , and between Ahmadinejad and Rafsanjani , but at the same time praised the chair of the assembly of experts as " close " to the revolution .
Ahmadinejad and his cabinet ministers attended the prayers , as did the parliamentary speaker , Ali Larijani , the mayor of Tehran , Mohammad Baqer Qalibaf , and senior military officers from the revolutionary guards .
Many of those in the audience appeared to be government employees or members of the president 's militia .
Defeated presidential candidate Mehdi Karroubi , who like Mousavi has dismissed the official election result , also stayed away from the university today .
WASHINGTON --
When 10 members of Congress wanted to study climate change , they did more than just dip their toes into the subject :
They went diving and snorkeling at the Great Barrier Reef .
They also rode a cable car through the Australian rain forest , visited a penguin rookery and flew to the South Pole .
The 11 - day trip -- with six spouses traveling along as well -- took place over New Year 's 2008 .
Details are only now coming to light as part of a Wall Street Journal analysis piecing together the specifics of the excursion .
...
India 's population to rise to 1.53 Billion by 2050
Bangalore : India 's population will rise to a massive 1.53 billion by 2050 , overtaking China and making the country the world 's most populous nation .
According to a report by the National Commission on population , India 's population is expected to reach 1.19 billion by 2011 , 1.27 billion by 2016 , 1.34 billion by 2021 and 1.4 billion by 2026 .
" India is estimated to increase its population by 18 million every year , " Union Health Minister Ghulam Nabi Azad said in a written reply to the Lok Sabha today .
The minister said that the Family Welfare Programme in India is voluntary in nature , which enables a couple to adopt the family planning methods best suited to them according to their choice without any compulsion .
Now before we get into these screen caps our disclaimer must be made explicitly clear :
This is superduperultramegaturbo rumor / skeptical status .
Right then .
A German blogger claims to have dug up a hand full of iTunes 9 screenshots while sifting through a Chinese Apple forum .
Yeah , we know — did you not read our disclaimer ?
For those of you who are late to the party , we exclusively scooped a handful of features said to be coming to the next version of iTunes and then followed up this morning with some tasty new info .
Should these screenshots be authentic , they definitely firm up several of the items we listed including Last . fm integration and some kind of integration with Facebook and Twitter as shown in the first screenshot below ( social playlists ? ) .
Hit the jump for the rest of the shots and a bigger version of the image above .
Read
>
Our friend Brian alerted us to this USA / Today story : Benefit spending soars to new high
The recession is driving the safety net of government benefits to a historic high , as one of every six dollars of Americans ’ income is now coming in the form of a federal or state check or voucher .
Benefits , such as Social Security , food stamps , unemployment insurance and health care , accounted for 16.2 % of personal income in the first quarter of 2009 , the Bureau of Economic Analysis reports .
That ’s the highest percentage since the government began compiling records in 1929 .
[ More than 30s ]
In all , government spending on benefits will top $ 2 trillion in 2009 — an average of $ 17,000 provided to each U.S. household , federal data show …
[ This is not capitalism ; this is a welfare state run amuck . ]
Two major factors were at work on Thursday : 1 ) Expectations that the May Employment Report will be much better than expected ; GS sees - 475 k ; and 2 ) The Treasury will issue $ 127B of securities next week .
This killed bonds and notes but induced traders to buy stocks and commodities on the asset allocation .
The minor factor at work was RBC made Keycorp a ‘ top pick ’ and Bernstein upgraded Goldman to outperform .
Thursday ’s financial stock frenzy on only two upgrades illustrates market psychology .
Yesterday the Treasury said it will sell $ 127B of bills , notes and bonds next week – $ 35B in 3s , $ 19B in 10s and $ 11B of 30s , $ 31B in three - month bills and $ 31B in six - month bills .
Bloomberg : South Korea ’s National Pension Service , the country ’s largest investor , said it will maintain its U.S. government bond holdings even as it cuts the percentage they comprise .
“ We are planning to reduce the weightings of American Treasuries , but that does n’t mean we will be selling Treasuries because our fund size is growing , ” National Pension said in a statement in response to questions from Bloomberg News .
“ We do n’t have a specific plan to sell Treasuries . ”
BTW , The Fed monetized $ 7.49 B of 2s and 3s on Thursday .
After abstaining for about a week , the Fed has conducted back - to - back monetizations … Just yesterday Bernanke told Congress that the debt will not be monetized .
What other lies is Ben telling ?
One week ago Initial Jobless Claims declined a tad while Continuing Claims made a new high .
Street shills and their financial media stooges ignored the ugly Continuing Claims data and asserted ‘ the worst is over ’ because Initial Jobless Claims declined .
Yesterday , Initial Jobless Claims declined 4 k ; a 5 k decline was expected .
And the previous week was revised 2 k higher to 625k .
But the cheerleaders decided to ignore the negative Initial Jobless Claims and trumpet the decline in Continuing Jobless Claims , the first dip this year , as a sign that the worst is over .
The following chart clearly illustrates an inconvenient truth :
There have been several dips in Continuing Jobless Claims over the past year and they did NOT represent turning points .
Several retailers posted ugly results for May .
Target same - store sales declined 6.1 % in May ( - 4.3 exp )
No green shoots or ‘ the worst is over ’ in the ICSC - Goldman Sachs Chain Store Sales Index
Target Chief Executive Gregg Steinhafel avers that ‘ RETAIL METRICS SAYS RETAILERS ARE STILL UNDER PRESSURE ’.
When you are just one person sitting on a warming planet – when you see economies collapsing , wars raging , and reasons for fear on every corner – how should you react ?
What can you do ?
The current cluster of crises has stirred mood - responses that you can hear in every bar and coffee shop .
It 's worth looking at them , because beyond their siren messages , there is a road to real change that is being neglected .
The first mood is to feel powerless , and to turn this into a defiant pessimism .
You know the script .
I can't make any difference .
It 's all going to happen , whatever I do .
The political conversation is remote and boring and has nothing to do with me anyway .
I 'm going to buy an extra -big lock for my door , hug my kids a little tighter , and sit out the storm .
We all have these moods from time to time , but they have now turned into the default mode of citizens in the supposedly advanced democracies .
The second mood seems to be the opposite , but is actually its flipside .
It says : what we need is a heroic leader who will save us .
Enter Barack Obama .
He 's clever and articulate and has a conscience .
He 's the photographic negative of George W Bush .
He will sort things out .
Leave it to him ; breathe out at last , and wait for every country to find such a man .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Both these moods leave you – the ordinary citizen – inert .
All you can do is focus on your own personal life and wait , for disaster or salvation .
But these twin dispositions leave out the real option that is waiting for you .
It is the only one that has ever delivered political change in the past , and it is the only one that will pull us out of the ditch now .
It is where ordinary individual citizens – you – come together and raise their voices and offer solutions of their own .
To get there , you have to deal first with the people who say that politics is irrelevant and boring and they do n't care .
I always offer them one fact .
According to the best scientific evidence , if we have five degrees of global warming – which is now a significant possibility in my lifetime , unless we change our behaviour fast – there will be global crop failure .
Food will not grow .
Are you bored by this prospect ?
Is that dull ?
You wo n't be bored when you are hungry .
Martha Gellhorn , the great war correspondent , said : " People will often say , with pride : ' I 'm not interested in politics . '
They might as well say , ' I 'm not interested in my standard of living , my health , my job , my rights , my freedoms , my future or any future . ' "
Be serious .
It might seem remote ; it might seem difficult ; it might be a world away from the arcane mumblings of Brown and Cameron ; but unless you are a psychopath , you care .
Far from being some dreamy call to kumbaya , collective political action is the single biggest reason your life is incalculably better than that of your great - grandparents .
When people first called for equality for women , when people first started to conduct scientific experiments , when people first suggested paid weekends and holidays for ordinary workers , they were greeted by the same glib pessimism we hear today .
It 'll never happen !
What can we do ?
But ordinary people who believed they were necessary gathered together .
They spoke and argued and marched and lobbied in their defence – and they won .
These achievements were never handed down by people at the top .
Who was the leader of feminism ?
Who was the leader of scientific progress ?
Who was the leader of workers ' rights ?
Sure , there were inspirational individuals along the way .
But they happened as a result of millions of ordinary people demanding it , and never giving up .
If we had waited for leaders to spontaneously see the light , we would be waiting still .
That 's why the unquestioning faith in Barack Obama of the past year – now slowly dispersing – has been as disempowering as despair .
Both ask nothing of you .
In reality , Obama will only be a good President if ordinary people pressure him to be one – if they shove him away from his errors ( like aerial bombardment of Pakistan ) and push him to pursue his good goals more vigorously ( like building universal healthcare at home ) .
Trusting him to do the right thing is a basic misunderstanding of how progress happens in a democracy .
You choose the best leader available within the power structure – which Obama undoubtedly was – and then you pressure him like hell .
Great democratic leaders permit the public mood to prevail over the entrenched vested interests blocking their will .
It 's an art , but it 's not the most important art : that lies with you , and me , and all ordinary citizens .
That 's why I get angry when I see movies or plays venerating leaders as quasi-messiahs .
In the otherwise - excellent new play at London 's Trafalgar Studios , The Mountain - Top , Martin Luther King is given a premonition of Barack Obama as The One that will come after him .
In the movie Bobby , about the assassination of Robert Kennedy , one character asks in tears : " Jack 's dead .
Bobby 's dead .
King 's dead .
Who 's left ? "
The response is – all of you .
Bobby Kennedy 's mind was changed on Vietnam by the vast public protests by ordinary people ; Martin Luther King had power because he was part of a huge movement of concerned citizens .
Neither were lone heroes : there is no such thing in political life .
If you do n't turn on to politics , politics will turn on you .
In any society , the people who already have power will try to get the state to work in their interests .
Every day , the oil companies and the billionaires are lobbying for their interests – and they speak far louder than their numbers , because they have so much hard cash .
If you sit back , shrug and say you can't do anything , their interests will prevail over yours .
That 's how we got into the credit crunch that endangers your job , and the climate crunch that endangers your ecosystem .
Banks spent billions on lobbyists and PR - mongers to make our governments scrap the rules restraining them , so they could then pile up mountains of risky profit .
In the end , it caused the financial house to fall down on us all .
Similarly , big oil and big coal spend a fortune to stop governments making the urgent transition to clean energy that we need .
It will cause the ecological roof to fall in .
In both cases , a small concentrated private interest prevailed over the public interest – and you were screwed .
Politicians respond to the pressures put on them .
The banks and oil companies and billionaires never stop putting on their pressure , waving their cheques , and making their threats .
We need to make sure our collective voices talk louder .
The only way to do that is to give your time and energy and dedication to demand genuine democracy .
This is n't something remote .
It 's very simple and very practical .
Choose one or two groups , and donate a few hours of your time a week .
There are a thousand brilliant campaigning organisations – I 'd recommend Plane Stupid , Greenpeace , End Child Poverty , the Tax Justice Network and the National Secular Society , just for starters .
They all have work for you to do , now .
If there is n't a group for the cause you most believe in , start your own .
Political change rarely happens in a satisfying orgasmic flash , but if enough of us demand it , it comes in the end .
Democracy – real , campaigning democracy , not the dessicated Westminster variety – works like those Push Ha'Penny machines you find in old arcades .
You remember : thousands of two pence coins lie on a moving shelf , and you have to drop in coins of your own in the hope it will cause the pennies to tumble down for you to collect .
Sometimes it feels like you are wasting your coins and the piles are n't moving even a millimetre – but then a ker - ching landslide happens , often when you least expect it .
You are not powerless .
You are surrounded by millions of people who share your frustrations and share your instinct for justice and rationality .
It is your job as a citizen to connect with them .
Together , you are powerful .
If you remain alone and apart and soaked in cynicism , you can be sure the Rupert Murdochs and Wall - Marts and British Petroleums will be fighting for their interests – against yours , and humanity's .
j.hari@independent.co.uk
With Pentagon officials continuing to work on contingencies for the increasingly unlikely event that President Obama actually fulfills his pledge to remove troops from Iraq , the enormous amounts of military equipment the US has shipped to the nation over the past six years is becoming an increasing topic of conversation .
Though the Pentagon has declined to give an exact price tag for removing what Major General Kevin Leonard says is “ literally millions of pieces of equipment , ” it is likely to run into the tens of billions of dollars .
A lot of the cost is going to depend on what the military decides to do with the various items it required to occupy the nation and then fight an insurgency for several years with well over 100,000 US troops .
Some of the gear will be shipped back to the US , others will be sent to Afghanistan for the ongoing war there .
Still others will just be given to the Iraqi government so they do n’t have to deal with the other two options .
The US has spent over two thirds of a trillion dollars on the war in Iraq so far ( and this is only figuring the direct costs ) , but while President Obama has already started projecting dramatically lower costs in the near future as the war “ winds down ” ( which so far has n’t translated to actually removing serious numbers of troops from the nation ) , the costs just of hauling “ mountains of equipment ” out of Iraq show that nothing the military does is done on the cheap , not even ending a war .
Intel 's Wind River subsidiary is now the leader in embedded Linux , at least when it comes to revenues , according to the market analysis by VDC Research .
Wind River , which was acquired in June by Intel ( NASDAQ : INTC ) for $ 884 million , has more than 30 percent of the total market revenue for embedded Linux , VDC found .
Wind River 's position comes as the company continues to grow its Linux efforts after entering the market in 2004 .
One of Wind River 's principal competitors in the Linux space is embedded Linux pioneer MontaVista Linux , which sees the market as being about more than just total market revenues .
Overall , both vendors see continued opportunities for the growth of embedded Linux especially in the current economy .
" Wind River is a public company so their revenues were common knowledge , " Jim Ready , CTO and Co-founder of MontaVista .
Told InternetNews.com .
" However , the numbers were a little surprising in how they were reported .
According to the report , MontaVista holds over 25 percent share of total embedded Linux revenue .
It also says that the market is $ 126 million .
We believe the total addressable market number is much larger , particularly in providing Linux commercialization services to the roll - your - own crowd . "
Prior to being acquired by Intel , Wind River reported Linux revenues for its fiscal 2009 year ( ended January 31 , 2009 ) of over $ 65 million .
VDC Research was not immediately available for comment .
MontaVista's Ready however also took aim at how VDC measured the embedded Linux lead .
" It is also important to note that the report focused only on total revenue , rather than deployments , and revenue is only part of the story , " Ready said .
VDC numbers aside , Wind River has made strides in Linux over the last five years according to Vincent Rerolle , vice president and general manager of the Linux product division at Wind River .
Rerolle told InternetNews.com that he was happy more than surprised at the VDC positioning of Wind River .
Rerolle commented that Wind River entered the Linux space in 2004 at the request of its clients , who had been asking for Linux solutions .
Wind River also offers a proprietary embedded operating system called VxWorks , which in some ways competes with Linux .
According to Rerolle , prior to 2004 , Wind River had been worried about potentially cannibalizing its existing VxWorks business by going with Linux , but in the end realized that they had to offer Linux to be competitive .
" Our customers came to us and said there was a class of applications for which they would go with Linux no matter what , " Rerolle said .
" They told us that they thought we had what it takes to produce a commercial grade Linux and that we were basically stupid not to take advantage of the business opportunity . "
VxWorks is still alive and growing at Wind River five years later and Rerolle noted that it 's not an issue of open source religion when it comes to VxWorks versus Linux .
In his view , VxWorks still fits a role in many deterministic , real - time embedded applications , though there is overlap in Linux and VxWorks capabilities .
More companies are now comfortable with choosing Linux , according to Rerolle and there are lots of applications that could go with either VxWorks or Linux .
That said , he noted that companies that already have an existing investment in VxWorks might well find it to be easier or cheaper to stick with it .
Intel Ownership
With Intel now owning Wind River , the roadmap for Wind River 's Linux is n't necessarily changing .
Rerolle said that many of Wind River 's big customers have been asking about how things might change under Intel ownership .
" We told them that it 's a big acquisition for Intel , " Rerolle said .
" Our company strength is about offering amazing software on whatever hardware the biggest companies on the planet are using .
The hardware can be Intel , Freescale , Texas Instruments or anyone else . "
Rerolle added that messing up Wind River 's existing capacity to service multiple hardware platforms would n't be a good thing and is n't happening .
Additionally Intel is keeping its hardware engineering teams separate from Wind River 's software engineering .
" We are going to firewall our engineering teams , " Rerolle said .
" Intel is nervous that Intel engineering roadmaps could leak to the other guys too . "
Competition
While Wind River and MontaVista both compete against each other , they also are both competing against home grown and in - house effort to build embedded Linux .
" In actuality , MontaVista 's largest challenge in embedded Linux comes from developers that are looking to roll their own or use Linux bundled with the semiconductor distributions as opposed to any specific commercial embedded Linux vendor , " MontaVista 's Ready said .
Overall though , the need for commercial Linux support is what is helping to drive growth .
" Over the past five years , Linux has been rapidly displacing traditional RTOSes ( Real Time Operating Systems ) and becoming the OS of choice for embedded developers , " Ready said .
" Opportunities for commercial embedded Linux vendors are growing and the semiconductor vendors all offer various flavors of Linux technology as part of their hardware enablement .
We see tremendous opportunities for growth in the coming years .
In fact , we feel that embedded Linux has won this battle . "
After much deliberation , I have decided to finally release FASHEMATICAL Issue # 2 !
A few months ago , I received the zines hot off the press , stickered them with my cover star ( a former hero ) , photographed them and prepared to upload them for sale , checked my favourite news site and lo and behold …
The cover star is suddenly an extremely inappropriate choice that was made unknowingly almost six months prior … and now I have 200 inappropriate zines sitting in my studio !
Well , I hope that the zombie cover can be read as a statement and that the robot illustration ( with the big brain ) can be ignored !!
100 or so equations on , comes FASHEMATICAL Issue 2 .
A zine of my favourite looks from the Spring / Summer 2011 runway shows .
FASHEMATICAL is a collection of illustrations reinterpreting the stars of the catwalk as part of either a horde of zombies or an army of robots , hell - bent on taking planet Earth for themselves .
Featuring clothes by Celine , Stella McCartney , Prada , Alexander McQueen , Gareth Pugh and more …
20 pages
195 mm x 255 mm ( portrait )
mono ( black )
saddle - stitched in a flip - flop back - to - front style so that the zine can be read in either direction
edition of 200
signed and numbered .
SOLD OUT !
Fashematical # 2
Robert Creeley ( born May 21 , 1926 , Arlington , Massachusetts ) was a poet with more than sixty books of poetry to his name .
He was the author of For Love and is usually grouped with the Black Mountain poets .
He was quite friendly with Charles Olson , Robert Duncan , Allen Ginsberg and John Wieners .
For many years he taught at Buffalo and later at Brown University .
Robert Creeley passed away on March 30 , 2005 .
New York - Style Winds Could Power the World 100 Times Over
Scientists have discovered that New York City is a “ prime location for exploiting high - altitude winds . ”
In fact , a recent study by the Carnegie Institution and California State University found that globally , high - altitude winds like those over New York City could together meet the current energy needs of the world “ 100 times over ” .
After studying 28 years of data , the scientists found the “ highest wind power densities over Japan and eastern China , the eastern coast of the United States , southern Australia , and north - eastern Africa , ” according to Cristina Archer , of the California State University , Chico .
Wind power density refers to “ both wind speed and air density at different altitudes ” .
Sky Windpower Corporation explains how wind measurements are taken :
At major airports and air stations all over the world wind velocity , direction , temperature and dew point measurements are made by balloons released at midnight and noon each day .
Data is transmitted back to the ground for readings made every few hundred meters as the balloon rises .
High altitude winds contain the greatest amount of energy .
Ken Caldeira of the Carnegie Institution ’s Department of Global Ecology and coauthor of the study explains :
There is a huge amount of energy available in high altitude winds .
These winds blow much more strongly and steadily than near - surface winds , but you need to go get up miles to get a big advantage .
Ideally , you would like to be up near the jet streams , around 30,000 feet .
Caldeira has also been identified by Rolling Stone magazine as one of the top 100 “ Agents of Change ” , specifically earning the number 36 slot .
Of course , there are risks to high altitude wind generators like kites from lightning , and the authors warn wind power “ requires substantial infrastructure ” .
Still the thought that we can use the wind above our cities to power our energy needs is exciting to consider .
I think it would add an interesting element to the skyline to see wind kites soaring above the Big Apple .
Please follow and like us :
Related
Mother gets 99 years in son's mutilation Jurors in mutilation case sentence mom to 99 years
A Houston mother was sentenced to 99 years in prison on Monday for severing her infant son's genitals in a 2007 attack she blamed on the family dog .
Harris County jurors deliberated about two hours on Monday before sentencing Katherine “ Katie ” Nadal , a former Anahuac cheerleader , the maximum allowed for the charge of serious bodily injury to a child .
Nadal , 28 , was also fined $ 10,000 .
She will have to serve 30 years before becoming eligible for parole .
In an emotional outburst during impact statements from five of the boy 's family members , Nadal shouted at Patches DeShazo , the child 's aunt , who is also his legal guardian .
As DeShazo chastised Nadal for hurting the boy , Nadal shouted back , “ No I did n't .
I did n't hurt him , I failed him . ”
Camden Gothia , the boy 's father , them jumped from his seat and shouted , “ You abused him while he was still in the womb ! ”
As deputies seated Nadal , Gothia stormed out of the courtroom and could be heard shouting in the hallway .
Defense attorneys said they were disappointed with the length of the sentence and said Nadal continues to assert her innocence .
“ She has always maintained that she did not do anything wrong , except not remain alert enough as a caretaker , ” Allen Isbell said .
Nadal testified during the trial that a small dachshund chewed her 5 - week - old son 's penis and testicles while she slept in the family 's Clear Lake - area apartment .
Upbringing described
Earlier Monday , jurors in state District Judge Denise Collins ' court listened to testimony describing her suburban childhood through her adult descent into drug addiction , to March 13 , 2007 , when she mutilated her son .
Prosecutors had asked jurors to sentence Nadal to life in prison .
Her lawyers asked for probation .
Prosecutors asked for “ the maximum with a message , ” noting the child 's injuries .
“ That ca n't be fixed , ” said Assistant Harris County District Attorney Denise Oncken .
“ She has given him a horrible life to deal with . ”
Isbell asked for mercy for a “ promising young lady ” who was n't strong enough to deal with the death of a close friend in high school .
“ Mitigation does not excuse what someone has done , but it brings compassion for the person , ” Isbell said .
Skip Cornelius , another of Nadal 's lawyers , said the mother maintained her story about seeing a 6 - pound miniature dachshund licking the bloody baby after waking up .
He also floated an argument that someone else may have cut off the baby 's genitals — a theory that was not supported by any evidence during trial .
He went on to say Nadal had a “ drug - diseased mind , ” but had no motive for mutilating the boy .
“ This whole case is about drugs , ” Cornelius said .
The day after the attack , Nadal tested positive for cocaine , methadone and Xanax , a tranquilizer .
Assistant District Attorney Tammy
Thomas gave her closing arguments with a picture of the child , smiling for the camera , displayed on the courtroom 's big - screen television .
Doctors testified the boy will need many more surgeries and hormone treatment for the rest of his life .
“ This kid has so many problems coming toward him in the future , a pill 's not going to fix it , ” Thomas said .
“ She took his identity , folks .
And she either flushed it or threw it in the trash can somewhere . ”
None of the baby 's parts were found .
Thomas also noted evidence presented of Nadal 's extensive drug use .
Testimony showed she went to a drug house to buy cocaine , then injected it while watching her son the day before the assault .
She also argued with the boy 's father over whether the baby needed to be circumcised .
Gothia , the boy 's father , opposed it .
Gothia was at work when the boy was injured and immediately ended his relationship with Nadal .
brian.rogers@chron.com
According to the best scientific data currently available , both the average and the mean temperatures of Hell have risen 3.8 degrees since 1955 .
Although an increase of this size may seem insignificant , especially to those not spending eternity there , the reality of the situation is quite different when experienced in concrete terms .
For example , occupants of Hell who in 1955 were standing night and day in boiling pitch up to their knees report that , owing to the expansion of pitch at higher temperatures , they now must endure the torment all the way up to mid-thigh , or even higher , during Hell ’s warmer seasons .
Condemned souls who have to lie on their backs chained to a flat rock while a white - hot sheet of iron is lowered to within inches of their faces have stated that the rise in Hell ’s ambient temperature now makes the iron seem much closer to their faces than it actually is .
Illustration by Zohar Lazar
Former Vice - President Al Gore , who was among the first to raise concerns about this problem , convened an interdisciplinary gathering in December of 2008 to discuss some of Hell ’s climate issues and how we might begin to address them .
To encourage the widest possible range of views , Mr. Gore invited a mixture of climate experts , satanic functionaries , representatives of industry , people from the faith community , average citizens , advocates for the aged , and a large number of the souls of the damned who are dealing with these changes on a daily basis .
Owing to travel restrictions on some of the participants , the convocation took place deep in a smoldering , sulfurous Hell - mouth below a subbasement in the Sony Building .
The following is an edited transcript :
MR . GORE : Thank you all for coming today — is that rotten - egg smell bothering anybody ?
We ’re working on getting some fans to ventilate that out of here — and I ’d like to start right in with a question for those of you who have temporarily ascended from the innermost bowels of Hades .
You know what it ’s like down there , while many of us still do n’t .
First off , I think we ’d all like to know : how hot is it ?
MR . MAGUS : Thank you , Mr. Gore , for convening this distinguished assembly , and I ’m honored you invited me .
My name is Simon Magus and I am , or was , a Samaritan sorcerer of the first century consigned to everlasting perdition for the sin of simony , the selling of church offices or preferments ( a sin , for what it ’s worth , named after me ) .
I ’ve been in Hell for going on two millennia now , and , to be honest with you , I have n’t noticed that much of a difference .
I ’m told it ’s hotter lately , and I guess I ’ll take your word for it .
But where I am , down in the Third Chasm , it ’s incredible .
I mean , flames fall on our bare feet constantly , the rock our bodies are stuck in is practically on fire — it ’s Hell , basically , so it ’s very , very hot already .
I just worry that we might be making a big deal out of nothing here .
MS. BIELUSKA : Can I respond to that ?
MR . GORE : Please , go ahead .
MS. BIELUSKA : Mr. Gore , I am the shade of Amber Catherine Bieluska , of Lakewood , Ohio , and I would like to disagree strongly with the statement that has just been made .
I am in Hell for a lot of minor things , the biggest one being that I never paid the sixties band that played at my third wedding , and I ’m supposed to be enduring only mild agony in First Circle Plus , which is as high in Hell as you can go , and my own personal suffering and atonement have got so much worse just in the past few years .
Where I ’m at , it ’s always been more stuffy than really hot hot , but recently it ’s become so damp and humid , and , with the incoming spirit traffic and all the particle pollution from that , I feel my own punishment , which was totally unfair to begin with , has been made much more horrible through no fault of my own .
MR. GORE : Thank you , Ms. Bieluska and Mr. Magus , and we ’ll be coming back to you shortly , but now I ’d like to turn to one of the country ’s leading authorities on terrestrial and infernal climates , Dr. James Hansen , of NASA ’s Goddard Institute for Space Studies .
Dr. Hansen , tell us , are we “ making a big deal out of nothing ” ?
DR .
HANSEN : Thank you , Mr. Vice - President , and I extend greetings to all you folks , former folks , and Satan - serving fiends who have taken the time to attend this vitally important event .
I wish I could say we were making too much of Hell ’s growing problems , but I ’m afraid the news in that area is very grim indeed .
As you may know , more human beings now occupy our planet than have occupied it at any other time in all of history or prehistory — some six and a half billion souls , and counting — and when these people die , as they ’re all going to do , we can anticipate that all but .0001 per cent of them will not be going to Heaven .
Granted , a lot of these will stop at Purgatory , but the rest will descend directly to Hell .
We expect that the sudden influx of souls will put a huge strain on Hell ’s carrying capacity and make large regions of it virtually uninhabitable .
Now , we are accustomed to thinking of the basic affliction of Hell as the burning brimstone — and , yes , brimstone is a significant part of the package , with its horrible odor and disgusting yellow color and the way it sticks to the skin and so on .
But brimstone is essentially just sulfur , a rather expensive commodity when compared with , say , coal .
And the fact is that owing to cost considerations low - grade soft coal — so - called “ dirty coal ” — is currently providing more than ninety - three per cent of the energy for the fires of Hell .
At the rate of growth we ’re seeing now , consumption of that amount of coal for all eternity is simply unsustainable .
As you know , I have recently been involved in an international committee looking into Hell ’s long - term energy picture , and we have recommended that Hell convert as soon as possible from a coal - based soul - scourging system to one that relies on clean - burning , plentiful , and inexpensive natural gas .
Now , I am aware that this idea has not been popular among the dark powers and principalities , but —
( Here the tape of the proceedings is interrupted by blasts of deafening static from the electromagnetic emanations of the demons , tempters , subtempters , satyrs , and gargoyles who begin to burst through interstices in the Hell - mouth ’s crusted floor , flying redly past the speaker ’s dais and among the participants looking on from folding chairs .
An unholy discord and din , with howling and gnashing of teeth untranscribable .
Now a molten whirlpool appears and advances gurgling until it reaches Mr. Gore and sucks him from view . )
“ Hello ? Hello ? . . .
Is this thing on ? . . .
Hello , this is Al Gore , and I ’m fine , my pant cuffs are singed and the bottoms of my shoes are smoking a little , but I want to emphasize that I am O.K .
I am going to continue to talk into this lavalier microphone clipped to my shirt collar in the hope that those of you up top can still hear me .
What has happened is that I seem to have slid down a chute type of deal into the vestibule of Hell itself .
It ’s uncomfortably warm here , no question about that , and there are big red neon signs saying ‘ You Are in Hell — Get Used to It ! , ’ and now I see a robed spirit figure walking toward me and —hey , wait a minute !
Is that . . . is that Mickey Mantle ? ”
“ Welcome to Hell , Mr. Vice - President , and , yes , you are correct , I am the spiritual remnant of what used to be Mickey Mantle — baseball legend and executive .
I have been consigned to this place not for anything I did on the diamond but for some of my off - the - field antics , as detailed in such books as ‘ Ball Four , ’ by Jim Bouton , and Billy Martin ’s ‘ Number 1 . ’
If those books had not been written , my sins probably would have escaped notice — but , hey , I ’m not complaining .
So far I ’ve been enjoying my assignment as Hell ’s official greeter , and I ’d love to take you on a look around .
May I ? ”
“ Lead away , Mick ! ”
“ All right , Mr. Vice - President — watch your head as we go down this hot - lava staircase here , and over on your zzzt left you can see the zzzt where teachers who were zzzt mean to zzzt in elementary sch_zzzt_ must suffer zzzt zzzt zzzzzzzzzzzt . . . ”
( At this point , Mr. Gore descended beyond the coverage area and began to break up .
The colloquium adjourned for a ninety - minute lunch , after which the transcript resumes . )
SATAN HIMSELF : Could everybody please take their seats ?
Surrender your souls to me and worship and obey me ?
Thank you .
I ’m told that Sony will need this space back by 5 P.M. , and there ’s still a lot left on the agenda , so we have to move along .
Some of you might not recognize me without the big cape and the collar that goes all the way up to my horns , and my tail is tucked into my right pant leg , but I ’m Beelzebub , Mephistopheles , Abaddon , Baal , Old Nick , Mr. Blackburn , Randi Weingarten , or whatever name I ’m being given these days .
Mr. Gore has thoughtfully suggested that while he ’s finishing his tour I rise from my foul throne at the absolute lowest depths of perfidy and corruption to address you about the troubling situation we ’re facing in Hell today .
Right now in Hell we are hurting .
That ’s the single most important take - away I would like you to get from what I have to say to you this afternoon : we are hurting .
Hell is being pressed to and beyond its limits to such an extent that we are having trouble simply performing our jobs .
Every day , I must make hard choices from among an inadequate supply of options .
People in the land of the living are constantly requesting that this or that other person “ rot in Hell , ” and we ’ve always tried to accommodate that , and as a result we have literally tens of billions of individuals — tier after tier after tier of them — sitting there rotting , and we have had to put in new tiers and still they are all over the place .
And is anybody besides us giving any thought to maintenance ?
To the necessary monitoring of the rot ?
To staffing ?
I ’m a detail - oriented type , I ’m actually in the details , and recently that ’s been where I ’m falling down , and it ’s hurting my most important attribute , which is my pride .
I like my helper devils to have the best titanium pitchforks , and that ’s been impossible for us under current conditions , so they ’ve been having to just sort of poke the wretched sinners with their long and pointy fingernails .
That ’s only one example .
Because of ongoing constraints , I am sorry to say , the operation of Hell is no longer even close to what it should be , and important areas of quality are being degraded .
I hate with my most ancient and implacable hatred of all that is good to have to say this , but unfortunately it ’s true .
So , for me , the whole increase - in - temperature thing , while important , is pretty far down on my list of concerns .
I can stand at the exact center of the sun , temperature twenty - eight million degrees Fahrenheit , and it ’s like a summer breeze to me .
Far as I ’m concerned , warming is not the problem ; it ’s the over - all decline in Hell ’s capabilities .
Right now , with the resources we ’re being given , we are not punishing souls for their specific transgressions anymore , we ’re just warehousing them .
And that ’s a shame .
So when you look at your kids asleep in their beds after you return to your homes this evening , I want you to ask yourselves , “ What kind of Hell am I leaving for them , and for my grandchildren ? ”
Once we ’ve all thought about that , maybe we can set aside personal concerns and begin to act in the larger interest of Hell .
But now I am being informed that my time is up .
Do you know who you ’re talking to ?
Do you have any idea who you are talking to ?
May I do my demonic laugh before I go ? ♦
The recession has killed jobs by the millions , but it ’s been a boon to one sector of the population : con artists .
They ’ve been offering consumers help in repairing bad credit , landing new jobs , starting lucrative work - at - home businesses and obtaining government money to pay off bills .
These scams -- which are surging along with the jobless rate -- are touted on websites and infomercials , and have bilked consumers out of hundreds of millions of dollars , said David C. Vladeck , director of the Federal Trade Commission ’s Bureau of Consumer Protection .
Federal officials , working with authorities in California and other states , struck back Wednesday .
They announced a series of civil and criminal charges against alleged con artists who have preyed on economic anxiety to lure consumers into making upfront payments for services that either fall far short of the promises or never materialize .
“ Rising unemployment , shrinking credit , record - setting foreclosures and disappearing retirement accounts are causing consumers tremendous anxiety about making ends meet , ” Vladeck said Wednesday at a news conference at the FTC .
“ But to con artists , today ’s challenging economy presents an opportunity to exploit consumers ’ fears and bilk them out of money . ”
Advertisement
Vladeck said that more than 100 cases have been filed nationwide this year as part of Operation Short Change , a task force consisting of the FTC , the Department of Justice and officials in 13 states and the District of Columbia .
The cases included eight filed Wednesday by the Federal Trade Commission .
One of the FTC ’s new cases alleged that five Van Nuys companies had bilked consumers out of about $ 300 million by selling fraudulent programs related to real estate or online businesses .
The companies -- John Beck Amazing Profits , John Alexander , Jeff Paul , Mentoring of America and Family Products -- and five people who had founded or run those companies were accused of violating federal laws related to telemarketing and consumer fraud .
The FTC accuses the companies of making “ false and unsubstantiated claims about potential earnings ” that customers could make by following their advice in books , CDs and DVDs titled “ John Beck ’s Free & Clear Real Estate System , ” “ John Alexander ’s Real Estate Riches in 14 Days ” and “ Jeff Paul ’s Shortcuts to Internet Millions , ” which were sold for $ 39.95 each .
Advertisement
People who purchased the programs , advertised through infomercials , unknowingly were signed up for additional monthly charges of $ 39.95 and offered “ personal coaching services ” that cost several thousand dollars .
Messages left at the companies ’ offices were not returned Wednesday .
In another case , Beverly Steward , a single , unemployed mother of two from the Washington , D.C. , area , answered a newspaper advertisement in January for a cleaning position .
She was referred to another company , Job Safety USA , and paid $ 98 for a certification allowing her to handle hazardous materials .
The documents never came , and Steward soon realized she had been taken , she said .
Advertisement
“ The website looked great .
Anybody would have fallen for it , ” said Steward , who pursued complaints with several government agencies .
“ I do n’t want anybody else . . . to be taken for even 5 cents . ”
The FTC sought a court injunction last week against Job Safety USA , its owner , Walter Ramos Borges , and five other Maryland - based companies linked to him for unfair and deceptive practices as well as restitution for customers .
Borges and the companies could not be located for comment .
The California Department of Corporations , which oversees investment advisors and other financial services businesses , has filed 13 cease - and - desist orders related to Operation Short Change , mostly against people operating payday loan businesses without licenses .
North Carolina has brought the most cases , 19 .
“ For a con artist , a bad economy is like a gold rush , ” North Carolina Atty .
Gen. Roy Cooper said at Wednesday ’s news conference .
Consumer complaints in his state have surged 27 % this year , he said .
Advertisement
Complaints to the FTC about business opportunities , such as work - at - home offers , nearly doubled in 2008 over the previous year to 20,286 and are continuing to rise in 2009 .
In the first six months of this year , the credit counseling and debt management category accounted for 3,600 complaints filed with the FTC , nearly triple the 1,300 complaints filed in the first half of 2008 .
California Atty .
Gen. Jerry Brown ’s office has seen the monthly average number of consumer complaints jump from 1,900 in 2008 to 3,000 so far this year , said spokeswoman Christine Gasparac .
In June , the office set a record with 3,622 complaints .
Cooper said consumers should not pay money upfront for any such services .
But he said that con artists have found fruitful territory in the recession .
“ Families in desperate need of cash often let their guard down , a gold mine for scammers , ” he said .
Advertisement
The FTC advises consumers to visit its Money Matters website , which offers tips and videos about avoiding scams fueled by the economic downturn .
--
jim.puzzanghera@latimes.com
The billionaire energy tycoon T Boone Pickens has scrapped a $ 10 bn ( £ 6.3 bn ) plan to build the world 's largest windfarm in the panhandle of Texas , dealing a setback to a broader effort to wean the US off its dependence on foreign oil .
Pickens blamed technical problems in transporting power between the proposed site of the system , which was to be in agricultural land hundreds of miles north - west of Dallas , and major population centres .
The demise of the project leaves Pickens , 81 , with a challenge in dealing with an initial load of 687 giant wind turbines , already on order from General Electric and due for delivery from 2011 .
He hopes to build a series of smaller power generation farms instead of a single enormous one .
" My garage wo n't hold them , " said Pickens .
" They 've got to go someplace . "
Pickens , who built his fortune in the oil and gas industry , has spent the last year vigorously promoting a self - proclaimed " Pickens plan " which aims to make the US independent of foreign sources of oil by switching to domestic natural gas and wind generation .
He has bankrolled television commercials advocating the idea and has lobbied lawmakers in Washington .
The colossal wind farm , which Pickens described to the Guardian last year as " mind boggling " , was to have been a centrepiece of the plan .
By 2014 , it was supposed to have a capacity of 4,000 megawatts of energy derived from 2,700 turbines on 200,000 acres of land – enough to power a million homes .
He told the Dallas Morning News this week that construction of a transmission line to the site had proven difficult : " It was a little more complicated than we thought . "
Instead , his company , Mesa Power , is looking at six possible sites across the US Midwest and south - west , as locations for three to four windfarms of about 150 turbines each .
" I do n't think the first place we build , though , is where we thought we would build because we do n't have the transmission , " said Pickens .
Barack Obama met Pickens during the election campaign last year , saying he was keen to discuss an " intelligent energy policy " , despite the billionaire 's record of supporting Republican politicians .
In 2004 , Pickens bankrolled a series of controversial spots known as " swift boat " advertisements which attacked the war record of Democratic contender John Kerry .
Pickens ' argument for wind is largely on financial , rather than environmental , grounds .
He points out that the US imports 65 % of its oil which , he says , is both an economic and a security threat .
He told Congress that $ 10 trillion would leave the country to buy foreign oil over the next decade .
In March , Pickens was awarded the honour of " Texan of the year " by the state 's Republican governor , Rick Perry , who said the Pickens plan could " change the world forever " .
Words with occasional pictures
New and old writings , continuously updated , but also preserving self - described “ classics ” I ’ve written over the last 20 years or so .
Engineering , politics , history , science , complexity , agile , all that kind of stuff .
Sort by …
Toggle Dropdown
Title
Topics …
That 's all I 've got for now .
But there will be more , no doubt , another day .
