These famous speeches lifted hearts in dark times , gave hope in despair , refined the characters of men , inspired brave feats , gave courage to the weary , honored the dead , and changed the course of history .
How did we compile this list ?
Great oratory has three components : style , substance , and impact .
Style : A great speech must be masterfully constructed .
The best orators are masters of both the written and spoken word , and use words to create texts that are beautiful to both hear and read .
Substance : A speech may be flowery and charismatically presented , and yet lack any true substance at all .
Great oratory must center on a worthy theme ; it must appeal to and inspire the audience ’s finest values and ideals .
Impact : Great oratory always seeks to persuade the audience of some fact or idea .
The very best speeches change hearts and minds and seem as revelatory several decades or centuries removed as when they were first given .
And now for the speeches .
1. Theodore Roosevelt , “ Duties of American Citizenship ” January 26 , 1883 ; Buffalo , New York Given while serving as a New York assemblyman , TR 's address on the " Duties of American Citizenship " delved into both the theoretical reasons why every man should be involved in politics and the practical means of serving in that capacity .
Roosevelt chided those who excused themselves from politics because they were too busy ; it was every man 's duty to devote some time to maintaining good government .
Worthy Excerpt :
Of course , in one sense , the first essential for a man 's being a good citizen is his possession of the home virtues of which we think when we call a man by the emphatic adjective of manly .
No man can be a good citizen who is not a good husband and a good father , who is not honest in his dealings with other men and women , faithful to his friends and fearless in the presence of his foes , who has not got a sound heart , a sound mind , and a sound body ; exactly as no amount of attention to civil duties will save a nation if the domestic life is undermined , or there is lack of the rude military virtues which alone can assure a country 's position in the world .
In a free republic the ideal citizen must be one willing and able to take arms for the defense of the flag , exactly as the ideal citizen must be the father of many healthy children .
A race must be strong and vigorous ; it must be a race of good fighters and good breeders , else its wisdom will come to naught and its virtue be ineffective ; and no sweetness and delicacy , no love for and appreciation of beauty in art or literature , no capacity for building up material prosperity can possibly atone for the lack of the great virile virtues .
But this is aside from my subject , for what I wish to talk of is the attitude of the American citizen in civic life .
It ought to be axiomatic in this country that every man must devote a reasonable share of his time to doing his duty in the Political life of the community .
No man has a right to shirk his political duties under whatever plea of pleasure or business ; and while such shirking may be pardoned in those of small cleans it is entirely unpardonable in those among whom it is most common -- in the people whose circumstances give them freedom in the struggle for life .
In so far as the community grows to think rightly , it will likewise grow to regard the young man of means who shirks his duty to the State in time of peace as being only one degree worse than the man who thus shirks it in time of war .
A great many of our men in business , or of our young men who are bent on enjoying life ( as they have a perfect right to do if only they do not sacrifice other things to enjoyment ) , rather plume themselves upon being good citizens if they even vote ; yet voting is the very least of their duties , Nothing worth gaining is ever gained without effort .
You can no more have freedom without striving and suffering for it than you can win success as a banker or a lawyer without labor and effort , without self - denial in youth and the display of a ready and alert intelligence in middle age .
The people who say that they have not time to attend to politics are simply saying that they are unfit to live in a free community .
Read full text of speech here .
2. Winston Churchill , “ We Shall Fight on the Beaches ” June 4 , 1940 ; House of Commons , London Winston Churchill , one of the greatest orators of the 20th century , was interestingly enough , like Demosthenes and other great orators before him , born with a speech impediment which he worked on until it no longer hindered him .
One would never guess this from hearing Churchill 's strong and reassuring voice , a voice that would buoy up Britain during some of her darkest hours .
During the Battle of France , Allied Forces became cut off from troops south of the German penetration and perilously trapped at the Dunkirk bridgehead .
On May 26 , a wholesale evacuation of these troops , dubbed " Operation Dynamo , " began .
The evacuation was an amazing effort - the RAF kept the Luftwaffe at bay while thousands of ships , from military destroyers to small fishing boats , were used to ferry 338,000 French and British troops to safety , far more than anyone had thought possible .
On June 4 , Churchill spoke before the House of Commons , giving a report which celebrated the " miraculous deliverance " at Dunkirk , while also seeking to temper a too rosy of view of what was on the whole a " colossal military disaster . "
Worthy Excerpt : I have , myself , full confidence that if all do their duty , if nothing is neglected , and if the best arrangements are made , as they are being made , we shall prove ourselves once again able to defend our Island home , to ride out the storm of war , and to outlive the menace of tyranny , if necessary for years , if necessary alone .
At any rate , that is what we are going to try to do .
That is the resolve of His Majesty 's Government - every man of them .
That is the will of Parliament and the nation .
The British Empire and the French Republic , linked together in their cause and in their need , will defend to the death their native soil , aiding each other like good comrades to the utmost of their strength .
Even though large tracts of Europe and many old and famous States have fallen or may fall into the grip of the Gestapo and all the odious apparatus of Nazi rule , we shall not flag or fail .
We shall go on to the end , we shall fight in France , we shall fight on the seas and oceans , we shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the air , we shall defend our Island , whatever the cost may be , we shall fight on the beaches , we shall fight on the landing grounds , we shall fight in the fields and in the streets , we shall fight in the hills ; we shall never surrender , and even if , which I do not for a moment believe , this Island or a large part of it were subjugated and starving , then our Empire beyond the seas , armed and guarded by the British Fleet , would carry on the struggle , until , in God 's good time , the New World , with all its power and might , steps forth to the rescue and the liberation of the old .
Read full text of speech here .
Check out my podcast with Churchill biographer Andrew Roberts .
3. Lou Gehrig , “ Farewell to Baseball Address ” July 4 , 1939 ; Yankee Stadium
It seemed as if the luminous career of Lou Gehrig would go on forever .
The Yankee 's first baseman and prodigious slugger was nicknamed the Iron Horse for his durability and commitment to the game .
Sadly , his record for suiting up for 2,130 consecutive games came to an end when at age 36 , Gehrig was stricken with the crippling disease that now bears his name .
On July 4 , 1939 , the Yankees held a ceremony to honor their teammate and friend .
They retired Gehrig 's number , spoke of his greatness , and presented him with various gifts , plaques , and trophies .
When Gehrig finally addressed the crowd , he did not use the opportunity to wallow in pity .
Instead , he spoke of the things he was grateful for and what a lucky guy he was .
The Speech Fans , for the past two weeks you have been reading about a bad break I got .
Yet today I consider myself the luckiest man on the face of the earth .
I have been in ballparks for seventeen years and have never received anything but kindness and encouragement from you fans .
Look at these grand men .
Which of you would n't consider it the highlight of his career to associate with them for even one day ?
Sure , I 'm lucky .
Who would n't consider it an honor to have known Jacob Ruppert - also the builder of baseball 's greatest empire , Ed Barrow - to have spent the next nine years with that wonderful little fellow Miller Huggins - then to have spent the next nine years with that outstanding leader , that smart student of psychology - the best manager in baseball today , Joe McCarthy !
Sure , I 'm lucky .
When the New York Giants , a team you would give your right arm to beat , and vice versa , sends you a gift , that 's something !
When everybody down to the groundskeepers and those boys in white coats remember you with trophies , that 's something .
When you have a wonderful mother - in - law who takes sides with you in squabbles against her own daughter , that 's something .
When you have a father and mother who work all their lives so that you can have an education and build your body , it 's a blessing !
When you have a wife who has been a tower of strength and shown more courage than you dreamed existed , that 's the finest I know .
So I close in saying that I might have had a tough break - but I have an awful lot to live for !
4. Demosthenes , “ The Third Philippic ” 342 B.C. ; Athens , Greece Demosthenes , master statesman and orator , loved his city - state of Athens .
He cherished its way of life and abundant freedoms .
And he believed in standing strong against anyone who might attempt to infringe on these privileges .
This passion , unfortunately , was seldom shared by his fellow Athenians .
While Philip the II of Macedon made bolder and bolder incursions into the Greek peninsula , the Athenian people seemed stuck in an apathetic stupor .
For years , Demosthenes employed his powerful oratorical skills in attempts to awaken his fellow citizens from sleep to the realization of the imminent danger Philip posed .
When Philip advanced on Thrace , the Athenians called an assembly to debate whether or not to finally heed the great orator 's advice .
Demosthenes was sick of his brethren taking liberty and the Athenian way of life for granted and he boldly called upon them to rise up and take action .
After his rousing speech , the assembly all cried out , " To arms !
To arms ! "
Worthy Excerpt :
It is this fate , I solemnly assure you , that I dread for you , when the time comes that you make your reckoning , and realize that there is no longer anything that can be done .
May you never find yourselves , men of Athens , in such a position !
Yet in any case , it were better to die ten thousand deaths , than to do anything out of servility towards Philip [ or to sacrifice any of those who speak for your good ] .
A noble recompense did the people in Oreus receive , for entrusting themselves to Philip 's friends , and thrusting Euphraeus aside !
And a noble recompense the democracy of Eretria , for driving away your envoys , and surrendering to Cleitarchus !
They are slaves , scourged and butchered !
A noble clemency did he show to the Olynthians , who elected Lasthenes to command the cavalry , and banished Apollonides !
It is folly , and it is cowardice , to cherish hopes like these , to give way to evil counsels , to refuse to do anything that you should do , to listen to the advocates of the enemy 's cause , and to fancy that you dwell in so great a city that , whatever happens , you will not suffer any harm .
Read full text of speech here .
5. Chief Joseph , “ Surrender Speech ” October 5 , 1877 ; Montana Territory
In 1877 , the military announced that the Chief Joseph and his tribe of Nez Perce had to move onto a reservation in Idaho or face retribution .
Desiring to avoid violence , Chief Joseph advocated peace and cooperation .
But fellow tribesmen dissented and killed four white men .
Knowing a swift backlash was coming , Joseph and his people began to make their way to Canada , hoping to find amnesty there .
The tribe traveled 1700 miles , fighting the pursuing US army along the way .
In dire conditions , and after a five day battle , Chief Joseph surrendered to General Nelson A. Miles on Oct. 5 , 1877 in the Bear Paw Mountains of Montana Territory , a mere 40 miles from the Canadian border .
The Chief knew he was the last of a dying breed , and the moment of surrender was heartbreaking .
The Speech Tell General Howard I know his heart .
What he told me before , I have it in my heart .
I am tired of fighting .
Our Chiefs are killed ; Looking Glass is dead , Ta Hool Hool Shute is dead .
The old men are all dead .
It is the young men who say yes or no .
He who led on the young men is dead .
It is cold , and we have no blankets ; the little children are freezing to death .
My people , some of them , have run away to the hills , and have no blankets , no food .
No one knows where they are - perhaps freezing to death .
I want to have time to look for my children , and see how many of them I can find .
Maybe I shall find them among the dead .
Hear me , my Chiefs !
I am tired ; my heart is sick and sad .
From where the sun now stands I will fight no more forever .
6. John F. Kennedy , “ Inauguration Address ” January 20 , 1961 ; Washington , D.C .
Young , handsome , with a glamorous family in tow , John F. Kennedy embodied the fresh optimism that had marked the post - war decade .
On January 20 , 1961 , Kennedy took the oath of office as the 35th President of the United States .
The youngest president in United States history , he was the first man born in the 20th century to hold that office .
Listening to his inaugural address , the nation felt that a new era and a " new frontier " were being ushered in .
Worthy Excerpt : Can we forge against these enemies a grand and global alliance , North and South , East and West , that can assure a more fruitful life for all mankind ?
Will you join in that historic effort ?
In the long history of the world , only a few generations have been granted the role of defending freedom in its hour of maximum danger .
I do not shrink from this responsibility -- I welcome it .
I do not believe that any of us would exchange places with any other people or any other generation .
The energy , the faith , the devotion which we bring to this endeavor will light our country and all who serve it -- and the glow from that fire can truly light the world .
And so , my fellow Americans : ask not what your country can do for you -- ask what you can do for your country .
My fellow citizens of the world : ask not what America will do for you , but what together we can do for the freedom of man .
Read full text of speech here .
Listen to the speech .
7. Ronald Reagan , " Address to the Nation on the Challenger " January 28 , 1986 ; Washington , D.C .
On January 28 , 1986 , millions of Americans , many of them schoolchildren watching from their classroom desks , tuned in to see 7 Americans , including Christa McAuliffe , a 37 year old schoolteacher and the first ever " civilian astronaut , " lift off in the space shuttle Challenger .
Just 73 seconds later , the shuttle was consumed in a fireball .
All seven aboard perished .
These were the first deaths of American astronauts while in flight , and the nation was shocked and heartbroken by the tragedy .
Just a few hours after the disaster , President Ronald Reagan took to the radio and airwaves , honoring these " pioneers " and offering comfort and assurance to a rattled people .
Worthy Excerpt :
We 've grown used to wonders in this century .
It 's hard to dazzle us .
But for 25 years the United States space program has been doing just that .
We 've grown used to the idea of space , and perhaps we forget that we 've only just begun .
We 're still pioneers .
They , the members of the Challenger crew , were pioneers .
And I want to say something to the school children of America who were watching the live coverage of the shuttle 's takeoff .
I know it is hard to understand , but sometimes painful things like this happen .
It 's all part of the process of exploration and discovery .
It 's all part of taking a chance and expanding man 's horizons .
The future does n't belong to the fainthearted ; it belongs to the brave .
The Challenger crew was pulling us into the future , and we 'll continue to follow them ......
The crew of the space shuttle Challenger honoured us by the manner in which they lived their lives .
We will never forget them , nor the last time we saw them , this morning , as they prepared for the journey and waved goodbye and ' slipped the surly bonds of earth ' to ' touch the face of God . '
Read full text of speech here .
Listen to the speech .
Check out our podcast with Ronald Regan biographer Bob Sptiz .
8. " Speech of Alexander the Great " 326 B.C. ; Hydaspes River , India In 335 B.C. , Alexander the Great began his campaign to recapture former Greek cities and to expand his empire .
After ten years of undefeated battles , Alexander controlled an empire that included Greece , Egypt , and what had been the massive Persian Empire .
That was n't enough for Xander .
He decided to continue his conquest into India .
But after ten years of fighting and being away from home , his men lacked the will to take part in another battle , especially against an opponent like King Porus and his army .
Alexander used the talent for oration he had developed while studying under Aristotle to infuse his men with the motivation they needed to continue on , to fight and to win .
Worthy Excerpt : I could not have blamed you for being the first to lose heart if I , your commander , had not shared in your exhausting marches and your perilous campaigns ; it would have been natural enough if you had done all the work merely for others to reap the reward .
But it is not so .
You and I , gentlemen , have shared the labour and shared the danger , and the rewards are for us all .
The conquered territory belongs to you ; from your ranks the governors of it are chosen ; already the greater part of its treasure passes into your hands , and when all Asia is overrun , then indeed I will go further than the mere satisfaction of our ambitions : the utmost hopes of riches or power which each one of you cherishes will be far surpassed , and whoever wishes to return home will be allowed to go , either with me or without me .
I will make those who stay the envy of those who return .
Check out the AoM podcast about the life of Alexander the Great .
9. William Wilberforce , " Abolition Speech " May 12 , 1789 ; House of Commons , London When William Wilberforce , a member of the British Parliament , converted to Christianity , he began to earnestly seek to reform the evils he found within himself and the world around him .
One of the glaring moral issues of the day was slavery , and after reading up on the subject and meeting with anti-slavery activists , Wilberforce became convinced that God was calling him to be an abolitionist .
Wilberforce decided to concentrate on ending the slave trade rather than slavery itself , reasoning that the abolition of one would logically lead to the demise of the other .
On May 12 , 1789 , Wilberforce made his first speech on the abolition of the slave trade before the House of Commons .
He passionately made his case for why the trade was reprehensible and needed to cease .
Wilberforce introduced a bill to abolish the trade , but it failed , a result he would become quite familiar with in the ensuing years .
Yet Wilberforce never gave up , reintroducing the bill year after year , and the Slave Trade Act was finally passed in 1807 .
Worthy Excerpt :
When I consider the magnitude of the subject which I am to bring before the House - a subject , in which the interests , not of this country , nor of Europe alone , but of the whole world , and of posterity , are involved : and when I think , at the same time , on the weakness of the advocate who has undertaken this great cause - when these reflections press upon my mind , it is impossible for me not to feel both terrified and concerned at my own inadequacy to such a task .
But when I reflect , however , on the encouragement which I have had , through the whole course of a long and laborious examination of this question , and how much candour I have experienced , and how conviction has increased within my own mind , in proportion as I have advanced in my labours ; - when I reflect , especially , that however averse any gentleman may now be , yet we shall all be of one opinion in the end ; - when I turn myself to these thoughts , I take courage - I determine to forget all my other fears , and I march forward with a firmer step in the full assurance that my cause will bear me out , and that I shall be able to justify upon the clearest principles , every resolution in my hand , the avowed end of which is , the total abolition of the slave trade .
Read full text of speech here .
10 . Theodore Roosevelt , " The Man with the Muck - rake " April 14 , 1906 ; Washington , D.C. Theodore Roosevelt was president during the Progressive Era , a time of great enthusiasm for reform in government , the economy , and society .
TR himself held many progressive ideals , but he also called for moderation , not extremism .
The " Man with a Muck - rake " in Pilgrim 's Progress never looked heavenward but instead constantly raked the filth at his feet .
TR thus dubbed the journalists and activists of the day who were intent on exposing the corruption in society as " muckrakers . "
He felt that they did a tremendous amount of good , but needed to mitigate their constant pessimism and alarmist tone .
He worried that the sensationalism with which these exposes were often presented would make citizens overly cynical and too prone to throw out the baby with the bathwater .
Worthy Excerpt :
To assail the great and admitted evils of our political and industrial life with such crude and sweeping generalizations as to include decent men in the general condemnation means the searing of the public conscience .
There results a general attitude either of cynical belief in and indifference to public corruption or else of a distrustful inability to discriminate between the good and the bad .
Either attitude is fraught with untold damage to the country as a whole .
The fool who has not sense to discriminate between what is good and what is bad is well - nigh as dangerous as the man who does discriminate and yet chooses the bad .
There is nothing more distressing to every good patriot , to every good American , than the hard , scoffing spirit which treats the allegation of dishonesty in a public man as a cause for laughter .
Such laughter is worse than the crackling of thorns under a pot , for it denotes not merely the vacant mind , but the heart in which high emotions have been choked before they could grow to fruition .
Read full text of speech here .
11 . Franklin Delano Roosevelt , " First Inaugural Address " March 4 , 1933 ; Washington , D.C .
Franklin Delano Roosevelt handily beat incumbent Herbert Hoover in the 1932 presidential election .
The country was deep into the Great Depression , and the public felt that Hoover did not fully sympathize with their plight and was not doing enough to alleviate it .
No one was quite clear on what FDR 's plan was , but as in today 's election season , " change " was enough of an idea to power a campaign .
In his First Inaugural Address , Roosevelt sought to buoy up the injured psyche of the American people and present his case for why he would need broad executive powers to tackle the Depression .
Worthy Excerpt : I am certain that my fellow Americans expect that on my induction into the Presidency I will address them with a candor and a decision which the present situation of our Nation impels .
This is preeminently the time to speak the truth , the whole truth , frankly and boldly .
Nor need we shrink from honestly facing conditions in our country today .
This great Nation will endure as it has endured , will revive and will prosper .
So , first of all , let me assert my firm belief that the only thing we have to fear is fear itself - nameless , unreasoning , unjustified terror which paralyzes needed efforts to convert retreat into advance .
In every dark hour of our national life a leadership of frankness and vigor has met with that understanding and support of the people themselves which is essential to victory .
I am convinced that you will again give that support to leadership in these critical days .
Read the full text here .
Listen to the speech .
12 . Charles de Gaulle , " The Appeal of 18 June " June 18 , 1940 ; London
In June of 1940 , it was clear that France was losing their country to the German invasion .
Refusing to sign an armistice , Prime Minister Paul Reynaud was forced to resign .
He was succeeded by Marshal Philippe Petain who made clear his intention to seek an accommodation with Germany .
Disgusted with this decision , General Charles de Gaulle , leader of the Free French Forces , escaped to England on June 15 .
De Gaulle asked for , and obtained permission from Winston Churchill to make a speech on BBC radio .
De Gaulle exhorted the French to not give up hope and to continue the fight against the German occupation and the Vichy Regime .
Worthy Excerpt :
But has the last word been said ?
Must hope disappear ?
Is defeat final ?
No !
Believe me , I who am speaking to you with full knowledge of the facts , and who tell you that nothing is lost for France .
The same means that overcame us can bring us victory one day .
For France is not alone !
She is not alone !
She is not alone !
She has a vast Empire behind her .
She can align with the British Empire that holds the sea and continues the fight .
She can , like England , use without limit the immense industry of the United States .
This war is not limited to the unfortunate territory of our country .
This war is not over as a result of the Battle of France .
This war is a worldwide war .
All the mistakes , all the delays , all the suffering , do not alter the fact that there are , in the world , all the means necessary to crush our enemies one day .
Vanquished today by mechanical force , in the future we will be able to overcome by a superior mechanical force .
The fate of the world depends on it .
Read full text of speech here .
13 . Socrates , " Apology " 399 B.C. ; Athens Socrates is perhaps the greatest teacher in the history of the Western world .
He wandered around Athens engaging in dialogues with his fellow citizens that focused on discovering the truth of all things .
He taught his pupils that the " unexamined life is not worth living . "
The Athenians saw Socrates as a threat , especially to the Athenian youth .
Socrates acquired quite a following among the young men of Athens .
He taught these impressionable minds to question everything , even Athenian authority .
Eventually , Socrates was arrested and put on trial for corrupting the youth , not believing the gods , and creating new deities .
The " Apology " is Socrates ' defense to these charges .
Instead of crying and pleading for mercy , Socrates accepts his charges and attempts to persuade the jury with reason .
He argued that it was his calling from the gods to seek knowledge and that it was through his questions he uncovered truth .
To not fulfill his calling would be blasphemy .
In the end , Socrates lost and was sentenced to death by hemlock .
Socrates accepted this fate willingly and without grudge against his condemners , thus dying as a martyr for free thinking .
Worthy Excerpt : Some one will say : Yes , Socrates , but cannot you hold your tongue , and then you may go into a foreign city , and no one will interfere with you ?
Now I have great difficulty in making you understand my answer to this .
For if I tell you that to do as you say would be a disobedience to the God , and therefore that I cannot hold my tongue , you will not believe that I am serious ; and if I say again that daily to discourse about virtue , and of those other things about which you hear me examining myself and others , is the greatest good of man , and that the unexamined life is not worth living , you are still less likely to believe me .
Check out our article on the philosophy of Plato .
14 . George Washington , " Resignation Speech " December 23 , 1784 ; Annapolis , Maryland
As the Revolutionary War drew to a close , there was much speculation that George Washington , then Major General and Commander - in - Chief , would follow in the footsteps of former world leaders by making a grab for supreme power .
Some even wished he would do so , hoping he would become the king of a new nation .
Yet Washington knew that such a move would wither the fragile beginnings of the new republic .
Looking to the Roman general Cincinnatus an exemplar , Washington rejected the temptations of power and resigned his position as Commander - in - Chief .
Choosing the right is almost never easy , and as Washington read his speech in front of the Continental Congress , the great statesman trembled so much that he had to hold the parchment with two hands to keep it steady .
" The spectators all wept , and there was hardly a member of Congress who did not drop tears .
His voice faltered and sunk , and the whole house felt his agitations . "
When finished , Washington bolted from the door of the Annapolis State House , mounted his horse , and galloped away into the sunset .
Worthy Excerpt :
While I repeat my obligations to the Army in general , I should do injustice to my own feelings not to acknowledge in this place the peculiar Services and distinguished merits of the Gentlemen who have been attached to my person during the War .
It was impossible the choice of confidential Officers to compose my family should have been more fortunate .
Permit me Sir , to recommend in particular those , who have continued in Service to the present moment , as worthy of the favorable notice and patronage of Congress .
I consider it an indispensable duty to close this last solemn act of my Official life , by commending the Interests of our dearest Country to the protection of Almighty God , and those who have the superintendence of them , to his holy keeping .
Having now finished the work assigned me , I retire from the great theater of Action ; and bidding an Affectionate farewell to this August body under whose orders I have so long acted , I here offer my Commission , and take my leave of all the employments of public life .
Read the full text here .
Check out my podcast about the self - education of George Washington .
15 . Mahatma Gandhi , " Quit India " August 8 , 1942 ; India
While the battle for freedom and democracy raged across the world , the people of India were engaged in their own fight for liberty .
For almost a century , India had been under the direct rule of the British crown , and many Indians had had enough .
Mahatma Gandhi and the National Indian Congress pushed for a completely non-violent movement aimed at forcing Britain to " Quit India . "
Gandhi , pioneer of the tactics of non-violent civil disobedience , called for their use on August 8 , 1942 with the passing of the Quit India Resolution demanding complete independence from British rule .
Worthy Excerpt : I believe that in the history of the world , there has not been a more genuinely democratic struggle for freedom than ours .
I read Carlyle 's French Resolution while I was in prison , and Pandit Jawaharlal has told me something about the Russian revolution .
But it is my conviction that inasmuch as these struggles were fought with the weapon of violence they failed to realize the democratic ideal .
In the democracy which I have envisaged , a democracy established by non-violence , there will be equal freedom for all .
Everybody will be his own master .
It is to join a struggle for such democracy that I invite you today .
Once you realize this you will forget the differences between the Hindus and Muslims , and think of yourselves as Indians only , engaged in the common struggle for independence .
Read full text of speech here .
16 . Winston Churchill , " Their Finest Hour " June 18 , 1940 ; House of Commons , London
On May 10 , 1940 , the Germans began their invasion of France .
On June 14 Paris fell .
In a matter of days , France would surrender and England would stand as Europe 's lone bulwark against the twin evils of Fascism and Nazism .
At this critical moment , Churchill gave his third and final speech during the Battle of France , once again imparting words meant to bring hope in this dark hour .
Worthy Excerpt : What General Weygand called the Battle of France is over .
I expect that the Battle of Britain is about to begin .
Upon this battle depends the survival of Christian civilization .
Upon it depends our own British life , and the long continuity of our institutions and our Empire .
The whole fury and might of the enemy must very soon be turned on us .
Hitler knows that he will have to break us in this Island or lose the war .
If we can stand up to him , all Europe may be free and the life of the world may move forward into broad , sunlit uplands .
But if we fail , then the whole world , including the United States , including all that we have known and cared for , will sink into the abyss of a new Dark Age made more sinister , and perhaps more protracted , by the lights of perverted science .
Let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties , and so bear ourselves that if the British Empire and its Commonwealth last for a thousand years , men will still say , ' This was their finest hour . '
Read full text of speech here .
Listen to the speech .
Check out my podcast about how Churchill led during the Blitz .
17 . William Faulkner , " Nobel Prize Acceptance Speech " December 10 , 1950 ; Stockholm , Sweden
A true master of the written word , William Faulkner did not often make public his gift for the spoken variety .
So there was some interest as to what he would say when accepting the Nobel Peace Prize for his " powerful and artistically unique contribution to the modern American novel . "
The year was 1950 , the Soviet Union had tapped the potential of the atomic bomb , and the atmosphere in the the United States crackled with the fear of them using it .
Faulkner challenged poets , authors , and all mankind to think beyond the questions of " When will I be blown up ? " and instead continue to " create out of the materials of the human spirit something which did not exist before . "
Worthy Excerpt : I decline to accept the end of man .
It is easy enough to say that man is immortal because he will endure : that when the last ding - dong of doom has clanged and faded from the last worthless rock hanging tideless in the last red and dying evening , that even then there will still be one more sound : that of his puny inexhaustible voice , still talking .
I refuse to accept this .
I believe that man will not merely endure : he will prevail .
He is immortal , not because he alone among creatures has an inexhaustible voice , but because he has a soul , a spirit capable of compassion and sacrifice and endurance .
The poet 's , the writer 's , duty is to write about these things .
It is his privilege to help man endure by lifting his heart , by reminding him of the courage and honor and hope and pride and compassion and pity and sacrifice which have been the glory of his past .
The poet 's voice need not merely be the record of man , it can be one of the props , the pillars to help him endure and prevail .
18 . Dwight D. Eisenhower , " Farewell Address " January 17 , 1961 ; Washington , D.C .
The 1950's were a time of ever increasing military spending , as the United States sought to fight communism abroad and prevent it at home .
As President Dwight D. Eisenhower left office , more than half of the federal budget was allocated for defense purposes .
Eisenhower , former General of the Army , was certainly not opposed to the use of military power to keep the peace .
Still , he saw fit to use his " Farewell Address " to warn the nation of the dangers posed by the " military - industrial complex , " referring to the relationship between the armed forces , the government , and the suppliers of war materials .
Eisenhower was wary of the large role defense spending played in the economy , and understood the political and corporate corruption that could result if the public was not vigilant in checking it .
Worthy Excerpt :
In the councils of government , we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence , whether sought or unsought , by the military - industrial complex .
The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists and will persist .
We must never let the weight of this combination endanger our liberties or democratic processes .
We should take nothing for granted .
Only an alert and knowledgeable citizenry can compel the proper meshing of the huge industrial and military machinery of defense with our peaceful methods and goals , so that security and liberty may prosper together .
Read full text of speech here .
Listen to the speech .
19 . Marcus Tullius Cicero , " The First Oration Against Catiline " 63 BC ; Rome
Lucius Sergius Catilina ( Catiline to his friends ) was a very jealous man .
Having once run against Cicero for the position of consul and lost , he became determined to win the next election by any devious method necessary .
Plan A was to bribe people to vote for him , and when that did n't work , he decided to go for bust and simply knock Cicero off on election day .
This plan was ferreted out by the ever vigilant Cicero , the election was postponed , and the Senate established marital law .
When the election finally was held , the murderer - cum - candidate was surprisingly trounced at the polls .
Now it was time for Catiline 's Plan C : raise an army of co-conspirators , create insurrection throughout Italy , overthrow the government , and slice and dice as many Senators as they could get their coo-ky hands on .
But Cicero was again one step ahead and discovered the plan .
He called the Senate together for a meeting at the Temple of Jupiter in the Capitol , an orifice only used in times of great crisis .
Catiline , who seriously did n't know when he was not welcome , decided to crash the party .
With his archenemy in attendance , Cicero began his Catiline Orations , a series of speeches covering how he saved Rome from rebellion , the guilt of Catiline , and the need to whack he and his cronies .
Worthy Excerpt : I wish , O conscript fathers , to be merciful ; I wish not to appear negligent amid such danger to the state ; but I do now accuse myself of remissness and culpable inactivity .
A camp is pitched in Italy , at the entrance of Etruria , in hostility to the republic ; the number of the enemy increases every day ; and yet the general of that camp , the leader of those enemies , we see within the walls - aye , and even in the senate - planning every day some internal injury to the republic .
If , O Catiline , I should now order you to be arrested , to be put to death , I should , I suppose , have to fear lest all good men should say that I had acted tardily , rather than that any one should affirm that I acted cruelly .
But yet this , which ought to have been done long since , I have good reason for not doing as yet ; I will put you to death , then , when there shall be not one person possible to be found so wicked , so abandoned , so like yourself , as not to allow that it has been rightly done .
As long as one person exists who can dare to defend you , you shall live ; but you shall live as you do now , surrounded by my many and trusty guards , so that you shall not be able to stir one finger against the republic ; many eyes and ears shall still observe and watch you , as they have hitherto done , tho you shall not perceive them .
Read full text of speech here .
20 . Ronald Reagan , " Remarks at the Brandenburg Gate " June 12 , 1987 ; Brandenburg Gate , Berlin
Since the end of World War II , Germany had been a divided country , the West free and democratic , the East under authoritarian communist control .
When President Reagan took office , he was committed not only to uniting that country , but to bringing down the entire " Evil Empire . "
While the importance of Reagan 's role in successfully doing so is endlessly debated , it beyond dispute that he exerted some influence in bringing the Cold War to an end .
There is no more memorable and symbolic moment of this influence then when Reagan stood at the Berlin wall , the most visible symbol of the " Iron Curtain , " and challenged Gorbachev to " tear down this wall ! "
Worthy Excerpt :
We welcome change and openness ; for we believe that freedom and security go together , that the advance of human liberty can only strengthen the cause of world peace .
There is one sign the Soviets can make that would be unmistakable , that would advance dramatically the cause of freedom and peace .
General Secretary Gorbachev , if you seek peace , if you seek prosperity for the Soviet Union and eastern Europe , if you seek liberalization , come here to this gate .
Mr. Gorbachev , open this gate .
Mr. Gorbachev , tear down this wall !
Read full text of speech here .
Listen to speech .
21 . Pericles , " Funeral Oration " 431 BC ; Athens Pericles , master statesman , orator , and general , was truly , as Thuciydies dubbed him , " the first citizen of Athens . "
Pericles was a product of the Sophists and had been personally tutored by the great philosopher Anaxagoras .
His study with the Sophists made Pericles a highly persuasive orator .
Through his speeches , he galvanized Athenians to undertake an enormous public works project that created hundreds of temples , including the Pantheon .
Pericles ' gift of oration was put to the test during the epic battles of the Peloponnesian War , a civil war between Athens and Sparta .
His speeches inspired Athenians to fight to become the number one power in Greece .
In February of 431 B.C. , Athens had their annual public funeral to honor all those who died in war .
Pericles was asked to give the traditional funeral oration .
Rather than focus his speech on enumerating the conquests of Athens ' fallen heroes , Pericles instead used his funeral oration to laud the glory of Athens itself and inspire the living to make sure the soldiers had not died in vain .
Over 2,000 years later , Pericles ' funeral oration inspired Abraham Lincoln 's " Gettysburg Address . "
Like Pericles , Lincoln was a leader during a time of civil war .
Like Pericles , Lincoln focused on exhorting the living to live their lives in a way that would make the sacrifice of fallen warriors worthwhile .
Worthy Excerpt :
So died these men as became Athenians .
You , their survivors , must determine to have as unfaltering a resolution in the field , though you may pray that it may have a happier issue .
And not contented with ideas derived only from words of the advantages which are bound up with the defense of your country , though these would furnish a valuable text to a speaker even before an audience so alive to them as the present , you must yourselves realize the power of Athens , and feed your eyes upon her from day to day , till love of her fills your hearts ; and then , when all her greatness shall break upon you , you must reflect that it was by courage , sense of duty , and a keen feeling of honor in action that men were enabled to win all this , and that no personal failure in an enterprise could make them consent to deprive their country of their valor , but they laid it at her feet as the most glorious contribution that they could offer .
Read the full text here .
22 . General Douglas MacArthur , " Farewell Address to Congress " April 19 , 1951 , Washington ; D.C .
During the Korean War , General MacArthur and President Truman clashed over the threat posed by the Chinese People 's Liberation Army and their incursion into Korea .
MacArthur continually pressed Truman for permission to bomb bases in Manchuria , believing the war needed to be extended in area and scope .
Truman refused the General 's requests , arguing that directly drawing China into the war would arouse the Soviet Union to action .
MacArthur continued to press his case , and Truman , accusing the General of insubordination , made the decision to relieve MacArthur of his command .
After serving for 52 years and in three wars , the General 's military career was over .
MacArthur returned to the United States and gave this farewell address to Congress .
Worthy Excerpt : I am closing my 52 years of military service .
When I joined the Army , even before the turn of the century , it was the fulfillment of all of my boyish hopes and dreams .
The world has turned over many times since I took the oath on theplain at West Point , and the hopes and dreams have long since vanished , but I still remember the refrain of one of the most popular barrack ballads of that day which proclaimed most proudly that " old soldiers never die ; they just fade away . "
And like the old soldier of that ballad , I now close my military career and just fade away , an old soldier who tried to do his duty as God gave him the light to see that duty .
Good Bye .
Read full text of speech here .
Listen to the speech .
23 . Theodore Roosevelt , " Strength and Decency " Roosevelt was an advocate of having many children and making sure the next generation would continue to uphold the great virtues of civilization .
He was always concerned that young men not be coddled or cowardly , and grow up to live rugged , strenuous , and thoroughly manly lives .
But he also strongly believed that being ruggedly manly and being refined in mind and spirit were not incompatible and should in fact go hand and hand .
In this speech , he exhorts young men to pursue virtuous manliness .
Amen , brother , amen .
Worthy Excerpt :
It is peculiarly incumbent upon you who have strength to set a right example to others .
I ask you to remember that you cannot retain your self - respect if you are loose and foul of tongue , that a man who is to lead a clean and honorable life must inevitably suffer if his speech likewise is not clean and honorable .
Every man here knows the temptations that beset all of us in this world .
At times any man will slip .
I do not expect perfection , but I do expect genuine and sincere effort toward being decent and cleanly in thought , in word , and in deed .
As I said at the outset , I hail the work of this society as typifying one of those forces which tend to the betterment and uplifting of our social system .
Our whole effort should be toward securing a combination of the strong qualities with those qualities which we term virtues .
I expect you to be strong .
I would not respect you if you were not .
I do not want to see Christianity professed only by weaklings ; I want to see it a moving spirit among men of strength .
I do not expect you to lose one particle of your strength or courage by being decent .
On the contrary , I should hope to see each man who is a member of this society , from his membership in it become all the fitter to do the rough work of the world ; all the fitter to work in time of peace ; and if , which may Heaven forfend , war should come , all the fitter to fight in time of war .
I desire to see in this country the decent men strong and the strong men decent , and until we get that combination in pretty good shape we are not going to be by any means as successful as we should be .
There is always a tendency among very young men and among boys who are not quite young men as yet to think that to be wicked is rather smart ; to think it shows that they are men .
Oh , how often you see some young fellow who boasts that he is going to " see life , " meaning by that that he is going to see that part of life which it is a thousandfold better should remain unseen !
Read full text of speech here .
24 . Abraham Lincoln , " 2nd Inaugural Address " March 4 , 1865 ; Washington , D.C .
The Union 's victory was but a month away as Abraham Lincoln began his second term as president of a bitterly ruptured United States .
Like the Gettysburg Address , Lincoln keeps this speech only as long as needful .
While there are those who still debate whether the Civil War was truly fought over slavery or not , Lincoln certainly believed so .
To him , slavery was a great national sin , and the blood shed during the war was the atoning sacrifice for that evil .
He does not relish the prospect of coming victory ; instead , he appeals to his countrymen to remember that the war was truly fought between brothers .
When the war was over and the Confederacy forced to return to the Union , Lincoln was prepared to treat the South with relative leniency .
He did not believe secession was truly possible , and thus the South had never truly left the Union .
Reconstruction would not mean vengeance , but the return home of a terribly errant son .
Worthy Excerpt : Fondly do we hope , fervently do we pray , that this mighty scourge of war may speedily pass away .
Yet , if God wills that it continue until all the wealth piled by the bondsman 's two hundred and fifty years of unrequited toil shall be sunk , and until every drop of blood drawn with the lash shall be paid by another drawn with the sword , as was said three thousand years ago , so still it must be said " the judgments of the Lord are true and righteous altogether . "
With malice toward none , with charity for all , with firmness in the right as God gives us to see the right , let us strive on to finish the work we are in , to bind up the nation 's wounds , to care for him who shall have borne the battle and for his widow and his orphan , to do all which may achieve and cherish a just and lasting peace among ourselves and with all nations .
Read full text of speech here .
25 . Patrick Henry , " Give Me Liberty or Give Me Death ! " March 23 , 1775 ; Richmond , VA
For a decade , revolutionary sentiments had been brewing in Virginia and Patrick Henry had always been in the thick of it , stirring the pot .
Henry became particularly enflamed by the Stamp Act of 1764 , which prompted him to give his so - called " treason speech , " spurring the Burgesses to pass the Virginia Resolves banning the act .
Tensions between the colonies and the Crown continued to build , and in 1775 , Massachusetts patriots began making preparations for war .
Henry believed that Virginia should follow suit .
At a meeting held in St. John 's Church in Richmond , Henry presented resolutions to make ready Virginia 's defenses .
Seeking to persuade his fellow delegates of the urgency of his message , he gave a rousing and memorable speech , climaxing is that now famous line , " Give me liberty of give me death ! "
Worthy Excerpt :
The battle , sir , is not to the strong alone ; it is to the vigilant , the active , the brave .
Besides , sir , we have no election .
If we were base enough to desire it , it is now too late to retire from the contest .
There is no retreat but in submission and slavery !
Our chains are forged !
Their clanking may be heard on the plains of Boston !
The war is inevitable -- and let it come !
I repeat it , sir , let it come !
It is in vain , sir , to extenuate the matter .
Gentlemen may cry , " Peace ! Peace ! " -- but there is no peace .
The war is actually begun !
The next gale that sweeps from the north will bring to our ears the clash of resounding arms !
Our brethren are already in the field !
Why stand we here idle ?
What is it that gentlemen wish ?
What would they have ?
Is life so dear , or peace so sweet , as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery ?
Forbid it , Almighty God !
I know not what course others may take ; but as for me , give me liberty , or give me death !
Read full text of speech here .
26 . Ronald Reagan , " 40th Anniversary of D - Day " June 6 , 1984 ; Pointe du Hoc , France
What the Army Rangers did on D - Day at Pointe Du Hoc is a tale every man worth his salt should be familiar with .
Pointe du Hoc was a sheer 100 foot cliff located in - between Omaha and Utah beaches .
Perched atop the cliff sat six casemates capable of being manned , armed , and taking out the men on the beaches .
As the Germans fired upon them , the Rangers scaled the cliff using ropes and ladders , found the guns ( which had been moved from the casemates ) and destroyed them .
Without reinforcements for two days , the Rangers alone held their position and fended off German counterattacks .
These skirmishes proved deadly ; only 90 of the original 225 Ranger landing force survived .
On the 40th anniversary of D - Day , President Reagan gave a moving tribute to these men , many of whom were present at the occasion .
Worthy Excerpt :
These are the boys of Pointe du Hoc .
These are the men who took the cliffs .
These are the champions who helped free a continent .
These are the heroes who helped end a war .
Gentlemen , I look at you and I think of the words of Stephen Spender 's poem .
You are men who in your 'lives fought for life ... and left the vivid air signed with your honor '...
Forty summers have passed since the battle that you fought here .
You were young the day you took these cliffs ; some of you were hardly more than boys , with the deepest joys of life before you .
Yet you risked everything here .
Why ?
Why did you do it ?
What impelled you to put aside the instinct for self - preservation and risk your lives to take these cliffs ?
What inspired all the men of the armies that met here ?
We look at you , and somehow we know the answer .
It was faith , and belief ; it was loyalty and love .
The men of Normandy had faith that what they were doing was right , faith that they fought for all humanity , faith that a just God would grant them mercy on this beachhead or on the next .
It was the deep knowledge -- and pray God we have not lost it -- that there is a profound moral difference between the use of force for liberation and the use of force for conquest .
You were here to liberate , not to conquer , and so you and those others did not doubt your cause .
And you were right not to doubt .
Read full text of speech here .
Listen to the speech .
27 . John F. Kennedy , " The Decision to Go to the Moon " May 25 , 1961 ; Houston , TX
On April 12 , 1961 , the Soviets launched the first man into space .
Khrushchev used this triumph as prime evidence of communism 's superiority over decadent capitalism .
Embarrassed , the United States feared it was falling behind the Soviet Union and losing the " space race . "
After consulting with political and NASA officials , Kennedy decided it was time for America to boldly go where no man had gone before by putting a man on the moon .
The feat would not only catapult the nation over the Soviet Union , but also allow man to more fully explore the mysteries of space .
And this mission would be accomplished by the end of the 1960's .
When was the last time a president had the cajones to publicly issue a straightforward , ambitious goal and set a timeline for its success ?
Worthy Excerpt :
There is no strife , no prejudice , no national conflict in outer space as yet .
Its hazards are hostile to us all .
Its conquest deserves the best of all mankind , and its opportunity for peaceful cooperation many never come again .
But why , some say , the moon ?
Why choose this as our goal ?
And they may well ask why climb the highest mountain ?
Why , 35 years ago , fly the Atlantic ?
Why does Rice play Texas ?
We choose to go to the moon .
We choose to go to the moon in this decade and do the other things , not because they are easy , but because they are hard , because that goal will serve to organize and measure the best of our energies and skills , because that challenge is one that we are willing to accept , one we are unwilling to postpone , and one which we intend to win , and the others , too .
Read full text of speech here .
28 . Frederick Douglass , " What to the Slave is the Fourth of July ? " July 5 , 1852 ; Rochester , NY
Frederick Douglass , former slave , abolitionist , and engineer on the underground railroad , was a popular speaker on the anti-slavery circuit .
He traveled thousands of miles each year , giving hundreds of speeches .
Yet the money he earned from lecturing was not enough to become financially comfortable , and he and his family struggled .
Douglass was disillusioned by the repercussions of the Fugitive Slave Act , and his abolitionist leanings grew more strident and bold .
If the citizens of Rochester , New York had expected to be flattered by Douglass when they asked him to speak on the Fourth , they were soon disavowed of that idea .
Douglass took the opportunity to defiantly point out the ripe hypocrisy of a nation celebrating their ideals of freedom and equality while simultaneously mired in the evil of slavery .
While the speech surely made even the most liberal audience members squirm ; nonetheless , the crowed let loose in " universal applause " when Douglass finished .
Worthy Excerpt : I am not included within the pale of this glorious anniversary !
Your high independence only reveals the immeasurable distance between us .
The blessings in which you this day rejoice are not enjoyed in common .
The rich inheritance of justice , liberty , prosperity , and independence bequeathed by your fathers is shared by you , not by me .
The sunlight that brought life and healing to you has brought stripes and death to me .
This Fourth of July is yours , not mine .
Youmay rejoice , I must mourn .
To drag a man in fetters into the grand illuminated temple of liberty , and call upon him to join you in joyous anthems , were inhuman mockery and sacrilegious irony .
Do you mean , citizens , to mock me , by asking me to speak today ?
Read full text of speech here .
Read what books had the biggest influence on Frederick Douglass .
29 . General Douglas MacArthur , " Duty , Honor , Country " May 12 , 1962 ; West Point , New York
General Douglas MacArthur , General of the Army and a man who fought in three wars , knew something of " Duty , Honor , Country . "
In 1962 , MacArthur was in the twilight of his life and came to West Point to accept the Sylvanus Thayer Award and participate in his final cadet roll call .
His address reflects upon and celebrates the brave and courageous men who came before , men he personally led , men who embodied " Duty , Honor , Country . "
There are many great speeches in this list , but I hope you will pause to read the entirety of this one .
Picking an excerpt was quite difficult , as so many of the passages are inspiring .
A must read for all men .
Worthy Excerpt :
You are the leaven which binds together the entire fabric of our national system of defense .
From your ranks come the great captains who hold the nation 's destiny in their hands the moment the war tocsin sounds .
The Long Gray Line has never failed us .
Were you to do so , a million ghosts in olive drab , in brown khaki , in blue and gray , would rise from their white crosses thundering those magic words : Duty , Honor , Country .
This does not mean that you are war mongers .
On the contrary , the soldier , above all other people , prays for peace , for he must suffer and bear the deepest wounds and scars of war .
But always in our ears ring the ominous words of Plato , that wisest of all philosophers : " Only the dead have seen the end of war . "
The shadows are lengthening for me .
The twilight is here .
My days of old have vanished , tone and tint .
They have gone glimmering through the dreams of things that were .
Their memory is one of wondrous beauty , watered by tears , and coaxed and caressed by the smiles of yesterday .
I listen vainly , but with thirsty ears , for the witching melody of faint bugles blowing reveille , of far drums beating the long roll .
In my dreams I hear again the crash of guns , the rattle of musketry , the strange , mournful mutter of the battlefield .
But in the evening of my memory , always I come back to West Point .
Always there echoes and re-echoes : Duty , Honor , Country .
Read full text of speech here .
Listen to the speech .
30 . Theodore Roosevelt , " Citizenship in a Republic " April 23 , 1910 ; Paris , France
At the end of Theodore Roosevelt 's second term in office , he set out to tour Africa and Europe , hoping to allow his successor , President Taft , to step into the enormous shoes TR had left and become his own man .
After a safari in Africa , he traveled throughout Europe .
While in France , he was invited to speak at the historic University of Paris .
Roosevelt used the opportunity to deliver a powerful address on the requirements of citizenship , the characteristics which would keep democracies like France and the United States robust and strong .
This speech is famous for the " man in the arena " quote , but the entire speech is an absolute must read .
Worthy Excerpt :
Let the man of learning , the man of lettered leisure , beware of that queer and cheap temptation to pose to himself and to others as a cynic , as the man who has outgrown emotions and beliefs , the man to whom good and evil are as one .
The poorest way to face life is to face it with a sneer .
There are many men who feel a kind of twister pride in cynicism ; there are many who confine themselves to criticism of the way others do what they themselves dare not even attempt .
There is no more unhealthy being , no man less worthy of respect , than he who either really holds , or feigns to hold , an attitude of sneering disbelief toward all that is great and lofty , whether in achievement or in that noble effort which , even if it fails , comes to second achievement .
A cynical habit of thought and speech , a readiness to criticise work which the critic himself never tries to perform , an intellectual aloofness which will not accept contact with life 's realities - all these are marks , not as the possessor would fain to think , of superiority but of weakness .
They mark the men unfit to bear their part painfully in the stern strife of living , who seek , in the affection of contempt for the achievements of others , to hide from others and from themselves in their own weakness .
The rÃ´le is easy ; there is none easier , save only the rÃ´le of the man who sneers alike at both criticism and performance .
It is not the critic who counts ; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles , or where the doer of deeds could have done them better .
The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena , whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood ; who strives valiantly ; who errs , who comes short again and again , because there is no effort without error and shortcoming ; but who does actually strive to do the deeds ; who knows great enthusiasms , the great devotions ; who spends himself in a worthy cause ; who at the best knows in the end the triumph of high achievement , and who at the worst , if he fails , at least fails while daring greatly , so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat .
Read full text of speech here .
31 . Winston Churchill , " Blood , Sweat , and Tears " May 13 , 1940 ; House of Commons , London
Winston Churchill 's first speech to the House of Commons as Britain 's new Prime Minister got off to an auspicious start .
His welcome to that assembly was quite tepid , while outgoing PM Neville Chamberlain was enthusiastically applauded ( the world did not yet know just how disastrous his appeasement policies would prove and did not trust Churchill ) .
But Churchill 's first speech , the first of three powerful oratories he gave during the Battle of France , would prove that England was in more than capable hands .
A seemingly unstoppable Hitler was advancing rapidly across Europe , and Churchill wasted no time in calling his people to arms .
While TR had actually been the first to utter the phrase , " blood , sweat and tears , " it was Churchill 's use of these words that would leave an inedible and inspiring impression upon the world 's mind .
Worthy Excerpt I say to the House as I said to ministers who have joined this government , I have nothing to offer but blood , toil , tears , and sweat .
We have before us an ordeal of the most grievous kind .
We have before us many , many months of struggle and suffering .
You ask , what is our policy ?
I say it is to wage war by land , sea , and air .
War with all our might and with all the strength God has given us , and to wage war against a monstrous tyranny never surpassed in the dark and lamentable catalogue of human crime .
That is our policy .
You ask , what is our aim ?
I can answer in one word .
It is victory .
Victory at all costs - Victory in spite of all terrors - Victory , however long and hard the road may be , for without victory there is no survival .
Read full text of speech here .
Listen to the speech .
32 . Franklin Delano Roosevelt , " Pearl Harbor Address to the Nation " December 8 , 1941 ; Washington , D.C .
The attack on Pearl Harbor , December 7 , 1941 , shocked the United States to its core , outraging a nation that had hoped to stay out of the mounting turmoil in Asia and Europe .
Overnight , the country united in desire to enter the war .
The day after the attacks , FDR addressed the nation in a brief , but electrifying speech , declaring war on Japan and giving assurance that the United States would attain victory .
Be sure to listen to the audio of the speech .
Imagine every American family , rattled and worried , listening around the radio to what their president would say .
They knew their whole world was about to change forever .
Listen to the reaction of Congress as they applaud and cheer FDR 's words .
The emotion is so very real and palatable ; it truly transports you back to that critical moment in time .
Worthy Excerpt : Mr. Vice President , Mr. Speaker , members of the Senate and the House of Representatives : yesterday , December 7 , 1941 - a date which will live in infamy - the United States of America was suddenly and deliberately attacked by naval and air forces of the Empire of Japan .....
But always will our whole nation remember the character of the onslaught against us .
No matter how long it may take us to overcome this premeditated invasion , the American people in their righteous might will win through to absolute victory .
I believe that I interpret the will of the Congress and of the people when I assert that we will not only defend ourselves to the uttermost but will make it very certain that this form of treachery shall never again endanger us .
Hostilities exist .
There is no blinking at the fact that our people , our territory and our interests are in grave danger .
With confidence in our armed forces - with the unbounding determination of our people - we will gain the inevitable triumph - so help us God .
Read the full text here .
Listen to the speech .
33 . Jesus Christ , " The Sermon on the Mount " 33 A.D. ; Jerusalem Whether one believes that Jesus of Nazareth was the Son of God or simply a wise teacher , it is impossible to deny the impact of perhaps the world 's most famous speech : The Sermon on the Mount .
No speech has been more pondered , more influential , or more quoted .
It introduced a prayer now familiar the world over and uttered in trenches , churches , and bedsides around the globe .
It introduced a code of conduct billions of believers have adopted as their lofty , if not not always attainable , goal .
While much of the sermon has roots in Jewish law , the advice given in the Beatitudes represented a dramatic and radical departure from the eye for an eye system of justice known in the ancient world .
The standards of behavior outlined in the sermon have given believers and non-believers alike plenty to contemplate and discuss in the two thousand years since it was given .
Worthy Excerpt : Blessed are the poor in spirit : for theirs is the kingdom of heaven .
Blessed are they that mourn : for they shall be comforted .
Blessed are the meek : for they shall inherit the earth .
Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after
righteousness : for they shall be filled .
Blessed are the merciful : for they shall obtain mercy .
Blessed are the pure in heart : for they shall see God .
Blessed are the peacemakers : for they shall be called the
children of God. Blessed are they which are persecuted for righteousness ' sake :
for theirs is the kingdom of heaven .
See Matthew Chapter 5 - 7 for full text .
34 . Martin Luther King Jr. , " I Have a Dream " August 28 , 1963 ; Washington , D.C .
Martin Luther King Jr.'s " I Have a Dream Speech " is hands down one of the greatest , if not the greatest , pieces of oratory in American history .
King 's charisma , skills in rhetoric , and passion , place him in a league of his own .
A century after slavery ended , a century after African - Americans were promised full equality , black children were being hosed down in the streets , spat upon , bused to separate schools , turned away from restaurants , and denied treatment as full human beings .
In this midst of this egregious track record , Dr. King voiced a clear , compelling message of hope , a dream that things would not always be as they were , and that a new day was coming .
Many people have seen excerpts of the speech , but a surprisingly number of adults my age I have never sat down and watched the speech in its entirety .
I challenge you to do just that .
It is just as electrifying and moving today as it was in 1963 .
Worthy Excerpt : I have a dream that one day down in Alabama , with its vicious racists , with its governor having his lips dripping with the words of interposition and nullification - one day right there in Alabama little black boys and black girls will be able to join hands with little white boys and white girls as sisters and brothers .
I have a dream today .
I have a dream that one day every valley shall be exalted , and every hill and mountain shall be made low , the rough places will be made plain , and the crooked places will be made straight , and the glory of the Lord shall be revealed and all flesh shall see it together .
This is our hope .
This is the faith that I go back to the South with .
With this faith we will be able to hew out of the mountain of despair a stone of hope .
With this faith we will be able to transform the jangling discords of our nation into a beautiful symphony of brotherhood .
With this faith we will be able to work together , to pray together , to struggle together , to go to jail together , to stand up for freedom together , knowing that we will be free one day .
This will be the day , this will be the day when all of God 's children will be able to sing with new meaning " My country 'tis of thee , sweet land of liberty , of thee I sing .
Land where my father 's died , land of the Pilgrim 's pride , from every mountainside , let freedom ring ! "
Read full text of speech here .
Listen to the speech here .
35 . Abraham Lincoln , " The Gettysburg Address " November 19 , 1863 ; Gettysburg , Pennsylvania
272 words .
3 minutes long .
Yet , the Gettysburg Address is unarguably one of the greatest pieces of rhetoric in American history .
Dr. J Rufus Fears ( one of the great modern orators ) argues that the Gettysburg Address , along with the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence , form the three founding documents of American freedom .
And I have to agree .
The Battle of Gettysburg left 8,000 men dead .
The bodies were too numerous to bury properly and many were at first placed in shallow graves .
Weeks after the battle , heads and arms were sticking up through the ground and the smell of rotting flesh was sickening .
Money was raised for a proper reburial , and it was decided that the new cemetery should be dedicated , to sweeten the air of Gettysburg , to solemnize this place of death .
As was traditional , a great orator , in this case , Edward Everett , was asked to give a solemn and grand speech as a memorial to the fallen men .
Lincoln was asked 2 months later , almost as a causal afterthought .
He was to add a few remarks to Everett's , a function much like the man with the ceremonial scissors who cuts the ribbon .
Legends has it that Lincoln 's remarks were the product of pure inspiration , penned on the back of an envelope on the train chugging its way to the soon - to - be hallowed grounds of Gettysburg .
On the day of the dedication , Everett kept the crowd enthralled for a full two hours .
Lincoln got up , gave his speech , and sat down even before the photographer had finished setting up for a picture .
There was a long pause before anyone applauded , and then the applause was scattered and polite .
Not everyone immediately realized the magnificence of Lincoln 's address .
But some did .
In a letter to Lincoln , Everett praised the President for his eloquent and concise speech , saying , " I should be glad if I could flatter myself that I came as near to the central idea of the occasion , in two hours , as you did in two minutes . "
And of course , in time , we have come to fully appreciate the genius and beauty of the words spoken that day .
Dr. Fears argues that Lincoln 's address did more than memorialize the fallen soldiers at Gettysburg ; it accomplished nothing short of transforming the entire meaning of the Civil War .
There were no details of the battle mentioned in the speech , no mentioning of soldier 's names , of Gettysburg itself , of the South nor the Union , states rights nor secession .
Rather , Lincoln meant the speech to be something far larger , a discourse on the experiment testing whether government can maintain the proposition of equality .
At Gettysburg , the Constitution experienced a transformation .
The first birth has been tainted by slavery .
The men , of both North and South , lying in the graves at Gettysburg had made an atoning sacrifice for this great evil .
And the Constitution would be reborn , this time living up to its promises of freedom and equality for all .
The Speech Four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent , a new nation , conceived in liberty , and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal .
Now we are engaged in a great civil war , testing whether that nation , or any nation so conceived and so dedicated , can long endure .
We are met on a great battlefield of that war .
We have come to dedicate a portion of that field , as a final resting place for those who here gave their lives that that nation might live .
It is altogether fitting and proper that we should do this .
But in a larger sense , we cannot dedicate - we cannot consecrate - we cannot hallow - this ground .
The brave men , living and dead , who struggled here , have consecrated it , far above our poor power to add or detract .
The world will little note , nor long remember , what we say here , but it can never forget what they did here .
It is for us the living , rather , to be dedicated here to the unfinished work which they who fought here have thus far so nobly advanced .
It is rather for us to be here dedicated to the great task remaining before us - that from these honored dead we take increased devotion to that cause for which they gave the last full measure of devotion - that we here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain - that this nation , under God , shall have a new birth of freedom - and that government of the people , by the people , for the people , shall not perish from the earth .
Related Articles
Tags : rhetoric
Tim Duy says the Fed is in " something of an untenable position , to say the least " :
This Is Not Good , by Tim Duy : Presidential candidate Barack Obama summed up the Fed ’s dilemma today .
From Bloomberg :
'' The Fed is in a tough situation because it wants to control the inflation being caused by energy while at the same time trying to restore the economy , '' he said .
One tool , two objectives – something has got to give .
The Fed is not blind to their dilemma , and today Fed Vice Chairman Donald Kohn said monetary policy has reached an impasse domestically , and implores emerging market economies to start doing the heavy lifting on inflation fighting .
From the Wall Street Journal :
“ The upward trend in prices of food and energy over the past several years … importantly reflects the pressures posed by rapidly growing demand in developing economies against relatively inelastic global supplies of commodities , ” Kohn told a monetary conference in Frankfurt .
And “ in those countries where strong commodity demands are associated with rapid growth in aggregate demand that outstrips potential supply , actions to contain inflation by restraining aggregate demand would contribute to global price stability , ” he said .
Kohn ’s analysis sounds remarkably close to my own – Dollar bloc nations are effectively tied to Fed policy , and that policy is simply too easy for the those economies .
But not to easy for the US , which puts the Fed in something of an untenable position , to say the least .
Kohn is making an obvious effort to shift the blame for rising commodity prices away from the Fed , because , as is well know , it is never the Fed ’s fault , whatever the problem ( actually , the US Treasury deserves some of the blame , for using the IMF like a club during the Asian Financial Crisis ) .
Kohn ’s is urging the Dollar bloc nations to raise interest rates while the Fed holds steady .
This appears to be at odds with dollar supportive Fedspeak , although I suspect that rhetoric is largely directed at the major currencies .
Still , could the Fed really want a fresh bout of Dollar weakness ?
Indeed , some Asian nations are already selling dollars to support their own currencies , even before Kohn ’s speech .
Interestingly , I suspect this will put the Fed into another inflation bind .
If the Fed is correct and the rise in commodity prices , and specifically oil , is predominately due to global demand , rather than the Dollar ’s decline , then higher rates abroad could help soften the foreign currency prices of commodities .
But it is not inconceivable that a fresh bout of Dollar weakness raises the dollar price of those commodities .
In other words , the US has benefited by the foreign willingness to accumulate Dollar assets ; it allows the US to consume well beyond productive capacities without , until recently , inflationary consequences .
If the rest of the world is implored to tighten policy and weaken the Dollar , then I suspect those positive inflation dynamics will be reversed .
The Fed effectively replaces one inflation concern with another by advocating what amounts to a Dollar drop .
In any event , it is not clear that the Fed can implore enough nations to tighten rates to have a meaningful impact on global growth .
As Brad Setser reminds us , Dollar policy is inconsistent – the US government wants Asian nations to accept a weaker Dollar , but not oil exporters .
And massive reserve growth in China suggests that nation is not interested in accelerating the appreciation of the yuan anytime soon .
Which is something of a good thing given that while Kohn is imploring the rest of the world to tighten policy and effectively let the Dollar go , the odds of a second stimulus package are rising .
Obama again :
Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama said the U.S. will continue dealing with '' short - term pain ' ' from an economic slowdown and the country needs a second round of stimulus checks to spur consumer spending .
'' We know that consumer confidence is at all - time lows .
We have to give people some sense that they could absorb the rising costs in gas , food and medical care , '' Obama said in an interview with Bloomberg Television today in Pittsburgh .
The US needs the rest of the world to buy that debt necessary to support the stimulus .
If not China and the rest of the Dollar bloc nations , then who ?
Is it any wonder that financial markets are in disarray ?
From MarketWatch :
I can't remember the last time Dow futures in freefall the way they 've been today , " said Dale Doelling , chief market technician at Trends In Commodities .
It 's " an absolute boycott by buyers in stocks and the dollar . "
But " the exact opposite happened in the commodity markets .
You name it , oil corn , gold bonds -- everything up , up and away , " he said in emailed comments .
Also providing support for oil Thursday , Algerian Energy Minister Chakib Khelil , who serves as president of OPEC , said oil prices could jump as high as $ 150 to $ 170 dollars a barrel this summer , according to reports .
However , he thinks crude will fall short of $ 200 a barrel .
At a meeting in Paris , Khelil said a further fall of 1 % to 2 % of the dollar vs. the euro could add another $ 8 a barrel to oil prices .
He cited the weakness of the greenback as a major cause of spiking oil prices .
The failure of the FOMC to issue a more hawkish statement weighs on the Dollar and pushes commodities upward , which only adds to the misery in US equities .
But if the Fed hiked rates , financial markets might implode .
This is a no win situation ... which way will the Fed turn ?
The Fed will hold the current policy in place until policymakers becomes sufficiently distressed by the impact of energy price inflation ( September , October , next year ; just not August ) .
Note that market participants are increasingly aware that the Fed ’s default policy for the time being is higher inflation , as evidenced by the rise in 10 year TIPS breakeven levels to 254 bp today .
In theory , the best outcome is to find is a sweet spot that allows global growth outside of the US to decelerate while avoiding a free fall in the Dollar .
In the absence of such equilibrium , the US economy can hobble along only as long as the following three conditions hold :
1. The Federal Reserve can maintain easy monetary policy .
2 . The US government can sustain repeated fiscal stimulus measures .
3 . China and the rest of the dollar bloc continue to be willing to accumulate US assets , primarily the Treasury debt needed for fiscal stimulus .
When these conditions no longer hold – such as the Fed needs to tighten to counter energy inflation , or the demand for US debt drops sharply – then I suspect the US economic environment will shift decisively toward higher inflation or significant recession .
Or both .
Who are we ?
Just a bunch of gamers who got really , really bored .
What are the consequences for breaking these commands ?
Well ... we might start reading books or something .
No , we aim to save gaming from the abyss by pointing out the sins of games like the Elder Scrolls and Half Life series , games made by creators who actually care .
It is in that spirit that we proclaim the commandments that they have broken , so that they may be redeemed .
We are here to condemn Grand Theft Auto IV , and other equally great games , not out of hatred , but out of love .
For it does no good to point out the flaws in bad games as bad games by definition cannot be saved .
7 Thou shalt let us play your game with real - life friends .
Violators :
Grand Theft Auto IV , MotorStorm , Shadowrun , etc .
Quick , tell us what the following games all have in common .
We 'll give you a hint , one thing is that they were all among the top 10 most popular games of 2007 :
Wii Sports
Wii Play
Guitar Hero III
Super Mario Galaxy
Madden NFL 08
Guitar Hero II
Mario Party 8
But what else ?
If you answered , " None of them contain male frontal nudity " then , well , you have n't gotten the 122nd star in Mario Galaxy .
If you said that these games all have multiplayer that 's intended to be played with friends in the same room , you 're right .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Likewise , what 's at the top of sales in 2008 ?
Smash Bros. Brawl .
The advantage that consoles have over , say , PCs , is that you can play from your comfy sofa .
The reason the sofa is considered the pinnacle of furniture technology is because there 's room for other people on it .
Yet , here 's Grand Theft Auto IV , boasting about its robust multiplayer , and if you think " multiplayer " means inviting the gang over to play , get drunk , laugh and high - five each other until the break of dawn , too bad .
You can't do that .
Want to play with friends , they must be kept at arm 's length , faceless at the other end of a broadband connection .
Grand Theft Auto IV multiplayer is a world without hugs .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
They 'll say that GTA IV 's vast open world makes split - screen impossible .
OK , what about MotorStorm ?
It 's a goddamned racing game , and they wo n't let you play a real - life friend on a split screen .
A racing game .
Sorry , you know damned well that technical limitations are n't the reason everyone is dropping split screen .
Every previous generation had it , in times with much less powerful systems and few widescreen TVs .
This system had 4 MB of RAM .
You 're dropping it because four players on a split screen are playing off one $ 60 copy of the game .
Four players playing online need four copies ( $ 240 ) .
And these are the same people who 're baffled about how the Nintendo Wii was able to depants the whole industry with its cheap , underpowered little machine .
Hey , maybe it's because they 're the one company that still seems to realize humans need interaction with other humans .
Real interaction , not trash talking over a headset behind fake names .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
By the way , some of you are scratching your heads about having the obviously single - player Mario Galaxy up there on the list .
Well , it turns out Nintendo included an option so that at any moment , a friend can pick up the second controller and , with the pointer , help the first player collect items and shoot at enemies .
It 's a small thing , but it means a guy can get his girlfriend in on the action and cut off her complaints that his gaming is taking away from his time with her .
Above : women
So when she comes over , do you think he 's going to put on his GTA IV headset , or pop in Mario Galaxy ?
Here 's a hint :
The second choice gets him closer to touching boob .
Latest research into dual - purpose contraceptives and non-hormonal contraception will be presented tomorrow at a major scientific conference in Melbourne .
Laureate Professor John Aitken * from the University of Newcastle and Dr Eva Dimitriadisfrom Prince Henry 's Institute of Medical Research will address the annual scientificconference of the Society for Reproductive Biology ( SRB ) .
Professor Aitken , a world - leader in reproductive biology , will discuss the need to developnovel , safe , effective , dual - purpose contraceptive agents that combine the prevention of pregnancy with protection against sexually transmitted diseases ( STDs ) .
His research has explored the development of a contraceptive agent that immobilises – butdoes not kill – sperm .
The agent also possesses microbicidal activity simultaneously reducing the risk of infection with sexually transmitted diseases , such as Chlamydia .
At the meeting Dr Eva Dimitriadis , Senior Research Officer at Prince Henry 's Institute ( PHI ) , will be presenting a novel approach for new non-hormonal contraceptives for women .
Her work builds upon the need and community interest to widen the choice of available female contraceptive methods and in developing approaches that do not rely upon a woman taking potent hormones each day .
Dr Eva Dimitriadis and her colleagues in the Uterine Biology Group at PHI have identified several " pregnancy blocking " molecules that keep the uterus in a state that prevents pregnancy .
Her findings in mice provide proof of principle of this alternative contraception approach and further development is planned .
Since a fertile woman 's uterus is only receptive to a pregnancy for a few days each month a further potential advantage is that the approach would only need to be timed during this keyperiod .
Source : Research Australia
Last Thursday
I tweeted : “ I strive to maintain an open mind when nontechnical people talk about the ‘ Internet OS ’ or ‘ Web OS ’ .
Sometimes it 's tough . ”
I got some grumbles by email and I think the subject is worth more discussion .
Let me be more specific : Neither the Internet nor the Web is much like an OS .
And even if it were , that ’d be the wrong way to think about what ’s going on right now .
I ’ve had this argument before .
In March of 2007 , Mike Arrington and I shared a stage at a startup event on the Sun campus , and talked about “ Web 2.0 ” .
Mike talked about a Web Operating System , I talked about people and information and business .
Dan Farber reported ably .
I do n’t think either of us convinced each other .
I : It ’s About People Not Technology · The “ Web OS ” meme is harmful because it ’s about technology .
But the Internet ’s killer app is people , has always been , will always be .
Every single step forward has involved finding new routes and patterns and tools for people to use interacting with other people .
No exceptions .
At the level of experience , Web 2.0 is about voices being heard .
It used to be that there was a sanctified high priesthood that was licensed to publish : Journalists , novelists , and academics .
Everyone else was an outsider , relegated to Letters - to - the - Editor or Speakers ’ corner .
Nothing can possibly be more important than the experience of tens of millions of people , formerly outsiders , given a voice and an audience and a chance to join the global conversation .
This has been technically possible since there was an Internet .
The crucial change was when Dave Winer and a few others proved that personal micro-publishing was fulfilling and self - supporting , by doing it .
Granted , a majority of people do n’t publish — but if the world is even remotely like the population here at Sun , the knowledge that you ’re empowered to do so is an attitude - changer .
Also granted , a majority of people who do publish do n’t find big audiences .
But that does n’t matter ; as Mena Trott was among the first to point out , “ Publishing to fifteen people is perfectly OK if they ’re the right fifteen people ” .
II : It ’s About Information Not Technology ·
Or to use another label , the Long Tail .
We ’re in a world where we expect a significant amount of the information and inspiration and creativity and criticism and collaboration and stories and pictures and music and movies to come from the many at the edge , not just the few at the center .
Yes , there will always be a loud - voiced few at the center , but they ’re no longer alone .
The traffic patterns have changed forever and they ’re not changing back .
Language and its flows are arguably one of the defining characteristics of Homo sapiens .
The impact of all this information redirection on who we are and what we do is central .
To focus on the technology is to miss the important point .
III : It ’s About Business Not Technology · Lots of modern business is all about pumping information .
The classic example would be finance ; banks are giant information pumps with cash machines at the edges .
Organizations ( business , governments , clubs , political parties , religions ) who figure out how to surf the new information flow will succeed and prosper ; those who push back will be swept away .
And it wo n’t have anything to do with whether anything ’s like an OS or not .
IV : Nobody Uses the OS Anyhow · Suppose the Net or Web were OS - like .
So what ?
Nobody programs to one of those any more .
I bet if I asked a survey of 100 high - level professional developers what was the last time they actually coded a Unix or Linux or Win32 system call , I ’d get a blank stare .
Everybody I know is , as a matter of principle , working in a higher - level programming environment that goes to great lengths to abstract away the OS : Java , Ruby , Apache - project C with APR , you name it .
V : It ’s Platforms That Matter ·
When it comes to technology , what really matters is the platform you use to build with .
Looking at your site from the outside , it ’s not obvious to a non-expert ( and perhaps not to an expert either ) whether you built it with PHP or Rails or Django or JSF or ASP .
NET .
But the choice of platform that you build with is incredibly important ; in fact , most of the interesting new software innovations in the recent years have been in platform technology that let you build something good in less time with less pain that ’s more maintainable .
The experience of building something with Rails is wildly different from that of a Java EE wrangler , which is wildly different still from that of someone in Microsoft - land .
A common “ Web OS ” ?
Do n’t see one .
In another sense , it ’s reasonable to consider the Web as a platform ; as Dave Winer memorably said “ The platform that does n’t have a vendor . ”
From the business and end -user and administrator point - of - view , this kind of works ; but not from the seats where the people who build the apps sit .
In still another sense , it ’s sane to refer to the browser as a platform ; it ’s certainly where a lot of code gets built .
But it ’s no more an OS than Gtk or WPF or Aqua is .
It ’s closest to the user but it ’s a small piece of the big system .
The closest you ’ll ever get to the essence of the Web - itself - as - platform is in working closely with HTTP and URIs , for example in implementing the Atompub protocol .
But most developers working with Atompub will just use a handy library that fits into their Ruby or Java or C# ambiance , hardly even noticing .
VI : And Anyhow , It ’s Not Like an OS · The OS is the software that sits between you and the hardware .
In practice , it offers a set of brutally stupid and complex services for managing storage and networking and the lowest level of user interaction .
It ’s difficult and unpleasant to use .
I ’ve used several and even contributed in a small way to one or two .
Neither the Internet nor the Web are anything like one in any important way .
Thank goodness .
Cardboard bike unveiled Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
What could be the ultimate in green transport has gone on display in Sheffield after being dreamt up by a student .
MOST POPULAR VIDEO / AUDIO Editor 's Choice Improvements to the BBC News Website
Infowars
July 26 , 2008
The following cameras were taken : a JVC HDD GZ - MG155 ( $ 700 ) , a Sony Handycam DCR - HC28 ( $ 300 ) , and a JVC HDD GZ - HD3 ( $ 850 ) .
On July 26 , We Are Change members Sabrina Rivera and Luke Rudkowski reported the theft of three video cameras from a car in New York .
“ The only missing property inside the car was three WeAreCHANGE cameras with important video footage , ” writes Rudkowski on the We Are Change website .
“ It is important to note that I myself was receiving harassing phone calls for the past 24 hours prior to the robbery . ”
The incident occurred following a We Are Change meeting .
“ Along with extended batteries and charges the totally amount of equipment stolen was around $ 2,000 dollars not including the damages to the car and important video footage yet to be publicly released , ” Rudkowski adds .
“ The same situation occurred couple weeks ago to our WeAreCHANGE UK chapter when there video cameras , hard drives and original tapes and copies of Elephant In The Room were stolen . ”
The Elephant in the Room is an award - winning documentary examining the impact of 9/11 on British and American culture .
Luke Rudkowski believes the incident is related to a public We Are Change meeting held prior to the theft .
“ The police have notified us that the person who committed the crime must have watched all of our moves before breaking into the car and stealing the cameras , ” he writes .
Since the release of Alex Jones ’ 9/11 Chronicles ; Truth Rising and The Elephant in the Room in the United Kingdom , harassment of 9/11 truth activists has increased , culminating in threats issued by the Secret Service against Anthony Jasa of Minnesota We Are Change and GCN radio network owner Ted Anderson earlier this week ( see SS Dispatched to Intimidate GCN , MN We Are Change ) .
Other incidents include the assault of We Are Change activists by police in Louisville , Kentucky , provocateur attacks in New York , Change members arrested for handing out DVDs in Colorado , the arrest of Matt Lepacek for questioning a Giuliani adviser , the arrest and false of charge of assault against Gary Talis for allegedly attacking a girl in a wheelchair at a Laura Bush event , Secret Service harassment of Change activists in Georgia ( developing ) , and other incidents .
If anyone has any information about the theft please contact [ email protected ] immediately .
Addendum : Luke Rudkowski indicates that the cameras and videotapes were the primary target of the theft because a $ 4,000 Macbook Pro and a $ 300 GPS device were also in the car and not stolen .
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
" I have sworn upon the altar of God , eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man . "
" I have never been able to conceive how any rational being could propose happiness to himself from the exercise of power over others . "
" The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants .
It is its natural manure . " -- Thomas Jefferson
In August 1980 Ronald Reagan kickstarted his first run for the White House with a speech at the annual fair of Philadelphia , a small town in Mississippi .
It was an odd choice of location for such a high - profile event , just days after he had accepted his party 's nomination as presidential candidate .
A community of a few thousand people , Philadelphia is well off the beaten track .
But as he spoke in front of an enthusiastic and all - white crowd , his purpose became clearer .
He famously posed on stage in a rocking chair , Nancy on his knee , her shoes caked in Mississippi mud .
Then he started addressing the crowd .
He was in favour of states ' rights , he said , earning a lusty cheer .
That sounds innocent enough as a political statement , but made in the deep south it had resonance .
It was a euphemism , widely recognised at that time , for support of southern racial segregation and opposition to the meddling anti-racism of the federal government .
It would have been a controversial statement anywhere in the south .
But to make it in Philadelphia 's fairground was more than that .
A little more than a mile away from where Reagan spoke was the mound of earth where 16 years previously three young civil rights activists had been found buried , each one with a single shot through the heart .
The men had been investigating an African - American church that had been burned to the ground by the Ku Klux Klan .
Their murders , later immortalised in the Hollywood film Mississippi Burning , provoked nationwide revulsion and helped to secure the passage of Lyndon Johnson 's civil rights act and with it the dismantling of southern segregation .
Given the location , Reagan 's clarion call for states ' rights was a bold and deeply cynical move .
As the liberal commentator Paul Krugman has put it : " Everyone got the message . "
And the message stuck .
It helped convert southern whites , the so - called Dixiecrats who had backed the Democratic party for decades , to defect to Reagan 's cause , securing him victory in 1980 and completing the Republican stranglehold on the south that remains firm to this day .
Mississippi has voted Republican in every presidential election since Reagan entered the White House .
In 2004 , John Kerry carried not a single southern state .
But now something is in the air .
In March the unthinkable came to Philadelphia , in the form of a politician who has dubbed himself " a black man with a funny name " and who won the Democratic primary in Mississippi by a landslide : Barack Obama .
His victory in this quintessential corner of the deep south has brought back to the surface questions of race and allegiance that have to some degree been suppressed or reconciled over the years .
For the 40 % of the town 's 7,000 residents who are black , it is evidence that change - so long in coming - is on its way .
But it has put the white leadership of the local Republican party , as one party member told me , into a tailspin .
" The combination of Obama 's liberal record , his middle name , Hussein , and his blackness - those three things are enough to put an elderly southern conservative into a state of shock . "
Tonight , on the 45th anniversary of Martin Luther King 's famous " I have a dream " speech in front of the Lincoln Memorial , Obama will present America with his own dream speech .
But as he does so , the racial divisions that he hopes to transcend remain unclear .
How much has the country moved on from the dark days of segregation ?
Are towns like Philadelphia now free of their past ?
Despite the ugly symbolism of the town 's history , today it looks outwardly transformed .
The Confederate flag still flies in the central square as part of the Mississippi banner , but those other hallmarks of segregation - the separate drinking fountains , hospital waiting rooms , " coloured " sections at the back of the bus - are , of course , long gone .
The schools are technically , if not practically , integrated ; black businesses have opened up in the central square ; even the local country club opened its doors to black members five years ago .
Stan Dearman has observed the gradual sea-change with a semi- outsider 's eye .
He moved to the town in 1966 , about 18 months after the murders , to take up editorship of the local paper , the Neshoba Democrat .
" I was hoping that most of the turmoil in this community was behind us , but it was just starting .
It was like a cancer in the whole community .
It would n't go away no matter how much people wanted it to . "
But over time , he 's noticed the prevailing mood of the town grow less clannish , less insular .
The conviction in January 2005 of Edgar Ray Killen , a local resident , on three counts of manslaughter - the first and only successful prosecution of a perpetrator of the 1964 killings - was a huge step forward in Dearman 's view , though he says six or seven men are still out there " who need to be brought before the bar of justice " .
But it is striking that though Dearman thinks change has come to Mississippi , he does n't think it will translate into an Obama victory , not in Philadelphia , at least .
" There 's still a racial edge .
People still see things in black and white - it 's deeply ingrained .
The mindset is : whites vote Republican , blacks Democrat . "
It is a sign of how the tectonic plates of race in the south are shifting that while Dearman , who is white , is sceptical about the extent of political movement , many of the black residents of Philadelphia are fired up , to use an Obamaism .
James
Young , 53 , was of the generation put through state - enforced integration of schools , and bears the emotional scars to prove it .
He remembers white kids hurling the N - word at him .
He also recalls lying on the floor of his living room , his father with a gun in his hand , when the Klan were , in his words , " on the move " .
For years the black side of the tracks in Philadelphia , where he still lives , had a cloud over it that was part apathy , part despondency .
" If a black man stood for president you would just say , ' No way , no way ' . "
Now , as a pastor in the local black church , he is exhorting the congregation to get out and register to vote .
" The generation that would n't contemplate a black president is passing on , and that 's good for everybody .
If it 's not now , it 's just around the corner .
We will no longer be denied , " he says .
How important is that for African Americans in the south ?
" It 's a feeling you can't put into words .
It 's like we are no longer a subculture .
Finally it 's given us reason to think we are part of the overall scheme of things . "
That newfound optimism is reflected in voting trends in Mississippi .
Until this year , the average turnout for a Democratic primary there would be about 90,000 .
In March it was 500,000 , three - quarters of whom were black .
In 2004 , George Bush took the state with 670,000 votes to his name - suggesting that a huge turnout of black voters in November would give Obama a big bounce in Mississippi , a state with the highest proportion of African - Americans in the US ( 39 % ) .
That would certainly scare the Republican elders even more than they are already .
But , of course , that still leaves the balance of power in the hands of the majority white voters .
As Professor Marty Wiseman of Mississippi State University explains , race is no longer the number one issue for most white voters , but it remains an issue .
" Any Democratic candidate who gets a big turnout of black voters is off to a very good start .
It 's just getting that other 20 % that 's difficult . "
Philadelphia has changed ; its ugly old ways are being shed .
But this is evolution , not revolution , and some of the racial canker remains .
Several people tell me that interracial relationships are no longer taboo .
And then I meet Taneil Long .
She is sitting in her nail salon in the central square , serving a black customer , the smell of varnish heavy in the air .
In 2002 , after she split up with the white father of her two daughters , she started dating a black man .
" I honestly thought this would be different - I mean , we 're not in the 60s any more .
But it really became a big issue for me , " she says .
The first thing she noticed was that her white clientele thinned out , to be replaced by a customer base largely comprising black women .
Then her landlady turned on her , saying there had been complaints in her white neighbourhood about her boyfriend .
" I asked her was there a problem with the fact that he was black .
She told me I had to get out . "
The father of her children recently told the girls he will never allow them to go out with black men .
Long is herself mixed - race - part white , part Vienamese ( her white father served in the Vietnam war ) , giving her a natural affinity to the mixed race Obama .
And yet she is uncertain about him .
" You do n't want a president with no connection to Christianity , " she says .
But he is a Christian , I reply , to her surprise .
" Really ?
I 'd heard he was a Muslim . "
I 'd been warned about this .
Young had told me that in his pastoral work he found the Muslim question frequently popping up .
But even so , it was a shock to find the false rumour , spread maliciously by Republican - leaning websites and gossipmongers , circulating so freely .
It comes up in my chat with Steve Wilkerson , the affable white owner of a clothing shop , Steve 's , on the square .
He has worked hard for the past few years , together with black residents such as Young , to heal Philadelphia 's troubled race relations .
Wilkerson says he has received emails with such titles as " Obama : the real story " , dwelling scurrilously on his supposed Muslim faith .
He says there is much apprehension abroad .
" When you drive through white neighbourhoods I do n't think you 'll see many Obama signs or bumper stickers .
People who vote for him will do it quietly .
They do n't know who he is , what his religion is .
Is he the antichrist ? "
Wilkerson himself is clearly conflicted .
He knows Obama calls himself a Christian and says " that 's good enough for me .
I 'm not a judge . "
But later in our conversation he admits that he too is troubled .
" I 'd like reassurance about who he is , who 's backing him , just to be sure there 's not an underlying current . "
What is his worst fear ?
" That he does turn out to be a Muslim after all . "
And it comes up forcefully when I step in to Wilson 's barber shop .
Wilson is sitting looking slightly forlorn in the empty premises , clippings of hair scattered on the floor around his feet .
" I do n't have anything against a black man as president , " he begins .
" But Obama , he 's not qualified .
When you are president you represent everyone , not just your race .
I 've heard him talk about ' his people ' . "
He goes on : " And what about his religion , he can't just drop his religion . "
What do you mean , I ask .
" He 's a Muslim . "
No , he 's not .
He 's a Christian .
" Well , he should make it clear he stands by Christian values in America .
That he does n't hold those other values . "
But he has made that clear .
" I do n't think he 's done that at all .
He 's just run from it .
He should have nipped it in the bud and made clear he 's a president for everybody . "
But he 's said that .
What else can he do ?
" Just because he 's a Muslim , he should make it clear he does n't believe in suicide bombing and killing . "
The prevalence in my admittedly unscientific survey of downtown Philadelphia of the Obama = Muslim myth helps explain the ongoing furore over race preoccupying the two presidential campaigns .
Obama first sounded the alarm in June , saying he was preparing himself for underhand Republican tactics that would try to spread jitters among voters .
" They 're going to try and make you afraid of me .
He 's young and inexperienced and he 's got a funny name .
And did I mention he 's black ? "
That comment sank without trace , but when Obama repeated last month that the Republicans were trying to play up the fact that " he does n't look like all those other presidents on those dollar bills " , the McCain camp grabbed the ball and ran with it .
A McCain aide accused Obama of playing the race card , from the bottom of the deck .
Despite McCain 's protestations that he is fighting an honest and race - blind campaign , Obama has good reason to be wary about the negative hits that are now coming at him from the rival camp .
He knows all too well that the Swiftboat attacks that floored John Kerry , by calling into question his wartime record in Vietnam , were made by outrider groups that kept themselves scrupulously clean of Bush 's fingerprints .
There has been a creeping drift towards racial innuendo within McCain 's increasingly venomous campaign .
Attack ads run over the summer have shown Obama playing basketball - an overwhelmingly black sport in the US - and placed him in juxtaposition with Britney Spears and Paris Hilton in what some commentators have interpreted as a play on that old taboo on black men associating with sexualised white women .
In one of his earliest ads , McCain referred to himself pointedly as " the American president Americans have been waiting for " .
That is an uncanny echo of the secret advice we now know was given to Hillary Clinton by her former chief strategist , Mark Penn , during the primary contest .
In leaked memos , he urged her to portray Obama as someone whose " roots to basic American values and culture are at best limited " .
The Obama campaign is fighting back against this insidious and underhand play on his race by stressing all this week that his is a " very American story " - neatly turning on its head the message of his assailants .
But that device is in part a recognition on his part that there is a problem .
As the Democratic convention opened in Denver , opinion polls suggested that the clear lead he had held over McCain nationally for several weeks had all but slipped away , creating a palpable anxiety among Democratic supporters .
They know that by August in their respective presidential election years - 1988 and 2004 - Michael Dukakis was 17 points ahead of George Bush Sr and John Kerry was four points ahead of George Bush Jr . And we know what happened to them .
A growing chorus can be heard among pundits and pontificators .
Is Obama 's inability to pull away decisively from McCain , even though everything seems to be going in his favour , something to do with race ?
As John Heilemann , New York magazine 's sharp political observer , has said : " Call me crazy , but is n't it possible , just possible , that Obama 's lead is being inhibited by the fact that he is , you know , black ? "
Certainly , a closer look at the polls uncovers a stubbornly consistent racial divide .
A recent Gallup poll had 91 % of black voters backing Obama - indicating a nationwide trend in tune with Mississippi .
Hispanics were keen on him too , with 68 % .
But non-Hispanic whites showed a clear preference for McCain , at 49 % to Obama 's 39 % .
When you factor in gender , the disparity is yet more glaring .
White women came out evenly divided between the two candidates , but look at the findings for white men : McCain 55 % , Obama 34 % .
That may not matter so much in the south , where white voters have - ever since Reagan 's Philadelphia speech - tended to vote sheeplike for the Republicans anyway .
But it could matter a lot in several northern states such as Ohio , Michigan or Pennsylvania where the contest is likely to be tight and where there is a preponderance of white working - class voters struggling in the economically stricken rust belt .
That 's the thing about many discussions of race in the US - they so easily overlook the north .
The assumption is that the south was where the problem started with slavery and the civil war , while the north has always been a haven of enlightenment .
But it is the north that today hosts the most segregated cities in the US .
The most recent census in 2000 shows that nine out of the 10 most segregated cities are northern , including New York , Chicago , and Cleveland and Cincinnati in the crucial electoral battleground of Ohio .
" The northern system of segregation has never been about symbols of power on the streets - separate water fountains - but about segregated neighbourhoods and workplaces , " says Kevin Boyle , a specialist in race and culture at Ohio State University .
He reminds us that Obama struggled to gain support among white working - class communities in several northern states in the primary fight against Hillary Clinton , where issues of race and class are interwoven .
In Ohio , almost one in five Democratic voters told exit pollsters that race had loomed large in their decision ( Clinton won by 54 % to 44 % ) .
" States like Ohio are so close that just a couple of percent of voters who decide not to vote for him on grounds of race could swing the result , " Boyle says .
To see how the race factor is playing in these areas I fly 800 miles north from Philadelphia , to Livonia in Michigan .
It was listed in the 2000 census as the whitest town in America .
About 95 % of its 100,000 residents are white and less than 1 % black .
The neighbouring town , Detroit , is more than 80 % black - and the region as a whole sits at the top of the nation 's segregation league table .
So how do the residents of America 's whitest town feel about a possible Obama presidency ?
Could they see him winning ?
" I do n't think he has a snowball 's chance , " says Glenn , sitting out on his front porch in one of Livonia 's more affluent areas , reading the local paper .
" Not just because he 's black - though that 's a very good start - but because he has no experience . "
Livonia has acquired a reputation for racial tetchiness over the years .
Plans to build two big shopping malls led to protests from some residents who feared they would attract " Detroiters " - a reference to the residents of Livonia 's predominately black neighbour .
A recent case , successfully prosecuted by federal authorities , fined a Livonia landlord more than $ 700,000 for refusing to rent apartments to black families .
" If blacks come in here , we really do n't have anything available for them , " the landlord told his employees , a clue perhaps to how Livonia has managed to stay so white over the years .
A few doors down from Glenn , Eric is the only black resident in this part of town .
He appears the perfect neighbour .
His lawn is neatly trimmed , the brass on his gas lamp polished to mirror quality .
About the only quibble one might have is that he has allowed his hostas to be nibbled by slugs .
That has n't stopped the grumbling .
A couple of neighbours bluntly refuse to acknowledge him when passing on the street .
One resident asked him if he were running a childcare scheme when some of his children 's cousins stayed over .
Another called the town authorities to complain he had a service vehicle in his drive , when other neighbours had much bigger trucks in theirs .
He shrugs off these vexations : " They do n't hurt me or my family . "
As for Obama 's chances , he says , " Some people wonder what I 'm doing here , let alone a black president of the United States . "
About a mile away from Eric 's home is the blue - collar area of Roseland .
It has the same detached houses and neatly trimmed lawns , except everything is scaled down .
That 's how it is in America : class as defined not by accent or breeding , but by square feet of real estate .
It is in streets such as these that the economic downturn is really biting - rising food and petrol prices , job lay - offs , housing foreclosures .
Jack , watering his plants in the front garden , says the hardship has to some extent led to a feeling of togetherness locally , even with his few black neighbours .
But he goes on to say : " A black president - that 's a tough sell .
Obama could be all right now , but come November people might say , ' Not yet ' . "
And so to my final knock on a door .
It is answered by Margaret , a grandmother who has a big sign in her window saying , " Beware the Dog " , and a Stars and Stripes flying above the lintel .
She grew up in Detroit but moved to Livonia as part of the white flight from the city in the 60s .
She is proud of her Scottish parentage , and of her solid Democratic roots , but she is swift to tell me that Obama is not experienced enough for the White House .
Not experienced enough .
The phrase is starting to sound as widely used in Livonia as Muslim was in Philadelphia .
Then she says : " There 's a lot of people who do n't want a black man in the White House . "
It occurs to me that of all the people I have spoken to - both in Livonia and in Philadelphia , towns separated by 800 miles and a divergent history - it has always been the " other people " who wo n't vote for Obama .
Not a single person has said they personally would balk at a black president .
When she says there are a lot of people who do n't want a black man in 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue , does that include her ?
Pause .
" Not really . "
Does " not really " mean yes or no ?
" I would n't want to see it in my lifetime . "
A black presidency ?
" I would n't like to see it , OK ? "
She gives me a look of cold steel that announces the conversation is over .
Margaret 's rare blast of honesty provides closure of a sort to this journey around race and the presidential campain .
But it would be wrong to leave it on such a note .
At the age of 81 , she is , after all , a product of the past more than an indication of the future .
Despite Obama 's narrow lead , he has crucial advantages over his opponent .
He is hugely more charismatic and inspiring than McCain and he has energised his following in a way that the Republicans can only dream about .
He also benefits from a historically unpopular Bush presidency and a tanking economy .
If an Obama victory is by no means certain , it is a very healthy possibility .
Let 's return to Dearman , former editor of Philadelphia 's local paper , who has lived through some of the country 's most shameful moments , including Ronald Reagan 's fairground speech , to see happier times .
I ask him what he thinks the sight of Obama 's two daughters , Malia and Sasha , playing on the White House lawn , would mean for America .
" It will be a big , big thing , " he says .
" It would say that we , as a country , have arrived .
There 's a need for redemption , there always will be .
An Obama presidency will provide some of that redemption . "
Using the method described in
Using the method described in Recipe File : Soft Boiled Eggs where the water is brought to a boil , pot moved off the heat source , refrigerated large eggs placed into the water , lid replaced , and eggs shocked in ice water after a set duration of time , I tested various amounts of time spent in the just boiling water .
After 2 minutes :
The thin albumen ( egg white closest to the shell ) has turned white and is semi-solid but the thick albumen ( egg white layer nearest to the yolk ) is still clear and liquid .
After 2 minutes :
The thin albumen ( egg white closest to the shell ) has turned white and is semi-solid but the thick albumen ( egg white layer nearest to the yolk ) is still clear and liquid .
After 3 minutes :
The thin albumen has solidified .
The thick albumen is liquid but turning white .}?>
After 3 minutes :
The thin albumen has solidified .
The thick albumen is liquid but turning white .}?>
After 4 minutes :
The thin albumen has fully solidified .
The thick albumen is semi-solid .
After 4 minutes :
The thin albumen has fully solidified .
The thick albumen is semi-solid .
After 5 minutes :
The whites are solid , but when tilted they still flow .
After 5 minutes :
The whites are solid , but when tilted they still flow .
After 6 minutes :
The whites are solid but not stiff ( moves a little when the egg is tilted ) .
The yolk has begun to thicken , but the egg still can't be peeled intact .
After 6 minutes :
The whites are solid but not stiff ( moves a little when the egg is tilted ) .
The yolk has begun to thicken , but the egg still can't be peeled intact .
After 7 minutes :
The whites are solid but not stiff .
The yolk has thickened but flows well .
After 7 minutes :
The whites are solid but not stiff .
The yolk has thickened but flows well .
After 8 minutes :
The whites are solid .
The yolk has thickened and parts are beginning to no longer flow .
After 8 minutes :
The whites are solid .
The yolk has thickened and parts are beginning to no longer flow .
After 9 minutes :
The whites are solid .
Half the yolk has gelled ( solid but still translucent - not yet the opaque yellow of a hard boiled egg ) and half continues to thickly flow .
After 9 minutes :
The whites are solid .
Half the yolk has gelled ( solid but still translucent - not yet the opaque yellow of a hard boiled egg ) and half continues to thickly flow .
} ?> }?>
While preparing soft boiled eggs , I tested a variety of methods ( including cooking the eggs in boiling water as the name suggests , bringing the water up to temperature while the eggs are in the water , holding the water at 150 °F until the eggs are cooked , and steeping in just boiling water ) in pots of different sizes .
After deciding on the steeping method , I reran time tests to determine the best steeping time for a just peelable soft boiled egg .
Here 's the various stages of soft boiled eggs so you can choose the time that gives you the results you prefer .
Citigroup ( C ) is still hemorraging cash , and the pressure is on CEO Vikram Pandit to reduce costs and get his house in order .
So how does Citi plan to offset the tens of billions of dollars in exposure to commercial real estate and mortgage - backed assets ?
Simple , cut down on color copies and use both sides of the page when printing memos and presentations .
NYT has the full memo .
Excerpts below :
From : Office of John Havens
Sent : Friday , August 15 , 2008 4:41 PM
Subject : New Expense Policies and Procedures
Improving our cost structure and creating operating leverage in our business is an important part of our strategy for the Institutional Clients Group .
The same effort and innovation that we apply toward building our business and growing our revenue must also be applied to creating a highly efficient and scalable cost structure .
As you know , we have spent considerable time looking at our headcount and related expense , and while we have made progress in that area , we still have more work to do .
I recognize that the work around headcount has been challenging , and I appreciate all of your efforts .
It is equally important that we ensure that every dollar that we spend on third party goods and services is highly efficient .
I ask each of you to carefully consider every expense that you incur and ensure that it is both necessary and in accordance with our policies .
To that end , I want to let you know about several new and important expense policies and pre-approval procedures which take effect immediately .
These policies and procedures apply to all ICG employees and the functional support areas dedicated to ICG , in all regions .
Managing our expenses is not only a critical aspect of our strategy , it is also an important part of our jobs .
Each of us must do our part to manage our expenses by challenging every dollar we spend to ensure that it is truly necessary and in compliance with our policies .
The Management Committee and I expect everyone ’s full support for this important effort .
Thank you .
-JPH
new purchases of hardware ( e.g. PC ’s , laptops , printers , peripherals , etc. ) , software or any technology services will require pre-approval , and only those purchases that can be demonstrated to be absolutely critical will be approved .
Use market data to carefully review all the services you currently consume and cancel any services which are not absolutely necessary to perform your duties .
Going forward , all new market data services will require pre-approval .
Blackberry Usage -
We will also be conducting a review of our blackberry usage .
In the interim , all new blackberries will require pre-approval .
For any employee who is approved to have blackberry messaging , only one device will be eligible for reimbursement ( i.e. no additional pager ) .
A separate pre-approval will also be required to have the blackberry phone enabled .
For any employee who is approved for reimbursement of a blackberry phone , that phone will be the only device for which reimbursement is permitted , and only necessary business related calls will be reimbursed .
Office Space , Moves and Furniture - Real estate represents a significant share of the expenses of ICG .
Going forward , all requests for new office space , office relocations and / or expansions and lease renewals will require pre-approval .
Additionally , office and workstation moves and furniture purchases will be limited to only those which are truly essential and will also require pre-approval .
Color Copying and Color Printing -
The use of color copying and printing dramatically increases our copying and printing costs .
Color presentations are unnecessary for internal purposes ; therefore going forward color copying and printing should only be used for client presentations .
Also whenever possible , presentations should be printed double sided to reduce unnecessary paper usage .
Over time , we will be removing color copiers and printers from the locations where they are not essential for purposes of preparing client presentations .
Non-Client Travel and Entertainment :
Non- Client Travel -
We previously asked that non-client travel be limited to trips which are truly essential .
However , it seems that we are not consistently adhering to that policy .
Going forward , all non-client travel will require pre-approval .
As an alternative to non-client travel , I encourage you to make use of our audio and video conference capabilities .
Non-Client Offsite Meetings -
We will no longer be holding “ offsite ” meetings for internal purposes .
All internal meetings must be held in one of our conference facilities , in the location that has the greatest number of attendees or via audio or video conference .
Non-Client Corporate Events -
In accordance with our existing policy , employees will not be reimbursed for non-client outings , summer parties or similar events .
As we get closer to the winter holiday season , we will communicate with you regarding specific guidelines for holiday events .
Late Night Car Service and Meals - Each of our locations has specific policies regarding the use and reimbursement of car services and meals for employees who are required to work late .
Here too it appears as though we are not fully following our policies .
Going forward , it is our expectation that we will all strictly adhere to our car service and meal policies and only those expenses which are in compliance with policy will be reimbursed .
Non-Client Entertainment and Meals - Except with respect to employees who are traveling for business , we will no longer reimburse without pre approval any expenses for internal entertainment or meals with colleagues .
Training and Industry Conferences -
The vast majority of training required to perform your job is available to you through our online training resources .
As a result , external training will be limited to only that which is strictly necessary , such as that which is required for regulatory or compliance purposes .
No travel expense should be incurred in connection with any external training .
All external training and / or attendance at an industry conference will also now require pre-approval .
Client Events -
We need to carefully evaluate our spending on client events and ensure that they are good investments of our limited resources .
We will be working with the heads of each business to review all currently scheduled client events , including the list of proposed attendees ( both client and employee ) and total cost of the event ( including any travel and client entertainment contemplated as part of the event ) .
Going forward , all new client events will require pre-approval and any client event with an expected cost of $ 5,000 or more must be arranged through the Global Event Marketing department .
Temporary Employees , Contractors and Systems Consultants -
We currently employ a very substantial temporary workforce .
We will be conducting a detailed review of all of our temporary workforce engagements to understand more efficient ways to fulfill our needs .
In the interim , all new temporary employees , contractors and systems consultants , as well as the replacement or extension of any such staff currently on board beyond the scheduled end of their current assignments will require pre-approval .
Management Consultants -
Our current usage of management consultants is too high .
Management consultants should only be engaged for those limited instances where a specific expertise which does not reside within our organization is absolutely required .
We will be reviewing our existing engagements of management consultants to determine if there are more efficient sources to fill our needs .
Going forward , all new management consulting engagements will require pre-approval .
Recruiting -
The use of external recruiters will now require pre-approval .
I am confident that we can be successful in satisfying the vast majority of our hiring needs through the use of low and no fee sources ( for example job boards , employee referrals , etc. ) .
Professional Memberships - Reimbursement for membership in professional associations is limited to one per employee and only for memberships that are required for the performance of your duties and which have been pre-approved .
Purchasing & Procurement Services - Citi Procurement Services has established specific procedures for the purchase of all of our third party supplies , materials and services .
These procedures must be followed in all cases .
In addition , I remind you that none of us is authorized to contract on our own for any third party goods or services .
All such contracts must be entered into through Citi Procurement Services .
II . New Pre-Approval Procedures :
The written pre-approval of Mark Rufeh , our Chief Administrative Officer , will now be required for all :
Technology Equipment and Services ( Hardware , Software , etc ) .
Market Data Services
Blackberries and Wireless Devices
Office Space , Moves and Furniture
Temporary Employees , Contractors , Systems Consultants
Management Consultants
The written pre-approval of the respective ICG Management Committee Member for your business will be required for all :
Non-Client Travel
Training / Industry Conferences
Professional Memberships
Internal Entertainment
Corporate Events Over $ 2,500 ( or the local equivalent spend )
The approval of Bruce Cohen or Diane Arber , our Senior Human Resources Officers , will be required for all Contingent Searches .
The approval of Hamid Biglari , our Chief Operating Officer , will also be required for all Retained Searches and Corporate Events over $ 10,000 or the local equivalent spend .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
In response to the chronic cyber threat of hackers , MIT Lincoln Laboratory researchers are developing a software tool to identify the most vulnerable points in a computer network .
The tool aims to make it possible for system administrators to focus on parts of a network that are most prone to attack , instead of securing all parts of the network .
U.S. government and defense computer networks are attacked all the time , says Richard Lippmann , leader of the work and a senior staff member in Lincoln 's Information Systems Technology Group .
In an attack known as Titan Rain , between 2003 and 2005 a series of breaches of U.S. government computers may have captured sensitive information about military readiness .
NetSPA ( for Network Security Planning Architecture ) uses information about networks and the individual machines and programs running on them to create a graph that shows how hackers could infiltrate them .
System administrators can examine visualizations of the graph themselves to decide what action to take , but NetSPA also analyzes the graph and offers recommendations about how to quickly fix the most important weaknesses .
NetSPA relies on vulnerability scanners to identify known weaknesses in network - accessible programs that might allow an unauthorized person access to a machine .
But simply being aware of vulnerabilities is not sufficient ; NetSPA also has to analyze complex firewall and router rules to determine which vulnerabilities can actually be reached and exploited by attackers and how attackers can spread through a network by jumping from one vulnerable host to another .
" It 's a matter of what the attacker can get to and in what order , " says Kyle Ingols , a computer scientist in Lippmann 's group who is working on NetSPA , along with Seth Webster ( who is focusing on ways to make the system more automated ) and MIT graduate student Leevar Williams ( whose master 's thesis is on visualizing attack graph data ) .
It takes a long time to patch all hosts in a network .
" If you spend time patching vulnerabilities the attacker can't get to first , " Ingols says , " you 've left your network exposed longer . "
NetSPA aims to solve that problem .
" Instead of patching or fixing or blocking a thousand hosts , " Lippmann explains , " we could say there are 10 critical hosts and patch those first . "
This insight sounds obvious , but applying it to real systems can be a huge challenge .
A network comprised of thousands of computers may have dozens of filtering devices such as firewalls and routers , and each device may have 200 or more different filtering rules .
The multitudinous combinations of possibilities are far too many to track down by hand , and are even very complex for a computer algorithm to compute .
The original version of NetSPA , in fact , could handle networks of only about 17 machines before the modeling complexities made it too slow to be useful .
Since then , however , the Lincoln Laboratory researchers have developed ways to speed NetSPA up .
For instance , firewalls may have rules that treat a number of different machines on the same network in the same way .
Rather than modeling each of those machines individually , the software uses the same model for all of them , saving significant computing time .
The researchers have also developed new types of attack graphs and efficient algorithms to compute these graphs .
NetSPA also has the potential to discover unforeseen avenues of attack .
For example , a network might have had to share data with an outside vendor several years ago , so the system administrator added a rule to allow access from that vendor 's IP address .
Someone forging that address could exploit that long - forgotten permission .
The researchers have received one patent for NetSPA , and have another pending .
They 're currently testing the tool on different networks , and developing ways to make it easier to use .
Already the software has garnered some attention .
In May , a group of MIT students won $ 10,000 in the MIT $ 100K Entrepreneurship Competition for creating a business plan for a proposed company , CyberAnalytix , that could commercialize NetSPA ( Lippmann and Ingols are technical advisers ) .
Provided by MIT
LIE 1.A false statement deliberately presented as being true ; a falsehood .
2.Something meant to deceive or give a wrong impression .
3 . The Primary tool of politics used by Republicans .
GOP convention attracting array of demonstrators
Associated Press
ST . PAUL , Minn . — A 73 - year - old retired surgeon marching in silence with a tombstone picturing a soldier killed in Iraq .
A philosophy professor calling for a new investigation into the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks .
A long - haul trucker from Texas protesting the price of oil .
Those are just a few of the images that demonstrators hope will capture the attention of delegates , journalists and others attending the Republican National Convention .
Tens of thousands — from anarchists and immigrants to advocates for the poor — plan to use the streets outside the Xcel Center as a national podium , transforming downtown St. Paul into a marketplace of ideas .
“ There are some groups that are going to be here just because this is a big stage , ” said Chuck Samuelson , executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union of Minnesota .
“ But I think the majority of groups are here because they really want to demonstrate to the delegates that they want to see some sort of changes in the party platform . ”
Protesters and police expect the opening day of the four - day convention , Sept. 1 - 4 , to be the biggest — with a huge anti-war march from the state Capitol to the Xcel Center and back .
Groups representing labor , immigrants , gays and lesbians , solidarity with Palestine , and many other causes have signed on .
“ The Bush agenda has really angered all different groups , ” said Meredith Aby , a member of the Coalition to March on the RNC and Stop the War .
“ These groups have said , ‘ We ca n’t survive four more years of this . ' ”
President Bush , whose approval rating was just 28 percent in a recent Associated Press - Ipsos poll , is scheduled to speak that night .
The war probably will generate a bigger turnout of demonstrators for the Republicans than the Democrats , who open their convention Aug. 25 in Denver , said Paula O’Loughlin , an associate professor of political science at the University of Minnesota - Morris .
“ It is something that really gets people out in the streets , ” she said .
Democratic conventions have historically attracted more protesters .
That tide shifted in 2004 , O’Loughlin said , when more than 100,000 protesters — likely a record turnout — descended on the streets of Manhattan for the GOP convention .
At the Democrats ’ meeting that year in Boston , the largest protest came the day before it opened when about 2,000 anti-war activists and 1,000 abortion opponents marched separately .
The women and men of the anti-war group CODEPINK plan to join the march in St. Paul , complete with pink “ police ” on in - line skates and the pink - slip girls , who have been known to deliver their “ pink slips ” to politicians whom they believe are n’t doing enough to end the war in Iraq .
The Red Wing chapter of Veterans for Peace is planning a smaller event on Aug. 31 , the day before the convention begins .
The group will walk in silence , to a beating drum , with each person carrying a tombstone picturing a civilian or soldier killed in Iraq .
A group with orange jumpsuits and masks will represent the Guantanamo Bay prisoners .
“ It ’s not directed specifically against the Republicans , that ’s for certain , ” said Red Wing ’s David Harris .
“ It ’s against the warmakers .
But even people marching do n’t necessarily have to see things as broadly as I do . ”
Some of the messages converging in St. Paul are quite focused — and as diverse as the messengers themselves :
_ Tom Burke , a coordinator for Colombia Action Network , said his group will speak out against Plan Colombia , the multibillion - dollar U.S. aid package to help Colombia fight its war on drugs .
His group says the plan is hurting peasants .
_ New York artist Sharon Hayes will gather 100 people from the Gay , Lesbian , Bisexual and Transgender community to read a text that uses metaphor to discuss the ideas of personal and political desire .
_ The Poor People ’s Economic Human Rights Campaign will host a “ March for Our Lives ” on Sept.
2 . Cheri Honkala , the group ’s national organizer , said the group is multiracial , intergenerational , urban and rural .
“ People are just not surviving these economic times , ” she said .
_ Attorney Martha Ballou ’s group , True Blue Minnesota , has rented two giant TV screens to bring “ protest into the 21st century . ”
The large video screens will blare images all day and all night while the convention is in town , Ballou said .
_ The Genocide Intervention Network of Minnesota plans to set up a mock refugee camp to highlight violence in Darfur .
Between 3,000 and 3,500 police officers , sheriffs ’ deputies and state patrol officers are scheduled to work during the convention .
Federal security officials will also be present .
Still , some groups are aiming for chaos .
The RNC Welcoming Committee , on its Web site and e-mails to members , lays out strategies to block roads and use other methods to “ crash the convention . ”
Group members contacted by The Associated Press declined to be interviewed .
Those plans have caused unease among some who plan to demonstrate .
Others say they are energized and angry over the war , phone tapping , tortured prisoners and the poor response to Hurricane Katrina .
“ This is a big deal and a time we want to interject the voice of the people , ” said Joe Callahan , a Minneapolis bus driver and union member .
“ Now it ’s our turn . ”
( Original Article )
Nintendo : Original Wii Design Proposal Complete , Miyamoto Needs New Ideas
" Wii Music completes what Miyamoto wrote in his proposal when he came up with the idea for the Wii , " Iwata told the Wall Street Journal .
" He was saying that he needs to think up more ideas now . "
Miyamoto 's design scheme was presented at this year 's Game Developer 's Conference by Nintendo director Takao Sawano , who unveiled a conceptual diagram created by the designer as part of his proposal for the Wii console .
The diagram showed numerous references to Wii Sports , Wii Fit and Wii Play .
Wii Music was also a part of this early design phase , and was one of the first titles demonstrated on the system , debuting at the 2005 Tokyo Game Show .
Iwata further noted that most of the accessories initially planned for the console — including the Wii Zapper and Wii Wheel — have been released , and the company currently does not have plans to release " a whole lot more . "
Regarding the recently unveiled Wii MotionPlus peripheral , the executive stressed that Nintendo would aim to keep costs low .
" There will be games that will be enhanced by the Wii Motion Plus as well as games that can only be played with it , " he stated .
" Users will need four if they have four controllers , but we 're going to try to offer it for as little as possible .
We have n't announced the price yet , but the cost of making the Wii Motion Plus is not that much , so I think we can make it very affordable .
The government insists that the number of Neets is falling Up to 18 % of 16 and 17 - year - olds are Neets , neither in employment , education or training , a study suggests . *
Official figures say such youths make up 7 % of their age group in England .
An alternative analysis of the figures by the London School of Economics says up to 18 % across the UK could spend most of their time doing nothing .
Children 's Minister Beverley Hughes said : " We are making preparations now for every young person of 16 to 17 to be in education or training . "
' Narrowly focused '
Official figures take into account any work or training by young people over several weeks - no matter how limited .
But the London School of Economics ( LSE ) researchers based their alternative analysis on what teenagers spend most of their time doing - which shows the number of Neets could be as high as 18 % of 16 and 17 - year - olds across the UK .
If these young people do n't have the skills and abilities that their potential employers are going to need , then they are not going to get jobs
CBI
The government has put great effort into reducing Neets after Gordon Brown told 16 and 17 - year - olds that " doing nothing " was not an option .
It says that there are 20,000 fewer Neets in 2008 than in the previous 12 months .
One young person , Helen Steward , told the BBC how she ended up as a Neet .
" Out of my whole year there was about 100 of us , and 30 to 40 , like myself , were not in employment , further education or any kind of training , just not doing anything with their lives , just sitting at home doing nothing , " she said .
Julia Neal of the Association of Teachers and Lecturers said that the curriculum was not giving young people the skills they needed .
" It 's being too narrowly focused on tests and targets , " the spokesperson added .
Richard Wainer , education and skills adviser to the CBI , argued that a significant proportion of younger people 's potential was being wasted .
" If these young people do n't have the skills and abilities that their potential employers are going to need , then they are not going to get jobs and that 's going to lead to real social and economic problems , " they said .
Ms Hughes said that the number of Neets was being reduced " through raising the participation age and through improving the quality the variety and the flexibility of education and training provision through diplomas and apprenticeships that will be available to them " .
* Update 7 August 2008 : The LSE subsequently said such reports were " based on a misreading of the data " .
It said the higher 18 % figure came in part from counting students who were searching for part - time jobs ( so were classified as " job seekers " ) .
But it said students doing Saturday jobs should not be classified as " doing nothing " .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Food cost 7 per cent more in British supermarkets in June than it did in the same month last year , a survey showed yesterday .
The annual rate of food price inflation jumped from 6 per cent in May to 7 per cent last month , as shops passed on the continuing rises in the cost of global commodities , the British Retail Consortium said .
Rapidly rising food costs also led to a sharp increase in shop price inflation , the BRC said .
Prices across the retail sector were up by 2.5 per cent over the year to the end of June .
The year - on - year increase in May was 1.8 per cent .
Mike Watson , of market research group Nielsen , which compiles the BRC figures , said : " In recent weeks , we have seen more cost price inflation in fresh and chilled foods , as well as in some staple ambient categories .
This is adding to the cost of the weekly shopping basket . "
The figures will provide a further headache for the Bank of England Monetary Policy Committee , which announces its monthly decision on interest rates today .
While the MPC would like to cut rates , with the pace of the slowdown in the economy increasing , continuing inflationary concerns prevent it from doing so .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The sharp rise in food price inflation comes at a time when the leading supermarkets are sparring for customers through special offers and short - time price cuts on certain products .
Stephen Robertson , of the BRC , said such deals reflected the desire of shops to protect customers from the worst of soaring global inflation in general foodstuffs .
He said : " They are keeping prices to customers down by cutting costs and increasing sales . "
But consumer groups are sceptical about the extent of price - cutting .
Last month , the price comparison website MySupermarket .co.uk said the cost of a basket of staple food items from Asda had gone up by 26 per cent in the 12 months to 11 June .
Price rises for the same items at Sainsbury and Tesco were also much higher than the BRC 's official figures , at 16.2 and 21.1 per cent respectively .
Shop price inflation has been kept low by falling costs , particularly at electrical , clothing and shoe stores .
However , the BRC found the annual inflation rate for non-food items was 0.2 per cent over the year to June , compared with a fall of 0.4 per cent in May .
The following post was written by Sul’ma ’ejote , aka Dr. Darryl “ Babe ” Wilson , PhD. Sul ’ma ’ejote was born in 1939 in Qatsade ( Fall River Valley ) on the north bank of Sul’ma ’ejote ( Fall River ) , a stone toss from It’ajuma ( Pit River ) in far northern California .
He has written several books , including The Morning the Sun Went Down , about the early times of his life which were not only marked by the tragedy of a native “ family shadowed in and out of civilization ” , but the death of his mother who was killed in a lumber truck - automobile accident .
Sul ’ma ’ejote blogs at Hay ’dutsi’la .
July 19 , 2008 : Fires in Hyampom Still Crackling
Could we flip back through history to a hundred - thousand years before Columbus or ten minutes before landfall , we would find immense forests , some three - hundred feet tall and thirty - five feet around , most of the forests appearing like a manicured Federal Park , clear of underbrush , deaf falls and dry limbs and needles and leaves turning to duff just waiting for a spark .
The forests , like most life on this continent , were not an accident .
That they looked like they were manicured is because they had been forever before the penetration of Europeans .
Forests were full of life and were like a super market for the natives .
Animals , birds , eggs , nuts , excitement and adventure flourished everywhere .
It was a duty for the natives to clean the forests and encourage life to visit there , and it was an honor to “ talk for ” the forests in ceremony and prayer .
Loving earth with a deep respect has always been the “ way ” of mountain and coast indigenous .
During fall season , tribes went into the forests and gathered the dead limbs and debris , the brush and leaves and cones .
They made piles of the dead and drying materials and covered the piles with bark slabs , abundant on an old windfall where much of the debris was piled .
Then they waited for the proper time .
At the proper time they took pitch torches into the forest and set the forest piles on fire .
Why , then , did n’t the fire “ get away ” and burn millions of acres , maybe for months , since there was no fire crew or helicopters or foam and other fire retardants ?
It is because “ the right time ” to burn the forest piles was during first snow .
First snow : the wind is usually calm , forest is damp , humidity perfect .
Today the little town of Hyampom is surrounded by fire and evacuation alerts are constant , as fire rushes with the wind and calmly eats its way up or down the ridge , thriving under duff , and sparks of duff are carried across fire lines that a crew of a hundred men have been all week establishing .
The spark touches tinder and grows quickly to become a threat .
The old timers knew “ first snow ” routine and followed it .
U. S. Forest Service and modern civilization seem to be attracted to forests matted with undergrowth and deadfalls , while spending much money to get control of a fire that should never had the opportunity to start by lightning or by match .
Sul’ma’ejote
Also read :
Wildfire Ecology Part 1 : Almost 4 Weeks Later , 489 California Wildfires Still Burning
Related posts on Native American ecology :
The world ’s oldest recorded joke has been discovered , dating back almost 4,000 years .
And it may come as no surprise that the gag , dating from the ancient Sumerians of 1900 BC , is a fart joke .
The Sumerians , who lived in what is now southern Iraq , had the saying : ‘ Something which has never occurred since time immemorial ; a young woman did not fart in her husband ’s lap . ’
It may not be a side - splitter , but it did head the list of the 10 oldest joke list published by the University of Wolverhampton today .
A 1600 BC hieroglyphic gag about a pharaoh , believed to be King Snofru , comes second : ‘ How do you entertain a bored pharaoh ?
You sail a boatload of young women dressed only in fishing nets down the Nile and urge the pharaoh to go catch a fish . ’
The oldest Anglo - Saxonh joke dates from the 10th Century and is a knob gag : ‘ What hangs at a man ’s thigh and wants to poke the hole that it ’s often poked before ?
Answer : A key . ’
Senior lecturer Dr Paul McDonald , who compiled the report said : ‘ Jokes have varied over the years , with some taking the question and answer format while others are witty proverbs or riddles .
‘ What they all share however , is a willingness to deal with taboos and a degree of rebellion .
Modern puns , Essex girl jokes and toilet humour can all be traced back to the very earliest jokes identified in this research . ’
The study was commissioned by television channel Dave .
Published : 31 Jul 2008
Have you ever been puzzled by a statement like this : “ Rotating a spin - 1 / 2 particle by 360° does not bring it back to the same quantum state , but to the state with the opposite quantum phase ; this is detectable , in principle , with interference experiments .
To return the particle to its exact original state , one needs a 720° rotation . ” ( Wikipedia ) .
Last week I zoomed back to 1820 and introduced Ørsted and his famous experiment , and left you with a promise of going mathematical tomb raiding .
Tomb Raider was first released in 1996 for the Sega Saturn , and other platforms followed .
The lore has it that this was the first mass market video game to be programmed using .
Prior to that , rotations had been represented by Euler Angles or similar .
Imagine you are flying an aeroplane .
You are going in direction A , heading up or down at angle B , and your wings are tilted at angle C. Euler ’s achievement in introducing these to the worlds of mechanics , astronomy , etc. , in the mid-18th century was a landmark in itself .
But they do come with mathematical problems when you are flying and tumbling at the speed of Lara Croft , one of which is that in certain orientations you can get a bad case of gimbal lock .
Step in quaternions : the mathematical tomb raider who brought these to the worlds of video gaming and flight simulation appears to be Ken Shoemake , of the University of Pennsylvania , with a seminal paper in the journal Computer Graphics , 1985 .
But whom exactly did he , so to speak , “ excavate ” ?
In my chemistry undergraduate course ( mid 60s ) I encountered the mysterious “ Hamiltonian ” which was brought in , apparently ex machina , in order to explain atomic and molecular orbitals .
Physics undergraduates will probably first meet it in connection with the Schrödinger wave equation .
It is , however , named after William Rowan Hamilton ( 1805 – 1865 ) who first stated it in On a General Method in Dynamics in 1834 .
Also around that time , he was trying to extend complex numbers , which he saw as ordered pairs of number and which are represented in the 2 - dimensional Argand diagram , to triplets which could be used to represent 3 - dimensional space .
For nine years he struggled with triplets , but could n’t get them to work .
But in 1843 he was walking across Brougham Bridge in Dublin , when it came to him in a flash that an ordered tetrad of numbers would work .
The very same day , he realized that they could be used to represent rotations .
However in this respect , he did n’t get them quite to perform .
It seems natural that , just like in the ( 2 - dimensional ) Argand diagram , i , along with jand k , all being square roots of – 1 , should correspond to a 90° rotation , but they do n’t .
So here we go tomb raiding again , this time to find Benjamin Olinde Rodrigues ( 1795 – 1851 ) , a French socialist banker who also happened to be a very capable mathematician .
In 1840 he published the method of computing the product of two successive rotations in three dimensions .
The trick is , that the formula involves the half - angles , both of the two component rotations and their combined result .
His method and quaternion multiplication map onto each other perfectly .
But he and Hamilton moved in completely different worlds , and they never met .
If we take a globe and turn it half way around any axis we get what is called a binary rotation ; simply repeat this once and we ’re back where we ’re started .
But because of Rodrigues ’s half angle ( which Hamilton missed ! ) in quaternions i , j , or k must represent a binary rotation .
Do this twice , your globe in real space is back where is started but you have multiplied your quaternion by – 1 .
In fact , any quaternion and its negative represent the same rotation ; this can be visualized by saying that rotating 30° clockwise round the north pole is the same as 30° anticlockwise round the south .
Very quaint and Victorian , you might say , but they have exact parallels in the group theory which you must acquire if ever you want to get hold of the Standard Model .
The unit quaternions map mathematically onto the group SU ( 2 ) which pops up frequently in contemporary physics ( not only the standard model ) while SO ( 3 ) describes rotations in our own three - dimensional world .
SU ( 2 ) is said to be the double cover , which means that an element of SU ( 2 ) and its negative both correspond the same element of SO ( 3 ) .
Even in their time , though , quaternions did open up a lot of new fields .
They were the first algebraic objects discovered whose multiplication was not commutative .
The same is true of matrices , introduced by Arthur Cayley in his famous Memoir of 1855 .
James Clerk Maxwell used them in his development of electromagnetic theory , though he did not use them in his exposition for general readership .
“ May one plough with an ox and an ass together ? ” he wrote , explaining why he would not mix them in with more traditional notation .
Also , while the i , j , or k of quaternions do look like a vector ( and were so called by Hamilton ) they do not perform mathematically exactly like the vectors we used today .
After 1891 , when Gibbs ( of the Free Energy ) and Heaviside ( of the atmospheric layer ) modified them to give us vectors as we know them , quaternions disappeared into the museum of Victorian antiquities , only to be dusted off occasionally as a mathematical curiosity .
Two for one again !
This brings us to spinors .
In 1913 the French mathematician Elie Cartan ( 1869 – 1951 ) introduced these , minus the name .
In our real space , we can compute the length of a vector by a three - dimensional version of the Pythagorean theorem .
In a space with three complex dimensions , one does the same , but there arises the possibility that the sum of the three squares is zero !
These are called isotropic vectors .
Cartan showed that these can be represented by paired complex numbers .
If one takes the complex vector and rotates it , by multiplying by e( as one does ) , when θ reaches 2 π or 360° we are back where we started .
But the pair of complex numbers has now changed sign !
This is because , in relation to the vector they were derived from , they are “ square - rooty ” things .
One has to keep on rotatin’ until the vector has gone round 720 °C before the pair assumes it original value .
In 1925 the spinning electron concept was put forward to explain the splitting of spectral lines in a magnetic field ( the Zeeman effect ) , and Wolfgang Pauli quickly seized on these mathematical objects to mathematically describe the phenomenon .
In 1931 Paul Ehrenfest introduced the name spinor to describe them .
But we are reaching a turning point in the relationship between physics and mathematics .
In 1928 Paul Dirac brought special relativity into the equation ( literally ! ) , thereby predicting the positron which was discovered in 1932 .
Thenceforth , in particle physics especially , we have increasingly been living in a world where mathematics drives the experiments , rather than the other way round .
Afterthought :
The second chapter of “ Icons and Symmetries ” by Simon L. Altmann not only tells the quaternion story in detail , but gives us an interesting insight into spinors .
Two of the simple 2 - spinors I have described here can give a tensor product which is an ordinary 3 - dimensional vector .
This suggests to me that such “ spinor space ” might be even more fundamental than that which we experience ( what would Kant have made of that ? )
But I wonder , would an intelligent mantis shrimp , with two independently rotatable eyes capable of analyzing polarized light , be able to visualize such space ?
Jones had been criticized for saying he would n't quickly call the Senate back to Springfield to consider Gov. Rod Blagojevich 's changes to legislation to ban contributors who have or seek contracts worth at least $ 50,000 from giving to statewide officials who dole out the business .
" I plan to call the Senate back into session to deal with the issue of ethics only at the request of my friend , Barack Obama , " said Jones , whom Obama has called his political godfather .
SPRINGFIELD --- A day after getting a phone call from Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama , Senate President Emil Jones decided Thursday to summon senators back to the Capitol next week to tackle a high - profile ethics bill .
The House overrode the governor 's veto last week , but the soon - to - retire Jones said he'd wait until after the Nov. 4 election .
Proponents argued that could kill the reforms , citing a 15 - day clock they argued started ticking after the House vote .
Jones spokeswoman Cindy Davidsmeyer said other issues also are expected to be addressed next week but would not elaborate .
Trying to stay in the game on the issue , Blagojevich announced Thursday that he 's calling the General Assembly into special session Monday to deal with ethics reform .
With the potential for the Senate to also override his veto , Blagojevich summoned lawmakers back to Springfield in an attempt to get them to deal with his suggested changes .
The reversal comes after Obama 's Wednesday phone call to lobby Jones on the issue .
" Sen . Obama called Sen. Jones today to offer his strong support for the ethics reforms pending before the Senate and urged him to pass them at the earliest possible opportunity , " Obama spokesman Ben LaBolt said in a statement .
Some lawmakers and self - styled good government groups had called on Obama to lobby Jones , given Obama 's history of pushing ethics reforms during his tenure as a state senator .
By calling Jones , Obama moved to quell questions about his dedication to ethics reform before they affected his presidential campaign .
It was unclear Wednesday night what impact Obama 's call had on Jones .
Stepping outside a Senate Democratic fundraiser at a Chicago hotel Wednesday evening to smoke , Jones was asked whether Obama 's input would sway him .
" Come on , please , please , please , please , I 'm here doing other stuff now .
I 'm not talking to [ anyone ] in the press , " Jones replied .
By Duncan Bartlett
Europe business reporter , BBC News , Brussels
A mood of fear and pessimism is starting to descend on Europe .
It now seems the region could head into recession even before the United States .
Martinsa is a victim of Spain 's economic contraction Many EU nations are in real trouble .
In Spain , economy minister Pedro Solbes declared that the country was facing its " most complex crisis ever " following a collapse of the property market .
A leading Spanish property group , Martinsa - Fadesa , filed for bankruptcy earlier this week .
Like Spain , Ireland has suffered a housing market collapse and many people have run up huge personal debts .
The Irish economy shrank earlier in the year and economists say that if it continues to contract , the nation will fall into recession by the end of 2008 .
Despite this , the Irish Prime Minister or Taoiseach , Brian Cowen , has insisted his country is still doing remarkably well , despite the global economic downturn , and has rejected claims that he is personally responsible for the downturn .
Denmark is already in recession and shows no sign of emerging from it in the near future .
The government there stepped in to rescue a failing bank , Roskilde , in early July .
Other famous Danish firms such as the audio and television maker , Bang & Olufsen , are also in trouble .
It has issued three profit warnings in the past six months .
The biggest problem facing all of Europe 's economies is a sharp rise in inflation .
For the Eurozone as a whole , it now stands at 4 % - double the 2 % target set by the European Central Bank .
The ECB raised its main lending rate earlier this month by a quarter of one percent to 4.25 % in an attempt to keep a lid on inflation .
It may take a long time for that move to have an impact on prices .
Hard times Nick Kounis , chief economist of the Belgian bank Fortis , says he has become increasingly gloomy about the eurozone economy because of rising oil prices .
" They have been the main reason the European Central Bank brought forward its interest rate rises - and higher rates will dampen demand and have a direct impact on consumer spending , " he says .
If you compare Germany with the rest of the eurozone , it is still outperforming
Timo Klein , Global Insight
He is also concerned about the situation in emerging market countries with which the EU does a great deal of trade .
" These emerging economies are hugely important to the eurozone , because they buy a large percentage of our exported goods .
Most of the recent growth in European exports has been to those countries .
" But rising oil and food prices are hurting their economies too and that is bound to have a knock - on effect on Europe 's economy . "
Timo Klein , an economist at Global Insight in Frankfurt , now believes the eurozone has a 30 % chance of falling into recession .
However , he is upbeat about Germany .
" If you compare Germany with the rest of the eurozone , it is still outperforming , " he says .
That is partly because exports of specialised German equipment and machinery are still strong .
" These goods are not easily substituted by similar products from other countries , " says Dr Klein .
" In terms of quality , many German companies are world leaders .
If you want the best of certain type of product , then you have little choice but to buy it from Germany . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
SEC Halts Short Selling of Financial Stocks to Protect Investors and Markets
Commission Also Takes Steps to Increase Market Transparency and Liquidity
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
2008 - 211
Washington , D.C. , Sept. 19 , 2008 — The Securities and Exchange Commission , acting in concert with the U.K. Financial Services Authority , took temporary emergency action to prohibit short selling in financial companies to protect the integrity and quality of the securities market and strengthen investor confidence .
The U.K. FSA took similar action yesterday .
The Commission ’s action will apply to the securities of 799 financial companies .
The action is immediately effective .
SEC Chairman Christopher Cox said , “ The Commission is committed to using every weapon in its arsenal to combat market manipulation that threatens investors and capital markets .
The emergency order temporarily banning short selling of financial stocks will restore equilibrium to markets .
This action , which would not be necessary in a well - functioning market , is temporary in nature and part of the comprehensive set of steps being taken by the Federal Reserve , the Treasury , and the Congress . ”
This decisive SEC action calls a time - out to aggressive short selling in financial institution stocks , because of the essential link between their stock price and confidence in the institution .
The Commission will continue to consider measures to address short selling concerns in other publicly traded companies .
Under normal market conditions , short selling contributes to price efficiency and adds liquidity to the markets .
At present , it appears that unbridled short selling is contributing to the recent , sudden price declines in the securities of financial institutions unrelated to true price valuation .
Financial institutions are particularly vulnerable to this crisis of confidence and panic selling because they depend on the confidence of their trading counterparties in the conduct of their core business .
Given the importance of confidence in financial markets , the SEC 's action halts short selling in 799 financial institutions .
The SEC ’s emergency order , pursuant to its authority in Section 12 ( k ) ( 2 ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , will be immediately effective and will terminate at 11:59 p.m. ET on Oct. 2 , 2008 .
The Commission may extend the order beyond 10 business days if it deems an extension necessary in the public interest and for the protection of investors , but will not extend the order for more than 30 calendar days in total duration .
The Commission notes the similar announcement by the U.K. FSA .
The SEC and FSA are consulting on an ongoing basis with regard to short selling matters and will continue to cooperate in carrying out regulatory actions .
The Commission also has taken the following steps to address the recent market conditions :
Temporarily requiring that institutional money managers report their new short sales of certain publicly traded securities .
These money managers are already required to report their long positions in these securities .
Temporarily easing restrictions on the ability of securities issuers to re-purchase their securities .
This change will give issuers more flexibility to buy back their securities , and help restore liquidity during this period of unusual and extraordinary market volatility .
http://www.sec.gov/news/press/2008/2008-211.htm
A New Caledonian crow , Corvus moneduloides
Crows seem to be able to use causal reasoning to solve a problem , a feat previously undocumented in any other non-human animal , including chimps .
Alex Taylor at the University of Auckland , New Zealand , and his team presented six New Caledonian crows with a series of “ trap - tube ” tests .
A choice morsel of food was placed in a horizontal Perspex tube , which also featured two round holes in the underside , with Perspex traps below .
For most of the tests , one of the holes was sealed , so the food could be dragged across it with a stick and out of the tube to be eaten .
The other hole was left open , trapping the food if the crows moved it the wrong way .
Advertisement
Three of the crows solved the task consistently , even after the team modified the appearance of the equipment .
This suggested that these crows were n’t using arbitrary features – such as the colour of the rim of a hole – to guide their behaviour .
Instead they seemed to understand that if they dragged food across a hole , they would lose it .
Not - so great apes
To investigate further , the team presented the crows with a wooden table , divided into two compartments .
A treat was at the end of each compartment , but in one , it was positioned behind a rectangular trap hole .
To get the snack , the crow had to consistently choose to retrieve food from the compartment without the hole .
A recent study of great apes found they could not transfer success at the trap - tube to success at the trap - table .
The three crows could , however .
“ They seem to have some kind of concept of a hole that is n’t tied to purely visual features , and they can use this concept to figure out the novel problem , ” Taylor says .
“ This is the most conclusive evidence to date for causal reasoning in an animal . ”
Three of the crows did fail at both tasks , however .
The team plans further work to investigate why .
Journal reference : Proceedings of the Royal Society B ( DOI : 10.1098/rspb.2008.1107 )
descarga los primeros 3 tracks de su álbum debut , cada semana encontraras nuevos tracks y y el 28 de Julio estrenaran video de “ Love is a bitch ”
descarga : aquí
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Me gusta esto : Me gusta Cargando ...
Relacionado
Publicado en musica , pa todos
Etiquetas : Los Concorde - Regalan 3 rolas
Wives wants orgasm Contact Us !oral older for dreeper now !
Naughty lady seeking sex dating date honry girls
- Horney pussy want sex - South San Francisco
Naughty ladies looking casual sex dating pay for sex Riverton Naughty lady seeking sex dating fat women Manhattan Naughty older women wants sex encounters date hot guy Newberry Sexy seniors ready casual dating city dating Brownsville Sweet women looking sex tonight Detroit Okeechobee Sweet women seeking hot sex Bel Air Amadora Naughty lady seeking sex dating sexy wives Lake Wales Sexy seniors seeking sex personals blonde women Tampa Florida Sweet women looking sex tonight North Bergen Ocean City
! oral older for dreeper now !
I search real sex I am looking sex dating I ready sexual encounters I ready sexy chat 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59
Hot couple seeking real sex
Never Married
Im the girl thats different .
need a job relationship Provo .
Sonoma , 40 Breann Birthday boy this weekend .
I search sex Naughty lady seeking sex dating date honry girls 35 % Looking to fuck who ever on the southside only hmu .
milf cougar or horny Dijon gal .
Sweet women looking sex Vidalia
Selena Gomez - Same Old Love ( Citi Concert Today Show ) Selena Gomez - Same Old Love ( Citi Concert Today Show )
Divorced
Is there more than this ?
lookin for a disabled sex Santa rosa .
Milwaukee , 42 Fernande Black Male ISO classy lady for fun .
I looking adult dating Naughty lady seeking sex dating date honry girls 32 % Lonely cowboy seeks good woman .
wm sw Hamburg looking for hot sex .
Sexy seniors ready casual dating lonely single mum
Soundtrack to a Love Story w/ Anna Kendrick Soundtrack to a Love Story w/ Anna Kendrick
Never Married Myrtle , 59 Barrie , Naughty lady seeking sex dating single girls Swinger seeking nsa
I host early evening fun . discreet sex chat near Toledo .
Married Rupert , 41 Oakland , Sweet women seeking casual sex Silver City Xxx sluts wants flirt
Lemme show you what a REAL man can do for you .
indian adult phone dating or middle Monclova .
Divorced Mammie , 47 Rome , Naughty lady seeking sex dating girl for sex tonight Women wants nsa
Sugarnspice209 from ihookup .
wanting a Cedar Rapids Iowa male for fun tonight .
11 14 14 morning play n$a. granny sex in Crawley free .
While some would mourn the loss of porn as an art form , few would argue that three clicks of a mouse to go from giggling curiosity to full length hardcore porn
Single Donnie , 29 Lethbridge , Naughty senior want nsa adult channel online Horney search sex
Fem guy needs someone masc .
horny single women over Nampa .
Late night text granny adult naughty buddy ?
looking for fun got Fort Smith Arkansas .
Divorced Rodney , 20 Alma , Milf dating in Lingo Horney want for sex
Sexting is n't the same .
women seeking nsa and wanting some Americana .
Divorced Sean , 47 Bossier City , Sexy seniors ready casual dating bbw ladys Xxx adult wants fuck
I wanna eat ur Pussy and drink ur juice .
bbw needs old Aurora cock .
Looking for Lactating and or ladies wanting sex tonight woman .
m 4 m seeking discreet Itabuna guys with big dicks .
Single Denae , 30 Alicante , Milf dating in Penryn Hookers search dating
Gas station in Washington .
adult webcam chat in Brest .
Single Bud , 33 Guysborough , Naughty senior want nsa dating tips for women
Sexy couple want nsa
SWM looking for a woman .
Norfolk Virginia asian sex girls .
Seeking companionship maybe more .
New Jersey local horny woman houston .
Single Alix , 56 Mandurah , Sweet women seeking casual sex Ukiah Women wants flirt
Horny local girls women adult ladiess and looking for fist time .
what really is Huntsville dating these days .
Single Tammara , 51 Providence , Sweet women looking sex tonight Miles City Xxx woman want sex
In front of bethovens walking your dog at night .
Nevada guy looking for fun black girl .
SINGLE MALE SEEKS FEMALE 2 PLEASE .
South Korea woman adult dating .
Latino busca latina .
blind women looking for sex Parkersburg .
Single Gerda , 36 Glenwood Springs , Milf dating in New Berlin , Wisconsin , 53151 Sluts wants nsa
Blk female in nlv can squirt .
morning Sherbrooke married male looking for female .
Busy mom or wife w little house fixes or maint .
sexy black girls to date in Pocatello Idaho .
Divorced Tenisha , 56 Longview , Milf dating in Liberty mills
Hot wants sex
Wanting a chick to watch .
horny mums Saint Louis heights .
Never Married Marcos , 58 Niagara Falls ,
Sweet women looking sex tonight Lake Ozark Women seeking fucking
Ladies with muscular legs .
need a date to Laramie tonight .
Looking for this type of girl .
horny latin women wanting Duque de caxias cock .
Single Oda , 48 Tallahassee Florida , Naughty older women wants sex encounters woman wanting fucking Local want flirt
New pussy 's Market Warren .
black haired Manchester at granny chat lines gilas .
Single Karena , 40 Philadelphia , Milf dating in Lyles Blondes want teen sex
Looking for a sexy woman 55 and up .
Carolina Puerto Rico horny lonely women .
4 Upcoming Ruby and Rails Events ( MerbCamp , Great Lakes , Rails Summit Latin America , and Voices That Matter )
By Peter Cooper
It has not gone unnoticed that random announcements of individual events do not work well here on Ruby Inside .
With events taking more of a local focus these days , it makes more sense to pool the announcements together .
This post , therefore , is a rather uncelebrated launch of a new series of event - related compilation posts .
Please make sure to post in comments if you have other events you want to mention or visit our Contact page .
MerbCamp - October 11 and 12 , 2008 - San Diego , CA , USA
MerbCamp is an upcoming official gathering for the Merb community .
Confirmed keynotes are by Ezra Zygmuntowicz and Yehuda Katz .
The conference will take place in San Diego , California on October 11 - 12 on the UCSD campus .
Registration is not yet open , but a mailing list is available .
The camp is also looking for sponsors .
Great Lakes Ruby Bash - October 11 , 2008 - Ann Arbor , MI , USA
The Great Lakes Ruby Bash is a general Ruby - focused event in Michigan .
It 's on October 11 , 2008 - the same date as MerbCamp ( above ) and takes place on the University of Michigan campus at Ann Arbor , Michigan ( y' know , where Kevin in American Pie went to college ) .
The conference has its own Twitter account ( @greatlakesruby ) and they 're still looking for speakers .
Rails Summit Latin America - October 15 and 16 , 2008 - São Paulo , Brasil
The Rails Summit Latin America is an ambitious attempt at giving South America its own large Rails conference ( a la RailsConf and RailsConf Europe ) .
South America is n't an area that established conference players tend to head to , so Locaweb , a Brazilian Web hosting company , are bravely picking up the baton .
Registration costs 300 Brazilian Reals ( about $ 180 US ) until September 8th , then goes up a little to 400 Real .
The event takes place in October and speakers confirmed so far include Fabio Akita , Dr. Nic Williams , Chris Wanstrath , Chad Fowler , and lots of local speakers who it 'll be excellent to see represented .
Voices That Matter : Professional Ruby Conference - November 17 - 20 , 2008 - Boston , MA , USA
The Voices That Matter : Professional Ruby Conference is a Pearson Education event - Pearson are the team behind Addison - Wesley 's Professional Ruby Series , headed by Obie Fernandez .
The organizers say that the conference will " provide practical , people - oriented and in - depth information about using Ruby and the Rails platform to create dynamic technology solutions . "
Obie Fernandez is the conference 's technical chair , and heads an extremely solid speaker list including Ruby and Rails luminaries like Giles Bowkett , Thomas Enebo , Hal Fulton , Chad Pytel , Tammer Saleh , Ezra Zygmuntowicz , and others .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - U.S. and British officials intervened to restore confidence in battered global financial markets on Thursday , helping Wall Street bounce back to its best day in six years .
U.S. Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson shopped a plan to create a fund that would mop up toxic debt , and Paulson and Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke were to meet with congressional leaders Thursday night , sources said .
Meanwhile , British officials moved to crack down on short selling of banks .
“ It ’s very good news , generally speaking , ” said Haag Sherman , co-founder and managing director of Salient Partners in Houston .
“ I think it will start to provide a floor to asset values and allow institutions to work through this in a systematic manner .
They wo n’t have to rush into the arms of suitors to avoid collapsing . ”
Morgan Stanley and rival Goldman Sachs Group Inc , the largest surviving independent Wall Street investment banks , have been facing concerns that the credit crunch could constrict the short - term funding they need to do business .
BOUNCE BACK
Paulson ’s plan would be similar to the creation of the Resolution Trust Corp ( RTC ) , which was used to clean up bad debts from the savings and loan crisis in the late 1980s at a $ 400 billion cost to taxpayers .
The U.S. housing bust of the past two years has created hundreds of billions in toxic debt that has plagued bank balance sheets and led to the credit crisis .
In recent weeks , the government has stepped in to rescue three massive financial institutions : American International Group Inc , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , while opting to allow another , Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc , to fail .
On Thursday , battered U.S. financial stocks bounced back .
After plummeting 42 percent , investment bank Morgan Stanley ended up nearly 4 percent .
Beaten down banking shares like Wachovia Corp and Washington Mutual Inc flipped from massive losses to gains of 59 percent and 49 percent , respectively .
Volatility was the name of the game .
The Dow Jones industrial average fell as much as 150 points at one point , finally closing up 410 points .
U.S. Treasury debt prices tumbled , with the benchmark 10 - year debt slid 31 /32 , its yield rising to 3.54 percent .
Despite the revived markets , there were still signs of major stress at U.S. financial institutions .
Washington Mutual Inc , the largest U.S. savings and loan , has failed to attract formal offers despite being shopped around to larger banks like JPMorgan Chase & Co and Wells Fargo according to sources familiar with the situation .
Morgan Stanley is in talks to sell a larger equity stake to China Investment Corp , sources said .
Also , Wachovia Corp , the fourth - largest U.S. bank , has also emerged as a leading candidate to pair up with the investment bank .
A source familiar with Morgan ’s plan said negotiations between the two had advanced to a more formal stage .
There was concern the companies might be acting too hastily to strike merger deals in the wake of the bankruptcy filing of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc and Merrill Lynch & Co Inc ’s shock decision to sell itself to Bank of America Corp .
WaMu shares slid 13 percent in extended after - hours trading after rallying 49 percent in the main session .
‘ I AM WATCHING ’
Slideshow ( 10 images )
In other moves to restore confidence to markets , Britain ’s Financial Services Authority said it would bar investors from taking new short positions amid signs of a growing backlash against those who bet on price declines .
Also , New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo started a wide - ranging probe into possible illegal short selling .
“ I want the short - sellers to know today that I am watching , ” Cuomo said on a conference call with reporters .
“ If it is proper and legal then there is nothing to worry about . ”
U.S. authorities have already spent $ 900 billion to prop up the financial system and housing market .
Slideshow ( 10 images )
The U.K. ban on short selling came after the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission introduced rules under which short sellers and broker - dealers must deliver securities by the close of business on settlement day , three days after the sale .
Morgan Stanley Chief Executive John Mack told employees at a town meeting he thought U.S. regulators were starting to understand the systemic risk posed by short sellers .
Meanwhile , in a sign of the growing political blame game arising from the crisis , Republican presidential hopeful Sen.
John McCain called for the resignation of SEC Chairman Christopher Cox , a fellow Republican .
And a key U.S. lawmaker asked chief executives of Lehman and AIG to provide internal documents in preparation for an upcoming hearing on the collapse of both companies .
COORDINATED MOVE
In his first remarks about the crisis since the government ’s $ 85 billion takeover of AIG earlier this week , U.S. President George W. Bush expressed concern about the turmoil , and said his administration was prepared to take further measures to strengthen and stabilize markets .
“ The American people are concerned about the situation in our financial markets and our economy , and I share their concerns , ” he told reporters in a two - minute statement outside the Oval Office .
Shares of major trust banks slid on concern about potential losses in their investment portfolios .
State Street Corp closed down 9 percent , leading the decline , after tumbling 55 percent at one point .
Following its near - collapse and bailout , insurance giant American International Group Inc was replaced in the index by Kraft Foods Inc , best known for products like Cheez Whiz .
Earlier , the U.S. Federal Reserve announced coordinated moves with five of the world ’s major central banks to inject up to $ 180 billion in liquidity into global money markets .
That gave some reassurance to panicked investors , and slashed overnight money rates to 2 percent from 8.5 percent .
As an indication of the demand for liquidity , the Bank of England said it received bids of 202 billion pounds ( $ 365 billion ) for the 66 billion pounds on offer in its weekly open market operation .
TOO HASTY ?
British bank Lloyds TSB Group
Plc took advantage of the market turmoil to achieve a long - held ambition by scooping up the country ’s biggest mortgage lender , HBOS Plc , in a $ 22 billion all - share deal .
HBOS shares , which had slumped due to fears about its funding , soared 40 percent , and the British government promised to rewrite competition laws to let the deal go through .
( $ 1=.5612 pound )
Common Denominators between
Male & Female " Circumcision "
see also types of male / female genital mutilation
M A L E F E M A L E Yes
Is the practice rooted in ancient blood ritual ?
Yes Yes Was it initially adopted to suppress or control sexuality ?
( Circumcision of U.S. males began when it was adopted from England
in the late 1800s to " prevent " masturbation . )
Yes Yes Did ( Is ) the practice become ( becoming ) " medicalized ? "
Yes Yes
Do cultures use hygiene , medicine , religion or tradition to justify it ?
Yes Yes
Is it done without anesthesia , and is it painful and traumatic to the child ?
Yes Yes Does it carry long - term physical , sexual , emotional or psychological effects ?
Yes Yes Does it diminish sexual sensitivity ?
Yes Yes Does it abuse or mutilate the child 's body ?
Yes Yes
Is it forced upon the child without his / her consent ?
Yes Yes
Is it a violation of a person 's fundamental human right to his / her own body ?
Yes Yes
Do the victims learn to accept it as " normal " or defend the practice ?
Yes NO DO AMERICANS WIDELY CONDEMN IT ?
YES
WHY ?
F A C T S [ for anatomical clarification and references , visit Question 8 of our FAQ ]
The prepuce ( foreskin ) is a natural protective covering for the glans ( head ) of the penis and is the most erogenous tissue of the penis , containing over 240 feet of nerves and over 1,000 nerve endings .
Average adult foreskin consists of 1 - 1/ 2 inches of outer skin and 1 - 1/ 2 inches of inner mucosal lining and is 5 inches in circumference ( erect ) .
Infant circumcision ultimately destroys what would become 15 square inches of erogenous tissue , or approximately 50 % of the adult penile shaft skin and its nervous system .
The naturally adherent , non-retractile infant foreskin is torn from the glans before circumcision .
We now know infants DO feel pain .
They rarely receive anesthesia and / or post - operative pain management .
85 % of the world 's males are intact with few foreskin problems .
America is the only developed nation left in the world still circumcising most ( 60 % ) of its newborn males for non-religious reasons .
Every day in the United States , over 3,300 baby boys are circumcised , more than 1.25 million infants annually , at an annual cost to parents and health insurers exceeding $ 200 million .
American medicine has failed to prove unequivocally and conclusively that circumcision carries any significant medical advantage over the intact state for the majority of males or their partners .
It has also never researched the long - term physical , sexual , emotional or psychological consequences to men of infant circumcision .
Long - term harm includes : skin tags , skin bridges , prominent scars , tight / painful erections , bleeding during sex , bowing / curvature , loss of sensitivity , excessive / painful stimulation needed to orgasm , sexual dysfunction , anger , resentment , feelings of parental betrayal , mutilation / human rights violated , not feeling whole or natural , inferiority to intact males , low self - esteem , addictions or dependencies , etc .
More Pages Related to Male & Female Circumcision
Top of Page | Home | Updates | FAQ | Research | Education | Advocacy | Litigation | Search | Ideas | For Media | Videos | Bookstore | FactFinder
Your Rights | Attorneys for the Rights of the Child | Video Excerpt | Dads | FGC Experts | Position Statement | Harm Form | Class Action
August 24 , 2008 at 19:58 Tags Blogging , Software & Tools
This post documents my transition from Textile to reStructuredText , with Pygments for source code highlighting .
Leaving Textile
When I got tired banging in HTML code for my blog posts , I found Textile as a friendlier solution .
However , I 'm finally fed - up with Textile , for several reasons :
No implementation does exactly what I want , and tweaking is essential .
But textile implementations were not designed for tweaking , so making them fit your needs is a painful experience .
Since I 'm lately into Python , I 've been recently using pytextile , which turned out to be a particularly bad implementation .
The source code formatting ( in < pre > blocks ) of the textile processors kept clashing with Wordpress And , looking for a better solution , I ran into reStructuredText , which is part of the docutils package .
reStructuredText ( reST ) reStructuredText has a few immediate benefits over Textile :
It is being developed very actively .
A few busy mailing lists is always a good sign of healthy development activity .
The main implementation is in Python reStructuredText is considered to be a quasi - standard tool in the Python world , and is being used to format docstrings and even PEPs
Its architecture is designed to be hackable and extensible from the ground up , and the documentation is very extensive and detailed .
reStructuredText is suitable for more complex tasks than simple formatting .
It can be used to format whole documents , with hyper - linked sections and a table of contents .
The certainly " eat their own dog food " - the whole stack of documentation ( and there 's a lot of it ) is formatted with reStructuredText
Installing reST Installation was a snap .
I 've downloaded docutils , followed the installation instructions and was up and running in 2 minutes .
docutils installs a few useful scripts into the scripts installation directory of Python , and these can be used to turn text into various formats - HTML , XML , Latex , etc .
In principle , reST is similar to Textile , and learning it was very easy .
It took me less than an hour to whip up a sample document for myself that contains all the types of formatting I ever use for my blog posts .
From a cursory glance , reST seems to be more powerful than Textile in several ways , providing more options .
It is a tad less lightweight , but I think this is for a good purpose - Textile 's lightness is the cause of the bad quality of parsers written for it .
The only problem I had with reST is its construct for formatting source code .
It 's quite easy to do ( simply ident a block of text , and it will be placed in < pre > tags ) , but it would n't be easy to connect it with the wp-syntax Wordpress plugin I 'm using to highlight code in my blog .
So I 've decided to give Pygments a try .
Pygments Pygments is a Python library for source code highlighting .
It is widely used and respected , and best of all - can easily connect to reST .
After installing Pygments ( just downloading from its website and following the instructions ) , I 've modified the supplied external / rst - directive .py script for my needs , and created a generic " runner script " that is called with a text file as an argument , and creates from it an HTML file , formatted with reST with Pygments syntax highlighting ( hooked to the sourcecode directive ) .
Here 's the code of the runner script , together with my custom style class for Pygments : # A ' runner ' for HTML output #
Accepts the input file and output file names as command line # arguments .
Loads docutils and pygments and runs the formatter .
# # Based on : # rst2html - from the docutils distribution # external / rst - directive .py - from the pygments distribution # #
This code is in the public domain # Eli Bendersky # try : import locale locale.setlocale(locale.LC_ALL , '' ) except : pass ## ## Configuring Pygments ## from pygments .
formatters import HtmlFormatter from pygments import highlight from pygments .
lexers import get_lexer_by_name , TextLexer from pygments .style import Style from pygments .
token import Keyword , Name , Comment , String , Error , \ Number , Operator , Generic , Whitespace , Text class SciteStyle ( Style ) : default_style = " " styles = { Whitespace : ' # bbbbbb ' , Text : '# 000000 ' , Comment : '# 007f00 ' , Keyword : ' bold # 00007f ' , Operator .
Word : '# 0000 aa ' , Name .
Builtin : '# 00007f ' , Name .
Function : '# 00007f ' , Name .
Class : '# 00007f ' , Name .
Namespace : '# 00007f ' , String : '# 7f007f ' , Number : '# 007f7f ' , Generic : '# 000000 ' , Generic .
Heading : ' bold # 000080 ' , Generic .
Subheading : ' bold # 800080 ' , Generic .
Deleted : '# aa0000 ' , Generic .
Inserted : '# 00aa00 ' , Generic .
Error : '# aa0000 ' , Generic .
Emph : ' italic ' , Generic .
Strong : ' bold ' , Generic .
Prompt : '# 555555 ' , Generic .
Output : '# 888888 ' , Generic .
Traceback : '# aa0000 ' , Error : '# F00 bg: #FAA ' } #
Set to True if you want inline CSS styles instead of classes inlinestyles =
True #
The default formatter DEFAULT = HtmlFormatter(noclasses=inlinestyles , linenos= False , style=SciteStyle ) #
Add name -> formatter pairs for every variant you want to use VARIANTS = { ' linenos ' : HtmlFormatter(noclasses=inlinestyles , linenos= True , style=SciteStyle ) } def pygments_directive ( name , arguments , options , content , lineno , content_offset , block_text , state , state_machine ) : " " " Will process the highlighted source - code directive . " " " try : lexer = get_lexer_by_name( arguments [ 0 ] ) except ValueError : # no lexer found - use the text one instead of an exception lexer = TextLexer ( ) # take an arbitrary option if more than one is given formatter = options and VARIANTS [ options.keys ( ) [ 0 ] ] or DEFAULT parsed = highlight ( u '
' .join ( content ) , lexer , formatter ) return [ nodes.raw ( '' , parsed , format= ' html ' ) ]
## ##
Loading docutils and registering the new directive ## from docutils import nodes , io from docutils .
parsers.rst import directives import docutils .core pygments_directive.arguments = ( 1 , 0 , 1 ) pygments_directive.content = 1 pygments_directive.options = dict ( [ ( key , directives.flag ) for key in VARIANTS ] ) directives.register_directive( ' sourcecode ' , pygments_directive ) ## ## Execution ## import os , sys infile = sys.argv [ 1 ] outfile = os.path.splitext( infile ) [ 0 ] + " .html " print " Running HTML writer :
-> %s " % outfile # Running publish_parts to get at the document body , without # header , style specifications and footer # parts = docutils.core.publish_parts ( source= open ( infile , 'r ' ) , source_class=io.FileInput , settings_overrides = { ' doctitle_xform ' : 0 , ' initial_header_level ' : 3 } , writer_name= ' html ' ) open ( outfile , 'w ' ) .write ( parts [ ' body ' ])
FBI Torture Cover - Up ?
Congressman Robert Wexler ( from e-mail ) align= ” right ”
Wednesday , April 23 , 2008 4:19 PM
This morning , during a hearing in the House Judiciary Committee , I questioned FBI Director Robert Mueller on his agency ’s response to claims – made by his own FBI agents – that the CIA was torturing prisoners .
I wanted to find out why , if the FBI ’s own agents had alleged illegal actions were taking place , there was no investigation into the CIA ’s illegal and immoral practices .
Mueller ’s responses , which I would like you to read below , create new concerns and call for further investigation in the days ahead .
I believe Mr. Mueller owes more to Congress and the American people than the half - answers he gave in his testimony today .
( TRANSCRIPT )
Robert Wexler : Thank you Mr. Chairman .
Mr. Director , in January of 2006 , the New York Times reported that the NSA wireless wiretapping program had produced thousands of leads each month that the FBI had to track down , but that no Al - Qaeda networks were discovered .
During a July 17 , 2007 briefing , FBI deputy director John Pistole indicated that the FBI was not aware of any Al - Qaeda sleeper cells operating in the United States .
In August of 2007 Congress passed the Protect America Act , giving the intelligence community greater access to electronic communications coming into and out of the United States .
I have two questions in this regard .
RW : Has the FBI found any sleeper cells yet ?
One ” ¦
RW : Two .
Has the NSA ’s wireless wiretapping programs either before the Protect America Act or after led to the prosecution and conviction of any terrorists in the United States ?
Robert Mueller : Well , as to your first question as to whether we have found affiliates or , as you would call them , cells of Al - Qaeda in the United States , yes we have .
Again , I can not get into it in public session , but I would say yes we have .
With regard to the relationship of a particular case or individual to the terrorist surveillance program , again that is something that would have to be covered in a closed session .
RW : Alright , Mr. Director .
An LA Times article from October , 2007 quotes one senior federal enforcement official as saying quote “ the CIA determined they were going to torture people , and we made the decision not to be involved ”  end quote .
The article goes on to say that some FBI officials went to you and that you quote “ pulled many of the agents back from playing even a supporting role in the investigations to avoid exposing them to legal jeopardy ”  end quote .
RW : My question Mr. Director , I congratulate you for pulling the FBI agents back , but why did you not take more substantial steps to stop the interrogation techniques that your own FBI agents were telling you were illegal ?
Why did you not initiate criminal investigations when your agents told you the CIA and the Department of Defense were engaging in illegal interrogation techniques , and rather than simply pulling your agents out , should n’t you have directed them to prevent any illegal interrogations from taking place ?
RM : I can go so far sir as to tell you that a protocol in the FBI is not to use coercion in any of our interrogations or our questioning and we have abided by our protocol .
RW : I appreciate that .
What is the protocol say when the FBI knows that the CIA is engaging or the Department of Defense is engaging in an illegal technique ?
What does the protocol say in that circumstance ?
RM :
We would bring it up to appropriate authorities and determine whether the techniques were legal or illegal .
RW : Did you bring it up to appropriate authorities ?
RM : All I can tell you is that we followed our own protocols .
RW : So you ca n’t tell us whether you brought it ; when your own FBI agents came to you and said the CIA is doing something illegal which caused you to say do n’t you get involved ; you ca n’t tell us whether you then went to whatever authority ?
RM : I ’ll tell you we followed our own protocols .
RW : And what was the result ?
RM : We followed our own protocols .
We followed our protocols .
We did not use coercion .
We did not participate in any instance where coercion was used to my knowledge .
RW : Did the CIA use techniques that were illegal ?
RM : I ca n’t comment on what has been done by another agency and under what authorities the other agency may have taken actions .
RW : Why ca n’t you comment on the actions of another agency ?
RM : I leave that up to the other agency to answer questions with regard to the actions taken by that agency and the legal authorities that may apply to them .
RW : Are you the chief legal law enforcement agency in the United States ?
RM : I am the Director of the FBI .
RW : And you do not have authority with respect to any other governmental agency in the United States ?
Is that what you ’re saying ?
RM : My authority is given to me to investigate .
Yes we do .
RW : Did somebody take away that authority with respect to the CIA ?
RM : Nobody has taken away the authority .
I can tell you what our protocol was , and how we followed that protocol .
RW : Did anybody take away the authority with respect to the Department of Defense ?
RM : I ’m not certain what you mean .
RW : Your authority to investigate an illegal torture technique .
RM :
There has to be a legal basis for us to investigate , and generally that legal basis is given to us by the Department of Justice .
Any interpretations of the laws given to us by the Department of Justice ” ¦.
( talking over each other )
RW : But apparently your own agents made a determination that the actions by the CIA and the Department of Defense were illegal , so much so that you authorized , ordered , your agents not to participate .
But that ’s it .
RM : I ’ve told you what our protocol was , and I ’ve indicated that we ’ve adhered to our protocol throughout .
RW : My time is up .
Thank you very much Mr. Director .
Amid worldwide protests , Japanese fishing authorities this past December postponed plans to kill as many as 50 humpback whales for research .
The controversy , including official U.S. criticism of the proposed hunt , underscores the privileged role humpback whales play in the public imagination as one of the most charismatic sea creatures .
The incident also cast a harsh light on a provision in the international whaling agreement that allows nations to permit killing whales for scientific purposes .
Indeed , Japanese officials say they 're going forward with plans to kill nearly 1,000 whales of other species this year under the research exemption .
Iceland and Norway have invoked the exemption in the past , but Japan attracts the most criticism because of the scale of its hunts and its stated goal of easing whale - hunting restrictions .
Some marine biologists criticize the Japanese work as little more than a cover for industrial - scale hunting of whales for food .
Japanese authorities acknowledge that whales hunted for research are processed at sea and that the meat is sold in stores and served in restaurants in Japan .
Whale hunting is regulated by the International Whaling Commission ( IWC ) , formed in 1946 with 15 member nations ( including the United States ) and now numbering 78 .
The humpback was one of the first whales to receive protection : in 1966 , the IWC enacted a worldwide moratorium on hunting the species .
The IWC extended the moratorium to all commercial whaling in 1986 .
Citing the research exemption , Japanese whalers have killed more than 10,000 whales since the late 1980s , according to the IWC .
Most were minke whales , which are relatively abundant , but others were less common Bryde 's , sei , sperm and fin whales .
One of Japan 's representatives to the IWC , Joji Morishita , says whales are a " natural resource " and " should be managed in a sustainable manner " based " on science and not emotion . "
Opposition to the research hunts is widespread .
Even the IWC — essentially a diplomatic body with no enforcement power — has asked Japan to suspend its scientific whaling program .
An IWC resolution notes that none of the Japanese research is necessary for managing whale populations .
Nick Gales , a marine biologist with the Australian Antarctic Division in Kingston , Tasmania , says the scientific rationale for killing whales is " nonsense . "
The International Fund for Animal Welfare in Tokyo is one of many advocacy groups to oppose the lethal research .
The long - simmering controversy came to an angry boil this past November when Japanese whalers set out to hunt humpbacks in the Southern Ocean Sanctuary to study whether they are competing with minke whales for food .
Australia led the opposition to the hunt ; it announced that it would send planes and a ship to monitor Japanese whalers .
Humpback researchers scoffed .
" There 's nothing that we need to know about humpback whales that requires using lethal techniques , " says the Dolphin Institute 's Lou Herman .
Japanese fishing authorities said they would hold off — for now — and not kill any humpbacks before the IWC meets in June .
U.S. Commerce Secretary Carlos Gutierrez said , " we applaud Japan 's decision as an act of goodwill toward the International Whaling Commission . "
Craig Offman
National Post
August 4 , 2008
In a recent series of ads aimed at school children , a leading British energy company has assigned a controversial summer project : police their family ’s global - warming crimes .
Launched last week by NPower — the country ’s fourth - largest provider — the campaign is part of a larger program to educate children about global warming and the wasteful habits that might exacerbate it .
Placed in prominent newspapers such as The Sunday Times and The Telegraph , the ads offer giveaway diaries in which kids can note domestic infractions , such as leaving a mobile phone charging for too long or a Nintendo game left flickering in the dark , as well as Post - It notes , which can be left at the crime scene as a warning to the offenders .
Equally important , the campaign seeks to attract kids to its controversial Web site , Climate Cops , which encourages children to monitor and report on their domestic energy crimes to their classrooms .
Read article
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Rape victims who were drunk at the time of the incident have had their compensation slashed
Ministers have ordered an inquiry after it emerged that rape victims have had their state compensation slashed because they were drunk at the time .
Officials at the Criminal Injury Compensation Authority told women their drinking was a ' contributing factor ' in their ordeal .
The standard taxpayer - funded payouts of £ 11,000 were cut by as much as a quarter .
The rules of the CICA scheme allow payments to be reduced in cases where victims are partly to blame - such as by provoking an attacker .
But revelations that the rules have been applied to at least 14 rape victims in the past year alone drew furious protests yesterday , with lawyers branding the approach ' appalling ' .
Justice Minister Bridget Prentice called on the CICA to carry out a full review of all such cases , without victims having to go through the formal appeal process , and to ensure that full compensation is restored promptly .
Last night the authority agreed to stamp out the practice , insisting the cases identified so far had been isolated errors .
But officials could not say how many similar blunders had been made in recent years , and there are fears that the news could prompt a flood of legal challenges from other victims .
The issue came to light after one rape victim , referred to only as Helen , received a letter from the CICA saying her compensation was being cut from £ 11,000 to £ 8,250 .
It said : ' The evidence that we have shows that your excessive consumption of alcohol was a contributing factor in the incident ' .
She said the letter ' felt like a slap in the face ' , adding : ' It felt like I was being punished for having the audacity to step up and say " I do n't think this should have happened to me " .
It was like going back to the 1970s , saying " she was asking for it " .
' How else could you read the letter but as saying it 's my fault I was raped ? '
Helen was raped four years ago , when she was 25 , after a night out in London 's West End during which she believes her drink was spiked .
She told the Guardian the cut in compensation ' was just so cruel and unthinking and so wrong because there is nothing you can do to prevent yourself being raped .
' It is not illegal to go out and have a drink , it is illegal to rape somebody . '
Her lawyers successfully overturned the CICA decision and she has now received the full £ 11,000 .
The CICA admitted that 13 other rape victims had their payments reduced for the same reasons last year .
Officials have cut their standard pay - out of £ 11,000 by as much as a quarter because they were deemed partly to blame ( picture posed by model )
Officials insisted the decisions were mistakes and represented just 1 per cent of rape claims .
A spokesman said the fact that a victim of a crime was drunk can lead to lower compensation , but only if they also contributed to their ordeal in another way - such as by starting the fight in which they were injured .
In the case of rape , however , there is deemed to be no way of ' provoking ' an attack , so a victim 's drunkenness should be irrelevant .
Sandra McNeill of the Campaign to End Rape said : ' They seem to think all women should live like middle - class housewives of the 1950s .
Nobody lives like that anymore .
' They are simply silly , silly prejudices . '
The outcry highlights the fraught issues over alcohol and rape .
Ministers have made repeated unsuccessful attempts to reverse a dramatic fall in the number of rape complaints which lead to a conviction .
This should be fairly painless .
We ’ve already previewed the Radeon HD 4870 X2 for you , and today that card is becoming official and available for purchase .
To mark the occasion , we ’ve wrangled not one but two of these dual - GPU monsters and paired them up via Cross Fire .
We ’ve also assembled a killer ’s row of GeForce GTX cards for a comprehensive look at the next generation of multi-GPU madness .
Can we set a new record for power draw at the wall socket ?
Oh , I think you know we can .
An X2 refresher
You really should read our preview of the Radeon HD 4870 X2 if you have n’t already .
There we explained the ins and outs of “ Cross Fire on a stick ” technology and even took some naughty pictures of a naked 4870 X2 card .
There ’s not a lot more to be said about the card , which sports two Radeon HD 4870 graphics processors and twin banks of 1GB GDDR5 memory one for each GPU .
This is the same basic sort of layout we saw in the Radeon HD 3870 X2 before it .
We do know a little more about the 4870 X2 now , though .
Some of that knowledge is encapsulated in this nifty logical block diagram of the 4870 X2 provided by AMD :
This diagram provides confirmation for what we ’d suspected : that the X2 provides additional bandwidth between its two RV770 graphics chips by means of a dedicated “ sideport ” connection .
You may have noticed that the sideport connection offers 5 GB / s in each direction , very much like a PCIe 2.0 x16 link .
AMD says the sideport is electrically similar to PCI Express but is simpler because it ’s only intended as a peer - to - peer link between GPUs .
This link augments the bandwidth already available via the X2’s Cross Fire bridge interface ( CFBI in the diagram ) , which is only used to pass final frames from one GPU to the next for compositing , and its PCI Express lanes .
The sideport connection should help improve performance in cases where multi-GPU applications have typically had performance scaling problems , such as when texture synchronization between the GPUs becomes a problem .
Whether the sideport connection will be a big help is an open question , though .
The PCI Express switch on the X2 already manages traffic for 48 lanes worth of Gen 2 PCIe connectivity , including 16 lanes to each GPU and 16 lanes to the rest of the system .
On top of that , AMD says the bridge chip supports a broadcast write function that can relay data to both of the X2’s graphics processors simultaneously , conserving bandwidth .
Another thing we now know about the 4870 X2 is its price .
AMD is aiming for the $ 549 mark , which is just a tad shy of what ’d you ’d pay for two Radeon HD 4870 cards .
Since the X2 comes with 1GB of memory per GPU rather than 512MB like most current Radeon HD 4870 cards , it ’s really not a bad deal , as far as embarrassingly expensive video cards go .
And here ’s a bit of a shock : the card pictured above comes from the folks at Palit , who have been hawking GeForce cards on these shores for a little while now .
They are an equal opportunity eye candy vendor these days , which leads to another interesting development …
Yes , folks , the atomic frog has joined the red team , and he ’s apparently kinda cheesed off about something .
Watch out , or he ’ll unleash his robotic bagpipes on your ass .
They are full of liquid metal awesome .
Speaking of awesomeness , Radeon board vendors have another surprise in store for us soon , as well : Radeon HD 4850 X2 cards .
These things will feature two Radeon HD 4850 GPUs , each with 512MB of GDDR3 memory .
We have n’t yet procured one of these things , but I ’d expect them to perform more or less like a pair of Radeon HD 4850s in Cross Fire , which is pretty darned fast .
The price ?
$ 399 , or less than the going rate for a GeForce GTX 280 .
Now , that ’s just not even fair .
AMD says we can expect 4850 X2s anytime now , between the middle of August and the third week of the month .
Considering the CrossFireX possibilities
The Radeon HD 4870 X2 comes with a single CrossFire bridge connector , which opens up some intriguing possibilities .
The most obvious of those is the potential of harnessing two X2 cards together for quad - GPU mayhem .
We ’ve done it , of course .
Another possibility is hooking the 4870 X2 together with a card like this one …
Diamond was incredibly kind to provide this Radeon HD 4870 card for our use in multi-GPU testing , and we ’ve done exactly that .
This is a single - GPU card with 512MB of GDDR5 memory , my current favorite graphics card value .
The X2 can team up with it to achieve a three - way CrossFireX config .
You do end up compromising on total memory when you go this route , however , because the Cross Fire gods demand symmetry .
AMD ’s drivers will treat each GPU in the team as if it has 512MB of memory attached to it , since that ’s the lowest common denominator .
We ’ll see whether ( and how much ) that hurts when we get to our performance results .
New GeForces , newer prices
The 4870 X2 ’s main competition , duh , comes from Nvidia ’ GeForce GTX 200 - series lineup .
That ’s elementary , but we do need to recalibrate our expectations somewhat in light of the impressive downward movement of GeForce GTX prices since the cards ’ introductions .
Let ’s have a look at cards we used for testing as examples .
Like our 4870 X2 , many of the GeForce GTX 260 and 280 cards we used in testing came from Palit , who seems to be everywhere lately .
They were kind enough to provide us with a big chunk of the cards we used for this article .
The two cards pictured above actually are different products , although telling them apart is n’t easy .
The one on the right is a GeForce GTX 280 , and that card is currently selling for $ 429.99 at Newegg , along with a ( boo! hiss ! ) mail - in rebate that will , if and when you receive the funds , will take the net price down to 400 bucks .
That ’s a long , long way from the $ 649 introductory price .
On the left in the picture above is a GeForce GTX 260 , currently listing for $ 289.99 at Newegg and $ 269.99 after rebate .
Again , quite the drop from its $ 399 debut .
In light of these prices , Nvidia claims the most appropriate competition for the Radeon HD 4870 X2 would be a pair of GeForce GTX 260 cards in SLI .
That does make some sense , but remember that running a couple of GTX 260 cards in SLI imposes some strict requirements .
Most notably , you ’ll need to have a motherboard based on an nForce chipset , because Nvidia has restricted SLI to its own core logic .
On top of that , the GTX 260 SLI config will chew up two PCIe x16 slots and ( including coolers ) a total of four expansion slots inside of your PC , and it will require twice as many PCIe power leads as the 4870 X2 .
And do n’t get me started on multi-monitor support .
Let ’s just say AMD supports dual monitors reasonably well with the X2 and other Cross Fire implementations , while SLI requires the user to engage in a manual mode - switching ritual before launching a game .
Test notes
Let me say a word or two about video drivers .
When you ’ve compiled the sheer volume of test results we have in the following pages , driver revision management is bound to get tricky .
Some of the single - card results from prior - gen GPUs were obtained with somewhat older drivers .
We decided to go ahead and include them here since for those who are interested , although the comparison to newer cards and drivers may not be exact .
Also , the drivers we used for newer cards are pre-release or beta drivers , which may create some confusion .
For instance , the driver revision we used for the Radeon HD 4850 and 4870 is newer than the WHQL ’ed Catalyst 8.7 release available on AMD ’s website , despite the 8.5.xx version string we ’ve reported .
Similarly , the 177.39 drivers we used for the GeForce cards are newer than the 177.41 WHQL drivers posted on Nvidia ’s website .
And , of course , the drivers we used on the 4870 X2 are brand - spanking - new and still unreleased .
Our testing methods
As ever , we did our best to deliver clean benchmark numbers .
Tests were run at least three times , and the results were averaged .
Our test systems were configured like so :
Thanks to Corsair for providing us with memory for our testing .
Their quality , service , and support are easily superior to no -name DIMMs .
Our test systems were powered by PC Power & Cooling Silencer 750W power supply units .
The Silencer 750W was a runaway Editor ’s Choice winner in our epic 11 - way power supply roundup , so it seemed like a fitting choice for our test rigs .
Because it needs ever more power and a different connector layout , our three - way GeForce GTX 280 SLI system used a PC Power & Cooling Turbo - Cool 1200 , instead .
Thanks to OCZ for providing all of these units for our use in testing .
Unless otherwise specified , image quality settings for the graphics cards were left at the control panel defaults .
Vertical refresh sync ( vsync ) was disabled for all tests .
We used the following versions of our test applications :
The tests and methods we employ are generally publicly available and reproducible .
If you have questions about our methods , hit our forums to talk with us about them .
Sizing ’em up
If you have n’t caught on by now , the Radeon HD 4870 X2 is , well , really frickin’ fast .
We ’ll get to the game benchmarks shortly , but we can quantify the X2 ’s prowess in several ways .
Here it is compared to the most relevant competitors and some older cards of the same class .
Peak
pixel
fill rate
( Gpixels / s )
Peak bilinear texel
filtering
rate
( Gtexels / s )
Peak bilinear FP16 texel
filtering
rate
( Gtexels / s )
Peak
memory
bandwidth
( GB/s ) GeForce 8800 GTX 13.8 18.4 18.4 86.4 GeForce 9800 GTX 10.8 43.2 21.6 70.4 GeForce 9800 GX2 19.2 76.8 38.4 128.0 GeForce GTX 260 16.1 36.9 18.4 111.9 GeForce GTX 280 19.3 48.2 24.1 141.7 Radeon HD 2900 XT 11.9 11.9 11.9 105.6 Radeon HD 3870 12.4 12.4 12.4 72.0 Radeon HD 3870 X2 26.4 26.4 26.4 115.2 Radeon HD 4850 10.0 25.0 12.5 63.6 Radeon HD 4870 12.0 30.0 15.0 115.2 Radeon HD 4870 X2 24.0 60.0 30.0 230.4
Those are the theoreticals .
Here ’s how the cards measure in 3D Mark ’s synthetic tests .
For what it ’s worth , I continue to be befuddled by the Gtexels / second numbers coming out of 3DMark Vantage .
The units have to be off ; they do n’t match the capabilities of the cards .
We first discovered this problem and asked FutureMark about it in early June .
They have been very polite about telling us several times since then that the people who might fix this problem are on vacation .
( Note to self : try to get job at FutureMark . )
For now , we ’ll continue to assume the relative performance measured here tracks well , even if the units reported are incorrect .
And the numbers look quite nice for the 4870 X2 , which beats out its semi-ostensible competition in the dual GeForce GTX 260 SLI in both tests and proves to be easily the fastest “ single card ” anywhere in these two key metrics .
Then again , shader processing is quickly becoming the primary performance constraint in newer games .
Here ’s how the 4870 X2 stacks up in that regard .
Peak shader
arithmetic ( GFLOPS ) Single- issue Dual- issue GeForce 8800 GTX 346 518 GeForce 9800 GTX 432 648 GeForce 9800 GX2 768 1152 GeForce GTX 260 477 715 GeForce GTX 280 622 933 Radeon HD 2900 XT 475 – Radeon HD 3870 496 – Radeon HD 3870 X2 1056 – Radeon HD 4850 1000 – Radeon HD 4870 1200 – Radeon HD 4870 X2 2400 –
Yeah , uh , 2.4 teraflops will probably do you pretty well .
Nothing else out there even comes close .
3DMark has some synthetic shader tests that will give us a sense of the X2’s delivered shader performance .
None of the multi-GPU solutions performance particularly well in the GPU cloth and GPU particles tests , including the X2 .
Its additional sideport bandwidth does n’t seem to be of any help , either ; two 4870 cards in Cross Fire perform similarly in those two tests .
The parallax occlusion mapping and Perlin noise tests are another story altogether .
The X2 is the fastest single - card config , and dual X2s are even faster than three GeForce GTX 260 cards .
Call of Duty 4 : Modern Warfare
We tested Call of Duty 4 by recording a custom demo of a multiplayer gaming session and playing it back using the game ’s timedemo capability .
Since these are high - end graphics configs we ’re testing , we enabled 4X antialiasing and 16X anisotropic filtering and turned up the game ’s texture and image quality settings to their limits .
We ’ve chosen to test at 1680 ×1050 , 1920 ×1200 , and 2560 ×1600 resolutions of roughly two , three , and four megapixels to see how performance scales .
Well , this is a great game , but it ’s pretty much CPU limited with its quality settings maxed out along with 16X aniso and 4X AA .
At 2560 ×1600 , the multi-GPU configs do separate a little bit , and the 4870 X2 comes out ahead of three GTX 260s in SLI , let alone two .
Half - Life 2 : Episode Two
We used a custom - recorded timedemo for this game , as well .
We tested Episode Two with the in - game image quality options cranked , with 4X AA and 16 anisotropic filtering .
HDR lighting and motion blur were both enabled .
Episode
Two is n’t quite as CPU - limited as Call of Duty 4 , but we ’re still talking about frame rate averages over 70 FPS for half of the field at 2560 ×1600 .
With that caveat on the table , we can say that the 4870 X2 is again the fastest “ single ” card around , although it ’s a little slower than dual GTX 260s at our top resolution .
Notice , by the way , that two GeForce GTX 260s appear to be quicker than three .
This is n’t an unfamiliar sight for those of us who have worked with these exotic three - and four - way GPU configs .
Sometimes , the overhead of managing another GPU is n’t worth it .
Enemy Territory : Quake Wars
We tested this game with 4X antialiasing and 16X anisotropic filtering enabled , along with “ high ” settings for all of the game ’s quality options except “ Shader level ” which was set to “ Ultra . ”
We left the diffuse , bump , and specular texture quality settings at their default levels , though .
Shadow and smooth foliage were enabled , but soft particles were disabled .
Again , we used a custom timedemo recorded for use in this review .
The 4870 X2 is a little slower than two GeForce GTX 260s in Quake Wars at the highest resolution we tested , but CrossFireX scales well : our three - way 4870 setup is faster than three GTX 260s , and the four - way 4870 rig just edges out three GeForce GTX 280s .
Of course , at 115 FPS , it ’s all pretty much academic anyhow .
Crysis
Rather than use a timedemo , I tested Crysis by playing the game and using FRAPS to record frame rates .
Because this way of doing things can introduce a lot of variation from one run to the next , I tested each card in five 60 - second gameplay sessions .
Also , I ’ve chosen a new area for testing Crysis .
This time , I ’m on a hillside in the recovery level having a firefight with six or seven of the bad guys .
As before , I ’ve tested at two different settings , with the game ’s “ High ” quality presets and with its “ Very high ” ones , also .
We ’ve clearly moved to the more difficult portion of our program .
Both AMD and Nvidia have managed to squeeze additional performance out of Crysis using two GPUs , but neither company has had much success with three GPUs or more .
At both quality levels we tested , Nvidia has the upper hand in dual - GPU performance , which means even the GeForce 9800 GX2 an older breed of dual - GPU graphics cardoutperforms the 4870 X2 .
Assassin ’s Creed
There has been some controversy surrounding the PC version of Assassin ’s Creed , but I could n’t resist testing it , in part because it ’s such a gorgeous , well - produced game .
Also , hey , I was curious to see how the performance picture looks for myself .
The originally shipped version of this game can take advantage of the Radeon HD 3000 - and 4000 - series GPUs ’ DirectX 10.1 capabilities to get a frame rate boost with antialiasing , and as you may have heard , Ubisoft chose to remove the DX10.1 path in an update to the game .
I chose to test the game without this patch , leaving DX10.1 support intact .
I used our standard FRAPS procedure here , five sessions of 60 seconds each , while free - running across the rooftops in Damascus .
All of the game ’s quality options were maxed out , and I had to edit a config file manually in order to enable 4X AA at this resolution .
Here ’s another game where two GPUs can help , but additional ones just get in the way .
This time around , though , the Radeons clearly have the upper hand , no doubt due in part to their support for this game ’s optimized antialiasing performance with DirectX 10 .
Race Driver GRID
I tested this absolutely gorgeous - looking game with FRAPS , as well , and in order to keep things simple , I decided to capture frame rates over a single , longer session as I raced around the track .
This approach has the advantage of letting me report second - by - second frame - rate results .
I ’ve left out some of the lower - end solutions here for reasons I ’ll explain below .
Yikes .
So your first question probably is : what happened with the three - card 4870 X2 + 4870 setup ?
The answer : with only 512MB of memory per GPU , they just could n’t handle GRID at this resolution .
That ’s why I ’ve excluded some other configs , as well .
They just ca n’t do this .
The cards with more than 512MB of memory can , though , and the 4780 X2 is tops among them .
Playing this gorgeous game on a four - way 4870 Cross Fire rig at 100 + FPS on a 30 ″ 2560 ×1600 display ?
Yeah , I love my job .
Power consumption
We measured total system power consumption at the wall socket using an Extech power analyzer model 380803 .
The monitor was plugged into a separate outlet , so its power draw was not part of our measurement .
The cards were plugged into a motherboard on an open test bench .
The idle measurements were taken at the Windows Vista desktop with the Aero theme enabled .
The cards were tested under load running Half - Life 2 Episode Two at 2560 × 1600 resolution , using the same settings we did for performance testing .
We did n’t test idle power use for the 4870 X2 in our preview because AMD did n’t have all of its PowerPlay mojo working correctly yet .
Now it can be told , and the story is n’t too bad , considering .
The 4870 X2 system only draws 20 W more at idle than the same system equipped with single 4870 .
When running Episode Two , the 4870 X2 - based system draws a little more power than a comparable two - way GeForce GTX 260 SLI rig .
And with dual 4870 X2s in the system , we do indeed have what is , I believe , a new power - draw wattage record for one of our test rigs .
To its credit , our 750W PC Power & Cooling PSU did n’t explode during this test .
In fact , I tested power consumption last and had no idea how close to the edge the PSU must have been throughout our performance testing .
GPU temperatures
Per your requests , I ’ve added GPU temperature readings to our results .
I captured these using AMD ’s Catalyst Control Center and Nvidia ’s nTune Monitor , so we ’re basically relying on the cards to report their temperatures properly .
In the case of multi-GPU configs , I only got one number out of CCC .
I used the highest of the numbers from the Nvidia monitoring app .
These temperatures were recorded while running the “ rthdribl ” demo in a window .
Windowed apps only seem to use one GPU , so it ’s possible the dual - GPU cards could get hotter with both GPUs in action .
Hard to get a temperature reading if you ca n’t see the monitoring app , though .
Our production 4870 X2 cards run a little bit cooler than the pre-production sample we tested , thank goodness .
I ’d like to have noise level results to present alongside these temperatures , but unfortunately , I just ran out of time to test it all .
I may try to add those results in the next day or two , so you might check back here later .
Carnegie Mellon professor Scott E. Fahlman smiles away in his home office . *
Photo : Gene J. Puskar / AP * View Slideshow 1982 : At precisely 11:44 a.m. , Scott Fahlman posts the following electronic message to a computer - science department bulletin board at Carnegie Mellon University :
19 - Sep -82 11:44 Scott E Fahlman :-)
From : Scott E Fahlman
I propose that the following character sequence for joke markers :
:-)
Read it sideways .
Actually , it is probably more economical to mark things that are NOT jokes , given current trends .
For this , use :
:-(
With that post , Fahlman became the acknowledged originator of the ASCII - based emoticon .
From those two simple emoticons ( a portmanteau combining the words emotion and icon ) have sprung dozens of others that are the joy , or bane , of e-mail , text - message and instant - message correspondence the world over .
Fahlman was not , however , the first person to use typographical symbols to convey emotions .
The practice goes back at least to the mid-19th century , when Morse code symbols were occasionally used for the same purpose .
Other examples exist as well .
In 1881 , the American satirical magazine Puck published what we would now call emoticons , using hand - set type .
No less a wordsmith than Ambrose Bierce suggested using what he called a " snigger point " –__ \__/ __– to convey jocularity or irony .
But the modern emoticon does trace its lineage directly to Fahlman , who says he came up with the idea after reading " lengthy diatribes " from people on the message board who failed to get the joke or the sarcasm in a particular post – which is probably what " given current trends " refers to in his own , now - famous missive .
To remedy this , Fahlman suggested using__ :-) and :-( __to distinguish between posts that should be taken humorously and those of a more serious nature .
Fahlman 's original post was lost for a couple of decades and believed gone for good , until it was retrieved from an old backup tape , thus cementing his claim of priority .
Source : Various
Emoticons Jump From Web to Real World :-)
Sept. 19 , 1991 : Hikers Stumble Upon Otzi , the Alpine Iceman
Dec. 26 , 1982 : Time 's Top Man ?
The Personal Computer
The Judge and Mr. Smiley
Statement by the Australia - Venezuela Solidarity Network
September 30 , 2008 --
As a broad network of organisations and individuals that has closely studied the significant changes in Venezuelan society since 1998 – including organising eight study tours to Venezuela involving more than 150 Australians from diverse backgrounds -- we are obliged to respond to the biases , distortions and lies contained in the Human Rights Watch report A Decade Under Chavez : Political Intolerance and Lost Opportunities for Advancing Human Rights in Venezuela , released in September 2008 .
The key theme of the report -- that “ Ten years ago , Chavez promoted a new constitution that could have significantly improved human rights in Venezuela .
But rather than advancing rights protections , his government has since moved in the opposite direction , sacrificing basic guarantees in pursuit of its own political agenda ” -- bears no relation to the reality in Venezuela today .
Here are some facts :
Political freedom
The report ’s claim that “ Discrimination on political grounds has been a defining feature of the Chavez presidency ” is patently untrue .
All political parties in Venezuela , the majority of which are in opposition , operate without any constraints placed upon them .
They organise public meetings and demonstrations , speak regularly in the media , stand candidates in all elections , hold party events , publish books and pamphlets , and disseminate ( anti- government ) propaganda in the streets and through the media – all without any government sanctions .
There are no political prisoners of any kind in Venezuela .
On the contrary , despite the opposition ’s persistent efforts to use violent and unconstitutional means to overthrow the government , the Chavez leadership has responded with tolerance .
In 2007 , for example , Chavez pardoned opponents who backed the failed 2002 coup against his democratically elected government , saying , " We want there to be a strong ideological and political debate - but in peace ” .
The media
The HRW report claims that Chavez “ has significantly shifted the balance of the mass media in the government ’s favour by stacking the deck against critical opposition outlets ” .
In fact , the great majority of Venezuela ’s media is privately - owned and supports the political opposition .
There are no major pro?government newspapers in Venezuela , and the new government - funded television and radio outlets , such as TVes and TeleSur , have a much smaller reach than the privately owned outlets .
Despite the fact that , ever since Chavez was elected in 1998 , the opposition media have talked openly about violently overthrowing the government , they have never been censored or shut down .
The broadcast licence of private channel RCTV was not renewed this year due to persistent legal violations , including inciting political violence ( see http://www.venezuelasolidarity.org/?q=node/271).
However , the channel easily switched to cable .
The judiciary
Contrary to the HRW report ’s claim that the Chavez government has an “ open disregard for the principle of separation of powers -- specifically an independent judiciary ” , the independence of the judiciary has been significantly strengthened since 1999 .
While there are still weaknesses in this area due to the continuing presence of judges appointed by the pre-Chavez regime , the revolutionary government has begun to confront and eradicate the corruption with which the old legal system was previously riddled .
Trade union rights
HRW ’s allegation that the government “ has sought to remake the country ’s labor movement in ways that violate basic principles of freedom of association ” is false .
All six national trade union federations in Venezuela function unhindered by any anti-trade union laws or intervention by the government .
The Chavez government has actively promoted the self - organisation of workers and the formation of democratic trade unions , and collective action by workers in their own interests .
Unlike in Australia and most Western nations , trade union membership is increasing in Venezuela , rising from 11 % before Chavez came to office to at least 20 % today .
In some important struggles by workers for their rights , such as at Sidor , the fourth - largest steel plant in Latin America , the government has directly intervened against multinational employers in support of the employees -- in the case of Sidor , by nationalising the plant and meeting all of the employees ’ demands .
Civil society
The HRW report accuses the Chavez government of an “ aggressively adversarial approach to local rights advocates and civil society organisations ” .
This is almost as far from the truth as it is possible to be .
For the first time ever , the rights of many previously marginalised sectors of the population have been enshrined in Venezuela ’s 1999 constitution .
More importantly , through the establishment of hundreds of social missions , 200,000 cooperatives , tens of thousands of communal councils ( which democratise local government and give people the funding to make decisions for themselves ) , as well as specific women ’s , Indigenous , lesbian and gay organisations , and many others , the government has actively empowered millions of formerly excluded people to actively participate in local , regional and national decision - making .
Health clinics , educational centres , subsidised food markets and other initiatives rely on local volunteers and are accountable to these communities .
This is all part of implementing the principles of participatory democracy that underpin the Bolivarian revolution and have been enshrined in the 1999 Constitution , which was itself the product of the most extensive consultation with the Venezuelan population ever .
Democracy
All democratic institutions have been markedly strengthened in Venezuela since 1998 .
This is exemplified by Venezuela ’s National Electoral Council , the fairness and efficiency of which has been repeatedly verified by international bodies observing elections in the country .
Venezuela has held more internationally recognised democratic elections than virtually any other country in the world since 1998 , and Chavez personally has faced and won seven elections .
However , the National Electoral Council and the Chavez government also have not hesitated to immediately accept and uphold electoral results unfavourable to the government , such as the defeat of the 2007 constitutional referendum ( see http://www.venezuelasolidarity.org/?q=node/1715).
The number of registered voters has increased from 11,013,020 in 1998 to 16,109,664 in 2007 ( a 60 % increase ) , with greater than average increases among previously marginalised groups such as Indigenous people and women .
In 2006 , Venezuelans serving in the military were given the right to vote for the first time .
Human rights ignored
The political bias that riddles the HRW report is most sharply evident in its failure to even mention the many major improvements to the human rights enjoyed by the overwhelming majority of Venezuelans that have been made by the Chavez government .
These include : the reduction of poverty by 34 % ; the eradication of illiteracy ( confirmed by the United Nations ) ; the expansion of education from 6 million participants in 1998 to more than 12 million in 2008 ; access to free health care by the great majority of the population by 2008 ; the provision of subsidised food , benefiting 12 - 14 million people in 2008 ; the reduction in unemployment to historically low levels of around 7 % in 2008 ; the promotion of a far greater role of women in society and the economy ; and the dramatic increase in social spending by the government ( see http://www.rethinkvenezuela.com).
The HRW ’s depiction of Venezuela as being on the verge of becoming a dictatorship therefore makes a mockery of it ’s stated mandate of “ protecting the human rights of people around the world .... stand ( ing ) with victims and activists .... upholding political freedom ( and ) bring ( ing ) offenders to justice " .
In fact , the Chavez government has expanded democracy and human rights in Venezuela to unprecedented levels .
Echoing US establishment propaganda
For many familiar with the history of US intervention in Latin America , the systematic biases and falsifications in the HRW report come as no surprise given the organisation ’s advisors and funding sources .
These include : the Ford Foundation ; the Rockefeller Foundation ; the Carnegie Corporation of New York ; and Time Warner .
Some of HRW ’s Americas Advisory Board members are closely linked to the notorious right - wing propaganda organisation , the National Endowment of Democracy .
As Edward Herman , David Peterson and George Szamuely conclude in their 2007 review of the role and biases of HRW ( see http://www.electricpolitics.com/2007/02/human_rights_watch_in_service.html), HRW has too often served as “ a virtual public relations arm of the [ US ] foreign policy establishment ” .
And it is no coincidence that the Venezuela report was released at just this time .
Its central claim -- that “ Discrimination on political grounds has been a defining feature of the Chavez presidency ” – is perfectly suited to the current campaign , being aggressively promoted through establishment media worldwide , to discredit and isolate Venezuela ’s revolutionary leadership in the lead - up to the country ’s November 23 elections for governors and mayors .
The US establishment is desperate to regain control of Venezuela ’s vast oil resources and halt the growing movement , led by Venezuela and Cuba , towards greater Latin American integration on the basis of independence from imperialist domination .
To that end , it has repeatedly attempted to remove Venezuela ’s democratically elected president and end the Bolivarian revolution -- and it has repeatedly failed : in April 2002 , when a popular uprising ended a US - backed coup against Chavez ; in 2002 - 03 , when the workers overcame a management lockout in the oil industry that almost crippled the economy ; in August 2004 , when Chavez won a 59 % majority in a national “ recall referendum ” demanded by the right - wing opposition ; and the boycott of the 2005 parliamentary election by opposition parties to try to de-legitimise the government .
Most recently , in September 2008 , the government uncovered a detailed plan to assassinate Chavez and carry out a military coup ( see http://www.venezuelasolidarity.org/?q=node/5864).
At the same time , US and other Western corporations have used foreign courts to try to rob Venezuela of its resources ( e.g. : ExxonMobil ’s injunctions to freeze billions of dollars in assets of Venezuela ’s state - owned oil company , Petróleos de Venezuela , this year .
See http://www.venezuelasolidarity.org/?q=node/2397), and the Western corporate media maintain a constant vilification campaign against Chavez , labelling him a “ dictator ” , a “ drug- runner ” and a supporter of “ terrorism ” .
Despite its failure so far to even put a dent in the massive popular support for Chavez and the revolution in Venezuela , the US establishment continues to funnel millions of dollars to Venezuelan opposition groups to try to destabilise the government .
The publicly acknowledged component of this funding is channelled through so - called “ non-government organisations ” in Venezuela ( such as SUMATE , whose leader , Corina Machado , endorsed the unsuccessful 2002 coup against Chavez ) from bastions of the US Right including USAID , the International Republican Institute , the National Democratic Institute for International Affairs , the American Centre for International Labour Solidarity , the Centre for International Private Enterprise and , of course , the National Endowment for Democracy .
The astonishingly blatant distortions and lies in the HRW report on Venezuela can only be understood in that context :
The report is simply an echo of the US establishment ’s anti-Chavez propaganda that is aimed at undermining a government that is breaking free of imperialism ’s control and showing a lead to all other exploited peoples around the world .
The Australia - Venezuela Solidarity Network unequivocally rejects the HRW ’s falsifications and affirms our commitment to tell the inspiring truth about the Venezuelan people ’s struggles for sovereignty , social justice and socialism of the 21st century .
McCain has refurnished his campaign airplane with a special section that is reserved for the “ good reporters ” .
How does a reporter get into the VIP section ?
“ You ’ll have to earn it ” says campaign aide Mark Salter .
It looks like McCain ’s strategy is working , with a number of sycophant reporters falling all over themselves to praise McCain and attack Obama .
You may remember reporter Liz Sidoti serving John McCain his favorite Dunkin ’ Donuts ( with sprinkles ) at the Associated Press meeting ( at the same meeting , Obama was called “ Osama ” ) .
If that was n’t enough , Sidoti followed that up with a hit piece on Obama .
Also fighting for her seat on the Straight Talk Lap Dog Express , Jennifer Loven produced an Obama hatchet job that was so devoid of truth it made one reporter ’s eyes bleed and another called it mind numbing .
In may not be a coincidence that most of these bad articles are coming from the Associated Press , since Rupert Murdoch ( owner of Fox News ) joined the AP Board of Directors in April .
UPDATE : The Jed Report put together this great video of the media fawning over McCain ’s new airplane :
Design your own desktop with Xfce 4.4 – part 2
By popular demand , I decided to push the limits of Xfce ’s customisability even further .
This time , I would make it look like Mac OS X 10.5 “ Leopard ” .
Despite efforts like Mac4Lin , this task proved more difficult than trying to make it look like Windows Vista .
Though I have n’t achieved the same degree of perfection as I did when replicating Vista , I still think I came pretty close .
First of all , you will need to download Mac4Lin and extract it somewhere .
There ’s a lot of material to use in there , but since I have already discussed it in part 1 , I wo n’t elaborate here on how to change your wallpaper , font ( to Lucida Grande ) , GTK theme , icon theme and xfwm4 theme or , for those who use Compiz , Emerald theme .
Removing the bottom panel , setting a background image and resizing the top panel have also been discussed .
In order to replicate the looks of OS X as close as possible , though , there still is a lot to be done .
Dock
One of the most noticeable things about OS X is its dock .
Unfortunately , by default Xubuntu does not include such a dock by default .
To have this functionality provided for , we will install Avant Window Navigator ( AWN ) .
Luckily , excellent instructions for installing AWN on Ubuntu 7.10 are already available , with the only difference being that we use Xubuntu and thus need to look in Applications -> System instead of System -> Administration .
Do note that , in order to use AWN , you need to have Compiz installed or have enabled Xfce ’s own display compositing by checking “ Enable display compositing ” under the Compositor tab in Applications -> Settings -> Window Manager
Tweaks .
You can run AWN through Applications -> Accessories -> Avant Window Navigator .
In order to have AWN ran every time you log in , you will also want to add AWN in Applications -> Settings -> Autostarted Applications .
The next step is making AWN replicate the OS X dock , which can be done through Applications -> Settings -> Awn Manager .
If you click “ Themes ” on the left - hand side , you will get an overview of installed themes .
By clicking “ Add ” you can install the AWN Dock Theme included in the Mac4 Lin package you downloaded earlier , which you can then select and apply .
We then click “ General ” on the left - hand side to configure the looks in the Bar Appearance tab .
I disabled round corners , set an angle of 26° , a height of 52 pixels and an offset of 14 pixels .
With that set , you can start adding applets to the dock by clicking “ Applets ” on the left - hand side .
There are a whole range of applets to choose from , but for my OS X - like setup I opted for “ Launcher / Taskmanager ” , “ Shiny Switcher ” and “ Stacks Trasher ” .
The next step was adding program launchers to the dock ( well , technically , to the “ Launcher / Taskmanager ” ) .
This can be done easily by opening a Thunar window ( Applications -> Accessories -> Thunar File Manager ) and browsing to /usr / share / applications .
You can then drag applications to the dock to add them .
Right - clicking on a launcher allows you to change its icon .
Firefox
Also included in the Mac4 Lin package is a Firefox theme , to make the Firefox experience similar to that of Safari .
To install this , you open up the Add - ons window in Firefox from Tools - > Add-ons , then click “ Themes ” on top .
You can then drag the file FireFox Safari Theme - Vfox2.jar from the Firefox Addons folder into the Add - ons window .
Another window pops up allowing you to install the theme .
After the installation is finished , you will be asked to restart Firefox .
After you have restarted , you can select “ Use Theme ” through the Add - ons window , after which you have to restart it once again .
To install the extensions , you just select the extension file , copy it ( Edit -> Copy ) , then paste it in Firefox ’s address bar on top ( Edit -> Paste ) .
Again , an installation window will pop up , and you will be asked to restart Firefox when the installation has finished .
Upon the next start , the extension will be installed .
Cursor theme
An interesting option which we did n’t explore in part 1 was the ability to change cursor themes .
Conveniently , the Mac4Lin package also contains a folder named GTK Cursor Theme .
Similar to how you installed icon themes , you extract the theme archive to /home / yourusername /.icons .
You can then open Mouse Settings ( Applications -> Settings -> Mouse Settings ) , where the cursor should be located in the Cursor tab .
Selecting the theme will warn you that the theme might not be applied until the next time you login .
Final thoughts
During the process of making my desktop look like OS X , I slowly started to appreciate the approach Apple has taken with its operating system .
Instead of replicating the steps of the industry leader , they dare to be different .
According to some , this has even led the industry leader to follow in Apple ’s footsteps !
Unfortunately , all this innovating does not make creating a lookalike any easier .
The most noticeable inaccuracy is in the GTK theme : because of its use of the pixmap engine , button images need to be stretched both horizontally and vertically , so they often look very odd compared to their OS X counterparts .
Other themes such as Leopardish also come close , but no cigar .
That said , the result ended up quite nice .
When compared to the Vista “ clone ” , a world of difference can be found .
Clearly , an extensive range of customisation options is available to Xfce users , which emphasizes that Xfce really does not lag behind GNOME nor KDE when it comes to customisability .
Those interested in moving application menus to their panel will be interested to know that it is possible , with support for Xfce ’s panel .
However , this is a very hackish solution and therefore strongly discouraged !
As you ’ll understand , I take absolutely no responsibility if it happens to end up in a disaster .
Polipo is no longer maintained
When it was first written , Polipo was probably the best HTTP proxy available .
Since then , the web has changed , and HTTP proxies are no longer useful : most traffic is encrypted , and a web proxy merely acts as a dumb intermediary for encrypted traffic .
Polipo will no longer be maintained .
Here are some alternatives :
if you need your HTTP traffic to originate from a remote IP address , use a VPN or a SOCKS5 proxy ;
if you need better caching than your browser provides , use a better browser ;
if you need to share your cache between different user - agents or different users , you 're out of luck ;
if you need HTTP / 1.1 pipelining , you 're out of luck .
I hear that the answer is " use HTTP /2 instead " , but HTTP / 2 will remain only moderately useful until it has good support for either unencrypted connections or opportunistic encryption .
Polipo — a caching web proxy
Polipo is a small and fast caching web proxy ( a web cache , an HTTP proxy , a proxy server ) .
While Polipo was designed to be used by one person or a small group of people , there is nothing that prevents it from being used by a larger group .
Polipo has some features that are , as far as I know , unique among currently available proxies :
Polipo will use HTTP / 1.1 pipelining if it believes that the remote server supports it , whether the incoming requests are pipelined or come in simultaneously on multiple connections ( this is more than the simple usage of persistent connections , which is done by e.g. Squid ) ;
Squid ) ; Polipo will cache the initial segment of an instance if the download has been interrupted , and , if necessary , complete it later using Range requests ;
Polipo will upgrade client requests to HTTP / 1.1 even if they come in as HTTP / 1.0 , and up - or downgrade server replies to the client 's capabilities ( this may involve conversion to or from the HTTP / 1.1 chunked encoding ) ;
Polipo has complete support for IPv6 ( except for scoped ( link - local ) addresses ) .
Polipo can optionally use a technique known as Poor Man 's Multiplexing to reduce latency even further .
In short , Polipo uses a plethora of techniques to make web browsing ( seem ) faster .
What Polipo is useful for
By virtue of being a ( mostly ) compliant HTTP / 1.1 proxy , Polipo has all the uses of traditional web proxies .
It is typically used as a web proxy for a single computer or a small network , although it has successfully been used by larger groups .
Because Polipo is small and easy to install ( just copy the polipo binary ) , it has applications beyond those of traditional web proxies .
I usually copy Polipo to whatever machine I happen to be using and do all my browsing through it ( with no on - disk cache ) .
I 've also occasionally used it to cross firewalls that were misconfigured or overly restrictive .
Since it can speak both IPv4 and IPv6 , Polipo can be used as a bridge between the IPv4 and IPv6 Internets : to allow an IP v6 - only host to access IP v4 servers or vice versa .
Since it can speak the SOCKS protocol , Polipo can be used together with the tor anonymising network .
Because it has primitive filtering capabilities , Polipo can be used to remove advertisements and improve privacy .
Unless you 're trying to provide service to a full network , however , you will likely be happier with a suitable browser extension , such as AdBlock or Ghostery .
Documentation
Please read :
Download
Polipo sources
Download polipo sources .
The current tree is available from a Git repository :
git clone https://github.com/jech/polipo.git
Or Browse on Github .
Please see the FAQ for more information about the current tree .
Contributed binaries and BSD ports
Please note that Polipo builds out of the box on all of the systems mentioned below — and many more .
However , the packages below tend to include lovingly crafted cron scripts and configuration files .
Debian packages are apt - gettable .
Ubuntu packages are apt - gettable .
An OpenWRT package is opkg - able .
A Gentoo ebuild is emergeable .
FreeBSD port , contributed by Frank Behrens .
RedHat ( RHEL / Centos ) RPMs contributed by Oliver Niesner .
RedHat ( Fedora ) RPMs contributed by Jason F. McBrayer .
DarwinPorts port for Mac OS X .
In addition , an experimental Windows binary might be available in my download area .
While I have looked at some of these packages , I did n't check all of them exhaustively .
And of course I only examined the source packages , not the binaries .
Mailing list
Announcements of new versions of Polipo are sent to the Polipo - users mailing list .
Any discussion related to Polipo is welcome on this list .
The list archives are available from SourceForge by HTTP ( slow and unreliable ) , from Gmane by HTTP ( faster ) and from Gmane by NNTP ( even faster , but then , I 'm using a smart newreader and a poor web browser ) .
You may also be interested in at Polipo 's freshmeat page , Polipo 's Sourceforge page .
Benchmarks
Here are the results of a completely unscientific benchmark of proxy behaviour .
A more scientific web server benchmark ; this only measures the behaviour of Polipo when used as a web server .
References
By Chris Gonsalves
Terrence Chalk , the once - popular CEO of Compulinx Managed Services , is back in jail .
Chalk still faces eight counts of identity theft and fraud for allegedly using his employees ' personal data to get loans and credit cards .
Now his bail has been revoked after federal agents say Chalk and his girlfriend tried to defraud a Connecticut BMW dealership .
As if Managed Service Providers do n’t have enough trouble gaining trust , a former New York MSP owner still awaiting trial for allegedly stealing his employees ’ identities in 2006 is back in jail facing a new set of federal fraud charges .
Terrence Chalk now stands accused , along with his pregnant girlfriend , of trying to bilk a BMW dealer out of several lease vehicles .
Chalk , 45 , made headlines in October 2006 when federal agents raided Compulinx Managed Services , his White Plains , N.Y. - based MSP .
Chalk , Compulinx 's CEO and a well - known Westchester County businessman , was charged with eight counts of stealing the identities of his employees in order to secure fraudulent loans , lines of credit and credit cards .
Chalk ’s nephew , Damon T. Chalk , 35 , was also arrested , accused of submitting more than $ 1 million worth of credit applications using the names , addresses and social - security numbers of Compulinx employees .
Terrence Chalk remained in jail in White Plains until March 2008 when federal agents say his girlfriend , Addriely Hernandez , 27 , helped him make his $ 250,000 bail .
Part of Chalk ’s bail agreement forbid him from seeking any loans , credit cards or lines of credit either individually or as a co-signer , according to federal court records .
Once free on bond , however , federal agents say Chalk and Hernandez went to work trying to secure a leased BMW X5 from BMW of Ridgefield , Conn . for a company Hernandez had formed a year earlier called Citiventures Inc. using mostly falsified business and accounting documents .
According to special agent Michael Mazzuca , when the dealership asked for financial statements , Hernandez provided documents indicating she and Chalk were officers of the company .
Mazzuca said the pair also supplied financial records for Citiventures that were identical to the 2004 audited records of Computek , the former name of Chalk ’s failed MSP business .
The dealership approved the lease X5 lease , so Chalk and Hernandez returned to the Ridgefield business looking to lease a BMW X3 and a 328i .
Chalk was introduced to dealership employees as " the boss " of Citiventures and Hernandez offered more records that claimed the business , which listed Chalk as CEO and president , had more than $ 320,000 in the bank .
Federal investigators say the business never had more than $ 20,000 on hand .
When the FBI got wind of Chalk ’s latest ruse , his bond was revoked .
He was taken into custody and returned to jail last month when he went to court for a regularly scheduled pre-trial visit .
He is now awaiting a hearing on the original Compulinx charges set for later this month , according to Herbert Hadad , spokesman for the U.S. Attorney ’s office in White Plains , N.Y .
Hernandez , who is four months pregnant with Chalk ’s child , remains free on $ 100,000 bond .
Both face fraud and conspiracy charges in the BMW lease case .
The return to jail is just the latest twist in the downward spiral that began on Halloween 2006 , when federal agents raided Compulinx and put and end to what many now say was a decade of deception .
As federal investigators dug deeper into the identity theft and fraud case , it became clear that Chalk ’s MSP business , which had won him accolades from the media and membership in the Westchester Business Council Hall of Fame , was based largely on lies .
According to the Westchester County Business Journal , which published several glowing profiles of Chalk , Compulinx was providing managed services for the likes of Pfizer , Tropicana , Newsday and Scudder .
But former business associates say the customer roster and Compulinx claims that it hosted data for hundreds of customers in four data centers with 300 servers and 40 TB of storage were total fabrications .
Compulinx was known as Computek until 2004 , when it acquired Linx Logic , formerly part of Ernst & Young Technologies .
The company developed its own proprietary software platform for hosting customers ' networks , dubbed Manage : Now , and moved on to launch its own partner program that allows other resellers to team on managed - services projects .
Prior to founding Compulinx , Chalk , a native Long Islander , worked at defense subcontractor Dayton T. Brown in Bohemia , N.Y. , and taught PC repair and networking part time at Long Island 's SUNY Farmingdale .
If convicted on the Compulinx charges , Chalk faces 165 years in prison and $ 5.5 million in fines , prosecutors say .
He faces an additional 20 years on the wire fraud charges related to the Citiventures - BMW leasing case .
Guest Blogger : Todd Palin
Well allright .
Its my baby 's time to shine !
I 'm here in St. Louis but I donno yet if Im actually gonna watch from the audience or not .
I wont lie , I got bored earlier and got into the minibar , so Steve 's been saying I do n't get to go down and see the thing live .
I said like hell I dont !
But I do n't know , also its pretty comfortable up here and I might be able to blog easier than from my blackberry .
An its true Im feelin pretty good right now .
9:00 - OK , I 'm at least starting things out up here in the room .
Kind of flipping around , not sure where I 'll end up but CNN is in the lead right now .
They got these circles on the side of the TV , and a bunch of regular folks with dials to rate the whole thing .
It 's all pretty scientific , like how they score boxing .
9:03 - Blah blah blah I'm Joe Biden .
Man who would even listen to this guy ?
He does n't even drive a truck .
9:06 - Yeah , Sarah !
Nice opener , baby .
That thing about soccer was Steve 's idea , its meant to get more hispanic people to vote for us .
9:08 - Was that a wink ?!
I mean fine , I know its TV , but Im just saying Brad better not be in this f*** ing building .
9:11 - I think Sarah is right , the people need to rise up !
We need to tear those Wall Street boys up , I am sick of them an I bet you are too .
9:14 - Im glad Sarah is talking about about cutting taxes when she was mayor .
I mean OK , the hockey arena actually cost a lot of money .
But its like how they dont count the army when their doing the budget , you should n't really count that .
9:19 - Steve says I should remind everyone that the financial services industry is composed of patriotic Americans who have proven to be steadfast allies of those who fight for less burdensome regulation and more robust economic growth .
OK its me again .
9:22 - Sarah is talking about taking on the oil companies in Alaska .
I can maybe add some insite , she did it all right .
She kept tellin em you should drill more and give us more money !
And they tried to say no , but then she made em .
And you know what ?
It definitely made things a little uncomfortable when I took her to my office xmas party at BP ( at least until everyone had had a few ) .
She is a tough cookie , take it from me .
9:30 - OK , got a little lost there .
I think that energy independence is going to prevent people from going bankrupt ?
I never claimed to be as smart as Sarah , she is definitely the brains in the family .
Sometimes I cant really follow what shes saying , its at such a high level I hardly understand a word .
9:34 - I will never understand why the democrat party cannot for the life of them pronounce the work nucular .
9:36 - OK on to homos .
I got nothing against em I guess .
Sarah is even more open minded , in fact one of her best friends is a gay .
But shes right , marriage is between a man and a woman .
Or between a man or a woman and Jesus , I guess ( if one of them is a priest or nun ) .
9:42 - Ive been on the campaign trail for a while now , and I can tell you I am so sick of Iraq .
I think everyone else is too , but that doesnt mean we can stop , it just means we want to stop hearing so much about it !
Its like when you sign up for a record club but then they jack up the price and you cant stop paying , they 'll just hire a collection agency !
You gotta just keep sending those checks until its over .
Iraq is like that .
You just have to try not to think about it too much except when you 're enjoying the Toby Keith CDs or oil or whatever .
9:49 - Shoutout to Hank Kissinger !
Hell yeah , Hank !
He must of been tickled by that .
Sarah and I have both become really good friends with him , I could tell you some stories about what that boy gets up to but I probably shouldnt , all I 'll say is the man can hold his liquor .
9:51 - Biden just mentioned Spain , I think that is his first major slip up .
America knows the score about Spain ... and we 're sick of it !
You dont want to associate with those people Mr. Biden .
Bad move .
10:01 - Oh man .
Does anyone know how late is this supposed to go ?
I 'm trying to pay attention to all this stuff about nukes but honestly it 's just reminding me that War Games was on TBS earlier today .
That movie is all right .
I talked to Sarah about it after , we agreed when she 's elected she should definitely put a stop to that missile computer stuff .
10:08 - Team of mavericks !
Like when batman teams up with catwoman !
I think that is the image America is going to come away with tonight .
10:17 - OK flipped away for a while , the History channel is showing Tombstone !!!
I hope this wraps up soon , they hadnt gotten to the part where everybody gets shot but its coming up !
10:29 - I could n't resist , I watched some more .
In my defense Wyatt Earp is also pretty much a maverick .
But back to the debate , I think it was a good closing statement .
The one point I think it was really good for Sarah to make was about the main streamed media , they have been against us from the start .
Well I suppose I got a little impatient toward the end there , but man these things are long .
I think Sarah won it but then I never had any doubt .
Way to go baby , tonight you were America 's " huckleberry " !
This is a post about hemorrhoids .
Does that gross you out ?
Because guess what , someday you might have a human being burst through your pussy and you will probably crap all over it in the process , so grow up .
Our bodies are gross .
This column is about that .
But it is also a touching tale of a doctor named Wang , and how he liberated the bowels of the woman he loves .
And no it was not written by me , it was written by someone we 'll call Poshterior Spice , and you can thank Intern Cheryl for the high art .
Advertisement
In retrospect , I wonder if looking at the toilet paper after I wipe is something that I have always done and did n't really think about , or if I just I looked that day , because I sensed something was wrong .
Suffice it to say , I did look at the toilet paper , and there was blood on it .
It was not a lot of blood , and it was bright red , which even I know meant the bleeding was not internal .
Still , any kind of blood coming from your ass is alarming .
" Holy shit , " I thought .
" I have anal cancer . "
Then I immediately thought of Farrah Fawcett , which was annoying .
Has my brain been so corrupted by tabloids that I can't even think about cancer without invoking a celebrity ?
And wait — how did I even know Farrah Fawcett had anal cancer ?
Who had printed that ?
Must have been Star .
How awful for her .
Because let 's face it , while all cancer is horrific anal cancer has the added bonus of being really really really embarrassing .
The only disease I can think of that is actually more embarrassing than anal cancer is Elephantitis of the balls , which is , at least , fun to say .
I bet Farrah first discovered she had anal cancer just like this I thought moodily , sitting on the toilet .
The stars , so like us !
I pictured her all skinny and scared , clutching a piece of soiled toilet paper and wondering if she could trust her doctor or make him sign a nondisclosure agreement .
Advertisement
I decided I would not tell anyone about what I had seen in the bathroom .
I intuitively grasped that " I have unexplained rectal bleeding , " is not a phrase that anyone wants to hear .
The Internet was of little help :
My rectal bleeding could be caused by hemroids , it said , but hemroids are more of a male problem .
What I probably have is anal cancer .
I would just wait it out , I said to myself , and adopted the strategy , oft - employed by those of us with insufficient healthcare plans , of deep denial .
Either the condition , whatever it was , would go away , or rivers of blood would come pouring out my anus and I 'd be forced to take action .
I conducted the rest of the day 's activities with the solemn dignity of Mandy Moore in Walk to Remember , taking care to be extra pleasant to my coworkers so that they would say nice things about me when I died ( of unknown causes ) .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Several days passed , and I forgot all about the blood and the cancer .
I resumed being antisocial and sarcastic at the office .
Then , perhaps inevitably , I had to shit again .
That night I woke up from a dream about a picnic hosted by Ryan O'Neal sweating and panicked .
I dialed the hospital and was assigned an appointment with a Dr. Wang .
I joked on the phone that this will be the first wang I 've ever had in my butt .
Silence .
" Er , great then , " I stammered .
" Thanks . "
Why .
Why do I try to joke with the colo-rectal people ?
What is wrong with me ?
Advertisement
After listening patiently to my hysterical tirade against medical message board Chicken Littles and Star , Dr. Wang instructed me lie on my side , facing away from him .
" I 'm going to tell you everything I 'm doing , so they 'll be no surprises , " he said .
I heard the squirting of KY .
" I'm inserting a small camera into your rectum now , " he said soothingly , as though this happens all the time .
" I can that there 's no internal bleeding .
I can see hard stool up there . "
Advertisement
" Is it possible to take prints home ? " I asked .
Why do I do this ?
But Dr. Wang chuckled .
Yay !
" Now I 'm going to insert this , so I can see the edge of your rectum , " he says .
He dangles a metal object shaped like a large crooked index finger in front of me .
It looks like a prop from Terminator 3 : Rise of the Machines .
Advertisement
" Oh , " I say meekly .
Moments later , I sense that even if I get really poor , selling my anal virginity on eBay is no longer an option .
" You have hemorrhoids , " said Dr. Wang , as I sheepishly adjust my clothes .
" I thought only 60 - year - old men got hemorrhoids , " I said .
He shakes his head .
" Many more women get them than men , actually , " he said .
" But no one ever wants to talk about it . "
He says this with a trace of bitterness .
Dr. Wang can find no one who wants to talk about their ass with him !
How sad he must be .
Advertisement
Apparently , women have a lot more problems with constipation than men , and when you strain to pass a bowel movement , it causes blood vessels in your butt to swell .
If you remain constipated , and thusly your shits are hard , it irritates the swelling and the swollen blood vessels tear , which causes the bleeding .
It 's very common in women in their twenties and thirties , especially those who , like me , take birth control pills .
" No one ever tells you this ! " I said .
" They should show you a film strip in school !
The Second Period . "
Advertisement
" I know , " Dr. Wang said glumly .
While Dr. Wang talked about how softening the stool with fiber and over - the - counter stool softeners will relieve the hemroids , I tried to maintain eye contact , because it must be hard to be a colorectal surgeon who no one ever wants to make eye contact with .
He seemed to appreciate this and opened up a little .
Advertisement
" When I first met my wife , she only had a bowel movement around once a week , " he said .
" She used to get bloated , to cry out from the pain .
And she 's little , like you !
She 's thin .
I used to say to her , I can feel the stool when I press on your belly . "
This , I think , has to be the most romantic thing any man has said to a woman .
" I started her on fiber supplements , " he said proudly , " the drink , not the pills .
The pills barely do anything .
In a few weeks , she was much better . "
He pressed a package of Konsyl into my hands and smiled paternally .
Advertisement
Dr. Wang and his wife have been married for eight years , and in all that time she has been hemorrhoid - free .
Now , he says , she shits at least every other day .
NEW YORK ( Reuters Health ) - Children whose mothers used cell phones frequently during pregnancy and who are themselves cell phone users are more likely to have behavior problems , new research shows .
File photo shows a pregnant woman reading her ballot paper through a curtain in a booth at a polling station organized at a maternity hospital in the Ukrainian capital Kiev , October 31 , 2004 .
REUTERS / Mykhailo Markiv
The finding “ certainly should n’t be over interpreted , but nevertheless points in a direction where further research is needed , ” Dr. Leeka Kheifets of the UCLA School of Public Health , who helped conduct the study , told Reuters Health .
“ It ’s a wonderful technology and people are certainly going to be using it more and more , ” she added .
“ We need to be looking into what are the potential health effects and what are ways to reduce risks should there be any . ”
Kheifets and her team looked at a group of 13,159 children whose mothers had been recruited to participate in the Danish National Birth Cohort study early in their pregnancies .
When the children reached age 7 , mothers were asked to complete a questionnaire about their children ’s behavior and health , as well as the mother ’s own cell phone use in pregnancy and the child ’s use of cell phones .
After the researchers adjusted for factors that could influence the results , such as a mother ’s psychiatric problems and socioeconomic factors , children with both prenatal and postnatal cell phone exposure were 80 percent more likely to have abnormal or borderline scores on tests evaluating emotional problems , conduct problems , hyperactivity , or problems with peers .
Risks were higher for children exposed prenatally only , compared with those exposed only postnatally , but were lower than for children exposed at both time points .
Kheifets and her colleagues note that a fetus ’s exposure to radiofrequency fields by a mother ’s cell phone use is likely very small .
However , they add , research has shown that children using cell phones are exposed to more radiofrequency energy than adults , because their ears and brains are smaller .
Because cell phone use was so infrequent among children in the study - 30 percent of kids were using a cell phone , but just 1 percent used a cell phone for more than an hour a week - radiofrequency exposure seems unlikely to have caused any behavior problems , they say .
“ Another possible explanation for the observed association might be the lack of attention given to a child by mothers who are frequent users of cell phones , ” the researchers suggest .
They note that mothers who used cell phones frequently were of lower socio- occupational status , more likely to have mental health and psychiatric problems , and more likely to have smoked while they were pregnant .
No matter what the factors behind the association are - if there indeed is a real relationship between cell phone use and behavior problems -- one simple way to reduce exposure to cell phones would be to use hands - free technology , Kheifets said in an interview .
Editorialists writing in the journal raise the question of whether the publication of these findings may scare people for no reason .
Kheifets and her team believe that while their findings are preliminary , they should be reported .
“ We felt that the public is quite capable of dealing with proper information , ” the researcher said .
“ One should n’t really try to be paternalistic about it . ”
SOURCE : Epidemiology , July 2008 .
RALEIGH , North Carolina  College presidents from about 100 of the best - known U.S. universities , including Duke , Dartmouth and Ohio State , are calling on lawmakers to consider lowering the drinking age from 21 to 18 , saying current laws actually encourage dangerous binge drinking on campus .
The movement called the Amethyst Initiative began quietly recruiting presidents more than a year ago to provoke national debate about the U.S. drinking age , which is among the highest in the world .
" This is a law that is routinely evaded , " said John McCardell , former president of Middlebury College in Vermont who started the organization .
" It is a law that the people at whom it is directed believe is unjust and unfair and discriminatory . "
Other prominent schools in the group include Syracuse , Tufts , Colgate , Kenyon and Morehouse .
But even before the presidents begin the public phase of their efforts , which may include publishing newspaper ads in the coming weeks , they are already facing sharp criticism .
Mothers Against Drunk Driving says lowering the drinking age would lead to more fatal car crashes .
It accuses the presidents of misrepresenting science and looking for an easy way out of an inconvenient problem .
MADD officials are even urging parents to think carefully about the safety of colleges whose presidents have signed on .
" It 's very clear the 21 - year - old drinking age will not be enforced at those campuses , " said Laura Dean - Mooney , national president of MADD .
Both sides agree alcohol abuse by college students is a huge problem .
Research has found more than 40 % of college students reported at least one symptom of alcohol abuse or dependance .
One study has estimated more than 500,000 full - time students at four - year colleges suffer injuries each year related in some way to drinking , and about 1,700 die in such accidents .
A recent Associated Press analysis of federal records found that 157 college - age people , 18 to 23 , drank themselves to death from 1999 through 2005 .
Moana Jagasia , a Duke University sophomore from Singapore , where the drinking age is lower , said reducing the age in the U.S. could be helpful .
" There is n't that much difference in maturity between 21 and 18 , " she said .
" If the age is younger , you 're getting exposed to it at a younger age , and you do n't freak out when you get to campus . "
McCardell 's group takes its name from ancient Greece , where the purple gemstone amethyst was widely believed to ward off drunkenness if used in drinking vessels and jewelry .
He said college students will drink no matter what , but do so more dangerously when it 's illegal .
The statement the presidents have signed avoids calling explicitly for a younger drinking age .
Rather , it seeks " an informed and dispassionate debate " over the issue and the federal highway law that made 21 the de facto national drinking age by denying money to any state that bucks the trend .
But the statement makes clear the signers think the current law is n't working , citing a " culture of dangerous , clandestine binge - drinking , " and noting that while adults under 21 can vote and enlist in the military , they " are told they are not mature enough to have a beer . "
Furthermore , " by choosing to use fake IDs , students make ethical compromises that erode respect for the law . "
But some college administrators sharply disagree that lowering the drinking age would help .
University of Miami President Donna Shalala , who served as secretary of health and human services under President Bill Clinton , declined to sign .
" I remember college campuses when we had 18 - year - old drinking ages , and I honestly believe we 've made some progress , " Shalala said in a telephone interview .
" To just shift it back down to the high schools makes no sense at all . "
Another scholar who has extensively researched college binge - drinking also criticized the presidents ' initiative .
" I understand why colleges are doing it , because it splits their students , and they like to treat them all alike rather than having to card some of them .
It 's a nuisance to them , " said Henry Wechsler of the Harvard School of Public Health .
But , " I wish these college presidents sat around and tried to work out ways to deal with the problem on their campus rather than try to eliminate the problem by defining it out of existence , " he said .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Hey Cat Lady !
Ever become just instantly uninterested in someone you thought was hot at the supermarket by the contents of their shopping cart ?
It would seem that this is the case for our two protagonists .
WASHINGTON  Despite an intense effort to distance himself from the way his party has done business in Washington , Senator John McCain is seen by voters as far less likely to bring change to Washington than Senator Barack Obama .
He is widely viewed as a “ typical Republican ” who would continue or expand President Bush ’s policies , according to the latest New York Times / CBS News poll .
Polls taken after the Republican convention suggested that Mr. McCain had enjoyed a surge of support  particularly among white women after his selection of Gov. Sarah Palin of Alaska as his running mate  but the latest poll indicates “ the Palin effect ” was , at least so far , a limited burst of interest .
The contest appeared to be roughly where it was before the two conventions and before the vice - presidential selections : Mr. Obama had the support of 48 percent of registered voters , compared with 43 percent for Mr. McCain , a difference within the poll ’s margin of sampling error , and statistically unchanged from the tally in the last New York Times / CBS News poll , in mid-August .
The poll showed that Mr. McCain had some enduring strengths , including a substantial advantage over Mr. Obama as a potential commander in chief .
It found that for the first time , 50 percent of those surveyed in the Times / CBS News poll said they considered that the troop buildup in Iraq , a policy that Mr. McCain championed from the start , had made things better there .
The poll also underlined the extent to which Mr. McCain ’s convention , and his selection of Ms. Palin , had excited Republican base voters about his candidacy , which is no small thing in a contest that continues to be so tight : 47 percent of Mr. McCain ’s supporters described themselves as enthused about the Republican Party ’s presidential ticket , almost twice what it was before the conventions .
As often happens at this time of year , partisans are coalescing around their party ’s nominees and independents are increasingly the battleground .
Cheney : Russia 's invasion of Georgia ' must not go unanswered '
WASHINGTON - Vice President Dick Cheney says Russia 's military actions in Georgia " must not go unanswered . "
Cheney spoke Sunday afternoon with Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili .
" The vice president expressed the United States ' solidarity with the Georgian people and their democratically elected government in the face of this threat to Georgia 's sovereignty and territorial integrity , " Cheney 's press secretary , Lee Ann McBride , said .
Cheney told Saakashvili " Russian aggression must not go unanswered , and that its continuation would have serious consequences for its relations with the United States , as well as the broader international community , " McBride said .
A new study , published in the journal Science , describes 9 cases of children severely infected with common bacteria due to a deficiency in the MyD88 gene -- key to innate protection against infections .
From the moment we are born , we all come into continuous contact with microbes that can cause disease .
To deal with them , we have a highly effective immune system that allows our bodies to identify and eliminate agents that cause infections .
Part of this mechanism is innate ( already present at the time of birth ) and the remaining part improves as we come into contact with new pathogens .
From birth , the immune system reacts to infection with an inflammatory response that cause fever , pain , and an increased number of white blood cells in the blood , together with dilation of the blood vessels in the affected area .
This reaction serves to isolate and destroy the pathogen and is a warning that something is wrong .
An international study , which involved the participation of Hospital Germans Trias ( pediatrics and immunology ) , Hospital Clínic ( immunology ) and Hospital Sant Joan de Déu ( pediatrics ) in Barcelona and Hospital Dr. Negrín in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria , has identified a strange disease in which the innate immune system works in an irregular fashion .
The study describes 9 cases of children severely infected by common bacteria , specifically pneumococci and staphylococci , who do not react to the infection with an inflammatory response ; that is , they have no fever and there is no detected increase in the number of white blood cells in the blood .
By the time they see a doctor , the infection is widespread .
In fact , 3 of the children , aged between 1 and 11 months , died .
The most curious aspect is that the affected children were able to see off other infections and responded to vaccines and antibiotics .
This means that their immune system was able to detect other microbes and stimulate the production of antibodies .
A genetic analysis of the children finally revealed a deficiency in a gene , known as my D88 , which is essential for correctly identifying the presence of an infection caused by pathogens and responding to it .
In order to make sure that this was the true cause of the disease , the researchers used genetically modified animals with this gene altered .
Unlike the affected children , the animals were susceptible to a large number of pathogens , not just pneumococci and staphylococci .
This suggests that the human immune system has alternative mechanisms to compensate for the MyD88 deficiency .
Another suspicion of the study 's authors is that the affected children will improve with age .
New research is needed to confirm these hypotheses .
The 6 surviving patients are now aged between 3 and 16 years .
They are being treated with antibiotics effective against pneumococcus and staphylococcus infections and lead a normal life .
The study was coordinated by researchers from the Necker hospital in Paris ( attached to the INSERM ) and , as well as the 4 Spanish centres , the study included participation by centres from the US , Thailand , Turkey , Portugal , France , UK , Hungary , Israel and Canada .
Three of the children were diagnosed at Hospital Germans Trias , 2 at Hospital Sant Joan de Déu , 2 in Portugal , 1 in France , and 1 in Turkey .
They are the latest celebrity accessory , but tiny ' handbag ' dogs are being bred in conditions of horrific cruelty
The cruel irony , as this report reveals , is that the early lives of many of these pets could not be further from their pampered image
Puppy love : Paris Hilton signs an autograph at a Gay Pride Parade , with her trademark pooch Tinkerbell
By Paul Bracchi for the Daily Mail
The pint - sized bichon frise has a diamond - studded collar and luxury pink sweater in her wardrobe .
Bichon frise , as dog enthusiasts may know , means ' curly lapdog ' in French , and Daisy certainly fits neatly on Coleen 's lap , under her arm or in her handbag .
Such is the popularity of ' handbag dogs ' that designers such as Ralph Lauren , Louis Vuitton , Dolce & Gabbana and Gucci have responded by making dog carriers that resemble handbags costing from hundreds to thousands of pounds .
Geri Halliwell is rarely seen without her shihtzu , Harry ; Paris Hilton has Tinkerbell , the chihuahua ; Britney Spears has not one , but three chihuahuas , Lucky , Lacy and Bit-Bit .
Kate Hudson loves Pomeranians , Eva Longoria Parker prefers pugs and Jessica Simpson has a maltipoo ( a Maltese poodle ) .
Madonna , Lady Victoria Hervey , Scarlett Johansson , Venus Williams and Kelly Osbourne , meanwhile , are also paid - up members of the ' handbag dog ' club .
These pampered pooches used to be the canine companion of choice of ladies who lunch .
The new celebrity owners have made them popular with women of all classes - young and old - and sales have soared .
Statistics from
The Kennel Club show that more than 1,700 long - coated chihuahuas alone were registered last year , up 50 per cent since 2005 , along with another 1,143 of their smooth - coated cousins - an 84 per cent rise .
It is a similar story for other ' toy dog ' breeds .
But behind the phenomenon of ' handbag dogs ' is the cruellest of ironies .
The early lives of many of these pets could not be further from that pampered image .
For pampering plays little part in the brutal , mercenary world of puppy trafficking .
' Trafficking ' is a word normally associated with drug dealers and people smugglers .
But it has been chosen by organisations like the RSPCA to describe the ruthless trade in dogs such as chihuahuas , shih - tzus and bichon frises .
It 's a question of economics - supply and demand .
Reputable breeders cannot meet the increased demand .
Unscrupulous ones can .
They can sell to dealers for a fraction of the market price - ' handbag ' puppies can cost more than £ 1,000 - and still make a fat profit .
It is easy to do so when such animals , reared on ' puppy farms ' in Wales and Ireland , are often deprived of a proper diet , clean water , sanitation and space .
Puppy farms may sound like idyllic havens .
In fact , they have only one purpose : profit .
Bitches are treated far worse that battery hens .
At least those hens are not deprived of proper diet , clean water , sanitation and space .
By the time these poor dogs go on sale at pet shops and kennels or are advertised on the internet , they have been transported hundreds of miles in the back of a cramped van or lorry and have changed hands several times .
They spend their lives imprisoned in tiny cages
Such dogs are likely to suffer from physical deformities , behavioural difficulties and general ill - health .
We saw the evidence with our own eyes at Petsville International in Kingston , Surrey , where 20 puppies , including chihuahuas , shih - tzus and pugs , were kept in wire - mesh cages stacked almost from floor to ceiling .
One dog stood out - a chihuahua with a price tag of £ 1,110 .
It was in a pathetic state .
Can animals cry ?
This dog certainly looked like it was .
It had weepy , streaming eyes , and terrible whimpering sounds were coming from its cell - sorry , pen .
' It clearly had an eye infection , an ingrown eyelash or some eye problem , ' said the ex-veterinary nurse who accompanied us to the shop .
' It also had an " undershot " jaw , which means its bottom jaw is longer than its top jaw , and it possibly had worms .
The animal needs to see a vet as soon as possible . '
When asked whether the chihuahua was sick , the shop assistant replied : ' No , she 's fine . '
The assistant was unable to give accurate ages for any of the puppies on display , when they had arrived in the shop and which paperwork related to which dog .
There was only one thing he could say for certain : they came from Ireland .
Caged : A pug bitch on the Bolands ' puppy farm in Ireland
The identity of the breeder on such documents as there were was unreadable , but it was likely to have said ' John Boland ' .
Or someone very much like him .
John Boland Jnr runs Ireland 's - possibly Europe's - biggest puppy farm with his father in County Offaly , off the main road between Dublin and Galway .
We wanted to ask him about the chihuahua back at Petsville in Kingston , and all the other godforsaken outlets he has supplied over the years , and the plight of up to 1,500 dogs kept in breeze - block sheds on his land .
Unsurprisingly , Mr Boland Jnr was not in the mood to answer any questions when we called on him this week .
' I 'll tell you what you can do , you can get off my land , get out of my house , and f*** off back to England .
F *** you , f*** off back to England , ' he said before giving us the V - sign for good measure .
If only the stars who are inadvertently fuelling the trade in toy breeds could visit this place .
Almost every kind of dog is here .
But the Bolands now specialise in the handbag variety .
It 's where the biggest profits are to be made , after all .
' I can get you whatever type of pup you want , ' Mr Boland 's father boasted to one customer recently .
' We are all in it to make money .
The more pups we sell , the better . '
Do animals cry ?
It seemed as if this one did
The 3 ft - by - 3ft pens contain as many as four puppies .
Some of the faces we saw peering through the mesh belonged to pugs .
Shih - tzus , bichon frises and other breeds , which also appear in glossy magazines and on the red carpet with their celebrity owners , are waiting to be sold to dealers for £ 250 to £ 550 .
The Irish Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals ( ISPCA ) maintain the Bolands are exploiting a loophole in Irish law that allows puppy farms to operate unregulated .
In Britain , the law says a bitch over eight cannot be used for breeding and no bitch can produce more than one litter a year , and no more than six litters in a lifetime .
No such rules exist in Ireland .
It 's the canine equivalent of the Wild West .
So bitches on the Boland farm can be used , quite legally , as breeding machines , forced to have litter after litter , leaving the mother weak , exhausted and prone to illness .
They can spend their entire lives pacing back and forth in their pens to cope with the distress and boredom .
Some , say experts , even lose the ability to bark .
Because no one ever comes when they do , they have simply given up trying .
Their puppies are about eight weeks old when they are sold to dealers and packed into the back of vans for the start of a gruelling journey to Britain .
The Special Operations Unit of the RSPCA intercepted one such cargo at Holyhead .
Thirty dogs , including shih - tzus , had been loaded into cages and stacked in shelves in the back of a Mercedes van .
By then , they had spent two hours being driven from the Boland farm to Dublin port , another hour waiting on the quayside to board a ferry , and a further three hours on the boat .
Yet the dealer escaped prosecution because he had a fan in his van and was still under the 12 - hour time .
Where was the van 's final destination ?
The south - east of England , and businesses like Petsville International .
There are similar premises in High Streets - and backstreets - up and down the country .
Almost all of them now stock ' handbag dogs ' .
Petsville has another branch in nearby Sutton .
The shop has been forced to refund at least one customer whose dog later became ill .
The council received 19 complaints - mainly concerning animal welfare - about the premises , which inspectors visited 16 times in 2006 .
Another link in the Irish puppy trafficking chain can be found in a building down a dirt track in Wickford , Essex .
Nearly 40 dogs are kept here , among them a bichon frise , shih - tzu and a chihuahua - cross .
This is Dobe Farm Kennels , run by Loretta Toye .
Toye was unavailable when the Mail , posing as a buyer , visited to inquire about a bichon frise advertised on the internet for £ 450 .
A young woman claiming to be her daughter insisted : ' We have all the documentation . '
But when we asked to see the dog's mother , as recommended by the RSPCA , she replied : ' That 's not possible .
We got the dog from Ireland , from a breeder . '
Complaints against Toye , who has also used the name Bastin , go back 20 years .
Dogs bought from her in the past have died within days of being collected .
Others needed expensive veterinary treatment .
In 2004 , Toye was prosecuted by Essex County Council Trading Standards for selling fake pedigree stock and providing bogus vaccination certificates .
She was fined and banned from selling ' substandard ' goods .
Scandalously , many might think , she still has a pet shop licence .
So where do the stars actually buy their pets ?
Well , Coleen McLoughlin acquired her bichon frise from Dogs4Us in Manchester , a superstore selling everything from doggy hoodies to quilted velvet carriers .
Photographs of celebrity customers are displayed inside .
The most prominent is Coleen with Daisy .
Dogs4Us , which has a sister branch in Leeds , could not be more different to the dingy outlets where many puppies like Daisy end up .
The most recent accounts for Dogs4Us , covering the year to December 2006 , show a turnover of more than £ 2.9 million .
Nevertheless , there have been complaints about the health of puppies bought from this outlet .
' The Leeds branch has been open only since the start of July , but we are already seeing up to three sick puppies a week at my practice , ' said one veterinary nurse .
' That is more than we get from any other petshop in the city .
Most come in suffering from vomiting and diarrhoea . '
One of the breeders which has supplied Dogs4Us is based in Wales , a notorious puppy - farming area .
The breeder in question is Sylvia Jones , who lives in the hamlet of New Inn in West Wales .
Mrs Jones owns 30 breeding bitches .
Puppies , including bichon frises like Daisy , are housed in a converted garage adjoining her house .
The animals are kept in metal cages - three to a cage - measuring about three - and - a - half feet by three - and - a - half feet .
Some dogs are kept in the dark just to save on electricity
Mrs Jones , it should be stressed , is a licensed breeder .
A licenced breeder is a breeder who is licenced by the local authority .
This means they are subjected to a rigorous annual inspection .
But is this really any different from a puppy farm ?
The RSPCA and animal welfare group Puppy Love think not .
Breeders like Mrs Jones , who sells to ' intermediaries ' rather than direct to the public , and who breeds five different breeds ( most reputable breeders specialise in one or two ) are , in effect , puppy farms .
Mrs Jones , a grandmother in her 60s , admitted she had ' no idea ' where many of her pups end up .
Dogs4Us owner Ray McCadden said only five puppies had ever been obtained from Mrs Jones .
He denied Dogs4Us had any dealings with puppy farms , but declined to reveal the names of the breeders it does use .
' The majority of our puppies come from licensed breeders ( which are subject to unannounced visits from environmental health officials ) throughout the UK .
' When puppies arrive here with us they are checked by a vet , vaccinated , microchipped and monitored , ' said McCadden .
' All puppies carry a six - month guarantee against congenital defect or illness .
So our vet would carry out treatment free of charge . '
Even so , a Facebook group called Boycott Dogs4Us has now been formed and already has 243 members .
' The market for handbag dogs has risen because of celebrity owners , ' said the RSPCA 's Andy Robbins .
' But this has led to an increase in the number of unscrupulous breeders and traders .
' These people are interested only in profit , so every penny spent on bedding , food or water is seen as a waste .
Some are even kept in the dark to save on electricity . '
' How much is that doggy in the window ? ' asks the provocative leaflet published by one animal welfare group highlighting the plight of handbag dogs .
If we did n't know the real price such animals are paying for their popularity before , we do now .
Comprehending Engineers
Comprehending Engineers - Take One
Two engineering students were walking across campus when one said , " Where did you get such a great bike ? "
The second engineer replied , " Well , I was walking along yesterday minding my own business when a beautiful woman rode up on this bike .
She threw the bike to the ground , took off all her clothes and said , " Take what you want . "
The second engineer nodded approvingly , " Good choice ; the clothes probably would n't have fit . "
Comprehending Engineers - Take Two
To the optimist , the glass is half full .
To the pessimist , the glass is half - empty .
To the engineer , the glass is twice as big as it needs to be .
Comprehending Engineers - Take Three
A pastor , a doctor and an engineer were waiting one morning for a particularly slow group of golfers .
The engineer fumed , " What 's with these guys ?
We must have been waiting for 15 minutes ! "
The doctor chimed in , " I do n't know , but I 've never seen such ineptitude ! "
The pastor said , " Hey , here comes the greenskeeper .
Let 's have a word with him . "
" Hey George .
Say , what 's with that group ahead of us ?
They 're rather slow , are n't they ? "
The greenskeeper replied , " Oh , yes , that 's a group of blind firefighters .
They lost their sight saving our clubhouse from a fire last year , so we always let them play for free anytime . "
The group was silent for a moment .
The pastor said , " That 's so sad .
I think I will say a special prayer for them tonight . "
The doctor said , " Good idea .
And I 'm going to contact my ophthalmologist buddy and see if there 's anything he can do for them . "
The engineer said , " Why ca n't these guys play at night ? "
Comprehending Engineers - Take Four
There was an engineer who had an exceptional gift for fixing all things mechanical .
After serving his company loyally for over 30 years , he happily retired .
Several years later the company contacted him regarding a seemingly impossible problem they were having with one of their multimillion - dollar machines .
They had tried everything and everyone else to get the machine to work but to no avail .
In desperation , they called on the retired , engineer who had solved so many of their problems in the past .
The engineer reluctantly took the challenge .
He spent a day studying the huge machine .
At the end of the day , he marked a small " x " in chalk on particular component of the machine and stated , " This is where your problem is " .
The part was replaced and the machine worked perfectly again .
The company received a bill for $ 50,000 from the engineer for his service .
They demanded an itemized accounting of his charges .
The engineer responded briefly :
One chalk mark $ 1 - knowing where to put it $ 49,999 .
It was paid in full and the engineer retired again in peace .
Comprehending Engineers - Take Five
What is the difference between Mechanical Engineers and Civil Engineers ?
Mechanical Engineers build weapons .
Civil Engineers build targets .
Comprehending Engineers - Take Six
The graduate with a Science degree asks , " Why does it work ? "
The graduate with an Engineering degree asks , " How does it work ? "
The graduate with an Accounting degree asks , " How much will it cost ? "
The graduate with a Liberal Arts degree asks , " Do you want fries with that ? "
Comprehending Engineers - Take Seven
" Normal people ... believe that if it ain't broke , do n't fix it .
Engineers believe that if it ain't broke , it does n't have enough features yet . "
Comprehending Engineers - Take Eight
An engineer was crossing a road one - day when a frog called out to him and said , " If you kiss me , I 'll turn into a beautiful princess " .
He bent over , picked up the frog and put it in his pocket .
The frog spoke up again and said , " If you kiss me and turn me back into a beautiful princess , I will stay with you for one week . "
The engineer took the frog out of his pocket , smiled at it and returned it to the pocket .
The frog then cried out , " If you kiss me and turn me back into a princess , I 'll stay with you and do ANYTHING you want . "
Again the engineer took the frog out , smiled at it and put it back into his pocket .
Finally , the frog asked , " What is the matter ?
I 've told you I 'm a beautiful princess that I 'll stay with you for a week and do anything you want .
Why wo n't you kiss me ? "
The engineer said , " Look I 'm an engineer .
I do n't have time for a girlfriend , but a talking frog , now that 's cool . "
The existence of a secret , CIA - run prison on the island of Diego Garcia in the Indian Ocean has long been a leaky secret in the “ War on Terror , ” and today ’s revelations in TIME — based on disclosures by a “ senior American official ” ( now retired ) , who was “ a frequent participant in White House Situation Room meetings ” after the 9/11 attacks , and who reported that “ a CIA counter - terrorism official twice said that a high - value prisoner or prisoners were being interrogated on the island ” — will come as no surprise to those who have been studying the story closely .
The news will , however , be an embarrassment to the US government , which has persistently denied claims that it operated a secret “ War on Terror ” prison on Diego Garcia , and will be a source of even more consternation to the British government , which is more closely bound than its law - shredding Transatlantic neighbor to international laws and treaties preventing any kind of involvement whatsoever in kidnapping , “ extraordinary rendition ” and the practice of torture .
This is not the first time that TIME has exposed the existence of a secret prison on Diego Garcia .
In 2003 , the magazine broke the story that Hambali , one of 14 “ high - value detainees ” transferred to Guantánamo in September 2006 , was being held there , and in the years since confirmation has also come from other sources .
Twice , in 2004 and 2006 , Barry McCaffrey , a retired four - star US general , who is now professor of international security studies at the West Point military academy , revealed the prison ’s existence .
In May 2004 , he blithely declared on MSNBC ’s Deborah Norville Tonight , “ We ’re probably holding around 3,000 people , you know , Bagram air field , Diego Garcia , Guantánamo , 16 camps throughout Iraq , ” and in December 2006 he spoke out again , saying , in an NPR interview with Robert Siegel , “ They ’re behind bars … we ’ve got them on Diego Garcia , in Bagram air field , in Guantánamo . ”
The prison ’s existence was also confirmed by Dick Marty , a Swiss senator who produced a detailed report on “ extraordinary rendition ” for the Council of Europe in June 2007 ( PDF ) and by Manfred Novak , the UN ’s Special Rapporteur on Torture , in March this year .
Having spoken to senior CIA officers during his research , Marty told the European Parliament , “ We have received concurring confirmations that United States agencies have used Diego Garcia , which is the international legal responsibility of the UK , in the ‘ processing ’ of high - value detainees , ” and Manfred Novak explained to the Observer that “ he had received credible evidence from well - placed sources familiar with the situation on the island that detainees were held on Diego Garcia between 2002 and 2003 . ”
The penultimate piece of the jigsaw puzzle came in May , when El Pais broke the story that “ ghost prisoner ” Mustafa Setmariam Nasar , whose current whereabouts are unknown , was imprisoned on the island in 2005 , shortly after his capture in Pakistan — although the English - speaking press failed to notice .
Despite these previous disclosures , today ’s article , by Adam Zagorin , is particularly striking because of the high - level nature of the source , and his admission that “ the CIA officer surprised attendees by volunteering the information , apparently to demonstrate that the agency was doing its best to obtain valuable intelligence . ”
In addition , the source noted that “ the US may also have kept prisoners on ships within Diego Garcia ’s territorial waters , a contention the US has long denied . ”
Zagorin also spoke to Richard Clarke ( at the time the National Security Council ’s Special Advisor to President Bush regarding counter - terrorism ) , who explained , “ In my presence , in the White House , the possibility of using Diego Garcia for detaining high value targets was discussed . ”
Although Clarke “ did not witness a final resolution of the issue , ” he added , “ Given everything that we know about the administration ’s approach to the law on these matters , I find the report that the US did use the island for detention or interrogation entirely credible , ” and he also pointed out that using the island for interrogations or detentions without British permission “ is a violation of UK law , as well as of the bi-lateral agreement governing the island . ”
Zagorin ’s source did not name the prisoners , but it seems clear that the period he was referring to ( “ 2002 and possibly 2003 ” ) was when three particular “ high - value detainees ” — Abu Zubaydah , Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and Ramzi bin al - Shibh — are reported to have been held on the island , and it seems entirely plausible , therefore , that after these three were transferred to another secret CIA facility in Poland , the prison was used not only to hold Hambali , but also to hold the two other “ high - value detainees ” captured with him — Mohammed bin Lep ( aka Lillie ) and Mohd Farik bin Amin ( aka Zubair ) .
The addition of Mustafa Setmariam Nasar , who , it seems , may have been held into 2006 , not only confirms that a secret prison existed , but that it was possibly in use for four years straight .
These damaging revelations seal Diego Garcia ’s reputation as a quagmire of injustice .
A British sovereign territory — albeit one that was leased to the United States nearly 40 years ago , when the islanders were shamefully discarded by the British government and exiled to face destitution and death by misery in Mauritius — Diego Garcia has long been a source of shame to opponents of modern colonial activity .
Until now , however , the only admission that any activities connected with the “ War on Terror ” had taken place on the island came in February , when , after years of denials on the part of the British government , David Miliband , the Foreign Secretary , finally conceded that requests for information from his US counterparts had revealed that , in 2002 , two rendition flights had refuelled on the island .
“ In both cases , ” Miliband stated with confidence , “ a US plane with a single detainee on board refuelled at the US facility in Diego Garcia .
The detainees did not leave the plane , and the US Government has assured us that no US detainees have ever been held on Diego Garcia . ”
The British government had been provoked to action by critics within the UK , in particular the All - Party Parliamentary Group on Extraordinary Rendition , led by the Tory MP Andrew Tyrie , and the legal action charity Reprieve , which represents 30 prisoners in Guantánamo , but the story appeared to grind to a halt when Michael Hayden , the CIA ’s director , stepped forward to deny that Diego Garcia had ever been used as a “ War on Terror ” prison .
“ That is false , ” Gen .
Hayden said when asked if a secret prison had existed on Diego Garcia , adding , as the New York Times put it , that “ neither of the two detainees carried aboard the rendition flights that refuelled at Diego Garcia ‘ was ever part of the CIA ’s high - value terrorist interrogation program . ’”
He also explained that one of the detainees “ was ultimately transferred to Guantánamo , ” while the other “ was returned to his home country , ” which was identified by State Department officials as Morocco .
“ These were rendition operations , ” he added , “ nothing more . ”
Four weeks ago , however , the story resurfaced once more , as David Miliband reported the results of his latest request for information from his US counterparts .
This concerned a list of rendition flights , which , in the opinion of Reprieve and the All - Party Parliamentary Group , may also have passed through British territory , but the Foreign Secretary was confident that there was no further evidence to be mined , stating , “ The United States Government confirmed that , with the exception of two cases related to Diego Garcia in 2002 , there have been no other instances in which US intelligence flights landed in the United Kingdom , our Overseas Territories , or the Crown Dependencies , with a detainee on board since 11 September 2001 . ”
Yet again , the assurances of his US colleagues did nothing to assuage the critics .
Reprieve noted that the British government “ intentionally failed to ask the right questions of the US , and accepted implausible US assurances at face value , ” and added , presciently , “ This remains a transatlantic cover - up of epic proportions .
While the British government seems content to accept whatever nonsense it is fed by its US allies , the sordid truth about Diego Garcia ’s central role in the unjust rendition and detention of prisoners in the so - called ‘ War on Terror ’ can not be hidden forever . ”
Just three days after David Miliband ’s last attempt to draw a line under the story , the British Foreign Affairs Select Committee published its latest report on the British Overseas Territories ( PDF ) , and was scathing about Diego Garcia , declaring that “ it is deplorable that previous US assurances about rendition flights have turned out to be false .
The failure of the United States Administration to tell the truth resulted in the UK Government inadvertently misleading our Select Committee and the House of Commons .
We intend to examine further the extent of UK supervision of US activities on Diego Garcia , including all flights and ships serviced from Diego Garcia . ”
Today ’s revelations , of course , leave the US administration looking like bald - faced liars and the British government looking like myopic dupes .
Whether Michael Hayden was also duped is not known , but his strenuous denial , just five months ago , that a secret prison existed , which was manned by his own employees , will do nothing for the credibility of the US administration , which likes to pretend that it does not torture and has nothing to conceal , but is persistently discovered not only being economical with the truth , but also behaving exactly as though it has guilty secrets to hide .
Whether this scandal will awaken much indignation in the American public remains to be seen , but it is hugely damaging to the British government , which is legally responsible for the activities that take place on its territory , however much it likes to hide behind “ assurances ” from its leaseholders that they have done nothing wrong .
It scarcely seems possible , but Diego Garcia ’s dark history has suddenly grown even darker .
The prisoners held on Diego Garcia
Abu Zubaydah ( Zayn al - Abidin Muhammad Husayn ) .
Saudi , b. 1971 .
Seized in Faisalabad , Pakistan in a joint operation by Pakistani forces and the FBI on 28 March 2002 , he is regarded by the administration as a senior al - Qaeda operative and training camp facilitator , although this has been disputed by former FBI interrogator Dan Coleman , who has described him as a minor logistician with a split personality .
In February 2008 , Gen. Michael Hayden , the director of the CIA , admitted that Abu Zubaydah was one of three prisoners who had been subjected to waterboarding ( an ancient torture technique that involves controlled drowning ) in CIA custody .
Held initially in Thailand , and later in Poland , he is one of 14 “ high - value detainees ” transferred to Guantánamo in September 2006 .
At his tribunal in 2007 , he denied being a member of al - Qaeda , and made a point of mentioning that he had been tortured .
He has not yet been put forward for trial by Military Commission .
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed .
Kuwaiti / Pakistani , b. 1964 or 1965 .
The supposed mastermind of the 9/11 attacks , Mohammed ( commonly known as KSM ) was seized in Rawalpindi , Pakistan on March 1 , 2003 .
Like Abu Zubaydah , he was subjected to waterboarding , and is also presumed to have been held initially in Thailand , and later in Poland .
Transferred to Guantánamo in September 2006 , he confessed to being “ responsible for the 9/11 operation , from A to Z ” at his tribunal in 2007 , but also made a point of mentioning that he had been tortured .
He was put forward for trial by Military Commission in February , and will face the death penalty if convicted .
Rumors that KSM was held on Diego Garcia have surfaced sporadically over the years , one example being an article in the Toronto Star on July 2 , 2005 ( mirrored here ) , in which Lynda Hurst spoke to John Pike , a US defense analyst .
Pike , who told Hurst that he believed that KSM had been held on Diego Garcia , explained , “ Diego Garcia is an obvious place for a secret facility .
They want somewhere that ’s difficult to escape from , difficult to attack , not visible to prying eyes and where a lot of other activity is going on .
Diego Garcia is ideal . ”
Ramzi bin al - Shibh .
Yemeni , b. 1972 .
A friend of the Hamburg cell that led the 9/11 attacks , bin al - Shibh was seized in a raid in Karachi , Pakistan on September 11 , 2002 .
He was reportedly intended as the 20th hijacker , but was unable to obtain a visa to enter the United States , and subsequently worked closely with KSM in planning the attacks .
Transferred to Guantanamo in September 2006 , he is also presumed to have been held initially in Thailand , and later in Poland , but his presence on Diego Garcia has long been suspected , because analyses of flight records have revealed that a plane flew from Pakistan to Diego Garcia immediately after his capture .
He refused to take part in his tribunal in 2007 , but was put forward for trial by Military Commission in February , and will face the death penalty if convicted .
Hambali ( Riduan Isamuddin ) .
Indonesian , b. 1966 .
Seized in Ayutthaya , Thailand in a joint operation by Thai forces and the CIA on 11 August 2003 , he is regarded as the main link between al - Qaeda and its Indonesian counterpart , Jemaah Islamiyah ( JI ) .
He is alleged to have been one of the planners of the Bali bombings in October 2002 , which killed over 200 people , and was transferred to Guantánamo in September 2006 .
At his tribunal in 2007 , he said that he resigned from JI in 2000 , and was not involved with al - Qaeda or with any bombings or plots .
He has not yet been put forward for trial by Military Commission .
Lillie ( Mohammed Nazir bin Lep ) and Zubair ( Mohd Farik bin Amin ) .
Malaysians , seized with Hambali , little is known of these two men , beyond claims by the administration that they worked closely with Hambali , although they were both discussed in another TIME article , in October 2003 , which examined Hambali ’s interrogation logs .
They were transferred to Guantánamo in September 2006 , but have not yet been put forward for trial by Military Commission .
Mustafa Setmariam Nasar ( Abu Musab al - Suri ) .
Syrian / Spanish , b. 1958 .
Seized in Quetta , Pakistan in October 2005 and handed over to US forces a month later , he is not accused of being involved in direct attacks on US forces , but is wanted in Spain as a witness in connection with the 2004 Madrid train bombings .
Regarded as one of the most significant proponents of universal jihad , his writings include a 1600 - page book , The Global Islamic Resistance Call , which was published on the internet in 2004 .
A critic of al - Qaeda , he reportedly fell out with Osama bin Laden in 1998 , and has stated that the 9/11 attacks were catastrophic for the jihadi cause .
Unlike the six prisoners mentioned above , he was not transferred to Guantánamo in September 2006 , and it is not known , therefore , whether he is being held in a secret CIA prison or if he has been rendered to a third country .
Andy Worthington is the author of The Guantánamo Files : The Stories of the 774 Detainees in America ’s Illegal Prison , which includes extensive chapters on rendition and secret prisons .
The book is published by Pluto Press , distributed by Macmillan in the US , and available from Amazon — click on the following for the US and the UK .
To receive new articles in your inbox , please subscribe to my RSS feed , and see here for my definitive Guantánamo prisoner list , published in March 2009 .
As published on Antiwar.com , Indymedia , CounterPunch and ZNet .
An edited version was published on the Huffington Post .
For a sequence of articles dealing with the use of torture by the CIA , on “ high - value detainees , ” and in the secret prisons , see : Guantánamo ’s tangled web : Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , Majid Khan , dubious US convictions , and a dying man ( July 2007 ) , Jane Mayer on the CIA ’s “ black sites , ” condemnation by the Red Cross , and Guantánamo ’s “ high - value ” detainees ( including Khalid Sheikh Mohammed ) ( August 2007 ) , Waterboarding : two questions for Michael Hayden about three “ high - value ” detainees now in Guantánamo ( February 2008 ) , Six in Guantánamo Charged with 9/11 Murders : Why Now ?
And What About the Torture ? ( February 2008 ) , The Insignificance and Insanity of Abu Zubaydah : Ex-Guantánamo Prisoner Confirms FBI ’s Doubts ( April 2008 ) , Guantánamo Trials : Another Torture Victim Charged ( Abdul Rahim al - Nashiri , July 2008 ) , Will the Bush administration be held accountable for war crimes ?
( December 2008 ) , The Ten Lies of Dick Cheney ( Part One ) and The Ten Lies of Dick Cheney ( Part Two ) ( December 2008 ) , Prosecuting the Bush Administration ’s Torturers ( March 2009 ) , Abu Zubaydah : The Futility Of Torture and A Trail of Broken Lives ( March 2009 ) , Ten Terrible Truths About The CIA Torture Memos ( Part One ) , Ten Terrible Truths About The CIA Torture Memos ( Part Two ) , 9/11 Commission Director Philip Zelikow Condemns Bush Torture Program , Who Authorized The Torture of Abu Zubaydah ? , CIA Torture Began In Afghanistan 8 Months before DoJ Approval , Even In Cheney ’s Bleak World , The Al - Qaeda - Iraq Torture Story Is A New Low ( all April 2009 ) , Ibn al - Shaykh al - Libi Has Died In A Libyan Prison , Dick Cheney And The Death Of Ibn al - Shaykh al - Libi , The “ Suicide ” Of Ibn al - Shaykh al - Libi : Why The Media Silence ? , Two Experts Cast Doubt On Ibn al - Shaykh al - Libi ’s “ Suicide ” , Lawrence Wilkerson Nails Cheney On Use Of Torture To Invade Iraq , In the Guardian : Death in Libya , betrayal by the West ( in the Guardian here ) ( all May 2009 ) , Lawrence Wilkerson Nails Cheney ’s Iraq Lies Again ( And Rumsfeld And The CIA ) , and WORLD EXCLUSIVE : New Revelations About The Torture Of Ibn al - Shaykh al - Libi ( June 2009 ) .
Also see the extensive archive of articles about the Military Commissions .
For other stories discussing the use of torture in secret prisons , see :
An unreported story from Guantánamo : the tale of Sanad al - Kazimi ( August 2007 ) , Rendered to Egypt for torture , Mohammed Saad Iqbal Madni is released from Guantánamo ( September 2008 ) , A History of Music Torture in the “ War on Terror ” ( December 2008 ) , Seven Years of Torture : Binyam Mohamed Tells His Story ( March 2009 ) , and also see the extensive Binyam Mohamed archive .
And for other stories discussing torture at Guantánamo and / or in “ conventional ” US prisons in Afghanistan , see :
The testimony of Guantánamo detainee Omar Deghayes : includes allegations of previously unreported murders in the US prison at Bagram airbase ( August 2007 ) , Guantánamo Transcripts : “ Ghost ” Prisoners Speak After Five And A Half Years , And “ 9/11 hijacker ” Recants His Tortured Confession ( September 2007 ) , The Trials of Omar Khadr , Guantánamo’s “ child soldier ” ( November 2007 ) , Former US interrogator Damien Corsetti recalls the torture of prisoners in Bagram and Abu Ghraib ( December 2007 ) , Guantánamo ’s shambolic trials ( February 2008 ) , Torture allegations dog Guantánamo trials ( March 2008 ) , Sami al - Haj : the banned torture pictures of a journalist in Guantánamo ( April 2008 ) , Former Guantánamo Prosecutor Condemns “ Chaotic ” Trials in Case of Teenage Torture Victim ( Lt. Col.
Darrel Vandeveld on Mohamed Jawad , January 2009 ) , Judge Orders Release of Guantánamo ’s Forgotten Child ( Mohammed El - Gharani , January 2009 ) , Bush Era Ends With Guantánamo Trial Chief ’s Torture Confession ( Susan Crawford on Mohammed al - Qahtani , January 2009 ) , Forgotten in Guantánamo : British Resident Shaker Aamer ( March 2009 ) , and the extensive archive of articles about the Military Commissions .
Clinton military brass join ranks with Obama campaign
Clinton Secretary of Navy , Air Force to tout Obama 's credentials
According to a press release from the Obama campaign Monday morning , the candidate 's staff will appear with top military brass today " to discuss why Obama has demonstrated the judgment and has the experience to be Commander In Chief . "
" Today , former service secretaries for each of the Armed Forces  Clifford Alexander , Jr. ( US Army ) , Richard Danzig ( US Navy ) , and F. Whitten Peters ( US Air Force )  will host a press conference in Washington , DC to discuss why Obama has demonstrated the judgment and has the experience to be Commander In Chief , " the release writes .
Among those attending : " Secretary Clifford Alexander , Jr. ( US Army  Carter Administration ) , Secretary Richard Danzig ( US Navy  Clinton Administration ) and Secretary F. Whitten Peters ( US Air Force  Clinton Administration . "
The event will be held at the United Food and Commercial Workers , 1775 K Street , NW - 11th Floor at 1 pm today .
Some people see colour when listening to music US scientists have discovered people who can " hear " what they see .
The rare form of synaesthesia - a condition where senses intermingle - came to light after a student reported " hearing sounds " from a screensaver .
Researchers at the California Institute of Technology then found three more people with the same condition , New Scientist magazine reported .
Those affected performed better in tests of recognising visual patterns than those without the condition .
A more common form of the condition is being able to perceive numbers or letters as colours .
It 's common to find people who have it the other way round - so they see colour when they hear music
Dr Julia Simner , Edinburgh University Several artists have been linked with the condition , including David Hockney who is able to see colour when listening to music .
Dr Melissa Saenz discovered the phenomenon when a group of students were being shown around her lab and one asked if anyone else could hear a pattern of moving dots on a computer screen .
When she questioned him further she realised he matched the criteria for synaesthesia - he had experienced it all his life and it happened with lots of different moving images .
By sending the moving dots image to hundreds of other volunteers , she found three others who could also hear sounds , such as tapping , whirring or whooshing , when watching it .
Tests
To double check they did have synaesthesia she tested their ability to recognise a series of visual patterns .
They either heard a pair of series of beeps or watched a pair of a series of flashes and had to say whether they matched .
Both groups were accurate 85 % of the time when they heard the pattern , the results published in Current Biology show .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
But when watching it , the individuals with synaesthesia remained 85 % accurate while the others dropped to only 55 % accuracy .
Dr Saenz said : " I was surprised to realise this particular form had not been reported before and I wanted to see how common it was .
" The goal of the study was to objectively determine if the sound perception was real . "
Dr Julia Simner , who researches synaesthesia at the University of Edinburgh said some forms of the condition were more common than others .
" It 's common to find people who have it the other way round - so they see colour when they hear music .
" The very nice thing about this paper is they have been able to document a kind which we knew was out there but for which we only had hazy knowledge . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Share your valuable feedback , comments or suggestions on Creating a Successful E-commerce Business Website
Successful E-commerce Business Website
In an e-commerce , business or commercial transaction is done through the use of an internet .
A website is an important aspect , having the right features is another , more important one .
This is because your website is the means by which you do your e-commerce business .
An ordinary website and a feature - rich website is often the difference between succeeding and failing at e-commerce .
Once you have your e-commerce site completed , you can focus on marketing your products and making sales – increasing your chances of a good profit margin .
Creating a Successful E-commerce Business Website
Moving on , here is a guide to help you when you begin creating your own E - commerce site .
E -Commerce Software : Purchase software license to maintain inventory , accounts , customer database .
Create a website :
Get a good domain name and hosting resources .
Display products , market , sell , deliver and provide customer support .
Provide the relevant details about the quality , quantity , applicability of taxes to avoid any future dispute .
Develop a privacy policy and terms of use agreement : Provide information to the website user about the information collected and its use , copyrights and account termination or suspension policy .
Furthermore , provide information regarding payment methods , refunds , returns , and replacement .
The customer accepts the policy before use , and hence both the buyer - seller bind by the legal agreement .
Furthermore , it secures business from any possible action by a customer .
Hire someone who will be dedicated solely to web management , if the nature and size of the business support it .
Hire temporary employees to help set up the business and bring them back periodically to make changes to the site , expand online capabilities or launch new ventures .
Outsource the development , design , and hosting of the website and rely on an outside organization to keep it up to date and to manage growth .
Use an “ e- commerce in a box ” product to set up an e-commerce site .
These products typically charge a monthly fee ( around $ 25 ) and provide an online store with virtual shopping carts ( locations where shoppers electronically place the items they want to buy ) .
They also include online catalogs , customized product pages ; tools that help merchants list their products and services on online auction and shopping sites , secure online payment options , discount coupons for customers , and technical support .
The web has immense power to transform a business .
With that said , sometimes a product just does n't seem to lend itself to online sales–at least at first glance .
Businesses like amusement parks , bowling alleys , and utility companies either require the customer to be on - site or offer a product that is largely intangible .
But even for those types of businesses , customers have come to expect an online presence .
A company can sell tickets or offer discounts through its website , show images and videos of its facilities , set up online games that relate to an increasing demand for its offerings , or enable customers to make payments over the internet .
Legal Requirements – Creating a Successful E-commerce
An entrepreneur does the business as per the rules and regulations of the country .
The business activities involve maintaining inventory , customer database , accounting , auditing , paying taxes , integrated marketing , taking orders , selling the product , delivery , support , receiving and making payments .
When business is E - business , it is assumed doing exports .
Hence Import - Export License becomes a must , and legal conditions and specific requirements are applicable as per land law .
Anybody can open e-commerce portal , but rules apply to a company ( Proprietor , Partnership , Private Limited or Limited ) or Individual operating and running an e-business .
The President hosts T - ball games on the Whitehouse lawn , and attempted to give a little girl the ball .
Poll : Half of U.S. says press pro-Obama
Half of Americans think the press is trying to help Sen. Barack Obama win the presidential election , according to a new poll by Rasmussen Reports .
In an automated survey of 1000 likely voters , Rasmussen found that 49 percent of respondents believed reporters would favor Obama in their coverage this fall , compared with just 14 percent who expected them to boost Sen. John McCain .
The number of Americans who see pro-Obama bias in the press has increased by five percent in the last month .
Advertisement
According to Rasmussen ’s numbers , less than a quarter of voters – 24 percent – now trust the press to report on the election without bias .
“ People are looking at reporters the way reporters want us to look at Wikipedia , ” said Rasmussen Reports CEO Scott Rasmussen .
“ It ’s useful information , but you ’ve got to check the source . ”
Rasmussen suggested that glowing coverage of the run-up to Obama ’s trip abroad may have contributed to the perception that reporters sympathize with his campaign .
Kathleen Hall Jamieson , director of the University of Pennsylvania ’s Annenberg Public Policy Center , suggested a different source for the public ’s concerns about bias : the press itself .
“ As the press covers reports of disparities in amount [s ] of coverage , ” Jamieson said , “ the belief , often reinforced in conservative media , that the press are biased against the Republican should increase . ”
Jamieson pointed to a study released last week by the Tyndall Report , a media - monitoring group , that showed Obama vastly outstripping McCain in press coverage , as the kind of report that would “ magnify this perception of bias among non-Obama supporters . ”
Among the largest group of non-Obama supporters – Republicans – fears of slanted coverage did run especially high , with 78 percent of respondents saying the media would attempt to assist Obama ’s bid .
A mere 21 percent of Democrats suspected similar bias in favor of McCain .
Rasmussen said he was unsurprised that Republicans suspected pro-Obama leanings among reporters , as the finding was consistent with his firm ’s previous polling on media bias .
If anything , Rasmussen said , he was surprised that there were n’t more respondents alleging that the media supported McCain .
“ There ’s been a netroots push to say the media ’s biased in the other direction , ” Rasmussen explained .
According to this poll , any such online effort has not shifted public opinion more broadly .
It ’s not just the general election that ’s bringing out voters ’ concerns that the media might be supporting Obama .
Asked a backward - looking question , about which “ major presidential candidate ” – Obama , McCain , or Sen .
Hillary Rodham Clinton – had received the most favorable coverage overall , 57 percent said it was Obama .
Twenty - one percent of respondents named McCain , with 11 percent choosing Clinton .
This result follows similar polling data that emerged during the Democratic primaries .
A Pew survey conducted from May 30 - June 2 showed 37 percent of Americans felt that Obama received preferential treatment from reporters during the Democratic primary contests .
Only eight percent of respondents in that poll said the press favored Clinton .
Another Pew poll , conducted in late December 2007 , showed 25 percent of Americans believed that coverage of the 2008 election was biased toward Democrats , compared to just 9 percent who saw a pro-Republican bias .
In 2003 , a similar question showed a more even split in responses : 22 percent of voters said the media tended to favor Democrats , but 17 percent saw bias in support of Republicans , suggesting that conservative voters are especially concerned about media coverage in 2008 .
Rasmussen said his firm would continue to poll this question “ roughly once a month , ” but may test it more frequently in the fall , when the pace of the campaign picks up and political tensions are running higher .
( Still unaware of any Bush crimes , Nancy ? )
UPDATE : Pelosi Admits
She 's Not Read the Articles of Impeachment Against Bush !
Brad Friedman Byon
8/8/2008 , 10:16 pm PT
A mother of a late Friday disclosure .
From the Times tonight , in an unbylined story , for tomorrow 's papers ...
WASHINGTON — The Federal Bureau of Investigation said Friday that it had improperly obtained the phone records of reporters for The New York Times and The Washington Post in the newspapers ’ Indonesia bureaus in 2004 .
Robert S. Mueller III , director of the F.B.I. , disclosed the episode in a phone call to Bill Keller , the executive editor of The Times , and apologized for it .
He also spoke with Leonard Downie Jr. , the executive editor of The Washington Post , to apologize .
...
The records were apparently sought as part of a terrorism investigation , but the F.B.I. did not explain what was being investigated or why the reporters ’ phone records were considered relevant .
Remember two weeks ago when Nancy Pelosi said , on ABC's The View : " I thought that Impeachment would be divisive ... If someone had a crime that the President had committed , that would be a different story " ?
I do .
Hey Nancy , ITMFA !
UPDATE 8/10/08 , 12:30 pm PT : Pelosi admits not even having read the Articles of Impeachment filed against George W. Bush
What a disgrace .
And once again , it 's a citizen who tries to do the media 's job for them , by asking her about those Articles , as filed by Kucinich , against Bush .
" I did n't read it yet ! , " the Democratic House Speaker tells the citizen when he hands her a copy of the Articles , as submitted into the Congressional record , and voted by the full House to be deferred to the Judiciary Committee .
She did n't even read them ?!
And yet she has the temerity to go on national television , on ABC , to say that she 's unaware of any crimes he 's committed and that Impeachment should n't be done " unless you have the goods that this President committed a crime " ?!
Amazing .
Here 's the video ...
( h/t AfterDowningStreet.org )
Yahtzee reviews
Alone in the Dark while surprisingly neither alone nor in the dark .
Game : Alone in the Dark
Genre : Survival Horror
Developer : Eden Games / Hydravision Entertainment
Publisher : Atari
Platform(s ) : PS2 , PS3 , PC , Wii , Xbox 360
Available from : Amazon ( US ) , GameStop ( US ) , Amazon ( UK ) , Play.com ( UK )
I first came across the thought - provoking article What Is Software Design ? by Jack Reeves as an appendix titled " The Source Code Is the Design " in the book Agile Software Development : Principles , Patterns , and Practices
The article was written in 1992 so ignore the references to C++ ( I mentally translated them to Java ) and instead focus on what Jack is saying about the nature of design in software development .
I recommend starting with the summary at the end of the article .
In traditional software development methodologies such as the waterfall methodology , software design is an explicit phase that produces a design document as an output of that activity .
The design is usually completed before coding starts .
Jack takes a contrary view : the main thesis of his article is that " final source code is the real software design " , and most of the article is dedicated to exploring the ramifications of this thesis .
The main implication is that " programming is a design activity — a good software design process recognizes this and does not hesitate to code when coding makes sense . "
And it is not just coding that is a design activity .
" Coding is design , testing and debugging are part of design , and what we typically call software design is still part of design . "
One may get the impression that Jack is just a cowboy coder who disdains the traditional notion of design .
The following quote , however , shows that Jack values all types of design .
" In software engineering , we desperately need good design at all levels .
In particular , we need good top level design .
The better the early design , the easier detailed design will be . "
As Jack expands on the implications of the source code being the design , he clearly demolishes the assumptions behind a traditional waterfall approach to development by emphasizing the need for the design to evolve and be refined .
" Eventually , we have to create the real software design , and it will be in some programming language .
Therefore , we should not be afraid to code our designs as we derive them .
We simply must be willing to refine them as necessary .
...
All design activities interact .
A good software design process recognizes this and allows the design to change , sometimes radically , as various design steps reveal the need . "
Jack 's follow - up article to his original 13 years later clarified his stance on design documentation beyond that of the code .
" The source code may be the master design document , but it is seldom the only one necessary . "
But he also pointed out the flaw in insisting that this separate design documentation be a formal deliverable : " What approach they choose does n’t matter ; until someone starts insisting that these intermediate designs should be products in their own right .
It ’s the code that matters .
If you get good code , does it really matter how it came about ?
If you do n’t get good code , does it really matter how much other garbage you made people do before they wrote the bad code ? "
These points I 've quoted and almost of the articles ring true for me .
I especially love the last quote – what truly matters is the code .
When it is deployed into production , it does not matter how polished the design document was .
In some of the formal , document - heavy client projects I have been involved with , the focus placed upon the project documentation is extreme , with the client in many cases critiquing even the grammar or punctuation within these documents .
Meanwhile the code is produced with limited if any code reviews and inadequate testing .
Recently on a project , after all the effort I and others put into the design document to obtain the formal sign - off by the client , I had to change part of my design after only a few days of coding .
( And that is after I ' cheated ' and coded a prototype during the design phase . )
I discovered that another part of the design I was not involved with changed at the end of the design phase and invalidated one rather key assumption I made within my own design .
I find myself agreeing with Jack not just on the basis of his arguments , but also on the basis of my own experience .
So why then are significant portions of I.T. still focused on the traditional waterfall / document - heavy approaches to developing software ?
Are there counter arguments I am missing ?
Please let me know by posting a comment , especially if you disagree with Jack and me .
Tweet
If you find this article helpful , please make a donation .
Pulling each other by the hair , the Roma children scrap as they take turns at flicking their skinny wrists over the flaming funeral candles .
Before the same Orthodox Christian shrine , their grandmother recites the Lord 's Prayer in a gravelly Romany tongue .
' Am Mora Dat con san ando cheri . '
The words leave her mouth in whispers as she crosses herself and kisses a gold crucifix around her neck .
The smallest child , no older than four , runs towards me , sticks out her tongue , and gestures a V for vaffanculo - the ubiquitous Italian fuck off - and disappears outside .
The damp ceiling of the two - room prefabricated hut the Gypsies call home is on the verge of collapse .
The plastic - film windows , looking out on to the drab exterior walls of Naples 's most infamous prison , are so flimsy they wobble in the faint breeze .
There are mattresses everywhere : on the floor , propped up against the sink .
Like the inhabitants , they are thin and threadbare .
The only nod to modernity is a gigantic home entertainment consul in the corner , spewing out a DVD of distorted recordings of Balkan folk songs .
The wake we are attending in Naples 's most notorious Romany camp has been going for 10 days .
Alcohol is scattered around the room ; clear , foul - smelling moonshine sits overflowing from plastic cups and reclaimed Peroni bottles ; a half - blind mongrel sleeps fitfully among the detritus of a thousand hand - rolled cigarettes .
Alongside a sepia portrait of the revered Capuchin friar , Padre Pio , stand blurry digital prints of 13 - year - old Cristina and 11 - year - old Violetta Djeordsevic - two Roma sisters whose sudden deaths in the shallow waters of a public beach on Italy 's Amalfi Coast last month encapsulated the threat of racism in modern Europe .
It is a tragedy that has focused international attention on the ragged edge of Italy 's most chaotic city .
The teenagers ' youth and beauty in the photographs , strangely , comes as a shock .
Up until now , like most of the world , I had only seen their prostrate bodies , covered by short beach towels , with just their feet left exposed , on the scruffy beach at Torregaveta , a decrepit seaside suburb on the outer edge of the Bay of Naples .
On the morning of 17 July , Cristina and Violetta , along with their cousins Manuela and Diana , had made the regular journey from the dismal camp we are sitting in to one of Naples 's most popular beaches .
Walking two miles to the nearest public transport link , and skipping aboard the local train that skirts the coastal cliffs of the city , the girls planned to sell trinkets - small wooden turtles carved by Nigerian immigrants - to daytrippers along the bay .
At Torregaveta , after a long hot day with no sales , the sisters dared each other to jump from rocks into the sea .
Violetta went first and disappeared , swept beneath the waves .
Cristina , the eldest , jumped in to save her .
Both drowned , clinging on to each other .
What happened next shocked the world .
The girls were recovered from the sea by a passer - by and later declared dead by a lifeguard who called for help as Manuela and Diana wept , banging their tiny fists on the corpses .
As the police arrived , their cousins , distraught and in shock , were taken away to contact relatives .
Two beach towels were used to cover the dead Roma girls .
And then something extraordinary occurred .
Summer beach life resumed around the bodies for three hours until an ambulance finally showed up .
In the most striking image of all , a couple nonchalantly ate a picnic while looking on at the scene .
Another threw a frisbee nearby .
The indifference , picked up by newspapers and TV stations across the world , was seen by the country 's liberal elite to be the final straw .
The most senior Catholic in Naples , Cardinal Crescenzio Sepe , was the quickest to point out the coarsening of human sentiment which the behaviour in Torregaveta represented : ' Cristina and Violetta , ' he told the Italian media , 'had faced nothing but prejudice in life and indifference in death ; an unforgivable truth . '
In Rome , the government winced .
Masters of realpolitik , they knew that the deaths of Cristina and Violetta , both born in Italy but full - blood Roma , had come at a bad time for the nation , forced in recent months to defend itself to its European neighbours on charges of discrimination against Gypsies and immigrants .
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi , who swept to power for a third time on a thinly disguised anti-immigration ticket , was in the middle of a controversial yet populist programme of fingerprinting the country 's 150,000 Roma , some of whose families have been in Italy since the middle ages .
According to critics it has become impossible to disguise the Fascist undertones of these actions , and they point to the fact that the first expulsions of Gypsies took place in 1926 under Benito Mussolini .
The dictator 's political heirs , the ' post - fascist ' National Alliance , are now coalition partners in Berlusconi 's government .
In May this year , rumours of an abduction of a baby girl by a Gypsy woman in Naples triggered an orgy of violence against Roma camps by thugs wielding iron bars , who torched caravans and drove Gypsies from their slum homes in dozens of assaults , orchestrated by the notoriously violent local mafia , the Camorra .
The response of Berlusconi 's government ?
' That is what happens when Gypsies steal babies , ' shrugged Roberto Maroni , Italy 's interior minister and a key Berlusconi ally .
For the 10 m Europeans all loosely labelled as Roma or Gypsies , life is an endless procession of marginalisation and prejudice .
Corralled into settlements across the continent , 84 per cent of Roma in Europe are estimated to live below the poverty line .
Perhaps even more shocking is the lack of a more detailed picture .
Official indifference and reluctance on the part of the Roma themselves means data on life expectancy , infant mortality , employment and literacy rates are sparse .
Yet all are likely to be lower than those of mainstream society .
The plight of the Roma has been a part of European life since their mysterious migration from Rajasthan around 1,000 AD .
Queen Elizabeth I was the first who sought to expel the Roma from England .
German Emperor Karl VI ordered their extermination in 1721 .
In parts of the Balkans , Roma were traded as slaves until the middle of the 19th century .
In the 20th century , hundreds of thousands of Roma perished in the Nazi Holocaust , known in Gypsy folklore as the Porrajmos or ' The Devouring ' .
How Roma like Cristina and Violetta came to be born in Naples has more to do with the modern legacy of war in the Balkans .
In the early Nineties , thousands of Gypsies crossed the Adriatic after the outbreak of fighting in Yugoslavia and ethnic cleansing in Bosnia .
For many of the Gypsies , the majority of whom were illegal immigants , lawless Naples was the place where they could disappear into the chaos .
It 's 6.30 am in the graffiti - strewn centro storico of Old Naples .
Two young priests whizz past on an ancient canary - yellow Vespa , the engine putt - putting through the silent streets .
Running a red light and skirting the baroque entrance to the chapel of San Lorenzo Maggiore , the seminarians roughly scrape the kerb and abandon the scooter .
They are late for morning prayers .
Down through the narrow cobblestone streets , far below them , is the harbour and the azure Mediterranean .
Sparkling in the morning sunshine , the waters of the bay stretch west , out towards the dark mass of Vesuvius and Campi Flegrei , the ' burning fields ' , the volcanic plateau the Greeks once thought were the gates to hell .
Morning comes slowly here .
Old men , their wrinkled faces as scorched and cracked as the dry earth , are the first to emerge , setting out white plastic chairs on the narrow streets outside their tenement homes as their wives clatter pans indoors and get on with their morning chores .
Armed with soapy water and sponges , a ragged group of municipal workers sets about removing hundreds of posters that have appeared across the city overnight .
' Diritti per tutti ' ( Rights for all ) .
' White , black , yellow , red .
Stop apartheid now , ' they proclaim beneath crude images of fingerprints .
Beneath the new posters lie fading old ones calling for the mass deportation of Naples 's Roma Gypsies and immigrants .
' Italy is divided on these girls , on the fate of the Roma .
The conscience of the people has been pricked .
You can see this on the walls of our city , ' says Francesca Saudino , our early morning guide and a campaigning Naples - based lawyer with Osservazione , a nationwide pressure group for Roma rights .
' The reaction to the death of these children goes beyond anything that has happened before .
The incident has exposed a long - held social realism in our country : that many working - class people think the Roma no better than animals , and the government is using this xenophobia to win votes and popularity .
People are ashamed .
The deaths of these girls has come to represent something more , perhaps a battle for Italy 's soul . '
We are heading to Scampia , the toughest and most lawless public housing estate in Europe .
The taxi driver , reluctantly taking us there , is n't pleased .
He is charging us ' treble ' and does n't tire of telling us , spitting out the demand at each traffic light between puffs of his cigarette .
Scampia is home of the infamous public housing towers known as Le Vele ( the Sails ) , the place where Naples 's many drug addicts come to score the cheapest high - grade heroin and crack cocaine in the EU .
A land of outsiders and lawbreakers living on the fringes of society , the district is also home to the majority of the city 's Roma .
At the municipal entrance to the estate , with a nod to Dante 's Inferno , someone with a canister of red spray paint has written : ' Abandon hope all ye who enter here . '
Our first sight is a string of burnt - out cars .
It looks and feels like the Farza district of Kabul .
The buildings appear as if they 've been beset by a natural disaster .
The elevators in most are gone .
Broken pipes spew water everywhere and the forecourts are covered with knee - deep garbage .
The air outside smells of burning tyres .
From the drab high - rise flats , conspicuous lookouts scan the roads for undercover police or special drug enforcement teams .
Scampia has long been a key base for the narcotics arm of the Camorra .
Our driver drops us in the middle of Via Cupa Perillo alongside the carcass of a Fiat Punto .
It marks the entrance to Campo Autorizzato , Scampia 's only official Roma camp - a couple of hundred caravans and prefabs strung on a narrow spit of land overshadowed by the high walls of Naples 's notorious Carcere Di Secondigliano prison .
It is the place where Cristina and Violetta were born and lived all their lives .
' This is a reclaimed swamp , ' says Francesca .
' Some 700 Roma live here without running water , toilets , sewers , garbage disposal or proper heating and cooking facilities . '
As we approach the entrance , children play beside a polluted creek amid excrement spewed by an open - air communal toilet .
Standing waiting for us in the centre of the roughshod tarmac road is Miriana Djeordsevic , the mother of the two dead girls .
Shrouded in black with thin silk slippers on her feet , she is clutching the last photograph of her dead daughters .
The mood around her is tense .
In the days since the girls died , Miriana 's extended family have been forced to give their fingerprints to the authorities .
In recent weeks , Roma groups from here have demonstrated , wearing the black triangles Gypsies were forced to wear in the concentration camps .
Inside Miriana 's home , vodka is offered , poured by a tattooed man covered in gold chains and bracelets .
Grinning through blackened teeth he offers no introduction .
Most of the Roma women from this camp work as day labourers in agriculture , others , the elderly and the children , beg .
But some of the men run one of the biggest car theft and stripping - down rackets in southern Italy .
Others , living deeper in the shadows , earn their money from selling drugs and violence .
Looking around the room it is clear this black economy does not produce wellbeing or health or luxury , only symbols of power , wealth and social advancement among the men .
Their half - naked infants and wives look as unhealthy as some women and children in sub-Saharan Africa .
' The girls drowned in the sea , ' Miriana tells me firmly .
' There has been talk in the newspapers , lies , that they were murdered , that there was no postmortem .
They drowned in the sea , playing like the innocents they were .
The real crime was what happened around them .
Those people by the water , they ignored the children , like they were dead dogs washed up in the Mediterranean .
My daughters were not subhuman . '
Miriana hands me another photograph of Violetta .
She is posing in a ruffled pink dress .
' She wanted to be a dancer .
She did n't want to go to school .
She only wanted to be beautiful .
Cristina was a bad influence on Violetta .
She did n't like school .
She hated living in the camp .
Her grandmother said she was just trying to find her place somewhere , but she would 've grown into a strong woman .
She had the will and the determination .
Above all she wanted to be able to walk into the shops in the city , look at the dresses without being chased by the police .
She would cut dresses out of magazines and place a cut - out of her head on to them .
It was her way of escaping .
Violetta just watched .
She worshipped her big sister .
' In the days after the girls died a Catholic priest visited us and apologised for the local people on the beach , who he said had misunderstood the situation .
I asked him why the Italians hated us , why they looked at the bodies of two dead children and smeared on sun cream and he had no answers .
He wept and told me the Roma were still God 's children .
I told him it does n't feel like it .
We are the ones the Italians blame for the poverty outside the camp .
That is their own making , not ours , not my children 's fault . '
Miriana is barely 30 but looks a decade older .
Married at 14 and a mother of five by her early twenties , she escaped the Bosnian - Serbian border area as a teenager , hoping for a new life in Italy .
All three of her surviving children are unschooled .
The youngest do n't have birth certificates .
They simply do n't exist and she wants to keep it that away .
One of the last things Cristina and Violetta did was to be fingerprinted by the authorities .
' Cristina and Violetta gave their fingerprints shortly before they died .
Violetta was upset .
She ran away and started crying .
She thought the police were coming to take her away .
Cristina was angry and scrubbed the ink from her thumb .
She understood everything .
She knew we were being treated like animals .
She died knowing she had no real hope of a better life . '
Later , as we walk around the camp , we are faced down with intimidating glares .
One man spits at my feet .
The ethnic fingerprinting drive , part of a broader crackdown on Italy 's 3.5 m recent economic immigrants and carried out in an atmosphere of hysterical rhetoric about crime and security , has left the Roma more bitter than ever .
Catholic human rights organisations have damned the fingerprinting of Gypsies as ' evoking painful memories ' of the Nazi persecution .
The chief rabbi of Rome insisted this week that it ' must be stopped now ' .
Amos Luzzatto , former head of the Italian Union of Jewish Communities , said that the policy of fingerprinting recalled ' days when I could not go to school , and people would point at me saying : " Look Mummy , it 's a Jew . "
This is a country that has lost its memory . '
But Massimo Barra , head of the Italian Red Cross , which has been monitoring the process , insisted last week that the aim was to integrate Roma people into Italian society .
If children were fingerprinted , it would be done ' as a game ' , he said .
' We are building bridges , not walls . '
Officially , the reasons for the fingerprinting programme appear simple enough : to allow the government to compile accurate census data and ensure that Gypsy children go to school .
But human rights groups are concerned .
As part of sweeping anti-immigration measures the prime minister has also appointed special commissioners to ' deal ' with Gypsies in the three major Italian cities - Naples , Milan and Rome .
According to Francesca Saudino , fingerprinting lies at the heart of the anguish and disenchantment felt by the Roma .
' The Italian right blames much of the country 's street crime on the Roma , in particular on children sent out by adults to rob and steal , ' she said .
' This is an hysterical inaccuracy .
There are an estimated 152,000 Roma in 700 camps across Italy and the Interior Ministry hopes to dismantle them all .
Thirty per cent have Italian citizenship , but the rest are immigrants , many from Romania and the Balkans .
We suspect that the Gypsies are being identified only so that they can be expelled . '
She added : ' A third of Neapolitan children do n't go to school at all or have to repeat years .
Illiteracy here is at Third World levels .
The children who live on the outskirts of Naples , in the Spanish quarters and in Piscinola , San Giovanni a Teduccio , Poggioreale , Secondigliano and Torre del Greco , they are all the same , they hate school , their teachers and the selectivity of the system .
They hate Italy and the Italians , too .
Many are the children of Russian immigrants , but they are not fingerprinted or treated as outlaws .
You cannot have one law for the Roma and one law for everyone else . '
At the core of the issue , according to human rights groups , are several key politicians .
One of them is Umberto Bossi , head of the Northern League , a small party of restyled former Fascists , anti-immigrant forces and traditional conservatives .
Bossi has emerged as Italy 's kingmaker , the power player who was key in returning Silvio Berlusconi to office in the recent elections and who many believe will continue to call the shots .
Bossi and three other members of his party were given choice seats in the new cabinet , including control of the Interior Ministry , which oversees police and most domestic security .
Bossi is a man who once advocated shooting at boats bringing immigrants to Italy 's shores .
The Northern League emerged in the early Nineties as a party advocating the secession of Italy 's wealthier north from the rest of the country .
The party these days has toned down the secession rhetoric .
Instead , it campaigns for more autonomy and ' devolution ' of central government powers to regional authorities .
Bossi was named Minister for Reforms in the new government , an ideal platform for changing the law to give more autonomy to the north .
Another cabinet post went to the Northern League 's colourful Roberto Calderoli , best remembered for appearing on TV in a T - shirt emblazoned with a cartoon of the Prophet Muhammad , and for planning to parade pigs on land where Muslims were attempting to build mosques .
Berlusconi's other main partner in government is the National Alliance , a party formed as a successor to Mussolini's Fascists .
Its leader , Gianfranco Fini , who has struggled to distance himself from his neofascist past , became speaker of the lower chamber of parliament .
Yet Giuliano Ferrara , formerly Berlusconi's media spokesman and now a prominent editor and TV pundit , claims the rise of the right is a myth .
' It was entirely predictable that once Berlusconi returned to power a Greek chorus would appear to warn us all that Italian democracy is in danger , that Italy is introducing mass deportations and concentration camps , ' he said .
' In reality , violence against immigrants and Gypsies has been limited . '
The true problem , Ferrara says , is that Italy , more than any other country in Europe , has had to cope with an influx of immigrants who end up living in poverty on the edges of cities - the very margins in which Italy 's own poorest people live .
' There is no ethnic persecution in Italy , ' Ferrara insists .
' To draw broad comparisons with what happened to the Jews , who were exterminated , is irresponsible . '
Ironically , Europe is supposedly in the middle of a ' Decade of Roma Inclusion ' , a € 30bn project launched by the EU in 2005 when the governments of the countries with the largest Roma populations - Bulgaria , Croatia , Czech Republic , Hungary , Macedonia , Montenegro , Romania , Serbia and Slovakia - agreed to close the gap in education , employment , health and housing .
Ask the Gypsies themselves and they will tell you it has had little effect on their lives .
As the Open Society Institute , funded by billionaire George Soros , who has widely supported the Roma , said in a recent report , most governments see the answer to the Roma problem in terms of ' sporadic measures ' rather than coherent policies .
When asked what lay at the heart of the problem , one MEP said : ' Look .
We want to help them .
We do n't lack the laws and we do n't lack the money .
The problem is political will in countries like Italy and , ultimately , the Roma themselves - many do n't want to be part of society , even if society is trying to help them .
There is no trust , only bitterness and scepticism .
In the case of Italy , it is on both sides . '
' My name is Veronica Selimovic and I am Italian , ' cries the barefoot Gypsy child as she skips nimbly through mud and oil - slicked puddles at Camp Nomadi Aurelia on the outskirts of Rome .
Young men stand among graveyards of wrecked cars and rusting bodywork , smoking smuggled cigarettes .
All around us are burnt tyres , cartridge cases , condoms .
The Gypsies are restless .
They look prepared to leave in the dead of night ; they claim it is with good reason .
The political figure now presiding over their camp is the National Alliance 's Gianni Alemanno , who was elected mayor of Rome in April .
As he took office his supporters gave the Fascist salute , chanting ' Duce , Duce ' .
Clutching a black and white photograph of her father , 60 - year - old Satka Selimovic 's glaucomic eyes water and droop as she recalls her life on the fringes of Italian society .
' I was born in Italy , on the outskirts of Venice , after the Second World War .
My family thought life would offer us a second chance .
I told this to my own children , that life would turn out to be better and they say this to my granddaughter , Veronica .
People may say we are bitter and to blame for our own isolation , but we tell each new generation of Roma they will be included and accepted and each time it feels like a betrayal . '
May 10 , 2004 4 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own .
Q : I am considering whether to take the plunge and make a business out of one of my hobbies .
How do I know if I have what it takes to be a full - time entrepreneur ?
A : There is obviously no aptitude test that can tell you if you are suited to entrepreneurship .
However , after you 've evaluated the feasibility of turning your hobby into a business , it is worth asking yourself a few questions to determine if you have the characteristics of an entrepreneur .
1 . How committed are you ?
Successful entrepreneurs are committed to their businesses .
This is simple to understand , but difficult to put in practice .
Are you the type of person who has many hobbies and likes to dabble without commitment ?
Would you be easily distracted by the next business idea that strikes your fancy ?
When faced with a task , successful entrepreneurs are generally committed to excel and will not waver when the going gets tough .
2 . Is your glass half full or half empty ?
Not all optimistic people are entrepreneurs , but almost all entrepreneurs are optimistic people .
From the owner of the local florist to the founder of a Fortune 500 company , the common thread that runs through the fabric of entrepreneurship is the ability to see a positive opportunity in an otherwise challenging situation .
Without confident optimism , it is very difficult to motivate employees , persevere in downtimes and keep your business growing .
3 . Do you like to make decisions ?
Very few of us enjoy making decisions .
Decisions mean commitment .
Bad decisions lead to problems and can mean losing the respect of one 's peers .
Owning a business - particularly an undercapitalized startup - is all about making decisions with limited market research and imperfect information .
Should you locate the business in your home or incur the costs of a separate office ?
Should you hire a marketing consultant or a full - time salesperson ?
How should you price your new products ?
What should be your first target market for your products ?
One of the main differences between having a hobby and having a business is the need to make real decisions with financial implications .
Will you enjoy it ?
4 . Do you have the money to make it happen ?
Once you 've written a business plan and established that your hobby can indeed be a sustainable business , the next step is to finance its execution .
Unless you thrive on adversity , do n't quit your day job until you know that you have sufficient money to fund your business plan .
Getting financing is not easy and requires personal sacrifice - whether it involves borrowing from your family 's savings , your relatives and friends , credit cards or professional investors .
If things do n't work out exactly as mapped out in your business plan , will you be able to support a contingency plan to ensure that the business survives ?
If you do n't have the money from your personal network , will you be willing to sacrifice ownership and control to outside investors ?
5 . Do you like to sell ?
When I interview candidates for a position at my company , I ask them how they feel about selling .
Some of them inevitably shift in their seats and give a half - hearted answer that they do not mind selling when they are asked to do so .
Other candidates brighten up and persuade me that selling is a natural part of any job - even if they have never had a sales job .
As an entrepreneur , you work in sales .
You will have to sell your products , sell your vision for the company and sell yourself .
And you will have to do this every day , multiple times .
And you will enjoy it - that is , if you are suited to be an entrepreneur .
If you answered yes to most of the questions listed above , you are ready to shift from hobbyist to business owner .
If you answered no to most of these questions , and you still want to turn your hobby into a full - time business endeavor , you may want to consider getting a business partner to help you make your plan a reality .
WASHINGTON - A former CIA operative who says he tried to warn the agency about faulty intelligence on Iraqi weapons programs now says that CIA officials also ignored evidence that Iran had suspended work on a nuclear bomb .
The onetime undercover agent , who has been barred by the CIA from using his real name , filed a motion in federal court late Friday asking the government to declassify legal documents describing what he says was a deliberate suppression of findings on Iran that were contrary to agency views at the time .
The former operative alleged in a 2004 lawsuit that the CIA fired him after he repeatedly clashed with senior managers over his attempts to file reports that challenged the conventional wisdom about weapons of mass destruction in the Middle East .
Details of his allegation have not been made public because they describe events the CIA deems secret .
The consensus view on Iran 's nuclear program shifted in December with the release of an intelligence report that concluded that Iran halted work on nuclear weapons design in 2003 .
The publication of the National Intelligence Estimate on Iran undermined the CIA 's rationale for censoring the former officer 's lawsuit , said his lawyer , Roy Krieger .
" On five occasions he was ordered to either falsify his reporting . . . or not to file , " Krieger said .
In court documents and in statements by his lawyer , the former officer says that his 22 - year CIA career collapsed after he questioned CIA doctrine about the nuclear programs of Iraq and Iran .
He was assigned undercover work in the Persian Gulf region , where he recruited an informant with information on Iran 's nuclear program , Krieger said .
The informant provided evidence that Tehran had halted its research into building a nuclear weapon , court papers said .
Yet , when the operative sought to file reports , his attempts were " thwarted by CIA employees , " the documents say .
CIA spokesman Paul Gimigliano declined to comment on the specifics but rejected the allegation about suppressed reports .
" It would be wrong to suggest that agency managers direct their officers to falsify the intelligence they collect , " he said .
© Copyright 2008 Globe Newspaper Company .
Rowing is definitely the hardest , but you can only understand that once you 've actually raced in a shell .
8 people with perfect balance despite height and weight differences , and wind possibly tipping the boat to one side .
Equal power on both sides to keep the boat moving relatively straight with the help of a coxswain .
Perform the same motion approximately 220 times in a row , in perfect unison , despite fluxuating rate of the team .
So you basically can't drift mentally , you have to stay focused on the motion of the guys in front of you .
Extreme fatigue , as it is , not only , a full body ( legs , back , arms ) exertion , but is approximately 6 minutes in length .
Runners must only worry about their legs in a mile race while rowers have to handle their entire muscle structure coming into use .
The situation in California is getting interesting .
Three days ago I wrote Schwarzenegger Needs To Face Reality : California Is Insolvent .
In a better late than never scenario , Schwarzenegger is getting tough .
The LA Times is reporting Schwarzenegger plans to slash state workers ' pay till budget passes .
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger is planning to cut the pay of about 200,000 state workers to the federal minimum wage of $ 6.55 an hour until a budget is signed , according to a draft of the governor 's order obtained by The Times .
Administration officials said Schwarzenegger is expected to sign the order early next week as part of an effort to avert a cash crisis .
The controversial move , likely to be challenged in court by public - employee unions , would save the state about $ 1 billion a month , the officials said .
Workers would be repaid their lost earnings once a budget was in place .
The order also calls for the state to immediately lay off 19,000 part - time workers , stop overtime payments for almost all employees and cease all hiring until a budget is enacted .
The deadline for passing a budget was July 1 , and without one California may be unable to borrow billions of dollars needed to keep the state solvent .
Too Bad It 's Not Permanent
LA Times Reader Comments
To Scroll Thru My Recent Post List
JULY 29 -- You 've probably seen that YouTube video of the New York cop viciously knocking down a bicyclist in Times Square last week .
Officer Patrick Pogan 's blindside hit on Christopher Long led NYPD brass yesterday to strip the rookie cop of his gun and badge pending a department probe .
That review will surely focus on the 22 - year - old Pogan 's sworn account of the takedown , which led to Manhattan prosecutors filing three misdemeanor charges against the 29 - year - old Long , who was participating in a monthly bike ride organized by transportation activists .
As seen in a Criminal Court complaint filed against Long ( who spent 26 hours in jail after his arrest Friday night ) , Pogan offered a fantastical version of the incident .
Pogan claimed that Long drove his bicycle directly into him , knocking the cop to the ground and causing " lacerations on deponent 's forearm . "
The video , of course , shows Pogan delivering a blow that would have made former Oakland Raider Jack Tatum proud .
Pogan also claimed that Long resisted arrest and even exclaimed , " You are pawns in the game , I 'm gonna have your job . "
The bicycle enthusiast 's second statement may prove prophetic .
( 2 pages )
Auto Insurance Quotes for Every Vehicle
If you are like most drivers , the thought of having to spend valuable time researching vehicle coverage , rates and providers is unsettling at best .
Thankfully , you have discovered the ultimate resource for online car insurance quotes and information .
We are confident you will save money by using our free , no hassle service .
We Have Done the Research for You
Not sure how much it will cost to insure your automobile ?
We have tirelessly researched every single make and model to deliver you exclusive information and compelling articles that pertain to protecting your specific vehicle .
You can use this personalized information to save money without hassles .
To start , you can compare the average cost to cover a specific model in your locality .
It is important to have a frame of reference when shopping , making the ability to easily compare policies vital .
Next , you will learn about the different types of coverage and how to customize a plan that gives you adequate protection .
Avoid Hassles and Save
We value your time and strategically designed our site to be easy to navigate with minimal effort .
You wo n't have to waste time searching for applicable auto insurance information .
Whether you are looking to buy a car and need to protect your investment or you want to see if you can lower your premiums by switching to a different plan , we have you covered !
Our in - depth articles examine and dissect pertinent information ranging from coverage types such as comprehensive or liability to the claims process .
Finally , you can use this vital information to receive free , customized quotes without any commitment to buy .
It does n't matter what kind of car or truck you drive - we have partnered with many different reputable insurers to bring you relevant , unbiased information in addition to unbeatable rates and unmatched customer service .
You will never have to search high and low for the best rate or waste time filling out complicated paperwork .
We have made it extremely easy to get the cheapest plan by taking much of the guesswork out of the process .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Oil fell to a three - month low on Monday , pressured by evidence of rising OPEC output in the midst of declining demand in the United States and Europe .
The losses extended a steep slide from the mid-July peak above $ 147 a barrel and came despite a storm in the Gulf of Mexico that was curbing oil output , shipping and refining .
“ Crude futures are down despite a brewing storm and that shows you how momentum has shifted in this market , ” said Phil Flynn , analyst at Alaron Trading in Chicago .
U.S. light crude fell $ 3.69 to settle at $ 121.41 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange , after falling as low as $ 119.50 , the lowest level since early May .
London Brent fell $ 3.50 to $ 120.68 .
The losses came after a Reuters survey showed OPEC supply rose for a third consecutive month in July mainly because of increased output from the world ’s top exporter Saudi Arabia .
The boost in production from OPEC comes as soaring energy prices and an economic slowdown cut into energy consumption in the United States and Europe .
The bearish impact was countered by Tropical Storm Edouard , which was barreling across a major oil and gas producing area of the northern Gulf of Mexico .
Oil derricks in a file photo .
REUTERS / Sergei Karpukhin
The storm affected shipping and port operations , triggered evacuations and minor production outages offshore , and forced at least one refinery along the coast to shut .
The storm was expected to come ashore at close to hurricane strength Tuesday on the Texas - Louisiana coast .
Traders also were nervous that supplies could be disrupted as a result of tension between the West and the world ’s fourth - largest oil producer , Iran .
“ Despite all these bullish inferences a lower market must mean that participants have an infinitely greater concern about a deteriorating global economy , ” Mike Fitzpatrick , vice president at MF Global , said in a note .
The head of Iran ’s revolutionary guard was quoted as saying Iran could close the Straits of Hormuz , a key Gulf shipping route , if it were attacked over its nuclear program .
Mohammad Ali Jafari ’s comments followed a telephone meeting between Iran and representatives of six world powers about Tehran ’s nuclear program in which the Islamic Republic said it would press ahead in spite of a demand to halt the work .
Oil supplies already have been disrupted from Nigeria , the world ’s No. 8 oil exporter , as a result of militant attacks that have cut about a fifth of its production .
Gunmen kidnapped two French expatriates near the country ’s oil industry hub of Port Harcourt in the restive Niger delta , military and security sources said on Sunday .
High energy prices have been of concern in the United States , the world largest consumer of oil already battered by a housing and credit crisis .
U.S. presidential candidate Barack Obama called on Monday for swapping some of the oil in the country ’s Strategic Petroleum Reserve , a move his campaign said was aimed at lowering the price of gasoline .
It 's a wrap !
Thank you to all our speakers and attendees .
Please take our online survey to help us plan for the next Linux Plumbers Conference .
https://linuxplumbersconf.org/survey
The Conference is Sold Out but you can still watch the Live Stream
Yes , a virtual conference can sell out when it reaches the theoretical limit of its server capacity , which is what happened to Plumbers .
If you did n't manage to get a ticket , you can still watch the conference in real time over the live stream .
Simply go here to select your stream .
August 24 - 28 2020 , on the wider Internet
The Linux Plumbers Conference for 2020 happened as an online event taking place 24 - 28 August .
We have worked hard to recreate as much of the feel of an in - person LPC as possible .
How to Watch LPC 2020
The conference was streamed live on YouTube .
Follow the Watch Live link in the menu or click here .
Social Media
Please follow us on Twitter for any last minute updates and to stay connected : @ LinuxPlumbers
Please use the hash # LinuxPlumbers to make it easier for all to see and interact with your posts .
You can also mention @ LinuxPlumbers
You can also follow us on Facebook or Youtube .
Hashtag : # LinuxPlumbers
Sponsorship opportunities
Linux Plumbers Conference would not be possible without our sponsors .
Many thanks to all the great organizations that have supported Linux Plumbers Conference over the years .
New sponsorship opportunities are available for 2020 !
We hope that your organization will consider joining our amazing growing list of sponsors this year .
Find out more here .
When trade flares up as a political issue -- as it is likely to do in the presidential campaign this year -- one aspect of the debate is almost always neglected .
There is a fierce competition among foreign countries to sell their products here , in the United States , the largest commercial market in the world .
Moreover , by opening up our market to Muslim countries , we could not only help American consumers , but also serve a larger strategic goal : that of boosting the economies which now produce large pools of unemployed , embittered ...
Happiness Inequality # 2 : Differences Between Groups
Yesterday I showed that happiness inequality has fallen since the 1970’s .
The natural question is : Why ?
To answer this , we ran an analysis that simultaneously estimated the evolution of happiness through time , by education , race , gender , age , marital status , and region .
Here are a few graphs summarizing these findings .
( To think about the units on these graphs , we basically convert each person ’s happiness level into a “ z - score ” ; for instance , my happiness z- score is about 1.2 , indicating that I ’m 1.2 standard deviations happier than the average person . )
First , we find that the rising wage gap between college graduates and high school graduates ( and high school dropouts ) has been paralleled by a rising happiness gap by education :
( The year - to - year bumps largely reflect statistical noise , as we are asking a smallish dataset to speak to a range of issues . )
Second , just as racial wage gaps have declined , so too has the racial happiness gap .
In fact , the declining significance of race is quite striking :
Turning to gender , Betsey and I have previously written about the “ Paradox of Declining Female Happiness , ” and our finding that women are becoming less happy shows up again :
Thus , happiness trends by race and gender point to declining happiness inequality , while the trends by education point to rising inequality .
We have also analyzed trends by region , age group , and marital status , although I ’ll leave you to read the full paper to see them .
( Hint : Turn to Figure 6 . )
How important are these trends in the overall scheme of things ?
That ’s the topic I ’ll return to in tomorrow ’s post .
AUGUST 27 -- A Los Angeles man who allegedly posted nine pirated tracks from ' Chinese Democracy , ' the long - overdue album from Guns N' Roses , was arrested today by FBI agents and charged with violating federal copyright laws .
According to investigators , Kevin Cogill , 27 , first posted the songs to his web site in June and , after being contacted by a lawyer for the band , claimed that traffic to his site was so large that it caused his server to crash .
According to an affidavit filed in U.S. District Court in Los Angeles , Cogill claimed that he had deleted the songs from his server and from his personal computer .
An excerpt from the affidavit can be found here .
When confronted by federal agents , Cogill , who uses the name ' Skwerl ' online , admitted posting the songs on his web site , antiquiet.com .
He uploaded the songs from a computer at the online ad sales company where he works .
If convicted of the felony count , Cogill faces up to five years in prison .
( 5 pages )
The Financial Post is running my piece this morning in its opinion page presenting the Austrian perspective on the financial crisis and criticizing the followers of Milton Friedman who 've been supporting , along with left - Keynesians ( and Karl Marx ! ) statist and inflationist policies .
Le Financial
Post publie ce matin mon article d'opinion sur la crise financière , qui présente le point de vue autrichien et critique celui des partisans de Milton Friedman qui se rangent , avec la gauche keynésienne ( et avec Karl Marx ! ) , du côté des partisans de l'étatisme et de l'inflation .
MM
**********
Bailout marks Karl Marx 's comeback
Martin Masse
Financial Post , September 30 , 2008 , FP13
In his Communist Manifesto published in 1848 , Karl Marx proposed 10 measures to be implemented after the proletariat takes over power , with the aim of centralizing all instruments of production in the hands of the state .
Proposal # 5 was to bring about the " centralization of credit in the banks of the state , by means of a national bank with state capital and an exclusive monopoly . "
If he were to rise from the dead today , Marx might be delighted to discover that most economists and financial commentators , including many who claim to favour the free market , agree with him .
Indeed , analysts at several organisations known to oppose government intervention , and commentators in the Wall Street Journal and in this very page , have made declarations in favour of the massive " injection of liquidities " engineered by central banks in recent months , the government takeover of giant financial institutions , as well as the still stalled $ 700 - billion bailout package .
Some of the same voices were calling for similar interventions following the burst of the dotcom bubble in 2001 .
" Whatever happened to the modern followers of my free - market opponents ? "
Marx would likely wonder .
At first glance , anyone who understands economics can see that there is something wrong with this picture .
The taxes that will need to be levied to finance this package may keep some firms alive , but they will siphon off capital , kill jobs and make businesses less productive elsewhere .
Increasing the money supply is no different .
It is an invisible tax that redistributes resources to debtors and those who made unwise investments .
So why throw this sound free - market analysis overboard as soon as there is some downturn in the markets ?
The rationale for intervening always seems to centre on the fear of reliving the Great Depression .
If we let too many institutions fail because of insolvency , we are being told , there is a risk of a general collapse of financial markets , with the subsequent drying out of credit and the catastrophic effects this would have on all sectors of production .
This opinion , shared by Ben Bernanke , Henry Paulson and most of the right - wing political and financial establishments , is based on Milton Friedman 's thesis that the Fed aggravated the Depression by not pumping enough money into the financial system following the market crash of 1929 .
It sounds libertarian enough .
The misguided policies of the Fed , a government creature , and bad government regulation are held responsible for the crisis .
The need to respond to this emergency and keep markets running overrides concerns about taxing and inflating the money supply .
This is supposed to contrast with the left - wing Keynesian approach , whose solutions are strangely very similar despite a different view of the causes .
1088271 story
" In his 23 August opinion piece in CNet , Declan McCullagh wrote on Joe Biden 's suitability as the Democratic VP nominee , Declan quotes me , creating the impression I criticized Biden for some legislation that Biden introduced in 1991 .
Declan 's quote from me is out of context because it does not make it clear that I never mentioned Biden in my original quote at all when I wrote about Senate Bill 266 .
Second , Declan 's quote is drawn from remarks I wrote in 1999 .
Declan seems to be trying to draft me in his opposition to Biden , and , by extension , makes it seem as if I am against the Democratic ticket .
I take issue with this . "
Read below for the rest of Phil 's comments .
A couple of days ago we discussed a CNet article on the tech voting record of Joe Biden , Barack Obama 's running mate .
Philip Zimmermann , who was mentioned in that piece , sends the following note to set the record straight .
Read below for the rest of Phil 's comments .
When someone serves in the Senate for 30 years , we have to judge them by their whole body of work .
Much has happened since 1991 .
I do n't know what Biden 's position would be today on the issue of encryption , but I would imagine it has changed , because I can't think of any politicians today who would try to roll back our hard - won gains in our right to use strong crypto .
In fact , considering the disastrous erosion in our privacy and civil liberties under the current administration , I feel positively nostalgic about Biden 's quaint little non-binding resolution of 1991 .
Declan 's article seems to imply that I would prefer McCain over the Democratic ticket .
But McCain 's stated policies on wiretapping , the Patriot Act and other policies that undermine privacy and civil liberties are a seamless continuation on the current administration 's policies .
Victimized by Astrology and ... Veganism ?
Web site warns of the dangers associated with odd , and not so odd , beliefs .
July 22 , 2008  -- Tim Farley 's interest in skepticism , which seeks to expose dubious claims , started when he began listening to comedian and outspoken doubter Penn Jillette 's radio show .
It was through the show that he heard about the skeptic community , became involved through meetings and decided to find a way to contribute .
So in February , the software engineer from Atlanta started compiling news reports of those victimized by psychics , faith healing and other new age beliefs and posting them on his Web site .
" A lot of stories I see of people getting harmed by these various types of belief systems often appear and disappear very quickly , " Farley says .
" So I was hoping to capture some of this and create a resource for skeptics to point to when they make their arguments . "
The site he created , Whatstheharm.net , serves as a virtual warehouse of cautionary tales .
Think there 's no harm in astrology ?
Click around and you 'll find cases such as that of Myanmar 's former prime minister , General Ne Win , who decided to issue the nation 's currency in denominations of 45 and 90 and other multiples of nine , a number his astrologer said was his lucky number .
The move immediately made citizens poorer since all other once - valid forms of currency were now worthless .
" I think it 's excellent , " Michael Shermer , president of The Skeptics Society , says of the site .
" ' What 's the harm ? ' is the question that all of us skeptics get asked whenever we do interviews on T.V. or debate people about irrational beliefs .
And often , they are quite harmful . "
Farley also uses the site to draw attention to what he says are the hidden dangers of seemingly benign things such as relying on GPS , home child birth and even being a vegetarian , a topic that has drawn quite a bit of heat from some of the site 's users .
" Some vegans have sent me e-mails that say ' why do n't you put up a section about people who have gotten hurt from eating meat ? ' or ' I know a guy who choked on a chicken bone , ' " he recalls , with a slight chuckle .
However , others like Len Torine , who heads the American Association of Vegetarians , does n't see any humor in what he considers a " slur on veganism and vegetarianism , " which he finds " aggravating . "
" These are stories of disturbed , irresponsible people and has more to with the administrating person instead of the diet , " Torine says .
" They 're just extreme examples and has nothing to do with veganism or vegetarianism .
It 's just nonsense .
It 's just silly . "
While Farley admits that the site does have a point of view , he stresses that he is n't opposed to vegetable - based diets and says that what he 's trying to point out is that younger children , like toddlers and babies , have different nutritional needs than adults , requirements that can be met simply by learning how to arrange an appropriate vegetarian diet .
Besides being a resource for his fellow skeptics , Farley feels the site encourages visitors to think more critically .
" There are a lot of ads on the Internet that try to sell you unproven health products and I am trying to spend a bit of my time to counter that kind of message , " he says .
" Am I going to convince a true believer with my site ?
I do n't think so .
But what I hope to do is to convince a person who is on the edge of pursuing some of these ideas on the site to think twice about it . "
And to prove that skeptics do n't always take everything so seriously , Farley created a section categorized " Moon Landing Denial , " where he highlights the case of Bart Sibrel , a documentary filmmaker who was punched in the face by former astronaut Buzz Aldrin after he asked the moonwalker himself to swear on a Bible that NASA 's moon landing was n't staged .
The section " is mainly for the skeptics because they are entertained by that stuff , " he says .
" Skeptics are out there all the time arguing with people on various Web sites and it can get frustrating . "
Jeffrey Taylor , U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia , address the media about the anthrax investigation , Aug. 6 , 2008 .
( AP Photo / Lawrence Jackson ) Last Wednesday , U.S. Attorney Jeffrey Taylor said of Bruce Ivins , the biodefense researcher who committed suicide as prosecutors prepared to indict him in connection with the 2001 anthrax attacks :
" We believe we could have proven Dr. Ivins 's guilt beyond a reasonable doubt .
We regret that we will not have the opportunity to present evidence to the jury . "
Two days later , ...
Israel ready to attack Iran without USA ’s permission
Israel has entered the last phase of its war preparations against Iran .
Recent resignation of Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert , a proponent of negotiations and concessions , and several other factors speak well for the imminent war .
Israel ’s recent creation of the US missile defense shield can be another addition on the list .
The US administration also tries to use the Israeli forces to play a dirty trick on Russia .
Israel ready to attack Iran without USA ’s permission
The resignation of the Israeli prime minister has become another reason to raise the subject of imminent war between Israel and Iran .
Many Israeli politicians dislike Ehud Olmert ’s views on the need to conduct negotiations with neighboring states , as well as his intention to discuss an opportunity to return Golan Heights to Syria .
There are other aspects which testify to a possible war in the nearest future .
The USA is going to ship a radar station to Israel to track down missile launches .
Furthermore , the United States intends to use the radar together with Israel .
The USA will provide Israel with early missile launch prevention information , as well as technical and financial aid for the creation of the missile defense system .
According to Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak , the radar station will be deployed in Israel before the new US administration officially takes the White House in January 2009 .
The US administration believes that the radar station is required to defend Israel against Iranian missiles .
It does not go about the deployment of interceptor missiles yet .
Nevertheless , it is obvious that the distance to Iran is almost the same as the distance to Russia , which vehemently opposes the deployment of US missile system in Europe .
The station will give the USA an opportunity to use its radar towards Russia freely , without any explanations or control .
In addition , the station will give Israel more confidence in its war preparations .
Israel acts by the law of war and seriously prepares to attack Iran ’s nuclear objects .
It transpired that the top Israeli administration had had a secret meeting with architect of Operation Opera , Retired General Aviam Sela .
It was Sela , who planned the surprised Israeli air strike against the Iraqi nuclear reactor 27 years ago .
In addition to Opera , the general also elaborated and conducted several operations to destroy Syrian air defense batteries in Lebanon during the First Lebanese War in 1982 .
Israeli officials have been talking about Iranian nuclear threat for about a decade .
However , now is the time , when Tel Aviv seriously considers a question about the use of military force against Iran .
The nuclear issue is obviously the key question in the opposition between Iran and Israel , but there is a more global question , which explains why Israel fears Iran .
Iran strives to obtain the status of a regional superpower against the background of its open hostility against Israel .
Iran ’s views and intentions pose a threat to Israel ’s role and place in the Middle East .
Iranian nuclear weapons endanger the existence of the State of Israel even if the weapons are used with the deterrent value only .
One shall assume that Israel may claim its entire responsibility for the start of a military action against Iran , if the action takes place , of course .
Ex-head of Mossad , Shabtai Shavit said that Israel would not be waiting for USA ’s permission to attack Iran ’s nuclear facilities .
The US administration does not hurry to use its military force against Iran ’s nuclear program .
US officials prefer to wage psychological war against Iran , which could also be a good start of a real war .
Nevertheless , there is a number of circumstances , which do not let the USA launch a large - scale military action against Iran .
The current political stability in Iraq and Afghanistan leaves much to be desired .
A limited contingent of coalition troops in Afghanistan is obviously not enough to conduct large - scale military operations in the south of the war - torn nation .
US and coalition troops make up about 200,000 people in the region .
The Pentagon cannot provide more .
Iran will not miss a chance to strike back on oil pipelines and oil structures of neighboring Arab states .
Even a slight military action in the region may cause serious damage to the world economy .
The European Union , China and India will suffer from the possible fuel crisis most .
The USA would not mind weaker competitors , of course .
It is an open secret that the economies of those industrial giants largely depend on crude shipments from the Persian Gulf .
The war could be a good reason .
Vladimir Anokhin
If you are here it is assumed you have a dual screen monitor or two monitors .
All our dual monitor wallpapers are free and many more are added all the time , usually every day .
New features are always being developed and if you have any dual monitor backgrounds you would like to see added to the site just register and upload them .
So please get involved with the site by rating wallpapers and support the artists ( many of whom frequent this site ) by commenting on the images .
Critique is also encouraged .
To get started , just click on a category at the bottom of this page or use the search box up top and enjoy our amazing range of dual monitor backgrounds !
We really appreciate donations which go to helping us pay for server costs .
Click here to donate to dmb .
( Collapse
Dear Author ,
We appreciate your submission of your short story , " In the Year 2008 , " to Astonishing Chronicles magazine .
However , we regret to inform you that we cannot publish your story .
As the premier science - fiction periodical , Astonishing Chronicles publishes stories ranging from the merely hypothetical to the completely outlandish , but you should not infer from this that we have no standards when it comes to story settings .
To be concise , each story must be internally consistent .
Once you establish a facet of your setting , whether mundane or fantastical , you must be true to that aspect of your story , and follow it to its logical consequences .
This is where your story falls apart .
Alt Text Podcast
Download audio files and subscribe to the Alt Text podcast .
Just to point out one glaring example .
You suggest that in 1945 – a mere 15 years from now – scientists will invent an explosive that can destroy an entire city .
This is , of course , entirely unlikely , but that is not the issue here .
The issue is this :
You postulate that after an initial two deployments of these " atomic bombs , " a number of nations build up their own arsenals of these weapons , and yet nobody uses them in the ensuing 40 - some years .
How is the reader intended to take this seriously ?
When in history have antagonistic civilizations stockpiled the most modern of weapons , and then failed to make use of them ?
At the very least , weaker states without atomic armaments of their own should have long since been absorbed into your so - called " super powers . "
On a more individual level , let us take a look at the people in your story .
You seem to forget that even in the future , women will remain women .
Science fiction is based in science , and there is ample scientific evidence that women are genetically unable to achieve as men do , unless you consider raising a number of children while keeping a home to be an " achievement . "
You suggest that in your world of 2008 , going to an art gallery or attending a poetry reading will be considered by many to be a womanly activity .
This is patently ridiculous , as it is well established that women are not able to appreciate art or literature on the same level that men do .
However , it pales in comparison to your casting of a woman as a viable presidential candidate .
Even considering that her campaign does not survive the primaries , this is laughable .
If this part was intended to be farce , it was ill - conceived and poorly constructed .
If it was not , I simply do not know what to say .
Finally , while Astonishing Chronicles does not shy away from frank portrayal of amorous physical considerations , I must sternly remind you that we do not publish smut .
In the end , your story seems less like an earnest attempt to explore the future than it is an excuse to depict your extremely unhealthy erotic fantasies .
Your 2008 reads like a sexual maniac 's slavering fever dreams : a world where the daughters of prominent families bare their midriffs with no fear of social censure , where unnatural coital devices hang in general stores next to legitimate medical needs and where even more depraved debaucheries are delivered into homes via wire , much like a milkman delivering the day 's sustenance .
I have seen many futures in my occupation , but yours has the dubious distinction of being simultaneously the most chilling and the most laughable .
I take solace in knowing that a society as degenerate and well - armed as the one you postulate would have blown itself to kingdom come long before 2008 .
Yours Sincerely ,
Armand J. Quaestor
Submissions Editor
Astonishing Chronicles
- - -
Born helpless , nude and unable to provide for himself , Lore Sjöberg eventually overcame these handicaps to become a speculator , a spectator and a spectrometer .
Back to the Batcave : Grading More of Batman's Gear
Grading Batman's Gear
Documentaries Decoded for Half - Dressed Movie Fans
Earth to Aliens : We 're a Bunch of Dorks
Killjoy Cooking With the Dungeons & Dragons Crowd
N -E-S- T-L-E-S ;
Time to go with all the rest Speaking of sponsorships , we 'd told you about the shaky ground the once vast Nestle ' sponsorship was on at Disneyland .
Since we last updated you on that , the sponsorship deal has begun to formally disintegrate and Nestle ' brand logos are now disappearing from all over Disneyland property .
The Disneyland Kennel Club is no longer sponsored by Friskies , which was a brand owned by Nestle ' .
Guess where the sponsor 's logo was .
Just a few weeks ago the French Market Restaurant in New Orleans Square lost its decades old sponsorship by Stouffers , which is also a brand name owned by corporate giant Nestle ' .
For you younger readers , Stouffers was a brand that had various sponsorships in Disneyland dating back to the early 1960's , predating their corporate takeover by Nestle ' in 1973 .
The Tiki Room was going to be sponsored by Stouffers
when it was originally planned to be a restaurant .
But with Nestle ' on the way out , Stouffers goes too , and Disneyland loses a sponsor of 45 years .
Ironically , it was their takeover of Stouffers in 1973 that first got Nestle ' a corporate presence inside Disney parks .
Thus far , the Disneyland place - names Carnation Cafe and Carnation Plaza Gardens are still safe .
Even though Carnation Ice Cream , yet another Nestle ' owned brand , is now off the menu , the Disney lawyers have come to a tentative agreement with Nestle ' that the names have historical significance that outweighs their association with a specific ice cream once served there .
Mickey , Can You Hear Me ?
If any of these changes bother you enough to go fill out a comment card at Disneyland 's guest relations office in City Hall , you need not bother .
In late July all Guest Relations offices in Disneyland and DCA stopped allowing any visitor to fill out a comment card or leave any comment in writing .
Whether it's a compliment about a great Jungle Cruise skipper , or a complaint about cold gumbo in New Orleans Square , you can no longer write anything down at Disneyland Guest Relations .
Believe it or not , this new decree comes from Disney 's legal department who was getting tired of being threatened with lawsuits from angry park visitors upset about something they had put on a complaint form at City Hall .
Lawsuits , mainly coming out of the Florida parks , had begun to pester the Burbank legal team from issues ranging from the placement of popcorn wagons , to the installation of major E Ticket attractions like Soarin ' .
When a visitor filled out a comment form and wrote things like " You should n't have so many popcorn wagons cluttering the walkways around parade time " , and then returned on a future visit and found the walkways near the parade route moving smoothly they would rush home and tell their lawyer that Disney took my operational suggestion but did n't pay me .
The lawyer would smell blood in the water and fire up a lawsuit claiming Disney changed their procedures based on their clients suggestion and owed their client consultant fees .
A similar suit was attempted by someone who had enjoyed riding Soarin ' Over California at DCA in 2001 , and then filled out a comment card at Epcot 's Guest Relations desk in 2002 suggesting that Disney bring the popular ride to Florida .
Once Soarin ' was added to The Land pavilion at Epcot in ' 05 , the visitor was convinced it was his written suggestion that put the idea in management 's head to add Soarin ' to the park , and he demanded he be compensated for the idea .
So , to avoid any ability to formally accept written suggestions , comments , or criticism of park policy or operation , the lawyers have removed the ability to leave any written comment at Guest Relations .
Instead , the Guest Relations hosts and hostesses that staff that busy desk will only take verbal comments , whether good or bad .
The Guest Relations office then compiles a list of the comments and phones the manager or department mentioned in the comment .
The comments are given verbally over the phone , and the list of comments are then shredded in the back office throughout the day .
Nothing is allowed to be emailed or sent in inter - office mail to anyone , as the communication all needs to stay entirely verbal .
The ability for City Hall Cast Members to even jot down notes or names of Cast Members was even a problem for Disney 's legal department , but it was deemed acceptable only when the shredders were installed and Guest Relations management agreed to monitor the process .
If a visitor absolutely insists on writing a letter , the Guest Relations CM 's can give the park visitor the snail mail address for Disney 's corporate legal office , and that 's when the real fun begins .
Assuming the park visitor actually takes the time to write a letter the old fashioned way and send it to Burbank , the letter is opened by hand and scanned by a small batallion of office drones in cubicles , and when the letter contains a phrase or sentence that mentions a visit to a Disney park , it is folded closed .
Once closed , the visitors letter is attached to a form letter that politely informs the reader that this correspondence has been formally rejected by Disney for liability reasons and has been returned to the sender without further acknowledgement of the company .
The form letter and the visitor 's original letter are then stuffed into a larger envelope , and the packet is returned to the sender via regular mail .
The whole thing should prove to be pretty frustrating for anyone complaining about cold gumbo or swarms of vending carts , but at least the lawyers can breathe easier .
The Do-it - Yourself systems , “ How to Use the 60 Ways to Save Money , ” will lead you to make smart financial decisions , one at a time .
This is the “ how ” of saving money .
What can help you to save money ?
Just about everyone thinks differently , and just as many think differently in the same way .
Let ’s face it , we all do it .
Even if we have a system , that does n’t mean it works well , it just means that you ’ve figured out how to apply it in a good way .
That ’s why , if you want to be successful with your money matters , just like in high school math , your system has to be set up right , otherwise , it will be only making it difficult for you to save .
All right , so , here is a good option to save money .
I love water heaters because they ’re economical .
I even used to borrow some from friends in the past and save myself the cost of the fuel .
Sometimes I still do that .
I also think that is another “ How to Save Money . ”
Since you already have a heater , you need to fill it with just a little water , or even large amounts of water , and this is where you ’ll be saving money .
If you feel like leaving your heater on a lot , then you may want to consider taking care of it by yourself .
You can save money on your electric bill ?
Did you know that you can save money on your electric bill , without needing to take any appliances off the grid ?
The only thing you ’ll need is a bottle of gas , and the electricity .
Again , the system works just the same .
And it ’s called renewable energy , so , it will help you to save on your water bills .
But how to save money on your water is quite another issue .
And you can only use alternative sources of energy .
For the next month , you will need to use wood pellets for your water heater .
But now , you may think that it is a lot of trouble to get up and get those pellets every month .
Okay , it is n’t the way to save money , but it is true that you can save a bundle , and that will pay for itself in no time .
You can use recycled wood pellets , which is the way to go .
Many people use it now .
A great place to learn is just about every place you can look at .
Not only the internet but many magazines can provide you with great information .
Now , while there are lots of these articles , I will mention how to save money on your electric bill , and water heater , in this one .
Well , you could save a bundle on heating your water this winter .
Begin saving money ?
Once you begin saving money on these major household maintenance costs , you can keep spending less on your monthly bills .
And , that ’s the next step .
So , the next time you have to pay your bills , you will be surprised by how much money you can save each month .
Saving money is not hard to do .
It ’s just a matter of learning how to apply your system and apply it properly .
There will be the odd person here and there that may disagree , but generally speaking most people seemed to think that this summer ’s “ The Incredible Hulk ” was a step up from the previous incarnation given to us by Ang Lee .
One of the reasons was obviously the different take on Doctor Bruce Banner that Edward Norton brought to the project ( not to mention re-writting the script ) .
However , if you ’re hoping that Norton will return as The Hulk for the upcoming Avengers movie , or that perhaps he ’ll turn green again for a possible Hulk sequel … do n’t hold your breath .
Things are n’t looking too good on that front for several reasons :
1 ) The movie , while liked by audiences , was not nearly the box office success the studio was hoping for , especially coming off the massive success of Iron Man
2 ) There was a well publicized spat between Norton and studio execs over the project leading up to the release of the film which Norton did little to no promotion of .
3 ) Despite re-writting the script , Norton was stripped of the writing credit
4 ) Norton himself now does n’t sound all that optimistic about it .
The good folks over at ComingSoon give us this :
The Incredible Hulk star Edward Norton tells MTV he is uncertain about the green fella ’s future .
“ The minds of Marvel are sometimes opaque , ” Norton said .
“ I wo n’t say [ they ’re ] obtuse , but I do n’t have any idea what they want to do . ”
“ They ’ve got this notion of collecting the Marvel characters , ” Norton said .
“ Who knows where they ’ll go ? ”
I ’m not going to say “ case closed ” at this point , but things certainly do n’t look promising for Norton to return .
The question now is , who do they get to fill his shoes for The Avengers if Norton does n’t come back ?
This may sound a bit far fetched … but how about getting Eric Bana to return ?
Even people who did n’t like the first Hulk movie still generally seems to agree he was pretty good in it .
Just a thought .
See the world below you with remarkable clarity in this two person transparent canoe .
This hard shell transparent canoe provides 100 % visability .
It weighs only 40 lbs. , and is lighter than most aluminum or wood canoes .
For more designs , check out : 12 Unusual and Creative Boats
Following the US House of Representatives rejection of a $ 700 bn the financial bailout bill and the ensuing stock market carnage , it 's easy to overlook the unspoken victims of today 's Wall Street meltdown .
We 're referring , of course , to the machines running the House 's official web site .
Millions of individuals seeking information about the forsaken legislation have slowed its 10 servers to a crawl .
" We have n't had this much demand since the 9/11 commission report , " a spokesman for the House sysadmin Jeff Ventura told the AP .
Site visitors eager for more information on the bill or wishing to email House members will endure fantastically reduced speeds while a tidal wave of packets jostle for attention .
Ventura said he expects the slowdown — which affects all House member websites — to last until Tuesday .
He pledges technicians will be working through the night to help handle the massively increased traffic .
Other sites that eyeball US legislation have also taken a severe beating today .
GovTrack.us was shut down late today , posting a message that read " so many people are searching for the economic relief bill that GovTrack can't handle it .
" Take a break and come back later when the world cools off ! "
News sites such as The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal were also pummeled immediately following Congress ' rejection of the bailout bill . ®
Microsoft calls bailout decision a critical error
In case you were wondering how Microsoft stands on the issue , it 's not terribly pleased .
Redmond said today the bill 's failure to pass could result in a blue screen of death for the economy .
" Microsoft strongly urges members of the U.S. House of Representatives to reconsider and to support legislation that will re-instill confidence and stability in the financial markets , " Microsoft general counsel Brad Smith said in a statement .
" This legislation is vitally important to the health and preservation of jobs in all sectors of the economy of Washington State and the nation , and we urge Congress to act swiftly . "
So far all we are getting is crap like " Can a woman win the presidency ? " .
" Can a black man win the presidency ? " blah blah blah anything but the REAL important issues that face us .
I think what the USA needs right here and now is some good patriotic Americans who are willing to show up to some of these lame ass Presidential Campaign events , especially the debates , and get some of these candidates to respond to the question :
Why do n't you fight to IMPEACH NOW ?
( or something similar )
If we can enough people to do it over time and essentially hijack the agenda the lamestream media is trying to spoonfeed us then Congress might feel some real pressure to ' do the right thing ' ..... maybe not ?
cya
Ben
Looking at the results of a good website design helps improve and inspires our own designs , getting into the mind of a designer can be invaluable .
There do n’t seem to be many design postmortems published these days , but some designer do discuss their designs and the reasoning behind what they did .
Below you ’ll find a collection of blog posts from designers discussing their website designs :
Website : Erratic Wisdom
Tom Fadial : http://erraticwisdom.com/2008/01/21/the-new-erratic-wisdom
Website : Monacle
Dan Hill : http://www.cityofsound.com/blog/2008/04/monocle-design.html
Website : Coolspotters
Mark Boulton Design : http://www.markboultondesign.com/work/detail/coolspotters/
Website : Problogger.net
Ben Bleikamp : http://www.bleikamp.com/2007/08/11/redesign-of-probloggernet/
Website : Adii
Adii : http://www.adii.co.za/2007/09/03/the-redesign-post-op/
Website : Positive Space
http://www.positivespaceblog.com/archives/the-positive-space-redesign-rationale/
Website : Avalonstar
Bryan Veloso : http://avalonstar.com/blog/2008/mar/30/design-distortion/
Website : Veerle ’s Blog
Veerle Pieters : http://veerle.duoh.com/blog/comments/design_phase_of_my_new_blog/
Website : Jeff Croft
Jeff Croft : http://jeffcroft.com/blog/2008/feb/16/more-details-redesign/
Website : Darren Hoyt
Darren Hoyt : http://www.darrenhoyt.com/2008/05/23/a-site-redesign-for-spring2008/
Website : Blog Hearld
Thord Daniel Hedengren : http://www.blogherald.com/2008/08/02/the-blog-herald-relaunches/
Website : MSNBC.com
Mike Davidson : http://www.mikeindustries.com/blog/archive/2007/11/msnbc-redesigns-taste-the-rainbow
Website : AIGA.org
Jason Santa Maria : http://v3.jasonsantamaria.com/archive//2007/03/01/aiga_redesign.php
Website : ExpressionEngine.com
Jesse Bennett - Chamberlain : http://www.digital-web.com/articles/redesigning_the_expressionengine_site/
If you know any more please post links via the comments .
The project , the brainchild of engineer Thomas Gnsicke , is an engineering exercise and therefore has rather whimsical features .
Most noticeable are the car ’s canoe - like proportions :
It ’s 4 feet wide and 11 feet long .
Occupants sit tandem , the passenger straddling the driver ’s seat , both wedged under a 4 - foot - long gullwing canopy .
Three video cameras eliminate the mileage - reducing wind drag of rear view mirrors .
Wheels are faired in , side - cooling air inlets open only when necessary , and even the keylocks have been replaced by a proximity unlocking system .
The resulting coefficient of drag is 0.159 , compared with 0.30 or so for most production cars .
How to do date arithmetic in Linux shell scripts using GNU date command ?
-d
-- date
date -d " last month " +%m
date -d " 2 month ago " +%b
date -d " - 2 month " +%B
date -d " - 1 hours " +%H
date -d " tomorrow "
date -d " yesterday " + " %d %B %y "
date -d " last week " +%a
date -d " - 1 month " +%B
date -d " $( date +%Y - %m - 15 ) - 1 month " +' Last month was %B !'
date -d " 1970-01-01 00:00:01 UTC " +%s
date -d " 1970-01-01 1234567890 sec " + "
%F %T %z "
How to write and compile a simple date arithmetic C program ?
gcc -o program_name program_source_code.c
#include < stdio.h > # include < time.h > # define c_DaySecs 86400 int main ( int argc , char ** argv ) { int Day ; time_t TotSec ; struct tm * TimeStruct ; if ( argc != 2 ) { printf ( " Syntax
\t %s nth - Day
" , argv [ 0 ] ) ; return 1 ; } else { Day = atoi( argv [ 1 ] ) ; TotSec = time ( NULL ) ; TotSec = TotSec + ( Day * c_DaySecs ) ; TimeStruct = localtime( & TotSec ) ; printf ( " %i days is %s " , Day , ctime ( & TotSec ) ) ; printf ( " %i days is %i-%i-%i
" , \ Day , TimeStruct -> tm_mday , \ TimeStruct -> tm_mon + 1 , \ TimeStruct -> tm_year + 1900 ) ; TimeStruct = NULL ; return 0 ; } }
#include < stdio.h > # include < time .h > int main ( int argc , char ** argv ) { time_t TimeNow ; struct tm * TimeStruct ; if ( argc < 2 || argc >
3 ) { printf ( " Syntax
\t %s SEC FLAG
" , argv [ 0 ] ) ; return 1 ; } else { TimeNow = atoi( argv [ 1 ] ) ; if ( argv [ 2 ] == NULL || atoi( arg v [ 2 ] ) == 0 ) { TimeStruct = localtime( & TimeNow ) ; printf ( " %s in Local Timezone is %s " , \ argv [ 1 ] , asctime ( TimeStruct ) ) ; } else { TimeStruct = gmtime( & TimeNow ) ; printf ( " %s in GMT is %s " , \ argv [ 1 ] , asctime ( TimeStruct ) ) ; } return 0 ; } }
#include < stdio.h > # include < time .h > int main ( int argc , char ** argv ) { int DD , MM , YYYY = 0 ; time_t TimeNow ; struct tm * TimeStruct ; if ( argc != 4 ) { printf ( " Syntax
\t %s DD MM YYYY
" , argv [ 0 ] ) ; return 1 ; } else { DD = atoi( argv [ 1 ] ) ; MM = atoi( argv [ 2 ] ) ; YYYY = atoi( argv [ 3 ] ) ; TimeNow = time ( NULL ) ; TimeStruct = localtime ( & TimeNow ) ; TimeStruct -> tm_year = YYYY - 1900 ; TimeStruct -> tm_mon = MM - 1 ; TimeStruct -> tm_mday = DD ; TimeNow = mktime ( TimeStruct ) ; printf ( " %ld
" , TimeNow ) ; return 0 ; } }
Custom Search
How to write a Linux shell scripts that backup previous month data files on monthly basis ?
Of course , it involves date time calculation !
Unless you ’re using GNU Coreutils / GNU date , doing date arithmetic in shell scripts will not be that straight - forward as a novice think !
I just ca n’t recall that SCO Unix and Concurrent Real Time Unix ( RTU ) have GNU date installed , when I was exposed to Unix for the first time in year 2000 .
But , I believe that GNU Coreutils is a standard package that available on most Linux distributions as of today .
GNU date is one of the many common Linux programs in GNU Coreutils package .
Here are some of the examples of performing date time arithmetic with GNU date command , usingoroption switch : Return as last month in numeric formatReturn as last month in abbreviated month nameReturn as last month in full month nameReturns previous hour in 24 - hours format ( 00 - 23 ) Return the date and time of tomorrowReturn the date of yesterday in dd MMM yyReturn last week in abbreviated weekday nameTo avoid getting result of “ July ” when executingon 31 July 2006 , because “ 2006 - 07-31 - 1 month ” might evaluate to 2006 - 07 - 01 , because 2006 - 06 - 31 is an invalid date !
Return the Unix Epoch time ( the total seconds elapse since midnight of 1970 - 01 - 01 ) , which is 1 secs in this case .
Return the literal date format of the given Unix Epoch time .
Is n’t it easier for date time calculation related shell scripts with GNU date installed ?
As said just now , GNU date is not a standard command in Unix variants .
In case GNU date is not available , you might need to write a rather long shell scripts to accommodate some simple date time calculations .
Potentially , it could end up as a messy or hard to maintain shell scripts !
In case GNU Coreutils / GNU
Date is not installed , you can write a simple C program in few lines of source code to satisfy the date arithmetic in shell scripts !
The compiled C program is highly portable among Unix / Linux variants , as the date arithmetic library ( time.h ) is a standard C library !
To compile the C program source code using GCC compiler , the general syntax for these simple source code is For C/ C++ tutorial or standard C/C++ library reference , I ’m referring to cplusplus.com Calculate the nth - day from today : Return the literal date of a given Unix Epoch time : To convert a give literal date to Unix Epoch Time ( total seconds elapsed since midnight of 1970 - 01-01 ) :
Novak , 77 , has earned a reputation around the capital as an aggressive driver .
Novak cited after hitting pedestrian
Syndicated columnist Robert D. Novak was cited by police after he hit a pedestrian with his black Corvette in downtown Washington , D.C. , on Wednesday morning .
A Politico reporter saw Novak in the front of a police car with a citation in his hand ; a WJLA - TV crew and reporter saw Novak as well .
The pedestrian , a 66 - year - old man who was not further identified by authorities , was treated at George Washington University Hospital for minor injuries , according to D.C. Fire and EMS .
Novak was later released by police and drove away from the scene .
Advertisement
“ I did n’t know I hit him .
... I feel terrible , ” a shaken Novak told reporters from Politico and WJLA as he was returning to his car .
" He 's not dead , that 's the main thing . "
Novak said he was a block away from 18th and K streets Northwest , where the accident occurred , when a bicyclist stopped him and said he had hit someone .
He said he was cited for failing to yield the right of way .
The bicyclist was David Bono , a partner at Harkins Cunningham , who was on his usual bike commute to work at 1700 K St. N.W. when he witnessed the accident .
As he traveled east on K Street , crossing 18th , Bono said " a black Corvette convertible with top closed plows into the guy .
The guy is sort of splayed into the windshield . ”
Bono said that the pedestrian , who was crossing the street on a " Walk " signal and was in the crosswalk , rolled off the windshield and that Novak then made a right into the service lane of K Street .
“ This car is speeding away .
What ’s going through my mind is , you just ca n’t hit a pedestrian and drive away , ” Bono said .
He said he chased Novak half a block down K Street , finally caught up with him and then put his bike in front of the car to block it and called 911 .
Traffic immediately backed up , horns blaring , until commuters behind Novak backed up so he could pull over .
Bono said that throughout , Novak " keeps trying to get away .
He keeps trying to go . ”
He said he vaguely recognized the longtime political reporter and columnist as a news personality but could not precisely place him .
Finally , Bono said , Novak put his head out the window of his car and motioned him over .
Bono said he told him that you can't hit a pedestrian and just drive away .
He quoted Novak as responding : “ I did n’t see him there . ”
A concierge at 1700 K Street said that she saw a bicyclist yelling and walked outside to see what the commotion was about .
" This guy hit somebody and he wo n't stop so I 'm going to stay here until the police come , " Aleta Petty quoted Bono as saying , as he stood in K Street , blocking traffic .
D.C. police confirmed that there was an accident at 18th and K streets NW at approximately 10 a.m. involving a black Corvette convertible and that the driver was a white male .
The intersection is in the hub of Washington ’s business district and is filled with pedestrians who work in the law firms and lobby shops that line the corridor .
Novak , 77 , has earned a reputation around the capital as an aggressive driver , easily identified in his convertible sports car .
In 2001 , he cursed at a pedestrian on the corner of Pennsylvania Avenue and 13th streets Northwest for allegedly jaywalking .
“ ’ Learn to read the signs , [ bodily orifice ] ! ’
Novak snapped before speeding away , ” according to an item in The Washington Post ’s Reliable Source column .
Novak explained to the paper : " He was crossing on the red light .
I really hate jaywalkers .
I despise them .
Since I do n't run the country , all I can do is yell at 'em .
The other option is to run 'em over , but as a compassionate conservative , I would never do that . "
Two years later , the same column reported that Novak had gone to a racing school in Florida .
" I 've wanted to be a racecar driver all my life , and anyone who has watched me drive can tell you that , ” Novak said .
Anne Schroeder Mullins and Adrienne Smutko contributed to this story .
More from ABC7 News : http://www.wjla.com/news/stories/0708/537957.html
Living in a constant state of fear is not good for your health on an individual level .
But scale up to the level of entire towns , states or countries , and the problem can be exacerbated by the psychology of mob behaviour .
[ image by krystenn ]
According to documents from the Department of Homeland Security , not only is it possible for fear of terrorism to create a contagious psychosomatic epidemic , but it ’s also already happened a couple of times – in the US and elsewhere .
Now , that may not be surprising in and of itself .
But take a look at some of the comment reactions on this BoingBoing post about a riot in the Congo that was triggered by accusations of witchcraft ; quite a few people find it ridiculous that anyone could be scared of witchcraft at all , let alone riot because of it .
And in our world , that ’s probably true … but what we fear is a function of the culture we live in .
The people of the Congo can blame their witchdoctors and priests for their irrational fears ; I suspect our Western paranoia comes from an entirely different sort of story - teller .
US President George Bush has said that legislators must act to prevent further damage to the financial markets .
RSL 's better half RSL Groupie
Join Date : Jun 2007 Posts : 1,167
RSL in hospital Hello , Everyone .
I just wanted you to know that my hubby will be out of commission for a while .
Robert suffered a stroke last night ( 8/4 ) .
Some bleeding showed up in the cat scan , and it's in an inoperable place - dead center in the brain .
The good news is that it is draining somewhat into the spinal cord .
The stroke has left him paralyzed on the left side - the blood is mostly on the right side of the brain .
Right now we are in a " wait and see " phase .
He is in CCU at a local hospital , and I 'm told he 'll likely be there a week .
( Before anyone asks , no - he can't have flowers in the CCU . )
He may go on from there to a rehabilitation facility where he may learn how to get the strength back on his left side .
That , however , is too far down the road to think about now .
There will be another cat scan to see if he is still bleeding or if it has stopped .
I will try to keep you posted on his progress , but news from me may be slow in coming .
Please think good thoughts or pray if you are of the mind to .
God bless you all .
Susan
Edit : Please read on .
As of 8/11 , there has been some progress .
Robert is doing better .
2nd Edit : Address for well wishing :
Robert Lancaster
c /o StopSylvia.com
3129 S. Hacienda Blvd . # 622
Hacienda Heights , CA 91745-6304
Make Money Blogging : Top Bloggers And How Much They Earn
Can you make money blogging ?
Apparently so , as these top bloggers can attest !
These days , when I bump into other mothers on play dates , or when I see people I have n’t seen for sometime , I get asked how and what I ’ve been doing lately .
I pause , then tell them that I “ blog ” .
That of course , inspires a lengthy discussion about the subject of “ blogging ” ; I tell them why I do it and why I ’ve traded my almost 20 year old career in technology and software development for this new - fangled activity .
Blogging is one of those “ cheap hobbies ” that turned me into an accidental entrepreneur .
It ’s work that I find enjoyable , that is sufficiently challenging , that allows me to keep learning and expanding my knowledge in so many ways ( and not just in the area of finance ) .
It ’s something that I can actually earn money from while affording me the ability to set my own hours and work on my own terms .
What more can you ask for in a “ job ” ?
Then again , it may not be for everyone : it can make you fat ( I believe ) and for some people , it ’s even a health hazard !
But if you ’re interested in giving it a go , here are the basic steps to get started :
How To Start Blogging
1. Learn the basics using a free blogging platform such as WordPress.com or Blogger.com .
Now there may be limitations with how you can monetize a site if you use these platforms .
More serious bloggers actually decide to get their own domains and self - host their blogs to have full control of their web properties .
2. Register your own domain and sign up with a hosting plan .
As I mentioned , serious bloggers who want to monetize their sites fully will benefit from hooking up with a solid and cheap hosting provider .
I initially used Dreamhost and Web Hosting Pad but then they gave me too much downtime and poor service , so I switched to Hostmonster , which has been awesome !
I have since moved my larger sites to SliceHost , but keep HostMonster for my other blogs and online projects .
One other good choice that I ’ve heard great feedback on is Bluehost .
As for domain registration , I ’ve been using GoDaddy .
Tip :
For more choices , I ’ve prepared a list of For more choices , I ’ve prepared a list of cheap web hosting services in case you ’d like additional options .
3. Download and set up the WordPress application in your hosted environment .
Your web host provider may be able to assist you with this .
4 . Be patient as you learn the ropes .
There ’s a lot to learn , but the best way to get inspired is to see how others have done it !
Here are a few enthralling details about successful bloggers that I sourced from BusinessWeek .
These profiles can inspire you to pursue your online aspirations :
Top Bloggers and The Money They Earn
These bloggers did not count on making big money ; they sound like they all became unexpected successes in the world of content publishing .
Note that these statistics and earnings were taken sometime in the past — as a snapshot in time — so I suspect much higher traffic and MUCH healthier revenues for these bloggers today .
In fact , I know very well that smaller blogs in some great niches make pretty good money along these lines .
Launched : January , 2000
Stats : 2.6 million unique visitors and 22 million page views in one month
Advertising Rates : $ 350 for a small ad button for one week
$ 2,000 to $ 3,000 for banner ads sold through the Federated Media ad network Posting Frequency : 20 to 40 times a day by 4 authors
Revenue : Over $ 1 million per year
All I can say is WOW !
Although I ’m still trying to grasp what it is they write about .
Launched : January , 2007
Stats : 500,000 to 1.5 million page views a day
Advertising Rates : $ 500 to $ 5,400 a week through BlogAds
Unknown earnings from Google AdSense and Adbrite Revenue : $ 5,600 per month
Behind this site is Eric Nakagawa , another software developer turned accidental entrepreneur .
The blog allows you to submit cute pictures of furry animals and other critters , with fun captions .
For the number of page views this site has , I believe their earnings are vastly understated .
Plus , according to the Wikipedia , some investors “ acquired ” this site for a cool $ 2 million around a year ago .
Is that for real ?
Just ask their nine salaried employees .
Launched : October , 2005
Stats : 20,000 unique visitors a day
Revenue : $ 12,000 a month
Okay , Shoemoney ’s blog revenue accounts for 3 % of his company ’s total revenue , given that he does a lot of other online ventures .
How we all want to be this guy !
Being such a big name in the internet realm , he ’s worked on a program to help others in their quest for online success .
You may be interested in checking out his ShoeMoney Internet Marketing Tools to give your internet business an edge .
Launched : March , 1998
Stats : 250,000 to 300,000 unique visitors a month
Revenue : $ 5,300 a month from a single , exclusive ad
Jason Kottke has n’t monetized his site much but I read that he ’s also receiving donations from “ micropatrons ” in order to devote himself full - time to his site .
Like a few of us financial bloggers , he ’s quit his real job to do the online thing .
Launched : September , 2004
Stats : 4 million unique visitors a day
Post Frequency : 24 posts on an average day , 40 posts on a very active day
Revenue : $ 111,000 a month based on ad rates
Perez Hilton aka Mario Lavandeira is a celebrity in his own right —
I ’ve seen him featured in a number of shows ( Janice Dickinson , anyone ? ) .
Some confessions : I ’m attracted to the salaciousness of his site , like I am of any train wreck .
I also occasionally fight the passing urge to revive my old pseudo - celebrity style blog that I shelved in favor of this PF blog .
😉 .
Launched : June , 2005
Stats : 5 million page views a month
Ad Rates : $ 300 per week , for a small text ad
“ Thousands ” for banner ads Revenue : $ 200,000 to $ 240,000 a month
In our very own backyard is this premiere Silicon Valley blog that introduces us to new startups 24/ 7 .
When there ’s a tech party with geeks around , you may find Michael Arrington making the rounds .
“ When I started the blog , it was just a hobby , ” says Arrington .
But , after a while , “ It was pretty clear that I could make more money blogging than from anything else . ”
Launched : July , 2004
Stats : 3.5 million unique visitors a month Ad Rates : $ 60 for a simple text ad
$ 3,000 for fancier banners Revenue : $ 6,240 a month
These lovely ladies are making great money with their blog , but with their traffic , they can probably make a lot more !
Launched : November , 2004
Revenue : Over $ 100,000 a year
The original problogger .
Out of the entire list , Darren Rowse ’s blog is the one I keep coming back to …. for good reason . 🙂
~ooOoo~
As you can see , there ’s a lot of opportunity in blogging …
It ’s the perfect type of work for creative types who can wear many hats .
If you ’re a jack of all trades who enjoys spending some amount of time in front of the computer , then this could be a great way to increase your income , to pick up extra income or to diversify your income streams .
For more on just how profitable blogs can get , check this out !
Image Credit : Valleywag , Adpulp , SFGate , The Sydney Morning Herald
Copyright © 2008 The Digerati Life .
All Rights Reserved .
The positive psychological effects of psilocybin – the active ingredient in hallucinogenic mushrooms – last for more than a year , say scientists .
Fourteen months after taking psilocybin pills administered by Johns Hopkins neuroscientist Roland Griffiths , more than half of 36 volunteers said the experience was among the most significant of their lives .
The results , published today in the Journal of Psychopharmacology , demonstrate the persistence of effects first reported by Griffiths in a landmark 2006 experiment .
That study , published in Psychopharmacology , was the first in 40 years to test a hallucinogen on people in a clinical setting in the United States .
Formerly the focus of academic and government inquiry , hallucinogens were abandoned by researchers in the aftermath of the Sixties , when rampant recreational abuse frightened authorities and the drugs became culturally intertwined with chemical excess .
But with a small but growing number of researchers now studying hallucinogens , the once - promising field is alive again .
" These drugs are no longer being confined to rats in test tubes , " said David Nichols , a Purdue University pharmacologist who was not involved in the study .
" What we 're looking at is a largely unexplored technology for brain science – it was discovered in the 1940s , set the psychiatry world ablaze in the 1950s , and was aborted by widespread recreational abuse , the reaction of the media and its confluence with the Vietnam war . "
For the 2006 study , Griffiths recruited 36 people who had n't previously taken the drug .
Six were given a ritalin placebo , while the rest received 30 milligrams of pure psilocybin – a dose roughly equivalent to five grams of dried psilocybe cubensis mushrooms , though mushroom potency varies widely .
Psilocybin works by activating serotonin receptors in the brain , though the precise neurological cascades have not yet been identified .
Volunteers took the dose under the guidance of two trained mentors , with the traditional laboratory setting scrapped in favor of a living room appointed with a comfortable couch , headphones and other spiritual journey aids .
At the time , the volunteers reported mystical experiences – typically described as a " sense of unity " – in which the confusion of the world and of competing value systems came together in a coherent whole .
These were not described in recreational terms , but as profoundly meaningful spiritual events .
Fourteen months later , over half reported substantial increases in life satisfaction and positive behavior , while no long - term negative effects were reported .
" These appear to be life - altering experiences that have much in common with classical mystical experiences described throughout the ages , "
Griffiths said .
" The persistence and salience of the effects did n't diminish by 14 months , and that is noteworthy .
It 's one thing to have a meaningful experience , but 14 months later , you might be hard - pressed to remember it .
But in this case , you have an eight - hour session in a lab , and 14 months later you have 60 percent of them saying it 's among the five most personally meaningful experiences of their lives . "
Griffiths noted that psilocybin is n't for everyone : though physiologically non-toxic and non-addictive , users may experience short - term stress and panic – i.e. , bad trips – or trigger pre-existing psychoses .
Prospective volunteers with personal or family histories of psychotic disorders were disqualified from the experiment .
An accompanying Journal of Psychopharmacology article , co-authored by
Griffiths and Johns Hopkins psychiatrist Matt Johnson , gives guidelines for testing hallucinogens in a clinical setting : screening volunteers , preparing them , training monitors , conducting the session and providing support afterward .
" It 's a blueprint for a clinical researcher interested in undertaking a trial like this , " said Griffiths .
" In some ways it may be a more important paper . "
Such guidelines , said Griffiths , are needed to taking hallucinogen research out of the wilderness in which it 's resided since the 1960's , when research was abandoned .
" As a culture , we experienced such trauma because of what happened in the 1960's – not just here , but worldwide .
All major clinical research with classical hallucinogens was eliminated , and that was largely the case for 40 years , " said Griffiths .
" It 's really quite unprecedented to have a situation in which a unique and very interesting compound is simply not studied for a long period of time . "
Griffiths said that his lab has now run more than 100 psilocybin sessions , and since his 2006 paper several other U.S. laboratories have received approval for their own hallucinogen trials .
" I think we 're seeing a sea change , and it's now become acceptable to conduct these trials under very careful conditions , " said Griffiths .
" It 's very exciting from a scientific point of view .
There 's so many things that can be addressed : investigating the consequences of these kinds of experiences from a neurophysiological perspective , where in the brain and how in the brain it happens .
More broadly , the consequences of these experiences – how they unfold and manifest in people 's lives .
And , finally , the therapeutic targets . "
Nichols said that hallucinogens may be useful in treating pain and anxiety as well as eating disorders and obsessive - compulsive disorder , the latter of which are poorly handled by current pharmaceuticals .
Griffiths is studying the therapeutic application of psilocybin to people distressed by cancer diagnoses .
He also hopes to study the possibilities of psilocybin in reducing drug and alcohol dependence .
" Those are the main therapeutic targets , " he said .
" But what the mystical experience means , how it can be harnessed and where we can go from here – that 's wide - open for science to explore . "
Mystical - type experiences occasioned by psilocybin mediate the attribution of personal meaning and spiritual significance 14 months later [ Journal of Psychopharmacology ]
Human hallucinogen research : guidelines for safety [ Journal of Psychopharmacology ]
Image : Kevin Hutchinson
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Brandon Keim's Twitter and Del.icio.us feeds ; Wired Science on Facebook .
HTML Living Standard — Last Updated
10 Web workers
✔ MDN Web_Workers_API
Support in all current engines .
Firefox 3.5 + Safari 4 + Chrome 4 + Opera 10.6 + Edge 79 + Edge ( Legacy ) 12 + Internet Explorer 10 + Firefox Android 4 + Safari iOS 5.1 + Chrome Android 18 + WebView Android 4 + Samsung Internet 1.0 + Opera Android 11 + Web_Workers_API/Using_web_workers
10.1 Introduction
10.1.1 Scope
This section is non-normative .
This specification defines an API for running scripts in the background independently of any user interface scripts .
This allows for long - running scripts that are not interrupted by scripts that respond to clicks or other user interactions , and allows long tasks to be executed without yielding to keep the page responsive .
Workers ( as these background scripts are called herein ) are relatively heavy - weight , and are not intended to be used in large numbers .
For example , it would be inappropriate to launch one worker for each pixel of a four megapixel image .
The examples below show some appropriate uses of workers .
Generally , workers are expected to be long - lived , have a high start - up performance cost , and a high per-instance memory cost .
10.1.2 Examples
This section is non-normative .
There are a variety of uses that workers can be put to .
The following subsections show various examples of this use .
10.1.2.1 A background number - crunching worker
This section is non-normative .
The simplest use of workers is for performing a computationally expensive task without interrupting the user interface .
In this example , the main document spawns a worker to ( naïvely ) compute prime numbers , and progressively displays the most recently found prime number .
The main page is as follows :
<! DOCTYPE HTML > < html lang = " en " > < head > < meta charset = " utf - 8 " > < title >
Worker example : One - core computation </ title > </ head > < body > < p >
The highest prime number discovered so far is : < output id = " result " ></ output ></ p > < script > var worker = new Worker ( ' worker.js ' ) ; worker .
onmessage = function ( event ) { document .
getElementById ( ' result ' ) . textContent = event .
data ; } ; </ script > </ body > </ html >
The Worker ( ) constructor call creates a worker and returns a Worker object representing that worker , which is used to communicate with the worker .
That object 's onmessage event handler allows the code to receive messages from the worker .
The worker itself is as follows :
var n = 1 ; search : while ( true ) { n += 1 ; for ( var i = 2 ; i <= Math .
sqrt ( n ) ; i += 1 ) if ( n % i == 0 ) continue search ; // found a prime !
postMessage ( n ) ; }
The bulk of this code is simply an unoptimized search for a prime number .
The postMessage ( ) method is used to send a message back to the page when a prime is found .
View this example online .
10.1.2.2 Using a JavaScript module as a worker
This section is non-normative .
All of our examples so far show workers that run classic scripts .
Workers can instead be instantiated using module scripts , which have the usual benefits : the ability to use the JavaScript import statement to import other modules ; strict mode by default ; and top - level declarations not polluting the worker 's global scope .
As the import statement is available , the importScripts ( ) method will automatically fail inside module workers .
In this example , the main document uses a worker to do off - main - thread image manipulation .
It imports the filters used from another module .
The main page is as follows :
<! DOCTYPE html > < html lang = " en " > < meta charset = " utf - 8 " > < title >
Worker example : image decoding </ title > < p > < label >
Type an image URL to decode < input type = " url " id = " image - url " list = " image - list " > < datalist id = " image - list " > < option value = " https://html.spec.whatwg.org/images/drawImage.png " > < option value = " https://html.spec.whatwg.org/images/robots.jpeg " > < option value = " https://html.spec.whatwg.org/images/arcTo2.png " > </ datalist > </ label > </ p > < p > < label >
Choose a filter to apply < select id = " filter " > < option value = " none " > none </ option > < option value = " grayscale " > grayscale </ option > < option value = " brighten " > brighten by 20 % </ option > </ select > </ label > </ p > < canvas id = " output " ></ canvas > < script type = " module " > const worker = new Worker ( " worker.js " , { type : " module " } ) ; worker .
onmessage = receiveFromWorker ; const url = document .
querySelector ( " #image - url " ) ; const filter = document .
querySelector ( " # filter " ) ; const output = document .
querySelector ( " #output " ) ; url .
oninput = updateImage ; filter .
oninput = sendToWorker ; let imageData , context ; function updateImage ( ) { const img = new Image ( ) ; img .
src = url .
value ; img .
onload = ( ) => { output .
innerHTML = " " ; const canvas = document .
createElement ( " canvas " ) ; canvas .
width = img .
width ; canvas .
height = img .
height ; context = canvas .
getContext ( " 2d " ) ; context .
drawImage ( img , 0 , 0 ) ; imageData = context .
getImageData ( 0 , 0 , canvas .
width , canvas .
height ) ; sendToWorker ( ) ; output .
appendChild ( canvas ) ; } ; } function sendToWorker ( ) { worker .
postMessage ( { imageData , filter : filter . value } ) ; } function receiveFromWorker ( e ) { context .
putImageData ( e . data , 0 , 0 ) ; } </ script >
The worker file is then :
import * as filters from " ./filters.js " ; self .
onmessage = e => { const { imageData , filter } = e . data ; filters [ filter ] ( imageData ) ; self .
postMessage ( imageData , [ imageData . data . buffer ] ) ; } ;
Which imports the file filters.js :
export function none ( ) {} export function grayscale ( { data : d } ) { for ( let i = 0 ; i < d .
length ; i += 4 ) { const [ r , g , b ] = [ d [ i ] , d [ i + 1 ] , d [ i + 2 ] ] ; // CIE luminance for the RGB //
The human eye is bad at seeing red and blue , so we de-emphasize them .
d [ i ] = d [ i + 1 ] = d [ i + 2 ] = 0.2126 * r + 0.7152 * g + 0.0722 * b ; } } ; export function brighten ( { data : d } ) { for ( let i = 0 ; i < d .
length ; ++ i ) { d [ i ] *= 1.2 ; } } ;
View this example online .
10.1.2.3 Shared workers introduction
MDN SharedWorker Firefox 29 + Safari 5 –6.1 Chrome 4 + Opera 10.6 + Edge 79 + Edge ( Legacy ) No Internet Explorer No Firefox Android 33 + Safari iOS 5.1 –7 Chrome Android No WebView Android No Samsung Internet 4.0 –5.0 Opera Android 11–14 caniuse.com table
This section is non-normative .
This section introduces shared workers using a Hello World example .
Shared workers use slightly different APIs , since each worker can have multiple connections .
This first example shows how you connect to a worker and how a worker can send a message back to the page when it connects to it .
Received messages are displayed in a log .
Here is the HTML page :
<! DOCTYPE HTML > < html lang = " en " > < meta charset = " utf - 8 " > < title >
Shared workers : demo 1 </ title > < pre id = " log " > Log : </ pre > < script > var worker = new SharedWorker ( ' test.js ' ) ; var log = document .
getElementById ( ' log ' ) ; worker .
port .
onmessage = function ( e ) { // note : not worker .
onmessage !
log .
textContent += '
' + e . data ; } </ script >
Here is the JavaScript worker :
onconnect = function ( e ) { var port = e . ports [ 0 ] ; port .
postMessage ( ' Hello World ! ' ) ; }
View this example online .
This second example extends the first one by changing two things : first , messages are received using addEventListener ( ) instead of an event handler IDL attribute , and second , a message is sent to the worker , causing the worker to send another message in return .
Received messages are again displayed in a log .
Here is the HTML page :
<! DOCTYPE HTML > < html lang = " en " > < meta charset = " utf - 8 " > < title >
Shared workers : demo 2 </ title > < pre id = " log " > Log : </ pre > < script > var worker = new SharedWorker ( ' test.js ' ) ; var log = document .
getElementById ( ' log ' ) ; worker .
port .
addEventListener ( ' message ' , function ( e ) { log .
textContent += '
' + e . data ; } , false ) ; worker .
port . start ( ) ; // note : need this when using addEventListener worker .
port .
postMessage ( ' ping ' ) ; </ script >
Here is the JavaScript worker :
onconnect = function ( e ) { var port = e . ports [ 0 ] ; port .
postMessage ( ' Hello World ! ' ) ; port .
onmessage = function ( e ) { port .
postMessage ( ' pong ' ) ; // not e.ports[0].postMessage ! // e.target.postMessage(' pong ' ) ; would work also } }
View this example online .
Finally , the example is extended to show how two pages can connect to the same worker ; in this case , the second page is merely in an iframe on the first page , but the same principle would apply to an entirely separate page in a separate top - level browsing context .
Here is the outer HTML page :
<! DOCTYPE HTML > < html lang = " en " > < meta charset = " utf - 8 " > < title >
Shared workers : demo 3 </ title > < pre id = " log " > Log : </ pre > < script > var worker = new SharedWorker ( ' test.js ' ) ; var log = document .
getElementById ( ' log ' ) ; worker .
port .
addEventListener ( ' message ' , function ( e ) { log .
textContent += '
' + e . data ; } , false ) ; worker .
port . start ( ) ; worker .
port .
postMessage ( ' ping ' ) ; </ script > < iframe src = " inner.html " ></ iframe >
Here is the inner HTML page :
<! DOCTYPE HTML > < html lang = " en " > < meta charset = " utf - 8 " > < title >
Shared workers : demo 3 inner frame </ title > < pre id = log >
Inner log : </ pre > < script > var worker = new SharedWorker ( ' test.js ' ) ; var log = document .
getElementById ( ' log ' ) ; worker .
port .
onmessage = function ( e ) { log .
textContent += '
' + e . data ; } </ script >
Here is the JavaScript worker :
var count = 0 ; onconnect = function ( e ) { count += 1 ; var port = e . ports [ 0 ] ; port .
postMessage ( ' Hello World !
You are connection #' + count ) ; port .
onmessage = function ( e ) { port .
postMessage ( ' pong ' ) ; } }
View this example online .
10.1.2.4 Shared state using a shared worker
This section is non-normative .
In this example , multiple windows ( viewers ) can be opened that are all viewing the same map .
All the windows share the same map information , with a single worker coordinating all the viewers .
Each viewer can move around independently , but if they set any data on the map , all the viewers are updated .
The main page is n't interesting , it merely provides a way to open the viewers :
<! DOCTYPE HTML > < html lang = " en " > < head > < meta charset = " utf - 8 " > < title >
Workers example : Multiviewer </ title > < script > function openViewer ( ) { window .
open ( ' viewer.html ' ) ; } </ script > </ head > < body > < p >< button type = button onclick = " openViewer ( ) " >
Open a new viewer </ button ></ p > < p >
Each viewer opens in a new window .
You can have as many viewers as you like , they all view the same data .
</ p > </ body > </ html >
The viewer is more involved :
<! DOCTYPE HTML > < html lang = " en " > < head > < meta charset = " utf - 8 " > < title >
Workers example : Multiviewer viewer </ title > < script > var worker = new SharedWorker ( ' worker.js ' , ' core ' ) ; // CONFIGURATION function configure ( event ) { if ( event .
data .
substr ( 0 , 4 ) != ' cfg ' ) return ; var name = event .
data .
substr ( 4 ) . split ( ' ' , 1 ) [ 0 ] ; // update display to mention our name is name document .
getElementsByTagName ( ' h 1 ' ) [ 0 ] . textContent += ' ' + name ; // no longer need this listener worker .
port .
removeEventListener ( ' message ' , configure , false ) ; } worker .
port .
addEventListener ( ' message ' , configure , false ) ; // MAP function paintMap ( event ) { if ( event .
data .
substr ( 0 , 4 ) != ' map ' ) return ; var data = event .
data .
substr ( 4 ) . split ( ' , ' ) ; // display tiles data [ 0 ] .. data [ 8 ] var canvas = document .
getElementById ( ' map ' ) ; var context = canvas .
getContext ( ' 2d ' ) ; for ( var y = 0 ; y < 3 ; y += 1 ) { for ( var x = 0 ; x < 3 ; x += 1 ) { var tile = data [ y * 3 + x ] ; if ( tile == ' 0 ' ) context .
fillStyle = ' green ' ; else context .
fillStyle = ' maroon ' ; context .
fillRect ( x * 50 , y * 50 , 50 , 50 ) ; } } } worker .
port .
addEventListener ( ' message ' , paintMap , false ) ; // PUBLIC CHAT function updatePublicChat ( event ) { if ( event .
data .
substr ( 0 , 4 ) != ' txt ' ) return ; var name = event .
data .
substr ( 4 ) . split ( ' ' , 1 ) [ 0 ] ; var message = event .
data .
substr ( 4 + name .
length + 1 ) ; // display " < name > message " in public chat var public = document .
getElementById ( ' public ' ) ; var p = document .
createElement ( ' p ' ) ; var n = document .
createElement ( ' button ' ) ; n . textContent = ' <' + name + '> ' ; n . onclick = function ( ) { worker .
port .
postMessage ( 'msg ' + name ) ; } ; p . appendChild ( n ) ; var m = document .
createElement ( ' span ' ) ; m . textContent = message ; p . appendChild ( m ) ; public .
appendChild ( p ) ; } worker .
port .
addEventListener ( ' message ' , updatePublicChat , false ) ; // PRIVATE CHAT function startPrivateChat ( event ) { if ( event .
data .
substr ( 0 , 4 ) != ' msg ' ) return ; var name = event .
data .
substr ( 4 ) . split ( ' ' , 1 ) [ 0 ] ; var port = event .
ports [ 0 ] ; // display a private chat UI var ul = document .
getElementById ( ' private ' ) ; var li = document .
createElement ( ' li ' ) ; var h3 = document .
createElement ( ' h3 ' ) ; h3 . textContent = ' Private chat with ' + name ; li . appendChild ( h3 ) ; var div = document .
createElement ( ' div ' ) ; var add Message = function ( name , message ) { var p = document .
createElement ( ' p ' ) ; var n = document .
createElement ( ' strong ' ) ; n . textContent = ' <' + name + '> ' ; p . appendChild ( n ) ; var t = document .
createElement ( ' span ' ) ; t . textContent = message ; p . appendChild ( t ) ; div .
appendChild ( p ) ; } ; port .
onmessage = function ( event ) { addMessage ( name , event . data ) ; } ; li . appendChild ( div ) ; var form = document .
createElement ( ' form ' ) ; var p = document .
createElement ( ' p ' ) ; var input = document .
createElement ( ' input ' ) ; input .
size = 50 ; p . appendChild ( input ) ; p . appendChild ( document .
createTextNode ( ' ' ) ) ; var button = document .
createElement ( ' button ' ) ; button .
textContent = ' Post ' ; p . appendChild ( button ) ; form .
onsubmit = function ( ) { port .
postMessage ( input . value ) ; addMessage ( ' me ' , input .
value ) ; input .
value = '' ; return false ; } ; form .
appendChild ( p ) ; li . appendChild ( form ) ; ul .
appendChild ( li ) ; } worker .
port .
addEventListener ( ' message ' , startPrivateChat , false ) ; worker .
port . start ( ) ; </ script > </ head > < body > < h1 > Viewer </ h1 > < h2 > Map </ h2 > < p >< canvas id = " map " height = 150 width = 150 ></ canvas ></ p > < p > < button type = button onclick = " worker.port.postMessage( ' mov left ' ) " > Left </ button > < button type = button onclick = " worker.port.postMessage('mov up ' ) " > Up </ button > < button type = button onclick = " worker.port.postMessage( ' mov down ' ) " >
Down </ button > < button type = button onclick = " worker.port.postMessage( ' mov right ' ) " >
Right </ button > < button type = button onclick = " worker.port.postMessage ( ' set 0 ' ) " >
Set 0 </ button > < button type = button onclick = " worker.port.postMessage( 'set 1 ' ) " > Set 1 </ button > </ p > < h2 > Public Chat </ h2 > < div id = " public " ></ div > < form onsubmit = " worker.port.postMessage ( ' txt ' + message.value ) ; message.value = '' ; return false ; " > < p > < input type = " text " name = " message " size = " 50 " > < button >
Post </ button > </ p > </ form > < h2 > Private Chat </ h2 > < ul id = " private " ></ ul > </ body > </ html >
There are several key things worth noting about the way the viewer is written .
Multiple listeners .
Instead of a single message processing function , the code here attaches multiple event listeners , each one performing a quick check to see if it is relevant for the message .
In this example it does n't make much difference , but if multiple authors wanted to collaborate using a single port to communicate with a worker , it would allow for independent code instead of changes having to all be made to a single event handling function .
Registering event listeners in this way also allows you to unregister specific listeners when you are done with them , as is done with the configure ( ) method in this example .
Finally , the worker :
var nextName = 0 ; function getNextName ( ) { // this could use more friendly names // but for now just return a number return nextName ++ ; } var map = [ [ 0 , 0 , 0 , 0 , 0 , 0 , 0 ] , [ 1 , 1 , 0 , 1 , 0 , 1 , 1 ] , [ 0 , 1 , 0 , 1 , 0 , 0 , 0 ] , [ 0 , 1 , 0 , 1 , 0 , 1 , 1 ] , [ 0 , 0 , 0 , 1 , 0 , 0 , 0 ] , [ 1 , 0 , 0 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 ] , [ 1 , 1 , 0 , 1 , 1 , 0 , 1 ] , ] ; function wrapX ( x ) { if ( x < 0 ) return wrapX ( x + map [ 0 ]. length ) ; if ( x >= map [ 0 ]. length ) return wrapX ( x - map [ 0 ]. length ) ; return x ; } function wrapY ( y ) { if ( y < 0 ) return wrapY ( y + map . length ) ; if ( y >= map [ 0 ]. length ) return wrapY ( y - map .
length ) ; return y ; } function wrap ( val , min , max ) { if ( val < min ) return val + ( max - min ) + 1 ; if ( val > max ) return val - ( max - min ) - 1 ; return val ; } function sendMapData ( viewer ) { var data = '' ; for ( var y = viewer .
y - 1 ; y <= viewer .
y + 1 ; y += 1 ) { for ( var x = viewer .
x - 1 ; x <= viewer .
x + 1 ; x += 1 ) { if ( data != '' ) data += ' , ' ; data += map [ wrap ( y , 0 , map [ 0 ]. length - 1 ) ] [ wrap ( x , 0 , map .
length - 1 ) ] ; } } viewer .
port .
postMessage ( ' map ' + data ) ; } var viewers = {} ; onconnect = function ( event ) { var name = getNextName ( ) ; event .
ports [ 0 ]. _data = { port : event .
ports [ 0 ] , name : name , x : 0 , y : 0 , } ; viewers [ name ] = event .
ports [ 0 ]. _data ; event .
ports [ 0 ]. postMessage ( ' cfg ' + name ) ; event .
ports [ 0 ]. onmessage = getMessage ; sendMapData ( event .
ports [ 0 ]. _data ) ; } ; function getMessage ( event ) { switch ( event .
data .
substr ( 0 , 4 ) ) { case ' mov ' : var direction = event .
data .
substr ( 4 ) ; var dx = 0 ; var dy = 0 ; switch ( direction ) { case ' up ' : dy = - 1 ; break ; case ' down ' : dy = 1 ; break ; case ' left ' : dx = - 1 ; break ; case ' right ' : dx = 1 ; break ; } event .
target .
_data .
x = wrapX ( event .
target .
_data . x + dx ) ; event .
target .
_data .
y = wrapY ( event .
target .
_data . y + dy ) ; sendMapData ( event .
target . _data ) ; break ; case ' set ' : var value = event .
data .
substr ( 4 ) ; map [ event .
target .
_data . y ] [ event .
target .
_data . x ] = value ; for ( var viewer in viewers ) sendMapData ( viewers [ viewer ] ) ; break ; case ' txt ' : var name = event .
target .
_data .
name ; var message = event .
data .
substr ( 4 ) ; for ( var viewer in viewers ) viewers [ viewer ]. port .
postMessage ( ' txt ' + name + ' ' + message ) ; break ; case ' msg ' : var party1 = event .
target .
_data ; var party2 = viewers [ event .
data .
substr ( 4 ) . split ( ' ' , 1 ) [ 0 ] ] ; if ( party2 ) { var channel = new MessageChannel ( ) ; party1 .
port .
postMessage ( 'msg ' + party2 . name , [ channel . port1 ] ) ; party2 .
port .
postMessage ( 'msg ' + party1 . name , [ channel . port2 ] ) ; } break ; } }
Connecting to multiple pages .
The script uses the onconnect event listener to listen for multiple connections .
Direct channels .
When the worker receives a " msg " message from one viewer naming another viewer , it sets up a direct connection between the two , so that the two viewers can communicate directly without the worker having to proxy all the messages .
View this example online .
10.1.2.5 Delegation
This section is non-normative .
With multicore CPUs becoming prevalent , one way to obtain better performance is to split computationally expensive tasks amongst multiple workers .
In this example , a computationally expensive task that is to be performed for every number from 1 to 10,000,000 is farmed out to ten subworkers .
The main page is as follows , it just reports the result :
<! DOCTYPE HTML > < html lang = " en " > < head > < meta charset = " utf - 8 " > < title >
Worker example : Multicore computation </ title > </ head > < body > < p >
Result : < output id = " result " ></ output ></ p > < script > var worker = new Worker ( ' worker.js ' ) ; worker .
onmessage = function ( event ) { document .
getElementById ( ' result ' ) . textContent = event .
data ; } ; </ script > </ body > </ html >
The worker itself is as follows :
// settings var num_workers = 10 ; var items_per_worker = 1000000 ; // start the workers var result =
0 ; var pending_workers = num_workers ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < num_workers ; i += 1 ) { var worker = new Worker ( ' core.js ' ) ; worker .
postMessage ( i * items_per_worker ) ; worker .
postMessage (( i + 1 ) * items_per_worker ) ; worker .
onmessage = storeResult ; } // handle the results function storeResult ( event ) { result += 1 * event .
data ; pending_workers -= 1 ; if ( pending_workers <= 0 ) postMessage ( result ) ; // finished ! }
It consists of a loop to start the subworkers , and then a handler that waits for all the subworkers to respond .
The subworkers are implemented as follows :
var start ; onmessage = getStart ; function getStart ( event ) { start = 1 * event .
data ; onmessage = getEnd ; } var end ; function getEnd ( event ) { end = 1 * event .
data ; onmessage = null ; work ( ) ; } function work ( ) { var result = 0 ; for ( var i = start ; i < end ; i += 1 ) { // perform some complex calculation here result += 1 ; } postMessage ( result ) ; close ( ) ; }
They receive two numbers in two events , perform the computation for the range of numbers thus specified , and then report the result back to the parent .
View this example online .
10.1.2.6 Providing libraries
This section is non-normative .
Suppose that a cryptography library is made available that provides three tasks :
Generate a public / private key pair Takes a port , on which it will send two messages , first the public key and then the private key .
Given a plaintext and a public key , return the corresponding ciphertext Takes a port , to which any number of messages can be sent , the first giving the public key , and the remainder giving the plaintext , each of which is encrypted and then sent on that same channel as the ciphertext .
The user can close the port when it is done encrypting content .
Given a ciphertext and a private key , return the corresponding plaintext Takes a port , to which any number of messages can be sent , the first giving the private key , and the remainder giving the ciphertext , each of which is decrypted and then sent on that same channel as the plaintext .
The user can close the port when it is done decrypting content .
The library itself is as follows :
function handleMessage ( e ) { if ( e . data == " genkeys " ) genkeys ( e . ports [ 0 ] ) ; else if ( e . data == " encrypt " ) encrypt ( e . ports [ 0 ] ) ; else if ( e . data == " decrypt " ) decrypt ( e . ports [ 0 ] ) ; } function genkeys ( p ) { var keys = _generateKeyPair ( ) ; p . postMessage ( keys [ 0 ] ) ; p . postMessage ( keys [ 1 ] ) ; } function encrypt ( p ) { var key , state = 0 ; p . onmessage = function ( e ) { if ( state == 0 ) { key = e . data ; state = 1 ; } else { p .
postMessage ( _encrypt ( key , e . data ) ) ; } } ; } function decrypt ( p ) { var key , state = 0 ; p . onmessage = function ( e ) { if ( state == 0 ) { key = e . data ; state = 1 ; } else { p .
postMessage ( _decrypt ( key , e . data ) ) ; } } ; } // support being used as a shared worker as well as a dedicated worker if ( ' onmessage ' in this ) // dedicated worker onmessage = handleMessage ; else // shared worker onconnect = function ( e ) { e . port .
onmessage = handleMessage ; } // the " crypto " functions : function _generateKeyPair ( ) { return [ Math . random ( ) , Math . random ( ) ] ; } function _encrypt ( k , s ) { return ' encrypted - ' + k + ' ' + s ; } function _decrypt ( k , s ) { return s . substr ( s . indexOf ( ' ' ) + 1 ) ; }
Note that the crypto functions here are just stubs and do n't do real cryptography .
This library could be used as follows :
<! DOCTYPE HTML > < html lang = " en " > < head > < meta charset = " utf - 8 " > < title >
Worker example : Crypto library </ title > < script > const cryptoLib = new Worker ( ' libcrypto-v1.js ' ) ; // or could use ' libcrypto -v2.js ' function startConversation ( source , message ) { const messageChannel = new MessageChannel ( ) ; source .
postMessage ( message , [ messageChannel . port2 ] ) ; return messageChannel .
port1 ; } function getKeys ( ) { let state = 0 ; startConversation ( cryptoLib , " genkeys " ) . onmessage = function ( e ) { if ( state === 0 ) document .
getElementById ( ' public ' ) . value = e . data ; else if ( state === 1 ) document .
getElementById ( ' private ' ) . value = e . data ; state += 1 ; } ; } function enc ( ) { const port = startConversation ( cryptoLib , " encrypt " ) ; port .
postMessage ( document .
getElementById ( ' public ' ) . value ) ; port .
postMessage ( document .
getElementById ( ' input ' ) . value ) ; port .
onmessage = function ( e ) { document .
getElementById ( ' input ' ) . value = e . data ; port .
close ( ) ; } ; } function dec ( ) { const port = startConversation ( cryptoLib , " decrypt " ) ; port .
postMessage ( document .
getElementById ( ' private ' ) . value ) ; port .
postMessage ( document .
getElementById ( ' input ' ) . value ) ; port .
onmessage = function ( e ) { document .
getElementById ( ' input ' ) . value = e . data ; port .
close ( ) ; } ; } </ script > < style > textarea { display : block ; } </ style > </ head > < body onload = " getKeys ( ) " > < fieldset > < legend > Keys </ legend > < p >< label >
Public Key : < textarea id = " public " ></ textarea ></ label ></ p > < p >< label >
Private Key : < textarea id = " private " ></ textarea ></ label ></ p > </ fieldset > < p >< label >
Input : < textarea id = " input " ></ textarea ></ label ></ p > < p >< button onclick = " enc ( ) " > Encrypt </ button > < button onclick = " dec ( ) " > Decrypt </ button ></ p > </ body > </ html >
A later version of the API , though , might want to offload all the crypto work onto subworkers .
This could be done as follows :
function handleMessage ( e ) { if ( e . data == " genkeys " ) genkeys ( e . ports [ 0 ] ) ; else if ( e . data == " encrypt " ) encrypt ( e . ports [ 0 ] ) ; else if ( e . data == " decrypt " ) decrypt ( e . ports [ 0 ] ) ; } function genkeys ( p ) { var generator = new Worker ( ' libcrypto-v2-generator.js ' ) ; generator .
postMessage ( '' , [ p ] ) ; } function encrypt ( p ) { p . onmessage = function ( e ) { var key = e . data ; var encryptor = new Worker ( ' libcrypto-v2-encryptor.js ' ) ; encryptor .
postMessage ( key , [ p ] ) ; } ; } function encrypt ( p ) { p . onmessage = function ( e ) { var key = e . data ; var decryptor = new Worker ( ' libcrypto-v2-decryptor.js ' ) ; decryptor .
postMessage ( key , [ p ] ) ; } ; } // support being used as a shared worker as well as a dedicated worker if ( ' onmessage ' in this ) // dedicated worker onmessage = handleMessage ; else // shared worker onconnect = function ( e ) { e . ports [ 0 ]. onmessage = handleMessage } ;
The little subworkers would then be as follows .
For generating key pairs :
onmessage = function ( e ) { var k = _generateKeyPair ( ) ; e . ports [ 0 ] .
postMessage ( k [ 0 ] ) ; e . ports [ 0 ]. postMessage ( k [ 1 ] ) ; close ( ) ; } function _generateKeyPair ( ) { return [ Math . random ( ) , Math . random ( ) ] ; }
For encrypting :
onmessage = function ( e ) { var key = e . data ; e . ports [ 0 ]. onmessage = function ( e ) { var s = e . data ; postMessage ( _encrypt ( key , s ) ) ; } } function _encrypt ( k , s ) { return ' encrypted - ' + k + ' ' + s ; }
For decrypting :
onmessage = function ( e ) { var key = e . data ; e . ports [ 0 ]. onmessage = function ( e ) { var s = e . data ; postMessage ( _decrypt ( key , s ) ) ; } } function _decrypt ( k , s ) { return s . substr ( s . indexOf ( ' ' ) + 1 ) ; }
Notice how the users of the API do n't have to even know that this is happening — the API has n't changed ; the library can delegate to subworkers without changing its API , even though it is accepting data using message channels .
View this example online .
10.1.3 Tutorials
10.1.3.1 Creating a dedicated worker
This section is non-normative .
Creating a worker requires a URL to a JavaScript file .
The Worker ( ) constructor is invoked with the URL to that file as its only argument ; a worker is then created and returned :
var worker = new Worker ( ' helper.js ' ) ;
If you want your worker script to be interpreted as a module script instead of the default classic script , you need to use a slightly different signature :
var worker = new Worker ( ' helper.mjs ' , { type : " module " } ) ;
10.1.3.2 Communicating with a dedicated worker
This section is non-normative .
Dedicated workers use MessagePort objects behind the scenes , and thus support all the same features , such as sending structured data , transferring binary data , and transferring other ports .
To receive messages from a dedicated worker , use the onmessage event handler IDL attribute on the Worker object :
worker .
onmessage = function ( event ) { ... } ;
You can also use the addEventListener ( ) method .
The implicit MessagePort used by dedicated workers has its port message queue implicitly enabled when it is created , so there is no equivalent to the MessagePort interface 's start ( ) method on the Worker interface .
To send data to a worker , use the postMessage ( ) method .
Structured data can be sent over this communication channel .
To send ArrayBuffer objects efficiently ( by transferring them rather than cloning them ) , list them in an array in the second argument .
worker .
postMessage ( { operation : ' find-edges ' , input : buffer , // an ArrayBuffer object threshold : 0.6 , } , [ buffer ] ) ;
To receive a message inside the worker , the onmessage event handler IDL attribute is used .
onmessage = function ( event ) { ... } ;
You can again also use the addEventListener ( ) method .
In either case , the data is provided in the event object 's data attribute .
To send messages back , you again use postMessage ( ) .
It supports the structured data in the same manner .
postMessage ( event .
data .
input , [ event .
data . input ] ) ; // transfer the buffer back
10.1.3.3 Shared workers
MDN SharedWorker Firefox 29 + Safari 5 –6.1 Chrome 4 + Opera 10.6 + Edge 79 + Edge ( Legacy ) No Internet Explorer No Firefox Android 33 + Safari iOS 5.1 –7 Chrome Android No WebView Android No Samsung Internet 4.0 –5.0 Opera Android 11–14
This section is non-normative .
Shared workers are identified by the URL of the script used to create it , optionally with an explicit name .
The name allows multiple instances of a particular shared worker to be started .
Shared workers are scoped by origin .
Two different sites using the same names will not collide .
However , if a page tries to use the same shared worker name as another page on the same site , but with a different script URL , it will fail .
Creating shared workers is done using the SharedWorker ( ) constructor .
This constructor takes the URL to the script to use for its first argument , and the name of the worker , if any , as the second argument .
var worker = new SharedWorker ( ' service.js ' ) ;
Communicating with shared workers is done with explicit MessagePort objects .
The object returned by the SharedWorker ( ) constructor holds a reference to the port on its port attribute .
worker .
port .
onmessage = function ( event ) { ... } ; worker .
port .
postMessage ( ' some message ' ) ; worker .
port .
postMessage ( { foo : ' structured ' , bar : [ ' data ' , ' also ' , ' possible ' ] } ) ;
Inside the shared worker , new clients of the worker are announced using the connect event .
The port for the new client is given by the event object 's source attribute .
onconnect = function ( event ) { var newPort = event .
source ; // set up a listener newPort .
onmessage = function ( event ) { ... } ; // send a message back to the port newPort .
postMessage ( ' ready ! ' ) ; // can also send structured data , of course } ;
10.2 Infrastructure
This standard defines two kinds of workers : dedicated workers , and shared workers .
Dedicated workers , once created , are linked to their creator , but message ports can be used to communicate from a dedicated worker to multiple other browsing contexts or workers .
Shared workers , on the other hand , are named , and once created any script running in the same origin can obtain a reference to that worker and communicate with it .
Service Workers defines a third kind . [ SW ]
10.2.1
The global scope
The global scope is the " inside " of a worker .
10.2.1.1 The WorkerGlobalScope common interface
✔ MDN WorkerGlobalScope
Support in all current engines .
Firefox 3.5 + Safari 4 + Chrome 4 + Opera 10.6 + Edge 79 + Edge ( Legacy ) 12 + Internet Explorer 10 + Firefox Android 4 + Safari iOS 3.2 + Chrome Android Yes WebView Android Yes Samsung Internet Yes Opera Android 11 +
[ Exposed = Worker ] interface WorkerGlobalScope : EventTarget { readonly attribute WorkerGlobalScope self ; readonly attribute WorkerLocation location ; readonly attribute WorkerNavigator navigator ; undefined importScripts ( USVString ... urls ) ; attribute OnErrorEventHandler onerror ; attribute EventHandler onlanguagechange ; attribute EventHandler onoffline ; attribute EventHandler ononline ; attribute EventHandler onrejectionhandled ; attribute EventHandler onunhandledrejection ; } ;
WorkerGlobalScope serves as the base class for specific types of worker global scope objects , including DedicatedWorkerGlobalScope , SharedWorkerGlobalScope , and ServiceWorkerGlobalScope .
A WorkerGlobalScope object has an associated owner set ( a set of Document and WorkerGlobalScope objects ) .
It is initially empty and populated when the worker is created or obtained .
It is a set , instead of a single owner , to accomodate SharedWorkerGlobalScope objects .
A WorkerGlobalScope object has an associated worker set ( a set of WorkerGlobalScope objects ) .
It is initially empty and populated when the worker creates or obtains further workers .
A WorkerGlobalScope object has an associated type ( " classic " or " module " ) .
It is set during creation .
A WorkerGlobalScope object has an associated url ( null or a URL ) .
It is initially null .
A WorkerGlobalScope object has an associated name ( a string ) .
It is set during creation .
The name can have different semantics for each subclass of WorkerGlobalScope .
For DedicatedWorkerGlobalScope instances , it is simply a developer - supplied name , useful mostly for debugging purposes .
For SharedWorkerGlobalScope instances , it allows obtaining a reference to a common shared worker via the SharedWorker ( ) constructor .
For ServiceWorkerGlobalScope objects , it does n't make sense ( and as such is n't exposed through the JavaScript API at all ) .
A WorkerGlobalScope object has an associated referrer policy ( a referrer policy ) .
It is initially the empty string .
A WorkerGlobalScope object has an associated embedder policy ( an embedder policy ) .
A WorkerGlobalScope object has an associated CSP list , which is a CSP list containing all of the Content Security Policy objects active for the worker .
It is initially an empty list .
A WorkerGlobalScope object has an associated module map .
It is a module map , initially empty .
A WorkerGlobalScope object has an associated cross -origin isolated capability boolean .
It is initially false .
workerGlobal .
self Returns workerGlobal .
workerGlobal .
location Returns workerGlobal 's WorkerLocation object .
workerGlobal .
navigator Returns workerGlobal 's WorkerNavigator object .
workerGlobal .
importScripts ( urls ...)
Fetches each URL in urls , executes them one - by - one in the order they are passed , and then returns ( or throws if something went amiss ) .
✔ MDN WorkerGlobalScope/self
Support in all current engines .
Firefox 3.5 + Safari 4 + Chrome 4 + Opera 11.5 + Edge 79 + Edge ( Legacy ) 12 + Internet Explorer Yes Firefox Android 34 + Safari iOS 5.1 + Chrome Android 40 + WebView Android 37 + Samsung Internet 4.0 + Opera Android Yes
The self attribute must return the WorkerGlobalScope object itself .
✔ MDN WorkerGlobalScope/location
Support in all current engines .
Firefox 3.5 + Safari 4 + Chrome 4 + Opera 11.5 + Edge 79 + Edge ( Legacy ) 12 + Internet Explorer Yes Firefox Android 4 + Safari iOS 5.1 + Chrome Android 40 + WebView Android 37 + Samsung Internet 4.0 + Opera Android Yes
The location attribute must return the WorkerLocation object whose associated WorkerGlobalScope object is the WorkerGlobalScope object .
While the WorkerLocation object is created after the WorkerGlobalScope object , this is not problematic as it cannot be observed from script .
The following are the event handlers ( and their corresponding event handler event types ) that must be supported , as event handler IDL attributes , by objects implementing the WorkerGlobalScope interface :
Event handler Event handler event type onerror ✔ MDN WorkerGlobalScope / onerror
Support in all current engines .
Firefox 3.5 + Safari 4 + Chrome 4 + Opera 11.5 + Edge 79 + Edge ( Legacy ) 12 + Internet Explorer Yes Firefox Android 4 + Safari iOS 5.1 + Chrome Android 40 + WebView Android 37 + Samsung Internet 4.0 + Opera Android
Yes error onlanguagechange ✔ MDN WorkerGlobalScope/onlanguagechange Support in all current engines .
Firefox 74 + Safari 4 + Chrome 4 + Opera 11.5 + Edge 79 + Edge ( Legacy ) 12 + Internet Explorer Yes Firefox Android No Safari iOS 5.1 + Chrome Android 40 + WebView Android 37 + Samsung Internet 4.0 + Opera Android
Yes languagechange onoffline MDN WorkerGlobalScope/onoffline Firefox 29 + Safari ?
Chrome 4 + Opera ?
Edge 79 + Edge ( Legacy ) No Internet Explorer No Firefox Android 29 + Safari iOS ?
Chrome Android 40 + WebView Android Yes Samsung Internet 4.0 + Opera Android ?
offline ononline MDN WorkerGlobalScope/ononline Firefox 29 + Safari ?
Chrome 4 + Opera ?
Edge 79 + Edge ( Legacy ) No Internet Explorer No Firefox Android 29 + Safari iOS ?
Chrome Android 40 + WebView Android Yes Samsung Internet 4.0 + Opera Android ?
online onrejectionhandled rejectionhandled onunhandledrejection unhandledrejection
10.2.1.2 Dedicated workers and the DedicatedWorkerGlobalScope interface
✔ MDN DedicatedWorkerGlobalScope
Support in all current engines .
Firefox 3.5 + Safari 4 + Chrome 4 + Opera 10.6 + Edge 79 + Edge ( Legacy ) 12 + Internet Explorer 10 + Firefox Android 4 + Safari iOS 5.1 + Chrome Android 18 + WebView Android Yes Samsung Internet 1.0 + Opera Android 11 +
[ Global =( Worker , DedicatedWorker ) , Exposed = DedicatedWorker ] interface DedicatedWorkerGlobalScope : WorkerGlobalScope { [ Replaceable ] readonly attribute DOMString name ; undefined postMessage ( any message , sequence < object > transfer ) ; undefined postMessage ( any message , optional PostMessageOptions options = {} ) ; undefined close ( ) ; attribute EventHandler onmessage ; attribute EventHandler onmessageerror ; } ;
DedicatedWorkerGlobalScope objects act as if they had an implicit MessagePort associated with them .
This port is part of a channel that is set up when the worker is created , but it is not exposed .
This object must never be garbage collected before the DedicatedWorkerGlobalScope object .
All messages received by that port must immediately be retargeted at the DedicatedWorkerGlobalScope object .
dedicatedWorkerGlobal .
name Returns dedicatedWorkerGlobal 's name , i.e. the value given to the Worker constructor .
Primarily useful for debugging .
dedicatedWorkerGlobal .
postMessage ( message [ , transfer ] ) dedicatedWorkerGlobal .
postMessage ( message [ , { transfer } ] )
Clones message and transmits it to the Worker object associated with dedicated WorkerGlobal .
transfer can be passed as a list of objects that are to be transferred rather than cloned .
dedicatedWorkerGlobal .
close () Aborts dedicatedWorkerGlobal .
MDN DedicatedWorkerGlobalScope/name Firefox 55 + Safari No Chrome Yes Opera ?
Edge Yes Edge ( Legacy ) No Internet Explorer No Firefox Android 55 + Safari iOS No Chrome Android Yes WebView Android Yes Samsung Internet Yes Opera Android ?
The name attribute must return the DedicatedWorkerGlobalScope object 's name .
Its value represents the name given to the worker using the Worker constructor , used primarily for debugging purposes .
✔ MDN DedicatedWorkerGlobalScope/postMessage
Support in all current engines .
Firefox 3.5 + Safari 4 + Chrome 4 + Opera 10.6 + Edge 79 + Edge ( Legacy ) 12 + Internet Explorer 10 + Firefox Android 4 + Safari iOS 5.1 + Chrome Android Yes WebView Android Yes Samsung Internet Yes Opera Android 11 +
The postMessage ( message , transfer ) and postMessage ( message , options ) methods on DedicatedWorkerGlobalScope objects act as if , when invoked , it immediately invoked the respective postMessage ( message , transfer ) and postMessage ( message , options ) on the port , with the same arguments , and returned the same return value .
To close a worker , given a workerGlobal , run these steps :
Discard any tasks that have been added to workerGlobal 's relevant agent 's event loop 's task queues .
Set workerGlobal 's closing flag to true .
( This prevents any further tasks from being queued . )
MDN DedicatedWorkerGlobalScope/close Firefox 54 + Safari ?
Chrome Yes Opera Yes Edge Yes Edge ( Legacy ) No Internet Explorer ?
Firefox Android 54 + Safari iOS ?
Chrome Android Yes WebView Android Yes Samsung Internet Yes Opera Android Yes
The close ( ) method , when invoked , must close a worker with this DedicatedWorkerGlobalScope object .
The following are the event handlers ( and their corresponding event handler event types ) that must be supported , as event handler IDL attributes , by objects implementing the DedicatedWorkerGlobalScope interface :
Event handler Event handler event type onmessage ✔ MDN DedicatedWorkerGlobalScope/onmessage
Support in all current engines .
Firefox 3.5 + Safari 4 + Chrome 4 + Opera 10.6 + Edge 79 + Edge ( Legacy ) 12 + Internet Explorer 10 + Firefox Android 4 + Safari iOS 5.1 + Chrome Android Yes WebView Android 37 + Samsung Internet Yes Opera Android 11 + message onmessageerror MDN DedicatedWorkerGlobalScope/onmessageerror Firefox 57 + Safari ?
Chrome 60 + Opera 47 + Edge 79 + Edge ( Legacy ) No Internet Explorer ?
Firefox Android 57 + Safari iOS ?
Chrome Android 60 + WebView Android 60 + Samsung Internet 8.0 + Opera Android 44 + messageerror
For the purposes of the application cache networking model , a dedicated worker is an extension of the cache host from which it was created .
10.2.1.3 Shared workers and the SharedWorkerGlobalScope interface
✔ MDN SharedWorkerGlobalScope
Support in all current engines .
Firefox 29 + Safari 5 + Chrome 4 + Opera 10.6 + Edge 79 + Edge ( Legacy ) No Internet Explorer No Firefox Android 4 + Safari iOS
7 + Chrome Android Yes WebView Android Yes Samsung Internet Yes Opera Android 11 +
[ Global =( Worker , SharedWorker ) , Exposed = SharedWorker ] interface SharedWorkerGlobalScope : WorkerGlobalScope { [ Replaceable ] readonly attribute DOMString name ; undefined close ( ) ; attribute EventHandler onconnect ; } ;
A SharedWorkerGlobalScope object has an associated constructor origin , constructor url , and credentials .
They are initialized when the SharedWorkerGlobalScope object is created , in the run a worker algorithm .
Shared workers receive message ports through connect events on their SharedWorkerGlobalScope object for each connection .
sharedWorkerGlobal .
name Returns sharedWorkerGlobal 's name , i.e. the value given to the SharedWorker constructor .
Multiple SharedWorker objects can correspond to the same shared worker ( and SharedWorkerGlobalScope ) , by reusing the same name .
sharedWorkerGlobal .
close () Aborts sharedWorkerGlobal .
MDN SharedWorkerGlobalScope/name Firefox 55 + Safari No Chrome Yes Opera 10.6 + Edge Yes Edge ( Legacy ) No Internet Explorer No Firefox Android 55 + Safari iOS No Chrome Android 40 + WebView Android Yes Samsung Internet 4.0 + Opera Android Yes
The name attribute must return the SharedWorkerGlobalScope object 's name .
Its value represents the name that can be used to obtain a reference to the worker using the SharedWorker constructor .
⚠ MDN SharedWorkerGlobalScope / close
Support in one engine only .
Firefox 54 + Safari ?
Chrome No Opera No Edge No Edge ( Legacy ) No Internet Explorer No Firefox Android 54 + Safari iOS ?
Chrome Android No WebView Android No Samsung Internet No Opera Android No
The close ( ) method , when invoked , must close a worker with this SharedWorkerGlobalScope object .
The following are the event handlers ( and their corresponding event handler event types ) that must be supported , as event handler IDL attributes , by objects implementing the SharedWorkerGlobalScope interface :
Event handler Event handler event type onconnect MDN SharedWorkerGlobalScope/onconnect Firefox 29 + Safari No Chrome 4 + Opera 10.6 + Edge 79 + Edge ( Legacy ) No Internet Explorer No Firefox Android 29 + Safari iOS ?
Chrome Android 18 + WebView Android Yes Samsung Internet 1.0 + Opera Android Yes connect
10.2.2
The event loop
A worker event loop 's task queues only have events , callbacks , and networking activity as tasks .
These worker event loops are created by the run a worker algorithm .
Each WorkerGlobalScope object has a closing flag , which must be initially false , but which can get set to true by the algorithms in the processing model section below .
Once the WorkerGlobalScope 's closing flag is set to true , the event loop 's task queues must discard any further tasks that would be added to them ( tasks already on the queue are unaffected except where otherwise specified ) .
Effectively , once the closing flag is true , timers stop firing , notifications for all pending background operations are dropped , etc .
10.2.3
The worker 's lifetime
Workers communicate with other workers and with browsing contexts through message channels and their MessagePort objects .
Each WorkerGlobalScope object worker global scope has a list of the worker 's ports , which consists of all the MessagePort objects that are entangled with another port and that have one ( but only one ) port owned by worker global scope .
This list includes the implicit MessagePort in the case of dedicated workers .
Given an environment settings object o when creating or obtaining a worker , the relevant owner to add depends on the type of global object specified by o .
If o specifies a global object that is a WorkerGlobalScope object ( i.e. , if we are creating a nested dedicated worker ) , then the relevant owner is that global object .
Otherwise , o specifies a global object that is a Window object , and the relevant owner is the responsible document specified by o .
A worker is said to be a permissible worker if its WorkerGlobalScope 's owner set is not empty or :
its owner set has been empty for no more than a short implementation - defined timeout value ,
its WorkerGlobalScope object is a SharedWorkerGlobalScope object ( i.e. , the worker is a shared worker ) , and
object is a object ( i.e. , the worker is a shared worker ) , and the user agent has a browsing context whose Document object is not completely loaded .
The second part of this definition allows a shared worker to survive for a short time while a page is loading , in case that page is going to contact the shared worker again .
This can be used by user agents as a way to avoid the cost of restarting a shared worker used by a site when the user is navigating from page to page within that site .
A worker is said to be an active needed worker if any its owners are either Document objects that are fully active or active needed workers .
A worker is said to be a protected worker if it is an active needed worker and either it has outstanding timers , database transactions , or network connections , or its list of the worker 's ports is not empty , or its WorkerGlobalScope is actually a SharedWorkerGlobalScope object ( i.e. , the worker is a shared worker ) .
A worker is said to be a suspendable worker if it is not an active needed worker but it is a permissible worker .
10.2.4 Processing model
When a user agent is to run a worker for a script with Worker or SharedWorker object worker , URL url , environment settings object outside settings , MessagePort outside port , and a WorkerOptions dictionary options , it must run the following steps .
When a user agent is to terminate a worker it must run the following steps in parallel with the worker 's main loop ( the " run a worker " processing model defined above ) :
User agents may invoke the terminate a worker algorithm when a worker stops being an active needed worker and the worker continues executing even after its closing flag was set to true .
10.2.5 Runtime script errors
Whenever an uncaught runtime script error occurs in one of the worker 's scripts , if the error did not occur while handling a previous script error , the user agent must report the error for that script , with the position ( line number and column number ) where the error occurred , using the WorkerGlobalScope object as the target .
For shared workers , if the error is still not handled afterwards , the error may be reported to a developer console .
For dedicated workers , if the error is still not handled afterwards , the user agent must queue a task to run these steps :
Let notHandled be the result of firing an event named error at the Worker object associated with the worker , using ErrorEvent , with the cancelable attribute initialized to true , the message , filename , lineno , and colno attributes initialized appropriately , and the error attribute initialized to null .
If not Handled is true , then the user agent must act as if the uncaught runtime script error had occurred in the global scope that the Worker object is in , thus repeating the entire runtime script error reporting process one level up .
If the implicit port connecting the worker to its Worker object has been disentangled ( i.e. if the parent worker has been terminated ) , then the user agent must act as if the Worker object had no error event handler and as if that worker 's onerror attribute was null , but must otherwise act as described above .
Thus , error reports propagate up to the chain of dedicated workers up to the original Document , even if some of the workers along this chain have been terminated and garbage collected .
The task source for the task mentioned above is the DOM manipulation task source .
10.2.6 Creating workers
10.2.6.1 The AbstractWorker mixin
✔ MDN AbstractWorker Support in all current engines .
Firefox 3.5 + Safari 4 + Chrome 4 + Opera 10.6 + Edge 79 + Edge ( Legacy ) 12 + Internet Explorer 10 + Firefox Android 4 + Safari iOS 5.1 + Chrome Android 18 + WebView Android 4.4 + Samsung Internet 1.0 + Opera Android 11 +
interface mixin AbstractWorker { attribute EventHandler onerror ; } ;
The following are the event handlers ( and their corresponding event handler event types ) that must be supported , as event handler IDL attributes , by objects implementing the AbstractWorker interface :
Event handler Event handler event type onerror ✔ MDN AbstractWorker / onerror Support in all current engines .
Firefox 3.5 + Safari 4 + Chrome 4 + Opera 10.6 + Edge 79 + Edge ( Legacy ) 12 + Internet Explorer 10 + Firefox Android 4 + Safari iOS 5.1 + Chrome Android 18 + WebView Android 4.4 + Samsung Internet 1.0 + Opera Android 11 + error
10.2.6.2 Script settings for workers
When the user agent is required to set up a worker environment settings object , given a JavaScript execution context execution context and environment settings object outside settings , it must run the following steps :
10.2.6.3 Dedicated workers and the Worker interface
✔ MDN Worker Support in all current engines .
Firefox 3.5 + Safari 4 + Chrome 4 + Opera 10.6 + Edge 79 + Edge ( Legacy ) 12 + Internet Explorer 10 + Firefox Android 4 + Safari iOS 5.1 + Chrome Android 18 + WebView Android 4 + Samsung Internet 1.0 + Opera Android 11 +
[ Exposed =( Window , DedicatedWorker , SharedWorker ) ] interface Worker : EventTarget { constructor ( USVString scriptURL , optional WorkerOptions options = {} ) ; undefined terminate ( ) ; undefined postMessage ( any message , sequence < object > transfer ) ; undefined postMessage ( any message , optional PostMessageOptions options = {} ) ; attribute EventHandler onmessage ; attribute EventHandler onmessageerror ; } ; dictionary WorkerOptions { WorkerType type = " classic " ; RequestCredentials credentials = " same - origin " ; // credentials is only used if type is " module " DOMString name = " " ; } ; enum WorkerType { " classic " , " module " } ; Worker includes AbstractWorker ;
worker = new Worker ( scriptURL [ , options ])
Returns a new Worker object .
scriptURL will be fetched and executed in the background , creating a new global environment for which worker represents the communication channel .
options can be used to define the name of that global environment via the name option , primarily for debugging purposes .
It can also ensure this new global environment supports JavaScript modules ( specify type : " module " ) , and if that is specified , can also be used to specify how scriptURL is fetched through the credentials option .
worker .
terminate () Aborts worker 's associated global environment .
worker .
postMessage ( message [ , transfer ] ) worker .
postMessage ( message [ , { transfer } ] )
Clones message and transmits it to worker 's global environment .
transfer can be passed as a list of objects that are to be transferred rather than cloned .
✔ MDN Worker / terminate Support in all current engines .
Firefox 3.5 + Safari 4 + Chrome 4 + Opera 10.6 + Edge 79 + Edge ( Legacy ) 12 + Internet Explorer 10 + Firefox Android 4 + Safari iOS 5.1 + Chrome Android 18 + WebView Android 4 + Samsung Internet 1.0 + Opera Android 11 +
The terminate ( ) method , when invoked , must cause the terminate a worker algorithm to be run on the worker with which the object is associated .
Worker objects act as if they had an implicit MessagePort associated with them .
This port is part of a channel that is set up when the worker is created , but it is not exposed .
This object must never be garbage collected before the Worker object .
All messages received by that port must immediately be retargeted at the Worker object .
✔ MDN Worker / postMessage Support in all current engines .
Firefox Yes Safari Yes Chrome Yes Opera 47 + Edge Yes Edge ( Legacy ) 12 + Internet Explorer 10 + Firefox Android Yes Safari iOS
Yes Chrome Android Yes WebView Android Yes Samsung Internet Yes Opera Android 44 +
The postMessage ( message , transfer ) and postMessage ( message , options ) methods on Worker objects act as if , when invoked , they immediately invoked the respective postMessage ( message , transfer ) and postMessage ( message , options ) on the port , with the same arguments , and returned the same return value .
The postMessage ( ) method 's first argument can be structured data : worker .
postMessage ( { opcode : ' activate ' , device : 1938 , parameters : [ 23 , 102 ] } ) ;
The following are the event handlers ( and their corresponding event handler event types ) that must be supported , as event handler IDL attributes , by objects implementing the Worker interface :
Event handler Event handler event type onmessage ✔ MDN Worker / onmessage Support in all current engines .
Firefox 3.5 + Safari 4 + Chrome 4 + Opera 10.6 + Edge 79 + Edge ( Legacy ) 12 + Internet Explorer 10 + Firefox Android 4 + Safari iOS 5.1 + Chrome Android 18 + WebView Android 4 + Samsung Internet 1.0 + Opera Android 11 + message onmessageerror MDN Worker/onmessageerror Firefox 57 + Safari ?
Chrome 60 + Opera 47 + Edge 79 + Edge ( Legacy ) 18 Internet Explorer No Firefox Android 57 + Safari iOS ?
Chrome Android 60 + WebView Android 60 + Samsung Internet 8.0 + Opera Android 44 + messageerror
✔ MDN Worker / Worker Support in all current engines .
Firefox 3.5 + Safari 4 + Chrome 4 + Opera 10.6 + Edge 79 + Edge ( Legacy ) 12 + Internet Explorer 10 + Firefox Android 4 + Safari iOS 5.1 + Chrome Android 18 + WebView Android 4 + Samsung Internet 1.0 + Opera Android 11 +
When the Worker ( scriptURL , options ) constructor is invoked , the user agent must run the following steps :
10.2.6.4 Shared workers and the SharedWorker interface
MDN SharedWorker Firefox 29 + Safari 5 –6.1 Chrome 4 + Opera 10.6 + Edge 79 + Edge ( Legacy ) No Internet Explorer No Firefox Android 33 + Safari iOS 5.1 –7 Chrome Android No WebView Android No Samsung Internet 4.0 –5.0 Opera Android 11–14
[ Exposed = Window ] interface SharedWorker : EventTarget { constructor ( USVString scriptURL , optional ( DOMString or WorkerOptions ) options = {} ) ; readonly attribute MessagePort port ; } ; SharedWorker includes AbstractWorker ;
sharedWorker = new SharedWorker ( scriptURL [ , name ] )
Returns a new SharedWorker object .
scriptURL will be fetched and executed in the background , creating a new global environment for which shared Worker represents the communication channel .
name can be used to define the name of that global environment .
sharedWorker = new SharedWorker ( scriptURL [ , options ])
Returns a new SharedWorker object .
scriptURL will be fetched and executed in the background , creating a new global environment for which shared Worker represents the communication channel .
options can be used to define the name of that global environment via the name option .
It can also ensure this new global environment supports JavaScript modules ( specify type : " module " ) , and if that is specified , can also be used to specify how scriptURL is fetched through the credentials option .
Note that attempting to construct a shared worker with options whose type or credentials values mismatch an existing shared worker will cause the returned shared Worker to fire an error event and not connect to the existing shared worker .
sharedWorker .
port Returns sharedWorker 's MessagePort object which can be used to communicate with the global environment .
MDN SharedWorker / port Firefox 29 + Safari 5 –6.1 Chrome 4 + Opera 10.6 + Edge 79 + Edge ( Legacy ) No Internet Explorer No Firefox Android 33 + Safari iOS 5.1 –7 Chrome Android No WebView Android No Samsung Internet 4.0 –5.0 Opera Android 11–14
The port attribute must return the value it was assigned by the object 's constructor .
It represents the MessagePort for communicating with the shared worker .
A user agent has an associated shared worker manager which is the result of starting a new parallel queue .
Each user agent has a single shared worker manager for simplicity .
Implementations could use one per origin ; that would not be observably different and enables more concurrency .
MDN SharedWorker / SharedWorker Firefox 29 + Safari 5 –6.1 Chrome 4 + Opera 10.6 + Edge 79 + Edge ( Legacy ) No Internet Explorer No Firefox Android 33 + Safari iOS 5.1 –7 Chrome Android No WebView Android No Samsung Internet 4.0 –5.0 Opera Android 11–14
When the SharedWorker ( scriptURL , options ) constructor is invoked :
10.2.7 Concurrent hardware capabilities
MDN NavigatorConcurrentHardware Firefox 48 + Safari ?
Chrome 37 + Opera 24 + Edge 79 + Edge ( Legacy ) 18 Internet Explorer ?
Firefox Android 48 + Safari iOS ?
Chrome Android 37 + WebView Android 37 + Samsung Internet 3.0 + Opera Android 24 + caniuse.com table
interface mixin NavigatorConcurrentHardware { readonly attribute unsigned long long hardwareConcurrency ; } ;
self .
navigator .
hardwareConcurrency
Returns the number of logical processors potentially available to the user agent .
MDN NavigatorConcurrentHardware/hardwareConcurrency Firefox 48 + Safari ?
Chrome 37 + Opera 24 + Edge 79 + Edge ( Legacy ) 15 + Internet Explorer ?
Firefox Android 48 + Safari iOS ?
Chrome Android 37 + WebView Android 37 + Samsung Internet 3.0 + Opera Android 24 +
The navigator .
hardwareConcurrency attribute 's getter must return a number between 1 and the number of logical processors potentially available to the user agent .
If this can not be determined , the getter must return 1 .
User agents should err toward exposing the number of logical processors available , using lower values only in cases where there are user - agent specific limits in place ( such as a limitation on the number of workers that can be created ) or when the user agent desires to limit fingerprinting possibilities .
10.3 APIs available to workers
10.3.1 Importing scripts and libraries
✔ MDN WorkerGlobalScope /importScripts
Support in all current engines .
Firefox 4 + Safari 4 + Chrome 4 + Opera 10.6 + Edge 79 + Edge ( Legacy ) 12 + Internet Explorer 10 + Firefox Android 4 + Safari iOS 3.2 + Chrome Android 18 + WebView Android 37 + Samsung Internet 1.0 + Opera Android 11 +
When a script invokes the importScripts ( urls ) method on a WorkerGlobalScope object , the user agent must import scripts into worker global scope given this WorkerGlobalScope object and urls .
To import scripts into worker global scope , given a WorkerGlobalScope object worker global scope and a sequence < DOMString > urls , run these steps .
The algorithm may optionally be customized by supplying custom perform the fetch hooks , which if provided will be used when invoking fetch a classic worker - imported script .
Service Workers is an example of a specification that runs this algorithm with its own options for the perform the fetch hook . [ SW ]
10.3.2 The WorkerNavigator interface
✔ MDN WorkerGlobalScope / navigator
Support in all current engines .
Firefox 3.5 + Safari 4 + Chrome 4 + Opera 11.5 + Edge 79 + Edge ( Legacy ) 17 + Internet Explorer Yes Firefox Android 4 + Safari iOS 5.1 + Chrome Android 40 + WebView Android 37 + Samsung Internet 4.0 + Opera Android Yes
The navigator attribute of the WorkerGlobalScope interface must return an instance of the WorkerNavigator interface , which represents the identity and state of the user agent ( the client ) :
MDN WorkerNavigator Firefox 3.5 + Safari ?
Chrome 1 + Opera Yes Edge 79 + Edge ( Legacy ) No Internet Explorer ?
Firefox Android 4 + Safari iOS ?
Chrome Android Yes WebView Android Yes Samsung Internet Yes Opera Android Yes
[ Exposed = Worker ] interface WorkerNavigator {} ; WorkerNavigator includes NavigatorID ; WorkerNavigator includes NavigatorLanguage ; WorkerNavigator includes NavigatorOnLine ; WorkerNavigator includes NavigatorConcurrentHardware ;
10.3.3 The WorkerLocation interface
MDN WorkerLocation Firefox 3.5 + Safari ?
Chrome 1 + Opera Yes Edge 79 + Edge ( Legacy ) No Internet Explorer ?
Firefox Android 4 + Safari iOS ?
Chrome Android Yes WebView Android Yes Samsung Internet Yes Opera Android Yes
[ Exposed = Worker ] interface WorkerLocation { stringifier readonly attribute USVString href ; readonly attribute USVString origin ; readonly attribute USVString protocol ; readonly attribute USVString host ; readonly attribute USVString hostname ; readonly attribute USVString port ; readonly attribute USVString pathname ; readonly attribute USVString search ; readonly attribute USVString hash ; } ;
A WorkerLocation object has an associated WorkerGlobalScope object ( a WorkerGlobalScope object ) .
The href attribute 's getter must return the associated WorkerGlobalScope object 's url , serialized .
The origin attribute 's getter must return the serialization of the associated WorkerGlobalScope object 's url 's origin .
The protocol attribute 's getter must return the associated WorkerGlobalScope object 's url 's scheme , followed by " : " .
The host attribute 's getter must run these steps :
Let url be the associated WorkerGlobalScope object 's url .
If url 's host is null , return the empty string .
If url 's port is null , return url 's host , serialized .
Return url 's host , serialized , followed by " : " and url 's port , serialized .
The hostname attribute 's getter must run these steps :
Let host be the associated WorkerGlobalScope object 's url 's host .
If host is null , return the empty string .
Return host , serialized .
The port attribute 's getter must run these steps :
Let port be the associated WorkerGlobalScope object 's url 's port .
If port is null , return the empty string .
Return port , serialized .
The pathname attribute 's getter must run these steps :
Let url be the associated WorkerGlobalScope object 's url .
If url 's cannot - be - a - base - URL flag is set , return the first string in url 's path .
Return " / " , followed by the strings in url 's path ( including empty strings ) , separated from each other by " / " .
The search attribute 's getter must run these steps :
Let query be the associated WorkerGlobalScope object 's url 's query .
If query is either null or the empty string , return the empty string .
Return " ? " , followed by query .
The hash attribute 's getter must run these steps :
John McCain made the morning show rounds today .
On
Fox they were virtually begging him to “ suspend ” his campaign again in the wake of the bailout failure yesterday on the Hill .
You know , since it worked out so well the first time .
McCain ’s answer :
He just might suspend again .
Whatever it takes …
Adding Google Maps To Your Rails Applications
In the months following publication of the final part of the very popular series on integrating Google Maps into PHP applications , I 've spent quite a bit of time working with another popular Web technology : Ruby on Rails .
As it turns out , Rails developers have been hard at work creating a few amazing plugins capable of adding powerful mapping capabilities to your applications .
In this new series , I 'll introduce you to these powerful plugins , showing you a number of tips and tricks along the way .
I 'll presume you 're familiar with mapping fundamentals , including the basic ideas surrounding the Google mapping API syntax .
If you have n't had the opportunity to experiment with the API , take some time to read this tutorial before continuing .
Introducing the YM4R / GM Plugin
Although there 's nothing preventing you from linking to Google 's mapping JavaScript API and referencing the library directly from your views , jumping between Ruby / Rails syntax and JavaScript can quickly become a tedious affair .
The YM4R / GM plugin remedies this issue nicely , abstracting the API calls through Ruby 's familiar object - oriented syntax .
With it you can do everything from render simple maps to build complex maps complete with custom markers , information windows , and clusters for facilitating the rendering of large numbers of markers .
Installing and Configuring YM4R/GM
To install the YM4R / GM plugin , execute the following command from your project directory :
%>ruby script / plugin install svn://rubyforge.org/var/svn/ym4r/Plugins/GM/trunk/ym4r_gm
YM4R / GM manages the Google API keys within a file named gmaps_api_key .yml , found in the project 's config directory .
The developers save you the trouble of having to create your own API key for local testing purposes by including an API key that has already been tied to http://localhost:3000 .
However , if you 're testing on a different host , you 'll first need to create an API key and add it to this file ( instructions for creating a key are provided in the aforementioned introductory tutorial ) .
Creating Your First Map
To get acquainted with YM4R / GM 's syntax , you can begin by creating the map displayed in Figure 1 .
Figure 1 : Centering the map over Youngstown , Ohio
As is standard Rails practice , you 'll use the controller method to define the map and its features , and the view to render the results .
In the following example , you 'll define a map in the index controller 's index action , complete with a pan / zoom control but minus the map type selector :
def index # Create a new map object , also defining the div ( " map " ) # where the map will be rendered in the view @map = GMap.new ( " map " ) #
Use the larger pan / zoom control but disable the map type # selector @map.control_init(:large_map => true , : map_type => false ) #
Center the map on specific coordinates and focus in fairly # closely @map.center_zoom_init([41.023849,-80.682053 ] , 10 ) end
Next , in the index action 's corresponding view , add the following code :
< html > < head > < title > Test </ title > <%= GMap.header %> <%= @map.to_html %> </ head > < body > <%= @map.div ( : width => 400 , : height => 300 ) %> </ body > </html >
The GMap.header call will output references to both the Google Maps API and YM4R / GM JavaScript libraries .
The @map.to_html call outputs JavaScript code generated by YM4R / GM according to the specifications set forth in the action .
Finally , the @map.div call outputs the map to a div as specified in the action 's GMap.new call .
Also , you 'll see that the map dimensions are defined in the view rather than the controller .
This is keeping with the convention of separating application logic and design ; the view designer can choose any dimension he pleases ; the map will simply fill to the desired size .
The initial zoom level is , however , defined in the controller , although the user can easily subsequently adjust the zoom using the control .
Page 1 of 3
Enlarge By Mike Hettwer , National Geographic Society via AP
A 11 - year - old Tenerian girl who was buried wearing an upper -arm bracelet carved from the tusk of a hippo some 4,800 years ago .
Enlarge By Mike Hettwer , National Geographic Society via AP
The skeletons and artifacts of the exceptional triple burial at Gobero preserved in this cast exactly as found by Paul Sereno , Explorer - in - Residence at the National Geographic Society .
WASHINGTON  A tiny woman and two children were laid to rest on a bed of flowers 5,000 years ago in what is now the barren Sahara Desert .
The slender arms of the youngsters were still extended to the woman in perpetual embrace when researchers discovered their skeletons in a remarkable cemetery that is providing clues to two civilizations who lived there , a thousand years apart , when the region was moist and green .
Paul Sereno of the University of Chicago and colleagues were searching for the remains of dinosaurs in the African country of Niger when they came across the startling find , detailed at a news conference Thursday at the National Geographic Society .
Some 200 graves of humans were found during fieldwork at the site in 2005 and 2006 , as well as remains of animals , large fish and crocodiles .
" Everywhere you turned , there were bones belonging to animals that do n't live in the desert , " said Sereno .
" I realized we were in the green Sahara . "
The graveyard , uncovered by hot desert winds , is near what would have been a lake at the time people lived there .
It 's in a region called Gobero , hidden away in Niger 's forbidding Tenere Desert , known to Tuareg nomads as a " desert within a desert . "
The human remains dated from two distinct populations that lived there during wet times , with a dry period in between .
The first group , known as the Kiffian , hunted wild animals and speared huge perch with harpoons .
They colonized the region when the Sahara was at its wettest , between 10,000 and 8,000 years ago .
The researchers said the Kiffians were tall , sometimes reaching well over 6 feet ( 1.83 meters ) .
The second group lived in the region between 7,000 and 4,500 years ago .
The Tenerians were smaller and had a mixed economy of hunting , fishing and cattle herding .
Their burials often included jewelry or ritual poses .
For example , one girl had an upper - arm bracelet carved from a hippo tusk .
An adult Tenerian male was buried with his skull resting on part of a clay vessel ; another adult male was interred seated on the shell of a mud turtle .
And pollen remains show the woman and two children were buried on a bed of flowers .
The researchers preserved the group just as they had been for thousands of years .
" At first glance , it 's hard to imagine two more biologically distinct groups of people burying their dead in the same place , " said team member Chris Stojanowski , a bioarchaeologist from Arizona State University .
Stojanowski said ridges on the thigh bone of one Kiffian man show he had huge leg muscles , " which suggests he was eating a lot of protein and had an active , strenuous lifestyle .
The Kiffian appear to have been fairly healthy — it would be difficult to grow a body that tall and muscular without sufficient nutrition . "
On the other hand , ridges on a Tenerian male were barely visible .
" This man 's life was less rigorous , perhaps taking smaller fish and game with more advanced hunting technologies , " Stojanowski said .
Helene Jousse , a zooarchaeologist from the Museum of Natural History in Vienna , reported that animal bones found in the area were from types common today in the Serengeti in Kenya , such as elephants , giraffes , hartebeests and warthogs .
The finds are detailed in reports in Thursday 's edition of the journal PLoS One and in the September issue of National Geographic Magazine .
While the Sahara is desert today , a small difference in Earth 's orbit once brought seasonal monsoons farther north , wetting the landscape with lakes with lush margins and drawing animals and people .
The research was funded by National Geographic , the Island Fund of the New York Community Trust , the National Science Foundation and the Wenner - Gren Foundation for Anthropological Research .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Prawn : The Pure Ruby PDF Generation Library
By Peter Cooper
Prawn is a new pure Ruby PDF generation library developed primarily by Gregory Brown .
Back in March , Gregory tried to raise $ 13000 so he could spend six months working on Ruby - related open source projects .
He eventually raised $ 5525 from the community ( plus $ 5000 from Ruby Central and $ 500 from Mountain West RubyConf ) and has spent the last few months working on Prawn .
Prawn can be installed from a pull from GitHub or , for those of us who are less adventurous , with a gem install prawn .
Once installed , you can give it a quick test run :
require ' prawn ' Prawn :: Document . generate ( " test.pdf " ) do font " # { Prawn :: BASEDIR} /data/fonts/DejaVuSans.ttf " text " this is a test " * 100 end
Prawn comes with 11 typefaces , including Helvetica , Courier , DejaVuSans , Times , and everyone 's favorite - Comic Sans .
It already supports image embedding , table drawing , and content positioning , but a lot more is yet to come .
Prawn is now ripe for more community involvement and support , so if you want to help ( Gregory 's looking for a logo ! ) the prawn - ruby Google Group is a great place to start .
Update : Gregory has created the " Prawn Gallery " on GitHub as a place for people to show off their Prawn - created PDFs .
The Master Cleanse ( also called The Lemonade Diet ) is a modified juice fast that ’s often used for rapid weight loss which consists of 3 simple , but powerful Super Foods , and Water .
This Master Cleanser is a liquid diet that provides a healthy amount of calories and nutrients specifically suited for cleansing , all while resting the digestive system and allowing the body to heal naturally .
The Master Cleanse has been tested and approved since 1940 by millions of people all around the world and is constantly reported as the most successful diet of its type .
Over the years ,
The Master Cleanse has gone by many names such as The Lemonade Diet , The Cayenne Pepper Diet , The Maple Syrup Diet ( all from ingredients in the Lemonade ) .
The Lemonade Diet is also known as the Beyonce Diet , thanks in part to the fame Beyonce brought to the cleanse when she did the diet to lose weight for the movie Dreamgirls .
More recently , many people refer to the broader regimen as The Master Cleanse , and to the narrower diet as The Lemonade Diet .
In the end , it really does n’t matter what you call it , all you need to know is that it flat - out works –as evident by the millions of fans worldwide .
There are 3 Ingredients to the Lemonade Diet :
The Lemonade Diet is such a simple diet to teach and requires only 100 words to convey the basics :
First , squeeze Fresh Lemons into 2 Tablespoons of Lemon Juice
Then add 2 Tablespoons of Rich Maple Syrup , and 1/16 of a Teaspoon of Cayenne Pepper into 8 oz of Pure Water .
Drink a minimum of six to 18 glasses throughout the day whenever one is hungry
Every day you do The Master Cleanse you overcome the psychological need to eat , you feel a growing sense of control that motivates you to complete the process .
The Master Cleanse is by far my favorite of all the detox diets I have tried , and maintains its place at the Grandfather of Juice - Fasting , and the predecessor to the Ketogenic Diet craze ( as is Fasting in general ) .
There are 5 Phases to The Master Cleanse :
Ease - In : The 3 days before and after The Lemonade Diet that slowly removes or re-introduces complex , The Lemonade Diet : 10 Days to Lose Weight Fast , and Feel Great At Last Ease - Out :
The 3 days after The Lemonade Diet that slowly removes or re-introduces complex , processed ( C.R.A.P. ) foods from your diet .
Daily Detox Teas : Every day a Natural Detox Method must be engaged to eliminate Waste such as Detox Tea The Salt Water Flush : Optionally , instead of the detox laxative tea , you can do the Salt Water Flush first thing in the morning ( details below ) .
Each of these will be explained in detail , and it is very important to follow these directions carefully .
If you read closely you should n’t have many questions , but of course there is always more to know , so check out the comments .
Most of your other questions will be answered there .
Since I get so many of the same questions , I will be making a FAQ or Frequently Asked Questions page very soon .
OK , so that ’s the recipe , now what ?
There are often questions regarding the precise ingredients for the Master Cleanser Recipe , as they can vary somewhat , depending on your experience and requirements .
Be sure to choose which is right for you and learn how to best be prepared for The Master Cleanser Side Effects .
The best way to prepare for the Master Cleanse is to get educated about all the ingredients and their purpose as well as the Cleaning process that takes place .
Everyone goes through different , very individual healing process and this may prepare you for it ’s ups and downs .
The Ease - In step of The Master Cleanse ( Pre- Diet Routine ) is not as important as the Ease - Out ( Post - Diet Routine ) .
In fact , you could skip the Ease - In completely and begin directly with The Lemonade Diet at anytime .
In my experience , however , beginning The Lemonade Diet with the Ease - In routine not only prepares your stomach for less food , but your mind as well .
The purpose of Easing - into the Cleanse
I find by doing the Ease - In , the first two days of the Diet are not as shocking , and the impulse to eat is therefore more manageable .
It allows you to prepare your body for the dramatic change in diet as you cleanse but it will also prepare you for the next 10 days : mentally and emotionally , which can prevent you from ending the Master Cleanse too soon .
Use the 3 days of the Ease - In to gather your ingredients for the Master Cleanser Recipe .
Whether you begin The Lemonade Diet immediately or Ease - In , the process of the Lemonade Diet is the same .
You will however , need to make two decisions to suit your personal preferences and / or your daily work and family routines .
The first Master Cleanse Variation revolves around timing your daily flush .
Perhaps equally important as Ending The Master Cleanse is the Daily Detox Bowel Movement .
It is crucial to flush out the toxins your body is eliminating , and since you are not consuming digestible food ( fibre ) to create a bowel movement , you will have to make that happen .
Awake , and prepare your Lemonade – this is your nourishment and energy source for the day .
Soon after arising you will prepare your daily intake of Fresh Lemon Juice , Rich Maple Syrup , Cayenne Pepper and Pure Water .
Master Cleanser Tip : Roll each lemon firmly between your palm and the counter .
Put sufficient downward pressure as you rock the lemon back and forth under your hand .
You are softening the lemon to make the extraction of juice more efficient .
See this post for detailed tips on The Lemonade Diet .
How much Lemonade should you drink during the day ?
You will drink between 6 and 12 glasses of Lemonade each day ( some people drink as much as 26 glasses per day ) .
The more you can drink , the better .
I try to drink at least 8 glasses each day .
This will depend on how big or small you currently are ( caloric needs ) , your tolerance to physical and psychological urges to eat , and your desire to to lose weight .
Most people think that Detox is an big procedure one must endure , but the truth is that we are constantly detoxing through our organs of elimination such as our liver , kidneys , and even our skin .
Yes The Master Cleanse is a Detox Diet , which is to say a diet that produces rapid and more deep detox , which is precisely why , if we choose to engage in additional practices that also on their own aid our body ’s own ability to detox , we can deepen our Master Cleanse detox experience .
Of the many Daily Detox Methods we could employ , such as epson salt baths , tongue scraping , saunas etc. , the most important are those that induce our “ Daily Detox Bowel Movement ” .
It is this process that cleanses your body of the waste , and toxins since we are not producing any solid waste for our bowels to move on their own .
There are two accepted methods to produce Daily Detox Bowel Movements :
Prior to your first day on The Lemonade Diet you should have taken your Nightly Laxative .
On your first full day you do not need to do the SWF so you can start drinking your Lemonade immediately upon waking .
The Ease - out process of The Master Cleanse is the exact same as the Ease - In , but in reverse .
This is also another reason I choose to do the Ease - In – it prepares me for the Ease - Out .
You will be tempted to fast - track this process , but DON’T .
Why is the Ease – out so important ?
Consider this step as ESSENTIAL .
You can become nauseated if you start to eat too soon .
Please do n’t underestimate the importance of this process .
On the other hand , do n’t be scared of it either .
You do risk some serious constipation or some of the worse Complications of The Master Cleanse – but if you eat something too soon , you will likely be okay in the long run .
If you are unsure at any time – consult a doctor .
My words here are opinion only , and should always be considered informational not medical advice .
Here is a quote from Tom Woloshyn ’s book The Complete Master Cleanse On the Easing – out : ”
The important transition period of moving from lemonade to food will prepare your digestive system for more and more complex foods so that it does not become overwhelmed .
Just as you would n’t try running a marathon after being a couch potato for three years , you would n’t break a cleanse by launching into full - feasting mode .
You want your digestive system to get well - deserved break so that your body can start back on the right track . ”
The Results ; Before and After The Master Cleanse
Naturally , and because many chose the Master Cleanse for it ’s rapid weight loss effects , many people want to know , how much weight they will lose , and how fast they can lose weight .
While those types of questions can indicate an unhealthy desire to lose weight fast , that in itself is n’t necessarily bad , or unhealthy .
There are plenty of studies that show in the context of a controlled environment , that works with the bodies systems as fasting does , that rapid weight loss does n’t have to be a taboo subject or a scorned intention .
Just take note of you broader reasons .
If you repeatedly are gaining the weight back and are looking in the mirror at your waistline with anxiety , you might want to seek emotional cleansing first .
Wellness is holistic , systemic , and so is disease .
It ’s all connected .
Take a look at the whole picture , and be honest with yourself about your wants , needs , desires and fears .
How much weight will I lose during the Master Cleanse ?
Master Cleanse Weight
Loss results vary according to your pre-cleanse weight , and can be managed , to a degree , by how much lemonade you drink .
Obviously you can Drink more , for less weight loss , and drink less to lose more weight .
It is not a wise choice to drink less than 6 glasses in an effort to lose “ extra ” weight .
Weight loss ( if any ) , should occur naturally .
It is wise to drink whenever you ’re hungry , or when you feel a lack of energy ( commonly felt as a weakness or mild shakiness ) , which is quickly corrected by drinking a glass of Fresh Lemonade .
12 glasses per day should be your starting point from which you will make adjustments .
How long should I do the Cleanse for ?
Tom Woloshyn claims the longest he has heard of is 372 days straight with the second longest being 256 .
Some people do “ Cleanse Stacks ” where they will do 10 days followed by some regular eating and quickly going back on for another 10 days as many as 5 times .
My suggestion is that 2 weeks is more than enough .
There are reasons for Long Term Master Cleansing such as Disease Cleansing , but that topic is far outside of the scope of this article .
After The Master Cleanse
When you are done The Master Cleanse , the next and maybe most important step is to begin to Eat Wisely .
This sounds so simple , yet so many people go right back to eating emotionally to sooth their daily worries .
Choose to Eat Wisely and you will not put the weight back on .
If you go back to Eating Poorly , you will gain back all the weight you just lost – and maybe more !
Make sure to start taking Probiotics after you finished the Cleanse .
It is very important to replenish the good bacteria in your body that has been flushed out during the Cleansing process .
The word “ probiotic ” means “ for life . ”
Probiotics are good bacteria that provides many health benefits and are essential for many vital body functions , including healthy digestion .
Getting Started ( For Newbie & Master Cleansers )
Now that you know what The Master Cleanse is , you might want to take that information and get started right away , and you ’ll probably do just fine going it alone , searching randomly for communities to join , resources to rely on and people to relate to .
But , why would you ?
It ’s all right here .
Sign up now for our Group Cleanse , a free Cleanse Bootcamp , perfect for Newbie Cleansers , and Master Cleansers alike .
Was erwartet Sie hier ?
« Was genau versteht man unter Soft Skills ? »
« Ich brauche eine Liste aller Soft Skills , Beispiele sowie eine Definition des Begriffs ! »
« Sind Soft Skills und Soziale Kompetenz synonym zu verwenden ? »
Willkommen auf www.soft-skills.com.
Hier geht es um " Soft Skills " , " Social Skills " , " weiche Fähigkeiten " und all die " persönlichen Eigenschaften " , " Kompetenzen " und " Schlüsselqualifikationen " , die neben der rein fachlichen Kompetenz den Ausschlag für Erfolg im Berufsleben geben , aber nicht nur dort , sondern auch im Alltag , in Beziehungen , in Kommunikation generell .
Was erwartet Sie hier ?
Nun , zu aller erst ganz viele " Wissens - und Trainingsbausteine " , mit denen Sie selbst Ihre Soft Skills trainieren , erweitern , verbessern können .
Daneben so allerlei Grundlagen und Theorie , z.B. das von mir ( André Moritz ) entwickelte Konzept des « Soft Skills Würfels » .
Dieser dient als Strukturierung und Visualisierung des Soft Skill - Themas und soll den Zugang zu den 26 Soft Skills erleichtern und ihre Schnittmengen verdeutlichen ( siehe unsere Soft Skills Liste ) .
Fragen zu Soft Skills im Lebenslauf in der Bewerbung , Soft Skills Beispiele zum Auflisten persönlicher Stärken , aber auch Fragen der Trainierbarkeit von Soft Skills durch Seminare , Bücher , Coaching und mehr sollen auf www.soft-skills.com beleuchtet werden .
Denn : Schon der Versuch einer eindeutigen Soft Skills Definition ist schwierig , und auch die eine eindeutige , unbestrittene Soft Skills Liste gibt es nicht , auch wenn wir hier uns für eine Auswahl und Zusammenstellung von entsprechenden Schlüsselqualifikationen entschieden haben .
Soft Skills vs. Hard Skills : in einer Bewerbung wird man das im Bewerbungsanschreiben noch ganz gut hinbekommen darzustellen .
Soft Skills Beispiele wie Empathie - Vermögen ( siehe empathisch ) , Durchsetzungsvermögen und Selbstbewusstsein lassen sich noch ganz gut beziffern und beobachten .
Aber schon bei " Teamfähigkeit " gehen die Vorstellungen sehr weit auseinander , was genau das ist , und wann jemand als " teamfähig " gilt .
Und das Gegenteil , " nicht teamfähig " , wird zwar schnell als Vorwurf artikuliert , ist aber häufig nur Ausdruck eines spezifischen Defizits in einem ganz bestimmten Bereich , z.B. im Kontext von Kritik geben können und Kritik ( an ) nehmen können ( siehe Kritikkompetenz ) .
Wie kann ein Soft Skills
Test aussehen - gibt es das überhaupt ?
Wie kann man im Bewerbungsgespräch Beispiele für seine Soft Skills bringen , die überzeugen ?
Und lohnen sich Soft Skills Seminare - wenn ja , welche , wie und wo ?
Um Fragen wie diese geht es auf www.soft-skills.com und soll es gehen auf dieser Website .
- Willkommen , und viel Spaß beim Stöbern und Lesen !
Werfen Sie doch zum Start einen Blick auf den Soft Skills Würfel ...
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The day after Jim Johnson resigned from Sen. Barack Obama 's vice presidential candidate vetting committee , Sen. John McCain set his sights on Eric Holder , one of the two remaining members of the committee .
Sen . John McCain on Thursday critized Eric Holder for his recommendations about a commodities trader .
" I think people in the media and observers will make a decision as to whether these people , individuals , should be part of Sen.
Obama 's campaign , " McCain said in Boston , Massachusetts , on Thursday .
" I think it is a matter of record that Mr. Holder recommended the pardoning of Mr. [ Marc ] Rich . "
Rich was a commodities trader who fled to Europe in 1983 after tax evasion charges and allegations of illegal oil dealings with Iran .
He was pardoned by former President Clinton at the end of his second term , while Holder was deputy attorney general .
In a response Thursday , Obama campaign spokesman Hari Sevugan said McCain was raising old allegations rather than talking about the issues .
" It 's telling that John McCain -- whose vice presidential search process is headed by a prominent D.C. lobbyist who served as the Reagan administration 's point man on the Iran - Contra scandal -- would try to recycle a tired attack on Mr. Holder , " she said .
Sevugan was referring to A.B. Culvahouse , who is leading McCain 's vice presidential candidate search and was counsel to the president in the Reagan White House .
Johnson stepped aside Wednesday amid criticism that he received a favorable mortgage from Countrywide Financial , a company that Obama routinely attacks on the stump .
Johnson , a former CEO of Fannie Mae , was one of three people on Obama 's search team , alongside Holder and Caroline Kennedy , daughter of President Kennedy .
Watch more on Johnson stepping down »
" All those things will be taken into consideration by the media and the American people , especially when you are entrusting individuals with one of the most important decisions that a presidential candidate can make before that individual is elected , and that is who the running mate is , " McCain added .
Watch McCain react to Johnson resignation , take aim at Holder »
Following criticism by the McCain camp after Johnson stepped down , Obama spokesman Bill Burton quickly responded , pointing to two of McCain 's top advisers , including Culvahouse .
" We do n't need any lectures from a campaign that waited 15 months to purge the lobbyists from their staff , and only did so because they said it was a ' perception problem , ' " Burton said in an e-mail .
" It 's too bad their campaign is still rife with lobbyist influence and does n't see a similar ' perception problem ' with the man currently running their own vice presidential selection process , a prominent D.C. lobbyist whose firm has represented Exxon and a top Enron executive , or their campaign chair and John McCain 's top economic adviser Carly Fiorina , who presided over thousands of layoffs at Hewlett Packard while receiving a $ 21 million severance package and $ 650,000 in mortgage assistance , " he added .
Meanwhile , with the presidential campaigns ' vice presidential search teams under scrutiny for ties to special interest groups and lobbying firms , some in Washington say it 's hard to find qualified aides detached from business dealings .
Steve McMahon , a Democratic analyst and former adviser for Howard Dean 's 2004 presidential campaign , said Thursday that perception that campaigns are void of special interests and lobbying ties are " at the heart of the problem . "
" Both campaigns , which have made it a priority to distance themselves from special interest groups and lobbyists , may not be so detached from Beltway insiders , " he said .
" People inside the Beltway have histories .
...
There are n't very many people in this town who do politics exclusively for a living . "
Watch more of McMahon 's interview »
McMahon added that campaign advisers " have other jobs and do other things .
If you want to get experienced people in your campaign , you 're going to have this challenge .
...
But certainly , this idea of running clean campaigns that are free of special interests does set up this contradiction when you look at some of the people they have to hire . "
It 's a point that David Gergen , a former Clinton administration official and current CNN senior political analyst , agrees with .
" You know , if we 're going to take everybody who has commercial ties on either side of the campaign and question anything , any little cloud or any little suspicion and force them out of the politics , I must tell you , we 're going to take an awful lot of talent out of politics .
And the country will not be better off . "
Marcus Mabry , of The New York Times , adds that the problem " is n't Washington . "
" People go from these jobs in government to jobs in the private sector all the time , " he said .
" Some of those jobs are lobbyists .
We 're not even talking about a lobbyist problem here .
We 're talking about taking a loan . "
Gergen says the fallout from the resignation has been a " blow for the Obama campaign , a major distraction . "
" It hit them just at the time they were trying to get traction .
They were trying to get some momentum built around the economy , and here they now get diverted over this other issue .
And it sort of takes some of the glow off . "
For several days , Obama pushed back against the attacks on Johnson , the first person he named to head his search team .
Republican Party spokesman Alex Conant called Obama " naive " and " hypocritical " after Obama 's remarks Tuesday , before Johnson stepped down .
McCain 's campaign ramped up that notion after Johnson 's resignation .
Tucker Bounds , a spokesman for the presumed GOP presidential nominee , said Johnson 's resignation " raises serious questions about Barack Obama 's judgment . "
CNN political producer Alexander Marquardt contributed to this report .
All About Barack Obama • Countrywide Financial Corporation
Medical science has given a 54 - year - old German farmer new hope to again indicate how large a fish he 's caught by successfully fitting him with a new pair of arms .
Munich University Clinic said doctors spent 15 hours grafting fresh limbs onto his body , in what they believe is the world 's first complete double arm transplant .
The amputee lost his original set in an accident six years ago .
He consulted the microsurgery unit which performed the operation after two failed attempts to use prosthetics .
The farmer 's name , as well as the identity of the donor who died shortly before the surgery , was not released .
Transplant team chief Christoph Hoehnke told reporters that he was touched to see the patient 's wife instinctively reach for his hands when she came to his bedside after the operation , according to the AFP .
The procedure was done by 40 doctors , nurses and assistants spread across five teams working arm - in-arm .
" The whole thing went according to script , " Hoehnke said .
Before his bones could be cut , doctors had to fill the man 's blood vessels in his arms with a cooled preservation solution .
Then bones were joined , followed by arteries and veins to ensure blood circulation began quickly as possible .
Although the patient can't yet applaud the doctors ' work , they expect his network of nerves to expand at about one millimeter per day .
It 's predicted to be at least two years before he will be able to use his new hands without assistance .
However , doctors can't rule out that the patient 's body may reject the foreign limbs .
He 'll be taking medication that suppresses the immune system for the rest of his life to lessen the chances of this happening .
The clinic said that until now , only transplants of the lower arms have taken place .
The upper arm poses a greater challenge to get the circulatory system to handle the change . ®
Researchers have been unable to build an ideal “ photonic crystal ” to manipulate visible light , impeding the dream of ultrafast optical computers .
But now , University of Utah chemists have discovered that nature already has designed photonic crystals with the ideal , diamond - like structure :
They are found in the shimmering , iridescent green scales of a beetle from Brazil .
Researchers have been unable to build an ideal “ photonic crystal ” to manipulate visible light , impeding the dream of ultrafast optical computers .
But now , University of Utah chemists have discovered that nature already has designed photonic crystals with the ideal , diamond - like structure :
They are found in the shimmering , iridescent green scales of a beetle from Brazil
“ It appears that a simple creature like a beetle provides us with one of the technologically most sought - after structures for the next generation of computing , ” says study leader Michael Bartl , an assistant professor of chemistry and adjunct assistant professor of physics at the University of Utah .
“ Nature has simple ways of making structures and materials that are still unobtainable with our million - dollar instruments and engineering strategies . ”
The study by Bartl , University of Utah chemistry doctoral student Jeremy Galusha and colleagues is set to be published later this week in the journal Physical Review E .
The beetle is an inch - long weevil named Lamprocyphus augustus .
The discovery of its scales ’ crystal structure represents the first time scientists have been able to work with a material with the ideal or “ champion ” architecture for a photonic crystal .
“ Nature uses very simple strategies to design structures to manipulate light – structures that are beyond the reach of our current abilities , ” Galusha says .
Bartl and Galusha now are trying to design a synthetic version of the beetle ’s photonic crystals , using scale material as a mold to make the crystals from a transparent semiconductor .
The scales ca n’t be used in technological devices because they are made of fingernail - like chitin , which is not stable enough for long - term use , is not semiconducting and does n’t bend light adequately .
The University of Utah chemists conducted the study with coauthors Lauren Richey , a former Springville High School student now attending Brigham Young University ; BYU biology Professor John Gardner ; and Jennifer Cha , of IBM ’s Almaden Research Center in San Jose , Calif .
Researchers are seeking photonic crystals as they aim to develop optical computers that run on light ( photons ) instead of electricity ( electrons ) .
Right now , light in near - infrared and visible wavelengths can carry data and communications through fiberoptic cables , but the data must be converted from light back to electricity before being processed in a computer .
The goal – still years away – is an ultrahigh - speed computer with optical integrated circuits or chips that run on light instead of electricity .
“ You would be able to solve certain problems that we are not able to solve now , ” Bartl says .
“ For certain problems , an optical computer could do in seconds what regular computers need years for . ”
Researchers also are seeking ideal photonic crystals to amplify light and thus make solar cells more efficient , to capture light that would catalyze chemical reactions , and to generate tiny laser beams that would serve as light sources on optical chips .
“ Photonic crystals are a new type of optical materials that manipulate light in non-classic ways , ” Bartl says .
Some colors of light can pass through a photonic crystal at various speeds , while other wavelengths are reflected as the crystal acts like a mirror .
Bartl says there are many proposals for how light could be manipulated and controlled in new ways by photonic crystals , “ however we still lack the proper materials that would allow us to create ideal photonic crystals to manipulate visible light .
A material like this does n’t exist artificially or synthetically . ”
The ideal photonic crystal – dubbed the “ champion ” crystal – was described by scientists elsewhere in 1990 .
They showed that the optimal photonic crystal – one that could manipulate light most efficiently – would have the same crystal structure as the lattice of carbon atoms in diamond .
Diamonds cannot be used as photonic crystals because their atoms are packed too tightly together to manipulate visible light .
When made from an appropriate material , a diamond - like structure would create a large “ photonic bandgap , ” meaning the crystalline structure prevents the propagation of light of a certain range of wavelengths .
Materials with such bandgaps are necessary if researchers are to engineer optical circuits that can manipulate visible light .
The new study has its roots in Richey ’s science fair project on iridescence in biology when she was a student at Utah ’s Springville High School .
Gardner ’s group at BYU was helping her at the same time Galusha was using an electron microscope there and learned of Richey ’s project .
Richey wanted to examine an iridescent beetle , but lacked a complete specimen .
So the researchers ordered Brazil ’s Lamprocyphus augustus from a Belgian insect dealer .
The beetle ’s shiny , sparkling green color is produced by the crystal structure of its scales , not by any pigment , Bartl says .
The scales are made of chitin , which forms the external skeleton , or exoskeleton , of most insects and is similar to fingernail material .
The scales are affixed to the beetle ’s exoskeleton .
Each measures 200 microns ( millionths of a meter ) long by 100 microns wide .
A human hair is about 100 microns thick .
Green light – which has a wavelength of about 500 to 550 nanometers , or billionths of a meter – cannot penetrate the scales ’ crystal structure , which acts like mirrors to reflect the green light , making the beetle appear iridescent green .
Bartl says the beetle was interesting because it was iridescent regardless of the angle from which it was viewed – unlike most iridescent objects – and because a preliminary electron microscope examination showed its scales did not have the structure typical of artificial photonic crystals .
“ The color and structure looked interesting , ” Bartl says .
“ The question was : What was the exact three - dimensional structure that produces these unique optical properties " ”
The Utah team ’s study is the first to show that “ just as atoms are arranged in diamond crystals , so is the chitin structure of beetle scales , ” he says .
Galusha determined the 3 - D structure of the scales using a scanning electron microscope .
He cut a cross section of a scale , and then took an electron microscope image of it .
Then he used a focused ion beam – sort of a tiny sandblaster that shoots a beam of gallium ions – to shave off the exposed end of the scale , and then took another image , doing so repeatedly until he had images of 150 cross-sections from the same scale .
Then the researchers “ stacked ” the images together in a computer , and determined the crystal structure of the scale material : a diamond - like or “ champion ” architecture , but with building blocks of chitin and air instead of the carbon atoms in diamond .
Next , Galusha and Bartl used optical studies and theory to predict optical properties of the scales ’ structure .
The prediction matched reality : green iridescence .
Many iridescent objects appear that way only when viewed at certain angles , but the beetle remains iridescent from any angle .
Bartl says the way the beetle does that is an “ ingenious engineering strategy ” that approximates a technology for controlling the propagation of visible light .
A single beetl
A weekly comic strip , covering politics , pop culture , and the absurd .
More Smears , Gaffes , and Laffs with Barack Obama
According to an email your grandma keeps forwarding , the following smears and gaffes will soon plague the Obama campaign .
He like the new " Indiana Jones " movie .
" The CGI prairie dogs were cute ! "
He still wears pleats .
" Those are n't pants I can believe in . "
He puts mayonnaise on his fries like some kind of Dutchman .
He cheated at Pong in 1979 .
Similar to John McCain 's computer illiteracy , he 's terrified of iPhones .
" Get that electro - thingamajig away from me !
He 's a muslim Jew for Jesus .
He accidentally made a campaign stop in Canada .
" Hello Calgary ! "
Should Thinner People Fly Cheaper ?
A story on Yahoo news mentions that the Philadelphia newspapers are running advertisements for a fake airline , Derrie - Air ( get it ? ) .
The airline advertises that it is carbon - neutral , and that it charges per passenger pound — $ 1.40 from Philadelphia to Chicago , $ 2.25 from Philadelphia to Los Angeles .
While quite mythical , this pricing structure is not unreasonable : the heavier people cost more to ship ; and at a time when fuel prices are so high , this seems especially important and a good way of letting price reflect marginal cost .
Also , heavier people spill over onto their neighbors ’ seats , generating negative externalities for the other passengers .
So I hope a few real - world airlines take notes and think about charging heavier passengers extra .
Carly Fiorina is one of John McCain ’s chief surrogates , particularly with that key group , women .
But Fiorina , ousted as chief of Hewlett - Packard in 2005 , is not above rounding the edges on straight talk .
On Monday , as she discussed healthcare , she veered from a discussion of Viagra -- never a good idea for a campaign surrogate -- and seemed to stake out a new stance for McCain .
“ Let me give you a real , live example , which I ’ve been hearing a lot about from women .
There are many health insurance plans that will cover Viagra but wo n’t cover birth control medication .
Those women would like a choice , ” she said .
But as the abortion rights group NARAL Pro-Choice America pointed out , McCain twice voted against measures that would have required insurers to cover birth control .
Advertisement
McCain said Wednesday that he did not recall those votes .
“ It ’s something that I had not thought much about , ” he added .
An aide who refused to speak by name said the senator opposed all mandates .
It is not the first time Fiorina has taken some license with McCain ’s positions .
Recently , Newsweek magazine reported , she told women in Ohio that McCain had “ never signed on to efforts to overturn Roe vs. Wade , ” the landmark Supreme Court abortion decision .
Actually , according to his campaign website : “ John McCain believes Roe v.
Wade is a flawed decision that must be overturned , and as president he will nominate judges who understand that courts should not be in the business of legislating from the bench . ”
The distinctions are important : Democratic strategists worry that McCain ’s reputation as a maverick will mask his conservative views .
Advertisement
A survey conducted for NARAL confirmed that and suggested that Barack Obama gained when women learned of McCain ’s positions .
--
cathleen.decker@latimes.com
In Portland last week I visited with Ward Cunningham , whose pragmatic and humane approach to the art of software informs everything he touches : the Wiki , object - oriented , agile , and test - driven programming , the framework for integrated test .
( InfoWorld stuff about Ward here , here , and here . )
Ward ’s living the startup life these days , at aboutus.org , which describes itself as a “ socially editable directory of the internet . ”
Think WHOIS morphed into a Wikipedia where you are not only permitted , but actively encouraged , to write the biography of your company or community .
But that ’s not what we mostly talked about .
Instead Ward took me behind the scenes at the portal for the Eclipse Foundation .
Only members can participate in the workflows accessible through this portal : electing new committers , scheduling project reviews .
But it turns out that anybody can explore the portal use cases .
Here ’s a simple one : Change Personal Address .
This is the part of the system that runs when a member changes facts about his or her address .
You can see a test script that exercises this part of the system .
You can even run the test script and inspect the results .
Try that , and you ’ll see that the output interleaves lines of script with renderings of what the users sees : screenshots , emails .
Finally you can swim the test .
Here the steps and results are laid out in a table .
Time advances as you move down the rows , and there ’s a column for every actor in the workflow .
When you hover over an action step or a notification , the corresponding screenshot or email message pops up .
This is a great way to visualize a complex email - mediated workflow that can involve many actors , and unfold over many days .
But here ’s the kicker : the visualization is also available to users , directly from the interface .
Here ’s the screen that you see when you ’re changing your address :
Next to the Save button there ’s an Explore link .
If you click it , you ’ll discover the same swim visualization that anyone , anytime , can explore here .
Note the variations , most interestingly the one for the case where the person is a committer , and where the address change either does or does not coincide with a change of employer .
If you did change employer , you ’re going to get this email informing you that additional paperwork is required :
This is n’t just an innovative approach to software testing and workflow visualization .
It ’s also a radical statement about business process transparency .
For most of us , most of the time , business systems are black boxes whose internal workings we can only discern in the outcomes of our ( often painful ) interactions with them .
But what if you could find out , before pressing the Save button , what ’s going on in that black box ?
And what if your way of finding out was n’t by reading bogus documentation , but instead by probing the system itself using its own test framework ?
It ’s a huge idea .
In a blog about this project , Ward writes :
The MyFoundation portal , once again , respects the curiosity and intellect of its users by exposing all aspects of the processes it supports .
Who asked for this ?
No one .
No one thought to .
That does n’t mean it is n’t needed .
Brian Marick calls this Visible Workings .
He identifies a middle ground , between the traditional GUI presentation and the raw source code that produces it .
This middle ground makes the application both explanatory and tinkerable .
The portal ’s swim diagram is our middle ground .
We know it makes our work explanatory and look forward to investigating the tinkerable aspects too .
And elsewhere :
Online forms have too much in common with income tax forms .
Nobody likes filling out either one .
Each is a sea of fields , each field another question , one question after another .
It is like being interrogated .
Can we make filling out a form more like a conversation than an interrogation ?
The portal ’s explore links suggest a way toward this goal .
These links let you ask a question every now and then .
You get to ask , “ why do you ask ? ”
Would n’t it be great if you could always do that ?
Amen , brother .
2 Bay Area examples of Lehman 's lending Bay Area households barely earned enough to pay just the mortgage
John Pitts smiled after reviewing the paperwork for his modified home loan in Oakland , Calif. on Wednesday , Dec. 19 , 2007 .
His lending bank agreed to modify the terms of the loan on his home of two years and convert it to a fixed - rate .
less John Pitts smiled after reviewing the paperwork for his modified home loan in Oakland , Calif. on Wednesday , Dec. 19 , 2007 .
His lending bank agreed to modify the terms of the loan on his home of two years and ... more Photo : Paul Chinn , The Chronicle Photo : Paul Chinn , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close 2 Bay Area examples of Lehman 's lending 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
In the wake of the Lehman Bros. implosion , it 's eye - opening to look back at two specific mortgages the venerable Wall Street institution underwrote in the Bay Area .
A year ago , as The Chronicle began portraying the strange world of subprime and explaining why people suddenly were so worried about foreclosures , it profiled four Bay Area families facing the loss of their homes , telling their personal stories and tracing the history of their loans .
All had subprime mortgages that were clearly unaffordable , with monthly payments that ate up almost their entire income , leaving next to nothing for food , gas or utilities .
All four households had arranged their loans through brokers acting as agents for mortgage - origination companies , and thus responsible for following the standards set by those companies .
It turned out that two of the four households had subprime mortgages originated through a company called BNC Mortgage in Irvine , Lehman 's subprime lending subsidiary .
The investment bank had owned a stake in BNC since 2000 and fully acquired it in 2004 .
A BNC representative said the company had a strict policy of not commenting on specific cases out of privacy concerns , he said .
Fair enough ; many firms have similar policies .
He provided a specific quote : " As a responsible lender , BNC Mortgage works hard to ensure that its loans meet our underwriting guidelines . "
BNC had looked at the two specific cases and was satisfied they had been underwritten to its guidelines , he said .
He enumerated the categories it had considered : loan - to - value ratio , income and how it was verified , payment shock compared with previous payments , and credit history .
That all sounded reasonable in the abstract .
But what about the specifics in these cases ?
One homeowner , Johnny Pitts , was a Muni bus driver who had bought an Oakland home for $ 429,950 in 2005 .
His mortgage payment , which had started at $ 2,880 , was about to reset to $ 3,730 a month - plus $ 750 more for taxes and insurance .
Home payments are supposed to be no more than 40 percent of income .
By that formula , the necessary income would have been $ 11,200 a month or $ 134,400 a year .
Was it reasonable to assume a bus driver was bringing home that kind of money ?
In fact , Pitts 's take - home pay was just $ 4,000 a month .
Loans both 100 percent
The other homeowners , Jeff and Vanessa Hahn of Fairfield , were on the hook for monthly payments of $ 5,000 - exactly the amount they earned together as a self - employed businessman and teacher .
As for loan to value , in both cases it was 100 percent - hardly a desirable ratio .
Pitts had a piggyback second loan ; together the two loans accounted for the full purchase price .
The Hahns had done a cash - out refinance for their home 's full assessed value of $ 570,000 in March 2007 , a few months before the article was written .
And the values themselves were questionable .
Within months , both homes were worth about $ 100,000 less than the loans - but based on that rapid rate of decline it seemed likely they had been worth less even when the mortgages were written .
Both borrowers had tarnished credit .
Presumably , that high risk was why they both received " low introductory rate " mortgages that started at just above 10 percent .
In both cases BNC sold the loans after origination .
Lehman was in fact the nation 's leading underwriter of subprime mortgage securities in 2006 , according to Inside Mortgage Finance .
But in Wall Street 's version of an appliance warranty , originators are required to buy back securitized mortgages that default within the first few months .
In fact , many of the subprime lenders that went belly up last year blamed their shaky financial situations on being forced to buy back toxic loans .
Because the Hahns never made a single mortgage payment , presumably BNC was liable for their $ 570,000 mortgage .
Loss tops $ 200,000
Public records show the house reverted to the loan servicer at a foreclosure auction in December 2007 and was sold in January for $ 375,000 .
That means the loss on that single mortgage was $ 195,000 plus carrying costs , real estate commission , back taxes and other fees - perhaps a quarter of a million dollars total .
Pitts , the other homeowner , convinced his mortgage servicer , Chase , to offer him a loan modification , freezing his interest rate at a somewhat - manageable level .
He was one of the lucky ones .
Although he 'll have to work more overtime to make the new payments , it appears he will keep his house .
Lehman shut down BNC in August 2007 , taking a $ 52 million charge and jettisoning 1,200 employees .
It was the first big Wall Street institution to exit subprime lending .
" Market conditions have necessitated a substantial reduction in resources and capacity in the subprime space , " Lehman said at the time .
The next month , news reports proclaimed Lehman 's third - quarter earnings as cheery news because the credit crunch had cost it " only " $ 700 million .
" The worst of this credit correction is behind us , " Lehman 's chief financial officer , Chris O'Meara , said in a conference call with analysts .
That triggered a flood of upbeat headlines , which now resonate with irony considering that Lehman would be bankrupt within a year : " Lehman profit is stronger than expected ; Wall St. relieved , " said the New York Times .
" For Lehman , a sigh of relief , " wrote BusinessWeek .
These two Bay Area mortgages were just two small drops in the bucket for Lehman .
But they provide a cautionary look at some of the ways in which relaxed lending standards helped bring a giant institution to its knees .
In any significant program , a great deal of code is spent on two activities that have very little intrinsic interest : I/O and error handling .
This makes them good targets for language design .
If a language can make these two areas easier , it can remove a significant part of the accidental complexity of programs .
Conversely , a language in which either is difficult is a language in which effort is wasted on uninteresting problems .
This is where Arc is good .
Many parts of it are hacky or just not there yet , but its I /O library is strikingly convenient .
There 's a lot there worth seeing and maybe stealing .
In particular :
The whole - file I / O routines , starting with readfile , are a great idea - usually what you want in a file is to read the whole thing .
There should be one ( file ? ) for reading the whole file as a string too .
( The point here is not that they read the whole file in one piece , but that they handle the opening and closing - all they need is the filename . )
, are a great idea - usually what you want in a file is to read the whole thing .
There should be one ( ? ) for reading the whole file as a string too .
infile and outfile are nice and simple .
Opening files for reading and writing are quite different operations , and there 's no reason to do both with the same function .
Getting rid of the mode argument also makes the functions easier to compose .
This can go further : the remaining binary , text and append arguments should be separate functions too .
and are nice and simple .
Opening files for reading and writing are quite different operations , and there 's no reason to do both with the same function .
Getting rid of the mode argument also makes the functions easier to compose .
This can go further : the remaining , and arguments should be separate functions too .
Using tostring is much simpler than having an optional stream argument to every output routine .
For instance , ( tostring ( prall thingies " We have " ) ( when ( no done ? ) ( pr " and more coming ! " ) ) ) .
Dynamic variables are a perfectly reasonable way to pass arguments , especially those like streams that tend to be used in dynamic scope - so why do n't I feel good about this ?
Are there any cases it handles badly ?
is much simpler than having an optional stream argument to every output routine .
For instance , .
Dynamic variables are a perfectly reasonable way to pass arguments , especially those like streams that tend to be used in dynamic scope - so why do n't I feel good about this ?
Are there any cases it handles badly ?
Printing several values separated by spaces is a common operation ( especially in throwaway programs ) but it needs a good name .
I like prs better than what I was using ( prv , for " print values " ) although it might conflict with other functions like " print to stream " .
better than what I was using ( , for " print values " ) although it might conflict with other functions like " print to stream " .
prall is another function I often want , although it feels unwieldy to me , possibly because the second argument is printed before the first .
The prefix argument also seems out of place .
is another function I often want , although it feels unwieldy to me , possibly because the second argument is printed before the first .
The prefix argument also seems out of place .
prf is ( format t ... ) , plus it does string interpolation in case you prefer that .
Where 's the non-printing format ( well , probably fmt in Arc ) ?
This is definitely common enough to deserve a function , not just ( tostring ( prf ... ) ) .
is , plus it does string interpolation in case you prefer that .
Where 's the non-printing ( well , probably in Arc ) ?
This is definitely common enough to deserve a function , not just .
There are some other perlesque string operations - tokens and such .
You can never have enough of these ( even in Perl ) .
and such .
You can never have enough of these ( even in Perl ) .
I 'm not sure if w / bars is useful ( for what , debugging ? ) but it's an interesting kind of output wrapper - it captures write operations , not characters .
How about a similar wrapper that indents every line ?
is useful ( for what , debugging ? ) but it's an interesting kind of output wrapper - it captures write operations , not characters .
How about a similar wrapper that indents every line ?
It 's not an I/ O routine , but ellipsize handles a common problem ( truncating long strings and adding an ellipsis ) that would often go unhandled without it .
I/ O is really a subset of a more general category , glue , which probably accounts for more complexity than everything else put together .
And it's all accidental complexity , so it should be a target for libraries .
Unfortunately I do n't think there are any general ways to reduce it , because there are so many different transformations that have to be done .
But simplifying I/O addresses the most common kind of glue .
Remarkably , considering its age and importance , this area is not solved .
There are still considerable improvements to be found , and Arc is finding some of them .
I wish I could find similar improvements in error handling .
Protesters denied access to attorneys , forced to march in leg shackles , ACLU charges John Byrne
Published : Thursday August 28 , 2008
Print This Email This
The ACLU issued a stinging rebuke to the Denver Police Department Wednesday , alleging that the department may have violated laws and constitutional rights of protesters arrested outside the Democratic National Convention .
In the letter , obtained by RAW STORY , the ACLU revealed that the police refused those arrested access to attorneys .
Police did not let detainees use phones unless they posted their own bonds , and even failed to provide shoes , in one case marching a protester into court in bare feet and leg shackles , according the ACLU .
What 's more , police are said to have tricked protesters into pleading guilty , by giving them the impression they had to plead guilty in order to post bond .
This meant that no one was allowed to make a phone call unless they plead guilty , thus making it impossible for arrestees to even call a lawyer until admitting guilt .
Most ominously , the ACLU letter claims that protesters were told they would be " facing ' years ' in jail for a conviction of a single particular charge . "
" In fact , all the charges were municipal court violations that do not carry such penalties , " the ACLU added in a footnote .
Charges for arrestees were issued on pre-printed forms , where police were told to " cross out " charges that they were not facing .
In many cases , police failed to cross out inappropriate charges , and so the detainee would be charged with " begging , loitering and throwing stones and missiles , " the ACLU said .
Nor were protesters even given the chance to back down before they were arrested .
" It is not clear whether any order to disperse was given .
No Legal Observer [ sic ] , witness or arrestee on the scene we 've debriefed heard any order to disperse , " wrote Taylor Pendergrass , a staff attorney for the ACLU of Colorado .
" Numerous persons , including Legal Observers , asked to be able to leave the blockaded area and were refused . "
" After the arrests , attorneys from the People 's Law Project and the ACLU arrived at the [ Temporary Arrestee Processing Site to conduct confidential attorney - client consultations , " Pendergrass continued .
" The City refused to provide any access to allow these persons to meet with attorneys . "
Perhaps the most outrageous charge , however , is that one protester was forced to march barefoot into court in leg shackles .
" Arrestees were kept barefoot at [ the detention center ] , " Pendergrass wrote .
" I personally saw one such arrestee later at the City and County Building .
I saw her marched from the elevator to the courtroom in bare feet and leg shackles .
I saw her appear in bare feet and leg shackles . "
" Some arrestees who could not make their own bond spent 6 , 7 , 8 , or more hours waiting at TAPS before being transferred to court , " he added .
Pendergrass also elaborates on the detainees being kept from being able to talk to a lawyer .
The only opportunity lawyers had to speak with those arrested was in front of the jury gallery or in open court in front of the judge .
" The only access we were given to those clients was to whisper , " he wrote .
Among the seemingly more minor complaints , Pendergrass also notes that many detainees were n't able to eat because they were vegetarian or vegan and the city mostly provided meat - based food .
In addition , he said that the city was well aware that the ACLU and other groups had arranged for attorneys to be present .
" Attorneys were at the court from 11 pm on the night of Aug. 25 , 2008 and were staying until each and every arrestee came to the City and County Building . "
In conclusion , the ACLU demands the City permit attorney access at the detention facility ; provide blankets , shoes and slippers ; allow phone calls immediately upon entering the facility ; permit detainees to use restrooms individually and privately ; and permit confidential attorney - client consultations in the City and County Building .
Last week , New York City agreed to pay $ 2 million to settle a lawsuit claiming 52 Iraq war activists were unjustly arrested .
The activists were arrested in April 2003 outside the Manhattan offices of a military contractor , the Carlyle Group .
Lawyers for the activists charged that the tactics used by police at the demonstration were similar to those used a year later when hundreds of activists were arrested during the 2004 Republican National Convention at Madison Square Garden .
The city of New York and police department faced backlash after the convention , with critics claiming the aggressive response showed a blatant disregard for the demonstrators ' civil rights .
PDF OF FULL ACLU LETTER CAN BE READ AT THIS LINK
( with wire reports )
Now comes the fall culture - war offensive , catching the Democrats by surprise as it always does and spreading panic and desperation among their ranks .
As the depth of the Republican breakthrough becomes apparent to Democrats , they launch the same feeble counterattacks that failed them last time , prudishly correcting misleading GOP advertisements and crying for the recess monitor when the other side plays dirty .
And none of this works .
Things ...
Guest blogged by Jon Ponder , Pensito Review .
MCCAIN : Could I --- are we going to get back to the importance of Supreme Court Justices or should I mention --
The McCain campaign is fighting hard against charges that McCain cheated on the rules of debate at a rightwing evangelical forum in a California megachurch over the weekend by cribbing the questions in advance .
They are so desperate , apparently , that a McCain operative even played the POW card , citing McCain 's imprisonment by the Vietnamese 40 years ago as evidence somehow that he did not cheat Saturday night .
Even " Pastor Rick " Warren , the multimillionaire evangelist who hosted the event --- and who clearly favored McCain in the questioning --- has admitted that despite his assertion to the audience that McCain was sequestered in a " cone of silence " during the live session with Obama , McCain was , in fact , in his car during much of Obama 's session , where he certainly could have listened to the interview .
And this exchange from the forum appears to indicate that McCain knew that Warren was going to ask him a very specific question about the Supreme Court .
Notice how McCain asks if he can go " back " to a question about the court :
MCCAIN : When we speak of the issue of the rights to the unborn , we need to talk about judges .
But , anyway , go ahead .
Could I --- are we going to get back to the importance of Supreme Court Justices or should I mention --
MCCAIN : A union --- a union between man and woman , between one man and one woman .
That 's my definition of marriage .
MCCAIN : At the moment of conception .
( APPLAUSE ) .
I have a 25 - year pro-life record in the Congress , in the Senate .
And as president of the United States , I will be a pro-life president .
And this presidency will have pro-life policies .
That 's my commitment .
That 's my commitment to you .
WARREN : Let 's deal with abortion .
I , as a pastor , have to deal with this all the time , every different angle , every different pain , all of the decisions and all of that .
Forty million abortions since Roe v. Wade .
Some people , people who believe that life begins at conception , believe that 's a holocaust for many people .
What point is a baby entitled to human rights ?
What 's suspicious here is that the topic of the Supreme Court had not come up in McCain 's interview , so it was not a topic to go " back " to .
On the other hand , Obama had been asked a question about the Supreme Court during his earlier session , which McCain supposedly had not heard :
OBAMA : That 's a good one .
That 's a good one .
I would not have nominated Clarence Thomas .
[ applause ]
I do n't think that he --- I do n't think that he was as strong enough jurist or legal thinker at the time for that elevation , setting aside the fact that I profoundly disagree with his interpretations of a lot of the Constitution .
I would not nominate Justice Scalia , although I do n't think there 's any doubt about his intellectual brilliance , because he and I just disagree .
He taught at the University of Chicago , as did I in the law school .
WARREN : OK .
The courts .
Let me ask it this way .
Which existing Supreme Court justice would you not have nominated ?
Here is the CNN transcript of the entire McCain Q&A up through a question about when life begins :
WARREN : Welcome back to the " Saddleback Civil Forum on the Presidency . "
And welcome , Senator John McCain .
MCCAIN : Thank you .
Good to be here .
WARREN : My first question , was the cone of silence comfortable you were in just now ?
MCCAIN : I was trying to hear through the wall .
WARREN : This first set of questions deals with leadership and the personal life of leadership .
The first question , who are the three wisest people that you know that you would rely on heavily in an administration ?
MCCAIN : First one , I think , would be General David Petraeus , one of the great military leaders in American history , who took us from defeat to victory in Iraq , one of the great leaders .
Fourth of July a year ago , Senator Lindsay Graham and I were in Baghdad .
Six hundred and eighty - eight brave young Americans , whose enlistment had expired , swore in reenlistment to stay and fight for freedom .
Only someone like General David Petraeus could motivate someone like that .
I think John Lewis .
John Lewis was at the Edmund Pettis Bridge , had his skull fractured , continued to serve , continues to have the most optimistic outlook about America .
He can teach us all a lot about the meaning of courage and commitment to causes greater than our self - interest .
Meg Whitman , Meg Whitman , the CEO of eBay .
Meg Whitman , 12 years ago , there were five employees .
Today , they 're 1.5 million people that make a living off eBay in America , in the world .
It 's one of these great American success stories .
And in these economic challenges times , we need to call on the wisdom and knowledge , the background of people like Meg Whitman , who have been able to make such a great success such as eBay part as the American folklore .
WARREN : OK , let me ask you this .
This is a character question .
MCCAIN : I hope they get easier .
WARREN : Well , this one is n't any easier .
We 've had a lot of leaders , because of their weaknesses , character flaws , stumble , become ineffective , are not even serving anymore , serving our country .
What 's been your greatest moral failure , and what has been the great --- what do you think is the greatest moral failure of America ?
MCCAIN : They do n't get any easier .
WARREN : No , they do n't get any easier .
MCCAIN : My greatest moral failing --- and I have been a very imperfect person --- is the failure of my first marriage .
It 's my greatest moral failure .
I think America 's greatest moral failure has been .
Throughout our existence , perhaps we have not devoted ourselves to causes greater than our self - interest , although we 've been at the best at it of everybody in the world .
I think after 9/11 , my friends , instead of telling people to go shopping or take a trip , we should have told Americans to join the Peace Corps , AmeriCorps , the military , expand our volunteers , expand what you 're doing --- ( APPLAUSE ) --- expand what you 're doing , expand the current missions that you are doing , that you are carrying out here in America and throughout the world , in Rwanda .
And I hope we have a chance to talk about that later on .
And you know --- a little pandering here .
The first words of your very successful book is " this is not about you . "
You know what that also means ?
Serve a cause greater than your self - interest .
WARREN : John , you know that a lot of good legislation dies because of partisan politics , and party loyalty keeps people from really getting forward on putting America 's best first .
Can you give me an example of where you led against your party 's interests --- oh , this is hard --- ( LAUGHTER ) --- and really , maybe against your own best interests for the good of America ?
MCCAIN : You know , by a strange coincidence --- ( LAUGHTER ) ---
I was not elected Miss Congeniality again in the United States Senate .
I do n't know why .
I do n't know why .
I do n't know why .
Climate change , out of control spending , torture , the list goes on , on a large number of issues that I have put my country first and I 've reached across the aisle .
but I 'd probably have to say that one of the times that probably was one of the most trying was , when I was first a member of Congress , and I 'm a new freshman in the House of Representatives and very loyal and dedicated to President Reagan , whom I still think is one of the great , great presidents in American history --- ( APPLAUSE ) --- who won the cold war without firing a shot , in the words of Margaret Thatcher .
He wanted to send troops to Beirut for a peacekeeping mission .
My knowledge and my background told me that a few hundred Marines in a situation like that could not successfully carry out any kind of peacekeeping mission .
And I thought they were going into harm 's way .
Tragically , as many of you recall , there was a bombing in the Marine barracks and well over 100 brave Marines gave their lives .
But it was tough , that vote , because I went against the president I believed in , and the party that believed that maybe I was disloyal very early in my political career .
WARREN : There 's a verse in the Bible that says intelligent people look for ideas , in fact , they search for them .
What is the most significant position that you 've held , 10 years ago , that you know longer hold today .
I think the point I 'm trying to make is that leaders are not stubborn .
They do change their mind with additional information .
So give me a good example of something , 10 years ago , you said that 's the way I feel about and now , 10 years later , I changed my position .
That 's not flip - flopping .
It 's just sometimes growing in wisdom .
MCCAIN : Offshore drilling , we 've got to drill now and got to drill here and we 've got to be ( inaudible ) .
( APPLAUSE ) .
And I know that there 's some here in California that disagree --- ( LAUGHTER ) --- that disagree with that position .
Could I also mention very seriously about this issue .
My friends , you know that this is a national security issue .
We 're sending $ 700 billion a year to countries that do n't like us very much , that some of that money is ending up in the hands of terrorist organizations .
We cannot allow this greatest transfer of wealth in history and our national security continuing to be threatened .
( APPLAUSE ) .
And Rick , I know we 've got a lot of issues to cover but let me say it .
At the town hall meetings that I have every day , that 's the issue on people 's mind is energy .
If I could take one , 30 seconds .
One , we 've got to do everything .
We 've got to do wind , tide , solar , natural gas , hydrogen cars , hybrid cars , electric cars .
And we have to have nuclear power in order to reduce greenhouse gas emissions , and save on our energy costs .
By the way , in case you had n't noticed it , the French , 80 percent .
We love to imitate the French .
80 percent of their electricity is generated by nuclear power .
If they can do it and reprocess , we can , too , my friends .
And by the way , if you had n't noticed , we now have a pro-American president of France , which shows if you live long enough , anything can happen in America .
( LAUGHTER ) .
WARREN : Well , you just took the --- I had that question later on but now we do n't have to ask it .
What 's the most gut - wrenching decision you 've ever had to make ?
And what was the process that you used to make it ?
MCCAIN : It was long ago , and far away , in a prison camp in North Vietnam .
My father was a high - ranking admiral .
The Vietnamese came and said that I could leave prison early .
And we had a code of conduct .
It said you only leave by order of capture .
I also had a dear and beloved friend , who was from California , named Ebb Alvarez , who had been shot down before me .
But I was n't in good physical shape .
In fact , I was in rather bad physical shape .
So I said no .
Now , in interest of full disclosure , I 'm happy I did n't know the war was going to last for another three years or so .
But I said no , and I 'll never forget sitting in my last answer , and the high - ranking officer offered it , slammed the door and the interrogator said , " Go back to your cell .
It 's going to be very tough on you now . "
And it was .
But not only the toughest decision I ever made , but I am most happy about that decision , than any decision I 've ever made in my life .
( APPLAUSE ) .
WARREN : Great , great .
MCCAIN : Could I finally say , it took a lot of prayer ?
It took a lot of prayer .
WARREN : Great .
We 'll be right back with John McCain .
( COMMERCIAL BREAK )
WARREN : Welcome back .
Welcome back .
And we 're here with Senator John McCain .
Now , John , in this next section we 're going to talk about world view .
And I actually invited a couple hundred thousand people of my personal friends to send me their questions .
And these are heartland questions that came in from all over America .
No matter how you answer them , somebody 's not going to like them , because we have many world views , obviously , in America .
But let 's walk through these minefields together .
First , you 've made no doubt about the fact that you are a Christian .
You publicly say you 're a follower of Christ .
What does that mean to you and how does faith work out in your life on a daily basis ?
What does it mean to you ?
MCCAIN : It means I 'm saved and forgiven .
We 're talking about the world .
Our faith encompasses not just the United States of America but the world .
Can I tell you another story real quick ?
WARREN : Sure .
( LAUGHTER )
MCCAIN : The Vietnamese kept us in prison in conditions of solitary confinement , or two or three to a cell .
They did that because they knew they could break down our resistance .
One of the techniques that they used to get information was to take ropes and tie them around your biceps , loop the rope around your head and pull it down beneath your knees and leave you in that position .
You can imagine it 's very uncomfortable .
One night , I was being punished in that fashion .
All of sudden the door of the cell opened and the guard came in .
The guy who was just --- what we call the gun guard --- just walked around the camp with the gun on his shoulder .
He went like this and loosened the ropes .
He came back about four hours later and tightened them up again and left .
The following Christmas , because it was Christmas day , we were allowed to stand outside of our cell for a few minutes .
In those days we were not allowed to see or communicate with each other , although we certainly did .
And I was standing outside , for my few minutes outside at my cell .
He came walking up .
He stood there for a minute , and with his sandal on the dirt in the courtyard , he drew a cross and he stood there .
And a minute later , he rubbed it out , and walked away .
For a minute there , there was just two Christians worshipping together .
I 'll never forget that moment .
( APPLAUSE ) .
So every day .
WARREN : Let 's go into the tough ones .
That was just a gimme .
MCCAIN : All right .
WARREN : Let 's deal with abortion .
I , as a pastor , have to deal with this all the time , every different angle , every different pain , all of the decisions and all of that .
Forty million abortions since Roe v. Wade .
Some people , people who believe that life begins at conception , believe that 's a holocaust for many people .
What point is a baby entitled to human rights ?
MCCAIN : At the moment of conception .
( APPLAUSE ) .
I have a 25 - year pro-life record in the Congress , in the Senate .
And as president of the United States , I will be a pro-life president .
And this presidency will have pro-life policies .
That 's my commitment .
That 's my commitment to you .
WARREN : OK , we do n't have to beleaguer on that one .
Define marriage .
MCCAIN : A union --- a union between man and woman , between one man and one woman .
That 's my definition of marriage .
Could I --- are we going to get back to the importance of Supreme Court Justices or should I mention --
WARREN : We will get to that .
MCCAIN : OK .
All right .
OK .
WARREN : You 're jumping ahead ...
( CROSSTALK )
MCCAIN : When we speak of the issue of the rights to the unborn , we need to talk about judges .
But , anyway , go ahead .
Blog Archive September ( 14 ) August ( 17 ) July ( 18 ) June ( 12 ) May ( 18 ) April ( 15 ) March ( 17 ) February ( 15 ) January ( 15 ) December ( 16 ) November ( 12 ) October ( 11 ) September ( 11 ) August ( 13 ) July ( 19 ) June ( 28 ) May ( 19 ) April ( 20 ) March ( 21 ) February ( 17 ) January ( 26 ) December ( 29 ) November ( 27 ) October ( 24 ) September ( 23 ) August ( 21 ) July ( 29 ) June ( 30 ) May ( 27 ) April ( 21 ) March ( 24 ) February ( 19 ) January ( 21 ) December ( 23 ) November ( 21 ) October ( 21 ) September ( 14 ) August ( 15 ) July ( 10 ) June ( 16 ) May ( 18 ) April ( 17 ) March ( 17 ) February ( 14 ) January ( 17 ) December ( 29 ) November ( 20 ) October ( 21 ) September ( 14 ) August ( 18 ) July ( 16 ) June ( 25 ) May ( 21 ) April ( 24 ) March ( 21 ) February ( 16 ) January ( 20 ) December ( 20 ) November ( 16 ) October ( 11 ) September ( 21 ) August ( 18 ) July ( 15 ) June ( 23 ) May ( 30 ) April ( 22 ) March ( 18 ) February ( 15 ) January ( 22 ) December ( 27 ) November ( 17 ) October ( 17 ) September ( 14 ) August ( 18 ) July ( 22 ) June ( 19 ) May ( 10 ) April ( 15 ) March ( 17 ) February ( 12 ) January ( 15 ) December ( 23 ) November ( 16 ) October ( 19 ) September ( 18 ) August ( 21 ) July ( 24 ) June ( 19 ) May ( 24 ) April ( 20 ) March ( 15 ) February ( 13 ) January ( 17 ) December ( 24 ) November ( 25 ) October ( 20 ) September ( 22 ) August ( 28 ) July ( 9 ) June ( 19 ) May ( 12 ) April ( 22 ) March ( 10 ) February ( 15 ) January ( 19 ) December ( 16 ) November ( 13 ) October ( 11 ) September ( 6 ) August ( 14 ) July ( 22 ) June ( 14 ) May ( 12 ) April ( 12 ) March ( 16 ) February ( 7 ) January ( 9 ) December ( 15 ) November ( 8 ) October ( 7 ) September ( 10 ) August ( 12 ) July ( 21 ) June ( 17 ) May ( 12 ) April ( 12 ) March ( 12 ) February ( 15 ) January ( 11 ) December ( 18 ) November ( 12 ) October ( 12 ) September ( 7 ) August ( 10 ) July ( 11 ) June ( 15 ) May ( 13 ) April ( 6 ) March ( 15 ) February ( 4 ) January ( 8 ) December ( 13 ) November ( 11 ) October ( 5 ) September ( 4 ) August ( 9 ) July ( 8 ) June ( 6 ) May ( 4 ) April ( 2 ) March ( 9 ) February ( 6 ) January ( 7 ) December ( 5 ) November ( 7 ) October ( 7 ) September ( 8 ) August ( 4 ) July ( 10 ) June ( 3 ) May ( 5 ) April ( 9 ) March ( 5 ) February ( 4 ) January ( 5 ) December ( 4 ) November ( 1 ) October ( 1 ) August ( 4 ) July ( 3 ) May ( 2 ) January ( 1 ) December ( 2 ) November ( 1 ) August ( 3 ) May ( 1 ) February ( 1 )
Stung by the recent passage of legislation to expand government surveillance powers , two prominent liberal bloggers are teaming up with right - leaning libertarians on a new political action committee to combat perceived threats to civil liberties .
Trevor Lyman , who worked on behalf of the presidential campaign of Representative Ron Paul , spearheaded Mr. Paul ’s “ money bombs ” in which thousands of supporters made nearly simultaneous online donations .
After those efforts on behalf of Mr. Paul resulted in record fund - raising drives , he is now offering his company ’s services to the “ Strangebedfellows ” – named for the left - right coalition – and their effort to raise money for the new AccountabilityNowPAC .
“ We want Democrats in Congress to perceive that there ’s a price to pay when they betray the values of their supporters on these issues , ” said Glenn Greenwald , host of a liberal blog on Salon.com .
Organizers are hoping Friday ’s money bomb will bring in $ 1 million to add to the approximately $ 350,000 the group collected to oppose the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , which it used to placed ads attacking three Democrats who supported the surveillance legislation : Steny Hoyer of Maryland , the House majority leader , as well as Representatives Chris Carney of Pennsylvania and John Barrow of Georgia .
AccountabilityNow , which aims to play a political role from which groups like the American Civil Liberties Union are barred , plans to buy print ads with the new funds criticizing Mr. Hoyer and Representative Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , a Miami- area Republican , for co-sponsoring a measure endorsing a naval blockade of Iran , and they also plan to buy space to call for Congress to look into the F.B.I. ’s handling of the anthrax investigation .
By 2010 , AccountabilityNow hopes to field primary candidates that support its civil libertarian , anti-war positions .
“ We think politicians are vulnerable on these issues even though it does n’t make it into our mainstream discourse , ” Mr. Greenwald said .
Although the Strangebedfellows cast themselves as a left - right coalition — the Libertarian candidate Bob Barr endorsed the effort , Mr. Greenwald and Jane Hamsher of FireDogLake ( among the blogs most instrumental in Ned Lamont ’s victory over Senator Joseph I. Lieberman in Connecticut ’s Democratic primary in 2006 ) call the shots .
Mr. Lyman ’s firm , Basic Media , Inc. , will receive compensation for helping with the fund - raiser .
Furthermore , Mr. Lyman said , right - leaning supporters who gave generously to Mr. Paul are “ experiencing some serious donor fatigue . ”
A recent money bomb for 25 down - ballot candidates allied with Mr. Paul yielded disappointing figures .
“ The anger on the left is much more fresh , ” said Rick Williams , co-founder of Basic Media , adding that the Libertarian right feels it has been “ sold out by the Republican establishment for years , ” while liberals are only more recently frustrated by the new majority .
Mr. Greenwald said his group would stay out of the presidential race , even though Senator Barack Obama faced criticism from the netroots for supporting the FISA bill .
“ Democrats will be very wary of anything that jeopardizes the White House , ” said Mr. Greenwald .
“ Democrats are going to control both houses of Congress inevitably , and the only question is not who ’s going to control the Congress , but what are they going to do with that control . ”
A thought .
The stainless steel jump rings seem like they could add up to an substantial total given the quantity you need ( four per disk ) .
Fishing and support ing goods stores ( e. g. Bass Pro Shops , Gander Mountain , Sports Authority , Dick's etc. ) have small " split rings " ( like those used for keys ) which are used for fishing tackle .
They usually sell in paks of 5 or 10 for a little more than what one jump ring seems to cost .
If true stainless steel is not available , some fishing ones are labeled as " English stainless " which is actually some kind of plating on either steel or brass , but seems to resist corrosion fairly well .
It seems like these would be easy to install as compared to having to bend open and then bend closed the split rings , as long as you buy relatively thin split rings .
If opening the split rings is difficult for you ( as for me , having lost some feeling in my finger tips as I get old and decrepit ) , you will find very near the split rings in the sporting goods store a tool called a " split ring pliers " ( for about $ 10 ) .
The pliers make opening them simple .
This is for people who love VIM and also for people who hate VIM .
Some of you may be wondering what VIM is .
Let me find the expansion , honestly I do n't know .
Here you go :
Vim was created as an extended version of the vi editor , with many additional features designed to be helpful in editing program source code .
Its full name is Vi IMproved .
- AND -
vi is a screen - oriented text editor written by Bill Joy in 1976 for an early BSD release .
The name vi is derived from the shortest unambiguous abbreviation for the command visual in ex , the command in question switches the line editor ex to visual mode .
That is with the origin ...
Ok , this is going to be a multipart series on various tips in using VIM Effectively .
- For VIM
Experts , there may be some insights .
- For Novices , this will make you like VIM .
The Effective Use of VIM Series ...
» » Effective Use of VIM - Part 1
» Effective Use of VIM - Part 2
» Effective Use of VIM - Part 3
» Effective Use of VIM - Part 4
» Effective Use of VIM - Part 5
== PART 1 ==
vim
alias vi=” vim ”
.bash_profile
.vimrc
~
.vimrc
Exiting VIM
Lot of you may not know how to exit VIM .
Here are some methods ...
[ When you type ESC , you will get to Normal mode .
The commands starting with : ( colon ) are given there . ]
: q - Exits VIM , if no changes yet to be saved .
: q! - Exits VIM , discarding unsaved changes .
ZZ ( Just hold SHIFT and press z twice ) - Save changes and Exit .
:wq - Save changes and Exit .
:x - Save changes if any and Exit .
CTRL + w , q ( While holding CTRL , press w and then q , while pressing q , CTRL is not a must ) - Exits VIM , if no changes yet to be saved .
Kill VIM !!!
( why would I need that ? )
Multiple Windows
VIM supports multiple windows inside the VIM window .
CTRL + w , s – Split Horizontally , reopen the same file in the new window .
CTRL + w , v – Split Vertically
CTRL + w , n – Opens a Blank Window
CTRL + w , c – Close active window
CTRL + w , o – Close all windows except the active one .
[ Closing window occurs only if there is no unsaved changes ]
Match Pairs - %
% is used to match paired characters .
If the cursor is at a starting brace , pressing % will take cursor to the matching closing brace , and vice versa .
This works for ( ) ( parantheses ) , /**/ ( block comments ) etc .
This is handy , can be used extensively with other commands like d ( cut ) , y ( copy ) etc .
If you need to delete an entire function block , place cursor at either one of the braces and d % will delete that full block .
Abbreviations
You can use abbreviations for the most commonly used commands snippets .
Define :
iab < key > < expansion >
< key > is the string which should be expanded to < expansion >
You can either add in .vimrc file or give while editing .
Use :
< key >< SPACE > will expand to < expansion >< SPACE >
You can also use < key >< CTRL + ]>
Eg. : iab # i #include
- replace # i with #include
( I dont know a way to disable expanding for a particular instance only , you will have to manually edit that . )
Lot of you may not know how to exit VIM .
Here are some methods ... [
When you type , you will get to Normal mode .
The commands starting with ( colon ) are given there . ]-
Exits VIM , if no changes yet to be saved .- Exits VIM , discarding unsaved changes .
( Just hold SHIFT and press z twice ) - Save changes and Exit. - Save changes and Exit . -
Save changes if any and Exit .
( While holding CTRL , press w and then q , while pressing q , CTRL is not a must ) - Exits VIM , if no changes yet to be saved .
Kill VIM !!!
( why would I need that ? )
VIM supports multiple windows inside the VIM window . –
Split Horizontally , reopen the same file in the new window . –
Split Vertically – Opens a Blank Window– Close active window– Close all windows except the active one . [
Closing window occurs only if there is no unsaved changes ] is used to match paired characters .
If the cursor is at a starting brace , pressing % will take cursor to the matching closing brace , and vice versa .
This works for ( ) ( parantheses ) , /**/ ( block comments ) etc .
This is handy , can be used extensively with other commands like d ( cut ) , y ( copy ) etc .
If you need to delete an entire function block , place cursor at either one of the braces andwill delete that full block .
You can use abbreviations for the most commonly used commands snippets .
Define : is the string which should be expanded to You can either add infile or give while editing .
Use : will expand to You can also useEg. : iab # i # include ( I dont know a way to disable expanding for a particular instance only , you will have to manually edit that . )
To be continued ...
Like it ?
Subscribe via RSS
You may have found out unique ways of doing things in VIM , pls share ...
See also ... » Adding File Banner to Multiple Files
» Replace Tab using Sed
» 10.1 Linux Commands I Can't Live Without
» Linux Commands I Hardly Knew - Reloaded
» Linux Commands I Hardly Knew
» Unlock a PC on Windiows XP ???
You can execute VIM by the command
It is better to use VIM than vi .
You can just define , and put it in your There isfile which stores all the options for VIM , it is in your home directory ( ) .
When VIM starts , it will get options from .
You can also set options while inside VIM , but they will be lost once you exit VIM .
I do n’t care that John McCain is extremely wealthy .
I do n’t care that he became wealthy by marrying into a wealthy family .
I do n’t care about his Armani clothes , his multiple luxurious homes , his wife ’s private jet , or his Black Centurion American Express card .
His enormous wealth is his business ( though it does strike me as more than a little offensive when an obscenely rich senator like McCain votes against an increase in the minimum wage , and argues that our economic problems are “ psychological , ” but that ’s just me ) .
So , when I saw this report in the Huffington Post about McCain ’s Italian leather loafers , which cost $ 520 a pair , my first instinct was to pay it no mind .
This summer John McCain is traveling in style .
He has worn a pair of $ 520 black leather Ferragamo shoes on every recent campaign stop — from a news conference with the Dalai Lama to a supermarket visit in Bethlehem , PA .
The Calfskin loafers , with silver - tone “ Gancini ” buckles , are imported from Italy .
In response to Barack Obama ’s foreign tour , McCain spent much of his energy last week emphasizing his focus on domestic issues .
What better way to show his American pride than to tour the country in Italian leather ?
The piece shows McCain wearing his extremely expensive Ferragamo shoes all the time .
And while I continue to think this is largely just candidate trivia , it is not without a certain political salience .
I was talking to a friend earlier who summarized the underlying theme of the Republican push against Barack Obama in four words : “ He ’s not like you . ”
That sounds about right .
And if so , I have a message for every American family who ca n’t imagine spending $ 520 for a pair of loafers : John McCain is n’t like you , either .
I think Chris Hayes gets this just right .
If I were a right - wing blogger , and I found out that Barack Obama was wearing Ferragamo loafers that cost $ 520 , I would spend about 50 % of my waking hours making sure everyone knew this .
I would mock him for being an out - of - touch elitist and make jokes like , “ If you think that ’s a lot , you should see how much his purse costs ” I would send the link to Drudge and wait for Instapundit to pick it up , and then watch gleefully as Fox News ran segments about how Barack Obama ’s $ 500 loafers vitiate his entire economic platform .
But of course , I ’m not a right - wing blogger .
And the $ 520 shoes belong to John McCain .
And frankly , I do n’t think how much his shoes cost matters one whit for how he ’d govern the country .
Put it this way — if Barack Obama paid $ 520 for a pair of Italian loafers , every voter in America would know about it .
Every media outlet would report it and every Republican would talk about it .
I ’m reminded , of course , of John Edwards ’ $ 400 haircuts .
Last year , that story was everywhere , with the Washington Post writing multiple articles about it .
“ How could Edwards relate to regular folks if he has that kind of lifestyle ? ” the media asked , over and over again .
Indeed , the media seems to go to great lengths to look for evidence to bolster the far - right meme that Obama is some kind of outsider .
From bowling to orange juice to arugula , reporters love to characterize Obama as something less than a “ real ” American .
Well , McCain has a half - dozen homes and spends on shoes what some families spend on rent .
All the while , he advocates more tax cuts for millionaires , opposes increases to the minimum wage , and tells Americans their economic problems are in their heads .
Which candidate is outside the American mainstream ?
( Recasts ; adds quote and closing prices )
MEXICO CITY , Aug 4 ( Reuters ) - Mexico ’s peso firmed to a six - year high on Monday as lower oil prices eased some economic fears and investors bet on higher local interest rates , while stocks sank to a six - month low .
The peso MXN=MEX01 gained 0.9 percent at the central bank 's final 1:30 p.m. ( 1830 GMT ) reference to 9.8745 per dollar , its strongest since late August 2002 .
The benchmark IPC stock index .MXX closed 1.75 percent lower at 26,487.76 as falling commodity prices hit Mexican miners and fears of further losses at banks knocked down stock markets around the world .
“ There is a lot of nervousness that banks will keep seeing their balance sheets deteriorate , ” said Mauricio Brocado , an analyst at Actinver brokerage .
However , the peso reacted to a sharp drop in oil prices CLc1 that tempered worries that high fuel costs could further crimp consumer spending in the United States , the destination for around 80 percent of Mexican exports .
“ Lower oil prices will reactivate the economy , especially the American economy , which in the end will be good for Mexico , ” said Francisco Diez , head of emerging markets trading at RBC in Toronto .
The peso last Friday broke past 10 pesos per dollar for the first time since late 2002 on expectations that Mexico ’s central bank will further tighten borrowing costs to battle a spike in inflation .
That would further widen the spread between benchmark U.S. and Mexican interest rates and make peso - denominated assets more attractive to investors .
Last month ’s second consecutive hike by Mexico ’s central bank of its key overnight rate to 8 percent pushed the spread to 6 percentage points , the widest since late 2005 .
The peso has gained 4.6 percent against the dollar since June when the central bank began to tighten borrowing costs and the currency is up more than 10 percent for the year .
In debt trading , the government 's benchmark 10 - year peso bond MX10YT=RR rose 0.534 of a point in price to bid 93.081 , pushing its yield down 9 basis points to 8.84 percent .
In stock trading , shares of America Movil AMXL .
MX , Latin America 's biggest cell phone operator , lost 1.61 percent to 24.40 pesos while its New York shares AMX.N fell 1.02 percent to $ 49.41 .
Shares of copper miner Grupo Mexico GMEXICOB .MX fell 5.68 percent to 15.95 pesos as futures prices for the metal plunged to a six - month low on fears of slowing global demand .
Miner Penoles PENOLES .MX shed 8.06 percent to 241.03 pesos .
( Reporting by Michael O'Boyle ; Editing by Leslie Adler )
Scientists funded by the Air Force have used quantum entanglement — in which pairs of particles continue to interact even after they are spatially separated — to snap this picture of a tin solider without aiming a camera directly at the object .
The technique , called “ ghost imaging , ” has potential military or space applications , such as using aerial drones to survey of battlefields obscured by clouds , or the smoke that follows airstrikes .
Yanhua
Shih , who has been experimenting with entangled photons since 1995 , says :
“ … [ T ] he image is not formed from light that hits the object and bounces back .
The camera collects photons from the light sources that did not hit the object , but are paired through a quantum effect with others that did .
An image of the toy begins to appear after approximately a thousand pairs of photons are recorded . ”
These are exciting times on the frontiers of physics .
Researchers in Copenhagen took a step towards producing a quantum bit .
And scientists at Arizona State are trying to figure out how electrons interact .
Both are necessary steps towards building superfast quantum computers .
[ Image : University of Maryland ]
Asi Burak has quite the task ahead of him .
The Israeli - born , Pennsylvania - based game developer is trying to court mainstream audiences into buying his titles .
His first effort , PeaceMaker - an astonishingly sophisticated simulation of the Israel / Palestine conflict , wherein players become the president or prime minister of either nation and vie for peace - earned significant press coverage last year , and was even distributed by the Peres Center For Peace .
But Burak does n't feel the game reached his ideal audience - " people who watch The Daily Show with Jon Stewart ; politically aware , socially conscious people " - because , ultimately , PeaceMaker was seen as a videogame .
And according to that audience , Burak reasons , videogames are dumb .
He may have a point .
Mainstream videogames may have all but conquered the 18 - 34 male demographic , and proven extremely pervasive throughout others , but their social stigma persists .
One of the most obvious reasons for this - and one of the key points of the Byron Review ( dfes.gov.uk/byronreview ) - is the vast " generational gap " between gamers and non-gamers .
Of course , this argument implies it 's just a matter of time before MP Keith Vaz sits down to a game of Grand Theft Auto VII , but Burak believes that before this can ever be achieved , we need to " dismantle the notion of the ' gamer ' " .
" If you think about it , " he says , " you wo n't call someone a ' radio listener ' , or ' TV viewer ' - I mean , you might , but everyone is , right ?
Everyone is a filmgoer .
This idea that people are ' gamers ' is going to have to change .
Everyone should be a gamer ! "
Playing to the masses
It 's a sensible idea , but , as Burak notes , the difference between a gamer and a TV viewer is that the latter requires absolutely no skill or prior knowledge .
Most games have several barriers to entry - the hardware required to run them , their cost and , importantly , the skills necessary to play and enjoy them .
For someone who 's played few videogames , even BioShock - often considered the apex in sophisticated interactive storytelling , and winner of last year 's Bafta " Best Game " award - is a daunting experience .
Ultimately , one could argue , the very reason videogames are so rarely taken seriously ( other than by gamers , of course ) is that only gamers know how to play them .
In the years before arguments about videogames ' artistic and social value were ubiquitous , games were a lot more intuitive .
Consider Pong , the first videogame to reach a mainstream audience .
In it , players have just one task : do not miss the ball .
As a gameplay concept it 's somewhat crude , but Pong is nonetheless instantly accessible to anyone .
And as an argument for the universal merits and appeal of videogames in general , it 's fairly strong : after all , Pong in its various incarnations and compilation releases is without question one of the highest - selling videogames of all time , and also the best - known .
Even with the luxuries of more sophisticated technology available and the expectations that brings , many games have met similar ( or even greater ) success by remaining relatively spartan in their demands of the player .
Pac - Man gave players two tasks : aim in the direction of pellets to accrue points , and aim away from ghosts to progress .
It is still commercially viable and instantly recognisable by gamers and non-gamers alike .
Similarly , Super Mario Brothers , while giving players a much more detailed world to enjoy , was essentially about running to the right of the screen and jumping .
The meagre number of tasks given to the player made understanding and playing ( if not mastering ) Super Mario Brothers a minor undertaking .
As a result , Mario has become the de facto mascot of the videogame business , and the Mario franchise has sold more then 200 m units .
Play Myst for me
On a smaller scale , this " less is more " philosophy has yielded significant returns , not only for developers but for the industry itself .
Myst eschewed the keyboard completely ; Cyan created a surrealistic and puzzle - heavy ( but absolutely conflict - free ) world that PC users navigated entirely using the mouse .
And for all the criticism levelled at it years on , few other mainstream PC titles have been able to capture as large and diverse and audience as Myst managed .
More complex simulations have benefited from making interactivity instantly possible , rather than a learned skill .
The Sims , for instance , shifted more than 50 m units because it took Maxis ' legacy of deep simulation gameplay - SimCity , SimEarth , SimLife , etc - and implemented it into a game about the minutiae of daily life .
Men , women and children took to the game in unprecedented numbers , primarily because it was easy to grasp .
Maxis did away with complex micromanagement with the Sims and focused on parts of life that players of all ages could understand .
The Sims achieved commercial dominance through clever game design , but Nintendo managed to conquer the console market by tackling the issue of accessibility at a hardware level .
The Wii is unquestionably the most intuitive piece of videogaming technology ever ; its motion - detection control system becomes , essentially , an extension of the player 's body .
Coupled with its range of titles - from traditional action games ( Zelda : Twilight Princess ) to exercise assistants ( Wii Fit ) - the Wii's uniquely physical control system has made a " lifestyle device " out of Nintendo 's console .
Which , one suspects , is exactly the perspective with which Burak wishes Wii players would see the rest of the games industry .
If these examples demonstrate anything to games developers , it is not that all should compromise complexity where it is due ; rather , accessibility should be a high priority .
Put simply , the longer it takes for someone to understand a game , the less likely it is that they 'll stay to play it .
And this chronic lack of understanding about the nature of interactive media will undoubtedly come to the fore yet again in the weeks and months after Grand Theft Auto IV 's release .
It will be accused of encouraging violence against women , and being a platform for dormant Ted Bundys to live out their wildest , most nightmarish fantasies - essentially , an exercise in sociopathy .
It will be judged by those who have never played it , and who have no concept of its nature nor the nature of any games like it .
And Burak 's right : we only have ourselves to blame .
So LAPTOP magazine published a report confirming what most people already believe to be true about SSDs ( that is , before last week when SSDs supposedly hit the fan ) : they use less power than traditional drives .
Apparently they got up to 20 minutes more battery life when testing an SSD against a platter - based drive in an Eee PC and Gateway T - 6828 ( which jibes with our own experiences using SSDs in laptops ) , but if you ask us , the discussion seems a little moot .
SSDs perform way faster and are far better suited to portable computing where drives are moved , bumped , and jostled -- the power savings is great , but the speed and reliability are still our top two reasons for going SSD .
US prosecutors involved in the long - running fight to extradite the British Pentagon hacker Gary McKinnon have defended their dogged pursuit of the UFO hunter .
McKinnon 's hack looked for all the world like an attack by cyberterrorists , according to Scott Christie , a former assistant US attorney of New Jersey .
McKinnon is accused of breaking into 97 Pentagon and NASA systems in an attack that floored the network of the Naval Weapons Station Earle , New Jersey , for a week just after the September 2001 terrorist attacks .
The shut - out affected the ability of the station to do its job in supplying kit to the US Atlantic fleet .
The assault was described at the time as the biggest computer hack of US military systems .
The attack was traced back to McKinnon , unemployed former sysadmin , who was arrested by officer from the UK's former National Hi-Tech Crime Unit in 2002 .
Extradition proceedings only began in 2005 .
McKinnon and his legal team have run a spirited campaign to avoid his extradition , but suffered a severe blow last month when the House of Lords turned down an appeal .
They unsuccessfully argued that threats made by US officials during plea bargaining negotiations amounted to an abuse of the extradition process .
Final stand
McKinnon 's team are waiting to hear if the European Court of Human Rights will intervene .
Coercive plea bargaining tactics by the US authorities and concerns that McKinnon may be subject to a military tribunal are the twin grounds of the European appeal .
McKinnon admits breaking into insecure systems but he says he meant no harm and was only looking for evidence that the US was suppressing knowledge of alien - acquired anti-gravity technology .
McKinnon and his legal team have consistently argued he ought to be tried in the UK , rather than thrown to the mercies of the US justice system .
Christie , one of the first US prosecutors in the case , told Computerworld that McKinnon and his legal team are " grasping at straws " to avoidextradition .
He says the House of Lords ruling vindicates the US position .
" I think it reinforces the fact that arguments against extradition had no merit and that he is continuing to avoid the inevitable , " Christie said .
" It is a very significant intrusion case , because it reinforces the fact that a lone individual who is motivated can cause significant damage to the military preparedness of this country . "
The attack happened when the US government was investigating a wave of letters containing anthrax that killed five people and injured 17 , as well as the devastating World Trade centre attacks .
Christie said the attack on the naval station , coming so soon after 9/11 , was serious enough to justify a huge investigative effort , particularly amid initial fears that it might have been the sponsored by a terrorist organisation .
He acknowledged that the security of systems may not have been up to scratch , but said that this was besides the point .
Solo
McKinnon reportedly left a note on a Army computer in 2002 that stated , " US foreign policy is akin to government - sponsored terrorism these days ....
It was not a mistake that there was a huge security stand down on September 11 last year .... I am SOLO .
I will continue to disrupt at the highest levels . "
Christie said US prosecutors are likely to use this statement in an attempt to prove McKinnon was motivated by antagonism against US foreign policy rather than a quest for information about UFOs .
" It [ would ] show him to be much more deliberate , methodical and vindictive than otherwise , " said Christie .
" I would imagine that the government is going to try to show that he's not this eccentric , but that he is using that as his cover story where his real motivation is attacking the government and the military because of US policies . "
McKinnon faces a seven - count indictment in the US and claims that he caused damages estimated at $ 700,000 .
He disputes these damage assessments .
According to Christie , a major focus of the prosecution case will be to prove that McKinnon 's attacks caused financial harm .
“ The government , through McKinnon 's admissions , is halfway to the goal line but still has a ways to go , " he said .
Pentagon systems left ' wide open '
McKinnon has explained that he was accessed insecure systems by searching for blank passwords using a Perl script .
Thereafter he used a remote control tool to search for information on compromised PCs .
While doing this he noticed other hackers also rooting around insecure military systems , he claims .
US authorities have been content to allow local authorities to prosecute hackers of US military systems , in the past .
For example , Israeli hacker Ehud Tenenbaum and two teenage accomplices were prosecuted in Israel .
Tenenbaum eventually received six months of community service when the case came to trial in June 2001 .
Previous attempts to prosecute UK hackers under the UK Computer Misuse Act have floundered .
This may be why the US authorities have been so energetic in pursuing McKinnon .
For example Mathew Bevan ( AKA Kuji ) was accused of infiltrating US military computer systems , but the case was dropped in 1997 after a legal battle lasting around 18 months .
No attempt was made to extradite Bevan .
Like McKinnon , Bevan was motivated by an interest in UFOs . ®
Published online 25 June 2008 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2008.914
News
Online videos of ' dancing ' cockatoos are not flukes but the first genuine evidence of animal dancing .
Dancing cockatoo Snowball stomps his feet to the beat .
Watch him in action 106 A. Patel BPM.mov " >here , 125BPM.mov " > here and 130BPM.mov " >here
When Snowball , a sulphur - crested male cockatoo , was shown last year in a YouTube video apparently moving in time to pop music , he became an Internet sensation .
But only now has his performance been subjected to scientific scrutiny .
And the conclusion is that Snowball really can dance .
Aniruddh Patel of The Neurosciences Institute in La Jolla , California , and his colleagues say that Snowball ’s ability to shake his stuff is much more than a cute curiosity .
It could shed light on the biological bases of rhythm perception , and might even hold implications for the use of music in treating neurodegenerative disease .
" Music with a beat can sometimes help people with Parkinson ’s disease to initiate and coordinate walking , " says Patel .
" But we do n’t know why .
If non -human animals can synchronize to a beat , what we learn from their brains could be relevant for understanding the mechanisms behind the clinical power of rhythmic music in Parkinson’s . "
Strutting cockatoo
Anyone watching Snowball can see that his bopping seems to be well synchronized with the beat .
But it was possible that in the original videos he was using timing cues from people dancing off camera .
His previous owner says that he and his children would encourage Snowball ’s ‘ dancing ’ with rhythmic gestures of their own .
Genuine ‘ dancing ’ — the ability to perceive and move in time with a beat – would also require that Snowball adjust his movements to match different rhythmic speeds , or tempos .
To examine this , Patel and his colleagues went to meet Snowball .
He had been left by his previous owner at a bird shelter , Birdlovers Only Rescue Service in Schererville , Indiana , in August 2007 , along with a CD containing a song to which his owner said that Snowball liked to dance : Everybody ( Backstreet 's Back ) by the Backstreet Boys .
Patel and colleagues videoed Snowball ‘ dancing ’ in one of his favourite spots , on the back of an armchair in the office of Bird Lovers Only .
They altered the tempo of the music in small steps , and studied whether Snowball stayed in synch .
You can see videos of Snowball dancing to a range of tempos 106BPM.mov " >here , 125BPM.mov " > here and 130BPM. mov " > here .
This was n’t as easy as it might sound , because Snowball did n’t ‘ dance ’ continuously during the music , and sometimes he did n’t get into the groove at all .
So it was important to check whether the episodes of apparent synchrony could be down to pure chance .
" On each trial he actually dances at a range of tempos , " says Patel .
But in each case the slower end of Snowball 's range seemed to correlate with the tempo of the music .
" When the music tempo was slow , his tempo range included slow dancing .
When the music was fast , his tempo range did n’t include these slower tempos , " Patel explains .
A statistical check on these variations showed that the correlation between the music ’s rhythm and Snowball ’s slower movements was very unlikely to have happened by chance .
" To us , this shows that he really does have tempo sensitivity , and is not just ‘ doing his own thing ’ at some preferred tempo , " says Patel .
Parrot fashion
Patel says that Snowball is unlikely to be unique .
Adena Schachner , who studies the responses of animals to music at Harvard University has also found evidence of genuine synchrony in YouTube videos of parrots , and also in studies of perhaps the most celebrated ‘ intelligent parrot ’ , the late Alex , trained by psychologist Irene Pepperberg1 .
Patel2 and Schachner will both present their findings at the Tenth International Conference on Music Perception and Cognition in Sapporo , Japan , in August .
Patel and his colleagues hope to explore whether Snowball ’s dance moves are related to the natural sexual - display movements of cockatoos .
Has he invented his own moves , or simply adapted those of his instinctive repertoire ?
Would he dance with a partner , and if so , will that change his style ?
ADVERTISEMENT
But the implications extend beyond the natural proclivities of birds .
Patel points out that Snowball ’s dancing behaviour is better than that of very young children , who will move to music but without any real synchrony to the beat3 .
‘ Snowball is better than a typical 2 - 4 year old , but not as good as a human adult ’ , he says .
( Some might say the same of Snowball ’s musical tastes . )
This suggests that a capacity for rhythmic synchronization is not a ‘ musical ’ adaptation , because animals have no genuine ‘ music ’ .
The question of whether musicality is biologically innate in humans has been highly controversial – some argue that music has served adaptive functions that create a genetic predisposition for it .
But Snowball seems to be showing that an ability to dance to a beat does not stem from a propensity for music - making .
With detractors like Rush Limbaugh , Ann Coulter , Laura Ingraham , Glenn Beck , Sean Hannity , Rick Santorum , Tom Delay and James Dobson , most thinking people might conclude that John McCain comes highly recommended .
But just because John McCain is an enemy of some of our most cartoonish villains does not make him a friend .
With detractors like Rush Limbaugh , Ann Coulter , Laura Ingraham , Glenn Beck , Sean Hannity , Rick Santorum , Tom Delay and James Dobson , most thinking people might conclude that John McCain comes highly recommended .
But just because John McCain is an enemy of some of our most cartoonish villains does not make him a friend .
This is most true on reproductive health issues .
Pro-choice Americans have n't yet pegged McCain as the extreme anti-choice copy of George W. Bush he is .
But for close watchers of pro-choice politics , he 's John McSame .
In fact , the Straight Talk Express has skidded off the road that most Americans drive .
He is more extreme than even some who consider themselves " pro-life . "
For example , most Americans would be stunned to learn McCain wo n't – or can't – say whether he even supports the right to use contraception .
Last March , McCain fumbled through this exchange about contraception with a reporter aboard his campaign bus ;
" Reporter : " Should U.S. taxpayer money go to places like Africa to fund contraception to prevent AIDS ? " Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE Mr. McCain : " Well I think it 's a combination .
The guy I really respect on this is Dr. Coburn .
He believes – and I was just reading the thing he wrote - that you should do what you can to encourage abstinence where there is going to be sexual activity .
Where that does n't succeed , then he thinks that we should employ contraceptives as well .
But I agree with him that the first priority is on abstinence .
I look to people like Dr. Coburn .
I 'm not very wise on it . "
( Mr. McCain turns to take a question on Iraq , but a moment later looks back to the reporter who asked him about AIDS . )
Mr. McCain : " I have n't thought about it .
Before I give you an answer , let me think about .
Let me think about it a little bit because I never got a question about it before .
I do n't know if I would use taxpayers ' money for it [ contraception ] . "
Q : " What about grants for sex education in the United States ?
Should they include instructions about using contraceptives ?
Or should it be Bush 's policy , which is just abstinence ? "
Mr. McCain : ( Long pause ) " Ahhh .
I think I support the president 's policy . "
Q : " So no contraception , no counseling on contraception .
Just abstinence .
Do you think contraceptives help stop the spread of HIV ? " Mr. McCain : ( Long pause )
" You 've stumped me . "
Q : " I mean , I think you 'd probably agree it probably does help stop it ? "
Mr. McCain : ( Laughs )
" Are we on the Straight Talk express ?
I 'm not informed enough on it .
Let me find out .
You know , I 'm sure I 've taken a position on it on the past .
I have to find out what my position was .
Brian , would you find out what my position is on contraception – I 'm sure I 'm opposed to government spending on it , I 'm sure I support the president 's policies on it . "
Q : " But you would agree that condoms do stop the spread of sexually transmitted diseases .
Would you say : ' No , we 're not going to distribute them , ' knowing that ? "
Mr. McCain : ( Twelve - second pause )
" Get me Coburn 's thing , ask Weaver to get me Coburn 's paper that he just gave me in the last couple of days .
I 've never gotten into these issues before . "
The Coburn that McCain has chosen as his mentor on all things reproductive is Senator Tom Coburn , R - Oklahoma , which is like having the Taliban head up the Office for Women 's Initiatives .
( Think that 's an extreme comparison ?
Keep in mind Coburn supports the death penalty for abortion providers . )
One story about McCain mentor Coburn is particularly telling .
Coburn , in recent years , led a sneaky offensive against the condom .
In 1999 , Coburn drafted legislation mandating that condom labels state that they cannot prevent the transmission of HPV .
In 2000 , at Coburn 's request , the National Institutes of Health , the FDA , USAID and the CDC ( the agencies responsible for condom research , condom regulation , condom- use recommendations , and HIV / AIDS and STD prevention ) hosted a meeting of experts to compile and examine 138 peer - reviewed papers on the effectiveness of condoms in preventing transmission of STDs .
In its report , the panel explained the difficulty in making definitive conclusions based on available studies .
For one , thing , there exist ethical boundaries that prevent ideal studies from being conducted .
Researchers cannot ask study subjects to go have sex without a condom and come back and see what they caught .
They also cannot ask those with treatable diseases , like HPV , to remain untreated , have sex with others using a condom , and see how likely transmission was .
Thus NIH took the cautious route .
It pointed out that given the studies out there , it was not always possible to say with certainty that the condom stopped everything , like , for example , HPV or chlamydia .
With regard to HPV , it stated , " The panel stressed that the absence of definitive conclusions reflected inadequacies of the evidence available and should not be interpreted as proof of adequacy or inadequacy of the condom to reduce the risk of STDs . "
In other words , a definitive answer was not possible either way .
Still the panel was able to conclude , " Study results did suggest that condom use might afford some reduction in risk of HPV associated diseases , including genital warts in men and cervical neoplasia [ or cancer ] in women . "
With HPV , the diseases are what you care about .
The panelists knew how their careful words might be construed by those with a political agenda and explicitly cautioned anyone against using the report to discourage condom use .
On cue , Coburn reacted as if the CDC 's careful wording proved his case .
Somehow he managed to conclude that the government was covering up for " condom pushers . "
Coburn issued a press release entitled " Condoms Do Not Prevent Most STDs " and joined anti-condom groups the Physician 's Consortium and the Catholic Medical Association to call for the resignation of the director of the CDC .
President Bush rewarded Coburn for his good work by appointing him to co-chair , of all things , the Presidential Advisory Council on HIV / AIDS .
When it comes to the preventing the spread of AIDS , Bush clearly prefers Right - thinking anti-condom crusaders to scientists .
It would appear McCain does too .
And might similarly reward Coburn – to oversee HHS , perhaps .
Sadly , though McCain often appears to be the palatable Sunday talk show conservative , the good - humored , apparently moderate Republican , on reproductive rights he 's a lot like Coburn .
Down the line , positions will leave even the middle - of - the - road reader wondering if we can really afford more of the same .
When asked about his position on reproductive rights , McCain talking with the National Review advised , " I think the important thing is you look at people 's voting record because sometimes rhetoric can be a little … misleading . "
And there 's no truer statement .
McCain 's voting record , which NARAL Pro-Choice America scrupulously tracks , is telling .
He has consistently voted against the right to a legal abortion and he has also consistently voted against contraception .
McCain voted to end the Title X family planning program which is the only way millions of Americans have been able to plan their family .
Title X has also been heralded as having prevented more than nine million unwanted pregnancies in the last two decades .
Without Title X , the number of teenage pregnancies would have been 20 % higher too .
McCain voted against legislation that would have required insurance coverage of prescription birth control and would also have provided more women with prenatal health care .
( So , throw in anti-baby too .
It 's also worth noting that in 2004 , McCain ranked among the 25 worst Senators for children , scoring 38 % , according to the Children 's Defense Fund Congressional Score Card . )
He 's an unapologetic proponent of the failed abstinence - only approach as well .
He voted against making " abstinence - only " programs medically accurate ( the most authoritative study found that more than 80 % of abstinence - only curricula , used by more than 2/3 of federal recipients , contains false , misleading , or distorted information . )
He also wanted to take $ 75 million from the Maternal and Child Health Block Grant to launch an abstinence ‐until - marriage program that prohibits sexually active teens from learning about birth control .
Yet another time he tried to route one ‐third of all HIV / AIDS prevention funds to the completely ineffective " just say no to sex " programs .
It 's clear ; Iraq is not the only unpopular war Bush started that McCain hopes to continue .
The war on Americans ' sex lives is another and McCain has already proven himself a good , loyal general .
Because of flawed electrical work by contractors , the bulletin stated , soldiers at U.S. bases in Iraq had received severe electrical shocks , and some had even been electrocuted .
— James Risen
But if a power outage occurs , the PV [ photovoltaic ] system has to shut down or it could electrocute utility workers who think they 're working on dead lines .
— Popular Science
He was working on Pier 38 on the West Side of Manhattan when he was accidently electrocuted by a high - voltage wire .
He suffered second - and third - degree burns and had to undergo painful skin grafts .
— Robert I. Friedman
" Congress shall make no law … abridging the freedom of speech , or of the press ; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble , and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances . "
First Amendment , U.S. Constitution
If there ’s one thing the United States stands for , it ’s unfettered free speech .
It is vital to a functioning democracy .
Unfortunately , the increasing use by government and law enforcement officials of " free speech zones " and other stifling tactics to purge dissent has largely undermined the First Amendment ’s safeguards for political free speech .
For example , President Bush ’s Presidential Advance Manual outlines the specific strategies his administration has used to " minimize the demonstrator ’s effect . "
It includes such Orwellian tactics as selling tickets exclusively to presidential supporters and creating " rally squads " of supporters who will surround and drown out protesters with pro-Bush chants .
The manual also discusses the strategy of asking local law enforcement to create a designated protest zone , " preferably not in view of the event site or motorcade route . "
Free speech zones have been employed by both Democrats and Republicans at past political conventions .
This year , however , Democrats face the embarrassing possibility that they will be the only party actually caging dissenters .
Protesters at the upcoming Democratic National Convention ( DNC ) in Denver in late August will be corralled into caged " free speech zones " made of chicken wire and chain link fences which are located more than two football fields from the delegates ’ entrance .
Those who attempt to exercise their First Amendment rights outside this makeshift cage , which is partially obscured by trees and sculptures , will be arrested .
( Ironically , protesters at this year ’s Republican National Convention will not face a cage or even policemen in riot gear . )
Even the news media , once considered a vital stronghold for ensuring accountability in government , is also conspiring to keep protesters out of sight and earshot .
Members of the media are urging Denver officials to move the designated protest zone away from where media tents will be situated , reportedly due to concerns that loud demonstrations could disrupt broadcasts or that reporters and photographers could be doused with tear gas or pepper spray if there are confrontations between police and protesters .
With the news media having seemingly sold out the First Amendment rights of protesters for the sake of their own financial interests , it has been left to a handful of civil liberties organizations and protesters to challenge these restrictions in court .
The courts have previously ruled that protests can be restricted in keeping with a reasonable time , place and manner .
But if you ’re two football fields away and no one can see or hear you , it renders you all but invisible and irrelevant — which , of course , is the point of these so - called free speech zones .
It is only a slight exaggeration to refer to free speech zones as temporary concentration camps .
Although the Holocaust has largely transformed our modern understanding of concentration camps , they were historically intended to " concentrate " populations of " dangerous " individuals into a small area so the government could monitor them more easily .
The 2004 DNC in Boston utilized such a camp , with surveillance cameras to record the individuals inside the cage .
Conditions were so appalling that U.S. District Court Judge Douglas P. Woodlock referred to the designated protest zone as a " grim , mean , and oppressive space , " which had the overall feel of an " internment camp . "
As one visitor to the 2004 DNC free speech zone remarked :
Last night , I had my first direct experience with the so - called free speech zone .
It left me with one conclusion : whatever you do , do NOT go inside .
It ’s not only a blatant offense to free speech , but also highly dangerous and unsafe .
I would suggest protesting anywhere in Boston but inside of it .
No amount of hyperbole can accurately describe how disastrous the interior actually is .
It ’s like a scene from some post - apocalyptic movie — a futuristic , industrial detention area from a Mad Max film .
You are surrounded on all sides by concrete blocks and steel fencing , with razor wire lining the perimeter .
Then , there is a giant black net over the entire space .
Concentrating , monitoring and minimizing the effects of protests are the real reasons for using designated protest zones .
Protesters are only perceived as dangerous because their message challenges the status quo .
It ’s the message that is feared .
Thus , efforts to confine and control the dissenters are really efforts to confine and control their political messages , whatever those might be .
This is true whether they ’re challenging environmental policies , free trade agreements or , as in Denver with the upcoming DNC , the political campaigns of candidates running for public office .
And if Barack Obama is serious about being an active defender of civil liberties , he needs to openly condemn the fencing off of protesters at the upcoming DNC .
By severely restricting protesters ’ access to the media and to convention delegates , free speech zones destroy the power of dissenting viewpoints to foment debate and bring about change .
Just imagine if the hundreds of thousands of participants in the 1963 March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom , which culminated with Martin Luther King Jr. ’s " I Have a Dream " speech at the Lincoln Memorial , had been forced into free speech zones .
There likely would not have been a 1964 Civil Rights Act .
The right of political free speech is the basis of all liberty .
It ’s the citizen ’s right to confront the government and demand that they alter policies .
But first , citizens have to be seen and heard .
That ’s what " we the people " is all about .
And only under extraordinary circumstances should free speech ever be restricted .
Caging people who want to exercise free speech goes against the entire concept of our Constitution , the Bill of Rights and what the revolutionary generation stood for .
When political protest is caged , it ’s not just the rights of a few protesters that are at stake .
The very definition of freedom is in danger .
Freedom cannot be exercised from within a cage .
Constitutional attorney and author John W. Whitehead is founder and president of The Rutherford Institute , a Virginia - based civil liberties organization .
Editor 's note : Paul Begala , a Democratic strategist and CNN political contributor , was a political consultant for Bill Clinton 's presidential campaign in 1992 and was counselor to Clinton in the White House .
Begala is not a paid political consultant for any politicians or candidates .
Click here for a rival view
Paul Begala says McCain's VP choice , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , is completely unqualified to be president .
( CNN ) -- John McCain needs what Kinky Friedman calls " a checkup from the neck up . "
In choosing Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin to be his running mate , he is not thinking " outside the box , " as some have said .
More like out of his mind .
Palin a first - term governor of a state with more reindeer than people , will have to put on a few pounds just to be a lightweight .
Her personal story is impressive : former fisherman , mother of five .
But that hardly qualifies her to be a heartbeat away from the presidency .
For a man who is 72 years old and has had four bouts with cancer to have chosen someone so completely unqualified to become president is shockingly irresponsible .
Suddenly , McCain's age and health become central issues in the campaign , as does his judgment .
In choosing this featherweight , McCain passed over Tom Ridge , a decorated combat hero , a Cabinet secretary and the former two - term governor of the large , complex state of Pennsylvania .
iReport.com : ' McCain pick might be a gimmick '
He passed over Mitt Romney , who ran a big state , Massachusetts ; a big company , Bain Capital ; and a big event , the Olympics .
He passed over Kay Bailey Hutchison , the Texas senator who is knowledgeable about the military , good on television and -- obviously -- a woman .
He passed over Joe Lieberman , his best friend in the Senate and fellow Iraq Kool - Aid drinker .
He passed over former congressman , trade negotiator and budget director Rob Portman .
And he also passed over Mike Huckabee , the governor of Arkansas .
For months , the McCainiacs have said they will run on his judgment and experience .
In his first presidential decision , John McCain has shown that he is willing to endanger his country , potentially leaving it in the hands of someone who simply has no business being a heartbeat away from the most powerful , complicated , difficult job in human history .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .
All About Sarah Palin
Rescued Mom Is ' Banged Up ' but Talking Amber Pennell 's husband calls his wife 's rescue and recovery " a blessing . "
Aug. 27 , 2008  --
Two days after she was pulled from the wreckage of her car where she had been trapped since last week , a North Carolina mother 's recovery has been dubbed a blessing by her husband and her rescuer .
" She 's doing good considering , " Mitchell Pennell said of his wife .
" She 's talking and she 's , you know , banged up real bad . "
Amber Pennell , 21 , was found Monday night five days after she was reported missing after she failed to return home from work .
Emergency services personnel , aided by K - 9 units and community members , launched an intense search for the mother of two after concluding that she 'd likely driven off a winding rural road she 'd taken home from work .
Their hunch was right .
Pennell 's white Toyota had plunged down an 80 - foot ravine , hidden by the thick brush that lines the area 's roads .
" She did n't remember wrecking , but she remembered being down there , " Mitchell Pennell told ABC News ' Robin Roberts , " and she just said that ... she was going to stay strong for her babies and she did . "
Pennell is recovering at the Carolinas Medical Center in Charlotte , some 50 miles northwest of her home .
She suffered multiple fractures and a possible head injury along with dehydration and mild hypothermia .
The intensive search was about to be abandoned when Caldwell County Emergency Services Director Tommy Courtner spotted the odd pattern of tire track marks heading off the road Pennell had last seen traveling on .
After getting out of his car to investigate , he spotted her Pennell 's car .
" I saw a path in the kudzu , but you could see where it went airborne , " Courtner told Roberts today .
" When I looked over the bank , you could see the very back corner of the truck . "
Courtner called out Pennell 's name -- and her arm raised up through the window .
Another call to her , and she managed to peek her head out as well .
And with that , the rural community gave a sigh of relief .
" At that point we realized we needed to start a rescue operation and get the proper equipment and staff there , " Courtner said .
Caldwell County Emergency Services Manager Keith Davenport , who was also on the scene , said Tuesday that onlookers , many of who had been searching for Pennell , lined the road as rescuers lowered themselves by ropes to rescue Pennell , whose legs were pinned under the vehicle 's dashboard .
The crowd burst into applause when the ambulance drove her away .
Pennell left her waitressing job at Hannah 's Bar - B - Que in Lenoir shortly before 10 p.m. Wednesday night .
She lives about 20 miles away in rural Buffalo Cove , and the road connecting the towns , Davenport said , is " really rough steep terrain . "
Pennell stopped at Wal - Mart to pick up a birthday card and some household items .
She called her husband to ask if he needed anything and left , according to the store 's surveillance camera , at 10:14 p.m .
It was that stop , and a later one for gas , that led police to believe something had happened to her and that she had n't simply skipped town .
Pennell 's husband reported her missing shortly after midnight , and by the next day the search was launched .
By Friday , volunteers and emergency officials had tramped through area ravines , woods and trails , looking for mashed foliage .
Mitchell Pennell said he had deep gratitude for the rescuers who brought his wife up from the ravine , and for the police and emergency officials who worked so hard to find her .
As for Courtner , the man who first spotted the Toyota , " he 's my hero , " Mitchell Pennell said .
" I love him more than anything . "
Yogaessential.com è il negozio online di abbigliamento per lo yoga in tessuti naturali e sostenibili , prodotti per la pratica e la meditazione come tappetini e cuscini , prodotti per la pulizia del tappetino e prodotti per il benessere .
Da noi puoi trovare articoli per lo Yoga , la Meditazione e la Cura del corpo .
Nel nostro negozio puoi acquistare ai prezzi migliori accessori per lo Yoga come i tappetini Manduka , Liforme e Five Elements , in gomma naturale e in sughero , cuscini per la meditazione , blocchi in sughero come supporti per la pratica , borse e cinghie porta tappetino , prodotti per la pulizia del mat , libri sullo yoga , Japamala e braccialetti 4 Ocean , oltre all ’abbigliamento per lo Yoga da donna e uomo .
Nel nostro shop online troverai tutto quello che ti occorre per migliorare e mantenere il tuo benessere e la tua pratica Yoga quotidiana nel rispetto della natura , contribuendo alla salvaguardia dell ’ ambiente e al futuro del nostro pianeta .
Republicans are already beginning to defect from the McCainiac party line on Iraq .
Here ’s George Voinovich , speaking before the Chamber of Commerce , in Howland , Ohio :
â€ œWe need to get the hell out of Iraq .
Do you hear me ?â€ 
Voinovich decried the impending bankruptcy of the US , wondering aloud at the legacy we ’re leaving our young people , sounding more like Ron Paul than the GOP ’s putative nominee .
For McCain , the top issue is the war — and even though the gist of every story emphasizes that Voinovich still supports McCain , Republicans who agree with the Ohio Senator are more likely to casts their ballots for Bob Barr , the former Republican congressman who just clinched the Libertarian Party presidential nomination .
Would you like to add or edit content here ?
Here 's how you can have an account !
From FreeThoughtPedia
First and foremost , there are no contemporaneous accounts of Jesus ' existence that are not legitimately argued as being inaccurate or downright forgeries .
If Jesus was so powerful and influential , the obvious dearth of contemporary accounts of him is a sign that perhaps he did n't exist , or at the least , was not as important nor powerful , much less capable of supernatural power , as later reports suggest .
Many theists cite Roman historian Flavius Josephus as a source for verifying the existence of Jesus .
The problem is , Josephus was born in 37 AD / CE .
Jesus supposedly died 30 - 33 AD / CE .
So Jesus was dead before Josephus was even born .
The same thing goes for Roman historian Tacitus , who was born in 56 CE .
There are no surviving Roman records of the First Century that refer to , nor are there any Jewish records that support the accounts in the Christian gospels --- except one .
In Rome , in the year 93 , Josephus published his lengthy history of the Jews .
While discussing the period in which the Jews of Judaea were governed by the Roman procurator Pontius Pilate , Josephus included the following account :
About this time there lived Jesus , a wise man , if indeed one ought to call him a man .
For he was one who performed surprising deeds and was a teacher of such people as accept the truth gladly .
He won over many Jews and many of the Greeks .
He was the Messiah .
And when , upon the accusation of the principal men among us , Pilate had condemned him to a cross , those who had first come to love him did not cease .
He appeared to them spending a third day restored to life , for the prophets of God had foretold these things and a thousand other marvels about him .
And the tribe of the Christians , so called after him , has still to this day not disappeared .
- Jewish Antiquities , 18.3.3 § 63 ( Based on the translation of Louis H. Feldman , The Loeb Classical Library . )
The legitimacy of this tiny statement in Josephus ' writing has been embroiled in controversy since the 17th century .
It could not have been written by a Jewish man , because it sounds too Christian , and it interrupts the flow of writing before and after .
Josephus was a Jew .
He would never therefore claim that He [ Jesus ] was the Messiah .
Therefore the statement is blasphemous to his own personal beliefs and an obvious sign that his writing was later doctored .
It 's widely regarded that this paragraph is not authentic .
It was inserted into Josephus ' book by a later Christian copyist , probably in the Third or Fourth Century .
Yet this citation is the single - most referenced source of evidence by Christians to defend the claim that Jesus was a real person that existed and was the Messiah .
The historicity of Jesus from " The God Who Was n't There "
Matt Dillahunty takes a call from a theist claiming there is proof Jesus was real
Josephus Flavius , the Jewish historian , lived as the earliest non-Christian who mentions a Jesus .
Although many scholars think that Josephus ' short accounts of Jesus ( in Antiquities ) came from interpolations perpetrated by a later Church father ( most likely , Eusebius ) , Josephus ' birth in 37 C.E. , well after the alleged crucifixion of Jesus , puts him out of range of an eyewitness account .
Moreover , he wrote Antiquities in 93 C.E. , after the first gospels got written !
Therefore , even if his accounts about Jesus came from his hand , his information could only serve as hearsay .
Tacitus , the Roman historian 's birth year at 64 C.E. , puts him well after the alleged life of Jesus .
He gives a brief mention of a " Christus " in his Annals ( Book XV , Sec. 44 ) , which he wrote around 109 C.E .
He gives no source for his material .
Although many have disputed the authenticity of Tacitus ' mention of Jesus , the very fact that his birth happened after the alleged Jesus and wrote the Annals during the formation of Christianity , shows that his writing can only provide us with hearsay accounts .
Not all sceptics doubt Jesus ' existence , for example Bart Ehrman trys to explain to the Infidel Guy why most historians think Jesus did exist .
See Also
Socrates vs Jesus -
An analysis of the evidence for the existence of a historical Socrates verses historical Jesus
A Silence That Screams - A detailed analysis of the known knowledge about Jesus in history .
Historicity of Jesus - a FAQ on this common issue
Lee Strobel - author of The Case For Christ , a well - known Christian apologetic tome claiming to provide evidence for Jesus ' existence , unfortunately this publication is extremely one - sided and fallacious and ignores commonly - known evidence that is in dispute of his findings .
External References
Answers to scholars ' questions about Josephus ' Jesus Account [ 1 ]
Historicity of Jesus FAQ [ 2 ]
Constantine invented ( Jesus and ) Christianity [ 3 ] -
Three new ideas in the field of ancient history
Welcome to a world where criticism of militant Islam could land you in court or worse .
In Vancouver , Canada 's venerable Maclean 's magazine awaits a hate - speech verdict from a human - rights tribunal for publishing a chapter from syndicated columnist Mark Steyn 's best - selling book " America Alone . "
The accusers charge the author and publisher with " Islamophobia . "
Last week , Ekmeleddin Ihsanoglu , secretary general of the 57 - member Organization of the Islamic Conference ( OIC ) , warned a gathering in Kuala Lumpur that " mere condemnation ...
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Warren Buffett said the economy is still in a recession and unlikely to improve before 2009 but that stocks appear better valued than a year ago .
Billionaire financier and Berkshire Hathaway Chief Executive Warren Buffett greets shareholders during the Berkshire Hathaway Annual Shareholders meeting in Omaha , Nebraska May 3 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Carlos Barria
The billionaire investor also said there is a “ reasonable chance ” shareholders of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac may be wiped out in any government bailout of the mortgage financiers .
Speaking on Friday on CNBC television , Buffett said some housing - related businesses in his Berkshire Hathaway Inc conglomerate are struggling as the economy works off past excess in making credit available .
“ You always find out who ’s been swimming naked when the tide goes out .
We found out that Wall Street has been kind of a nudist beach , ” said Buffett , who in March was called the world ’s richest person by Forbes magazine .
He also said Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke has no “ magic wand ” to boost an economy facing weak growth prospects , mounting inflation and deteriorating credit .
“ In my judgment it wo n’t be any better five months from now , ” he said .
Buffett nevertheless said U.S. stocks are broadly “ more attractive ” than a year ago .
He also said Berkshire has completely unwound a once $ 21 billion bet against the U.S. dollar , helping boost the greenback in Friday morning trade .
In May , Buffett said Berkshire still had a stake in one currency , the Brazilian real .
The Omaha , Nebraska - based company bought $ 3.98 billion of stock in other companies in the second quarter , and Buffett said it has added in recent months to its big stake in either American Express Co or Wells Fargo & Co , but did not say which one .
Shares of both rose in early trading , as did major stock indexes .
Buffett reiterated his support for Barack Obama , the presumptive Democratic nominee , in November ’s U.S. presidential election , but admires Republican rival John McCain .
“ President Obama is going to have plenty on his plate in January , ” he said .
HOUSING EXPOSURE
Since 1965 , Buffett has transformed Berkshire from a failing textile company into a $ 180 billion conglomerate .
Berkshire is best known for insurance holdings such as Geico and sells such products as ice cream and underwear .
But its 76 businesses also include housing - related units Acme bricks , Clayton manufactured homes , Shaw carpeting and the Home Services of America Inc real estate brokerage .
“ What we ’re seeing in business , in our retail businesses , or anything having to do with housing , is even a further slowing down in June and July , both in terms of credit experience where people first got in trouble with house payments , and now credit card payments , ” Buffett said .
Some economists say a recession occurs when the economy contracts for two straight quarters .
Buffett said it occurs when people are doing less well than before .
In morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Berkshire Class A shares rose $ 1,650 to $ 116,650 , and its Class B shares rose $ 50 to $ 3,885 .
American Express shares rose $ 1.42 to $ 38.43 , Wells Fargo rose 99 cents to $ 29.43 .
The CNBC interview was tied to the national roll - out of the documentary “ I.O.U.S.A. , ” which argues that the nation might face economic disaster if it does n’t curtail mounting debt .
Buffett is interviewed in the movie .
“ THE GAME IS OVER ”
Fannie and Freddie shares have plummeted as speculation grows about a government bailout of the companies , which own or guarantee almost half of U.S. mortgages .
Shares of both have fallen more than 90 percent in the last year .
Buffett called them “ too big to fail ” and said “ the game is over ” for them as independent companies .
“ In a practical sense , as institutions , they do n’t have any net worth , ” he said .
Buffett said he has not been approached to assist in any bailout , which he said would be too big to come from the private sector .
Though he said “ nothing is going to happen ” to investors in Fannie ’s and Freddie ’s insured mortgages or debt , but “ the equity and preferred stock is another question . ”
Berkshire is trying to reduce the $ 31.16 billion of cash on its balance sheet , and Buffett said he is being approached by a growing number of “ distressed ” companies rather than viable takeover candidates .
Buffett said he recently tried to invest $ 500 million in a Chinese stock he declined to name , but was turned down .
He also said he erred in selling 61 percent of Berkshire ’s stake in Anheuser - Busch Cos for $ 61 to $ 62 per share , ahead of the U.S. brewer ’s July agreement to be taken over by Belgium ’s InBev NV for $ 70 per share .
“ It was about valuation and whether I thought the deal would go through , ” Buffett said .
“ In retrospect , I was wrong to decide to partially sell . ”
Teenagers can get their hands on marijuana and prescription drugs more rapidly and easily this year than last , according to a new study .
However , greater drug availability has not yet translated into greater drug abuse in the group – marijuana use among teens continues to decline .
While this paradox may be accounted for by a lag time between an uptick in drug availability and drug abuse , it also raises questions about what aside from drug supply determines substance abuse behavior .
The findings on drug availability , released Thursday morning by the National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse ( CASA ) at Columbia University in New York , appear at a time when more teens are abusing prescription medication than any other drug except marijuana and inhalants , sparking concern nationwide .
In February , the Office of National Drug Control Policy kicked off a $ 14 million prescription - drug campaign with a Super Bowl ad profiling a drug dealer whose teenage customers had deserted him for the free prescription drugs in their parents ' medicine cabinets .
According to the CASA study , 23 percent of 12 - to 17 - year - olds said they could buy marijuana in an hour or less and 42 percent reported they could do so in a day or less , jumps of 35 percent and 14 percent from 2007 , respectively , after two years of decreases .
However , the most recent data shows that marijuana use among young people is falling steadily , with past - month use dropping 25 percent between 2001 and 2007 .
Data for this year is not yet available .
Teen usage of prescription medicine has not decreased as it has for most other illicit drugs , but it has n't budged much either .
Since 2005 , the proportion of teens who say they 've abused prescription drugs at least once has remained roughly 1 in 5 .
This year also marked the first time in the CASA survey 's 13 - year history that more teens said prescription medication was easier to buy than beer .
Among teens who know prescription drug abusers , 34 percent said abusers get the drugs from home , parents , or the medicine cabinet , while 31 percent said friends or classmates .
" A substantial number of American parents have become passive pushers , " says CASA chairman Joseph Califano Jr. " A few decades ago , parents used to have a lock on the liquor cabinet .
Maybe there should be a lock on the medicine cabinet . "
The study cites parental negligence as key to the upswing in teen access to drugs .
There are different explanations for the divergence of trends in drug availability and use .
Increased supply may yet convert into " upticks in usage " in the near future , says Mr. Califano .
" Availability is the mother of use , " he adds .
Drug price also plays an important role in usage , and it is not always affected by availability , notes Nora Volkow , director of the National Institute on Drug Abuse in Bethesda , Md. A 2007 NIDA study notes , for example , that changes in cocaine availability for 12th - graders over the last three decades has not proved a major determinant of use .
What changed cocaine use was the introduction of low - cost crack cocaine in the early 1980s , which broke down social - class differences .
Besides , attitudes count most , says Steve Pasierb , president and CEO of the nonprofit Partnership for a Drug - Free America .
" Use moves independent of supply to a degree . "
For example , teen Ecstasy use increased dramatically at the beginning of this decade because young people viewed the pills as safe and saw few social consequences to taking " the hug drug . "
But news of Ecstasy - related deaths and a national campaign , launched in 2001 , helped reduce usage by ratcheting up perception of risk and social disapproval , says Mr. Pasierb .
Teens and parents alike underestimate the risk of prescription drugs , he adds .
" Grandma uses them or something like that , and that comes with a veil of safety . "
It is not clear why marijuana and prescription drug availability rose this year , but contributing factors may include the influx of painkillers and attention - deficit drugs like Ritalin and the existence of websites where teens can learn how to grow marijuana , says Elizabeth Planet , who managed the survey .
But the single most important factor may be parental engagement , Ms. Planet adds , citing the fact that while nearly half the teens in the CASA survey said they typically leave the house on school nights to hang out with friends , only 14 percent of parents knew their children did so .
That disconnect between parents and children has serious consequences , she says .
Fifty percent of teens who usually return home after 10 p.m. and 29 percent of those who come home between 8 p.m. and 10 p.m. reported that people drink alcohol , smoke marijuana or use other drugs at these nighttime get - togethers , usually at a friend 's house .
Califano recommends that parents tackle drug issues at their children 's schools and model good behavior .
" Parents have got to send clear messages to kids , " Califano says .
While it 's critical that parents get involved in their children 's lives , teens are not just abusing drugs because their parents are apathetic or poor role models , says Neil Bernstein , a clinical psychologist in Washington .
" These are n't choirboys or choir girls , " he says .
" They are at risk :
They often hang out with like - minded peers , take more risks , are thrill seekers , are less happy with their lives , do poorly in school , and lack adequate life skills . "
Background : Some simulators have been developed to mimic generation sequencing data by including such famous error base substitutions and indels .
However , they can be degraded by the practicality of
British minister says Palin is ' horrendous '
Agence France - Presse
Published : Saturday September 20 , 2008
Print This Email This MANCHESTER , England ( AFP )  A British government minister attacked Republican US vice - presidential candidate Sarah Palin as " horrendous " at the Labour Party conference on Saturday .
The outburst from Communities Secretary Hazel Blears threatens to undermine Prime Minister Gordon Brown 's determination for the British government to maintain a neutral position in the US presidential election .
Speaking at a fringe meeting of the centre - left party during its annual party conference in Manchester , Blears said Palin was capitalising on people 's disillusionment with regular politics .
" I just think there is so much anti-politics -- not just in this country but around the world , " Blears said .
" One of the reasons why Sarah Palin has been such a phenomenon is because she 's anti-politics , anti-Washington .
" Her politics are horrendous , but actually she 's struck a chord with people -- ' I 'm a maverick , I 'm not part of those powerful people ' -- and people identified with that . "
Palin , the strongly anti-abortion governor of Alaska , has boosted Republican candidate John McCain 's fortunes since being named his surprise choice as running mate .
She has previously remarked that US soldiers in Iraq were being sent on a task from God .
Earlier this month , Brown denied favouring either McCain or Barack Obama in the US presidential race , despite writing an article in which he appeared to back the Democrats .
He rejected allegations of bias after a magazine article in which he said it was " the Democrats who are generating the ideas " .
This morning I received thrilling news : a joke I wrote more than 20 years ago has been voted the funniest religious joke of all time !
In case you 've missed it , here it is :
Once I saw this guy on a bridge about to jump .
I said , " Do n't do it ! "
He said , " Nobody loves me . "
I said , " God loves you .
Do you believe in God ? "
He said , " Yes . " I said , " Are you a Christian or a Jew ? "
He said , " A Christian . "
I said , " Me , too !
Protestant or Catholic ? "
He said , " Protestant . "
I said , " Me , too !
What franchise ? "
He said , " Baptist . "
I said , " Me , too !
Northern Baptist or Southern Baptist ? "
He said , " Northern Baptist . "
I said , " Me , too !
Northern Conservative Baptist or Northern Liberal Baptist ? "
He said , " Northern Conservative Baptist . "
I said , " Me , too !
Northern Conservative Baptist Great Lakes Region , or Northern Conservative Baptist Eastern Region ? "
He said , " Northern Conservative Baptist Great Lakes Region . "
I said , " Me , too ! "
Northern Conservative †Baptist Great Lakes Region Council of 1879 , or Northern Conservative Baptist Great Lakes Region Council of 1912 ? "
He said , " Northern Conservative Baptist Great Lakes Region Council of 1912 . "
I said , " Die , heretic ! "
And I pushed him over .
Two things , however , have slightly tarnished my thrill .
First , the website that conducted the poll , Ship of Fools , did not attribute me as the author .
Arghhhhh !
Sure , it has been quite a while since I performed it .
And true , I 'm not on TV all the time like some comedians I could name if I watched TV all the time .
But come on , guys !
The slightest Google search !
But back in the day ... ah , my friends !
That joke and I astounded the world !
Everywhere I played , in the largest of British theatres , the audiences clamoured for it !
I told it not once but twice on British television .
A few years ago it was voted by my peers as one of the top 75 jokes of all time .
It has been anthologized in several joke books , most recently in Italian ; the translator gave me a copy a few weeks ago after one of my shows .
He pointed the joke out , without telling me which it was ... but I immediately recognised my old friend by the word " ponte " .
Second , I learned why Ship of Fools was running the poll ... to shed light on the possible effect if the British government goes ahead with its intention to outlaw " offensive " religious jokes .
Such a law would be a bad idea , for the simple reason that jokes are how we humans avoid violence .
Jokes are our safety - release mechanism .
Sure they can sometimes be offensive .
So can burps .
But if you ban them even worse results happen .
And believe me , if someone tells a joke that truly offends , he or she will be punished for it .
That 's one area for sure where the government can take it easy and relax .
So I hope the ban never goes into effect .
But in case it does , I had better seize this last glorious moment to tell the rest of my religious jokes .
Here goes :
· When I was a kid , I used to pray every night for a new bike .
Then I realised , the Lord does n't work that way .
So I just stole one and asked Him to forgive me ... and I got it !
· So I 'm at the wailing wall , standing there like a moron , with my harpoon . "
· A Mormon told me that they do n't drink coffee .
I said , " A cup of coffee every day gives you wonderful benefits . "
He said , " Like what ? "
I said , " Well , it keeps you from being Mormon ... "
· I 'm not Catholic , but I gave up picking my belly button for lint .
· When I was a kid my dad would say , " Emo , do you believe in the Lord ? "
I 'd say , " Yes ! "
He 'd say , " Then stand up and shout Hallelujah ! "
So I would ... and I 'd fall out of the roller coaster
· The " Guy on the Bridge " joke can be heard on E=MO Squared ( 1985 ) which coincidentally is re-released on CD this month .
www.emophilips.com
UPDATED 8/14/2008
Former video engineer Egbert ( " Bert " ) Praetorius died this week at approximately 90 years of age .
Praetorius , according to a post on Reddit , invented the video rewind :
Not the physical rewinding of tape , but the ability to play video in reverse smoothly and without glitches .
Praetorius was a licensed ham radio operator and lived in New Jersey .
Wired.com reached one of Praetorius ' children , who confirmed the basic details of the Reddit story .
The invention dates to the early 1960s .
" He was always tinkering in our basement , " the source said .
Despite not having a college degree , Praetorius had a technical education in electronics from the military , and continued to teach himself through hands - on experimentation at home .
After inventing the rewind , Praetorius appeared on an episode of the TV show I 've Got a Secret .
A list of headline guests on that show does n't mention his name , but the list does n't cover every guest who appeared on the show .
Praetorius worked at WPIX , a New York television station , until his retirement in 1984 .
One question remains about his Praetorius 's invention :
The ability to show video in reverse , smoothly , is dependent on a helical scan videotape system .
The first of these was invented by Ampex and Sony in 1976 , so it 's not clear what exactly Praetorius 's innovation did or how it worked .
We 'll bring you more details as we have them .
Gadget Lab readers :
What do you think ?
Photo : Leo Reynolds / Flickr
Rebooting America By Arnold Kling
Clay Shirky writes ,
If I had to pick one method of rebooting civic life , it would be by finding new ways to grant groups the legitimacy essential to pursuing long - term and constructive goals on their own .
This is in the book Rebooting America , in which a bunch of technorati responded to Esther Dyson .
When the Framers met in Philadelphia in 1787 , they bravely conjured a new form of self - government .
But they could n’t have imagined a mass society with instantaneous , many - to - many communications or many of the other innovations of modernity .
So , replacing that quill pen with a mouse , imagine that you have to power to redesign American democracy for the Internet Age .
What would you do ?
My overarching goal would be to try to limit monopoly government and to encourage the competitive provision of government services .
In the Internet age , bad government needs to be driven out of business .
Also , in our “ long tail ” world , there should be as many varieties of government regimes as we have breakfast cereals .
One key is to limit the geographic monopoly power of governments .
Is it necessary for my local government to have a monopoly over water and sewer regulation ?
Probably –I do n’t want my neighbors giving me diseases .
It is necessary for the national government to regulate vaccination ?
Probably , for the same reason .
Is it necessary for my local government to have a monopoly on education ?
No .
We could have competing educational franchises .
As with restaurants , some competitors might be singel establishments , while others might be part of national chains .
Is it necessary for my national government to have a monopoly on the regulation / provision of retirement benefits ?
No .
Did our Founders have such a vision of competitive government ?
I tend to doubt it .
I think of the Founders as a combination of Massachusetts types and Virginia types , with the two types persisting to this day ( for the former , see the MIT economics department ; for the latter , see the GMU economics department ) .
The Massachusetts types did not want a king or a national religion ( they did have a state religion , until 1833 ) ; otherwise , however , they had in their hearts a desire to improve themselves and their fellow citizens .
The Virginia types wanted limited government , in part because they were afraid of the changes that the Massachusetts types might impose on others .
As the nation urbanized , the need for civic institutions grew .
Meanwhile , starting in the 1860 ’s , the Massachusetts types overpowered the Virginia types .
Occasionally , the Massachusetts types would over - reach and have to retreat a bit , but basically the trend has been their way .
I doubt that the Founders could foresee a society that was overwhelmingly non-agricultural and as intricately interdependent as we are today .
I think that the growth of institutions to co-ordinate this interdependence was inevitable .
But the form that this growth took , in which monopoly government took over a large share of functions , strikes me as more accidental .
And with the Internet changing the opportunity set for communications patterns , large monopoly government could turn out to be downright anomalous .
I ’m listening to Steve Yegge ’s talk on branding from last years OSCON .
He talks about how languages are branded , e.g. “ Java ” is enterprise .
One of his main points is that brands are “ const identifiers ” , i.e. it takes an entire generation to change brand perception , so it ’s often more effective to simply re-brand .
e.g. GTE had a poor brand , so they tried a self - deprecating ad campaign , which backfired , and subsequently re-branded to Verizon .
He then mentions Javascript has a branding problem , because it represents “ browser ” and “ toy language ” and “ damnit , I gotta learn Javascript ” and it ’s the language no - one wants to use .
He also notes the name itself is n’t great either , nor the rhino imagery .
( I ’m not sure why Steve assumed many programmers would associate Javascript with rhinos ; the Rhino product and O’Reilly cover were n’t really promiment enough to do that ; rhino ai n’t camel ! ) .
I do n’t agree with this premise .
Javascript has actually become at least somewhat cool in certain communities , pretty quickly .
Not the obvious ones like Rails and general web 2.0 fanboys / girls , but also PHP and Perl folks who would have previously been uninterested in it .
Anyway , he leaves the issue open and implies Javascript needs to be re-branded .
But is n’t the point here that Javascript , for most and intents and purposes , already has been re-branded , like sometime around February , 18 , 2005 ?
It now shares its name with that of a domestic cleaning product , Dutch football team , and Greek God .
For most people , Javascript became cool and worthy the day Ajax was coined ; and Ajax encapsulates most of what is meant by Javascript .
Of course , the two are n’t strictly synonymous , but when you set out to learn Ajax , you ’re predominately learning Javascript .
Go read a day or two of Ajaxian news and the vast majority will involve Javascript at some level .
Javascript has already been rebranded .
In fact , I ’d go so far as to say “ Ajax ” was one of the most successful rebrandings in software history .
ANCHORAGE - Alaska Governor Sarah Palin's husband has refused to testify in the investigation of his wife 's alleged abuse of power , and a key lawmaker said yesterday that uncooperative witnesses are effectively sidetracking the probe until after Election Day .
Todd Palin was one of 13 people subpoenaed by the Alaska Legislature and was to appear today and testify as to whether Sarah Palin , now the Republican vice presidential nominee , fired Public Safety Commissioner Walt Monegan in July because he refused to dismiss a state trooper who had gone through a bitter divorce with Sarah Palin 's sister .
Ed O'Callaghan , a spokesman for John McCain 's presidential campaign , said yesterday that Todd Palin no longer believes the Legislature 's investigation is legitimate .
Sarah Palin at first welcomed the investigation , known as " Troopergate . "
But since McCain selected her as his running mate , the campaign has raised objections and is now calling it partisan and unfair .
Palin has said she fired Monegan because he would n't carry out her budget orders .
But last night on Fox News Channel 's " Hannity & Colmes , " she also talked about the trooper .
" This trooper tasered my nephew , " she said . " . . .
It 's all there .
His threats against the first family , the threat against my dad .
All that is in the record .
And if the opposition researchers chooses to forget that side of the story , they 're not doing their job . "
© Copyright 2008 Globe Newspaper Company .
In the last week we deployed new code to Flickr 50 times , including 546 changes by 16 people .
We issued over 2,000 new API keys , and third party developers made an average of 704 API calls per second , across 109 public API methods .
We added 1 new API method , and updated 7 others .
There are approximately 10,000 lines of open source code in our public subversion repository .
And our new developer site , code .
flickr.com , is where you keep up with all that .
Open Source Uploadr
We have n’t talked about it much , but our latest Uploadr ( the 3.0 branch ) is actually a cross platform , open source application built on the XULRunner framework ( the same technology that Firefox is built on ) .
If you ’ve ever had a wish for the Uploadr to work a certain way , include some particular feature , or just work better , you ’ll want to check out Richard ’s meaty blog post “ Flickr Uploadr , start to now ” , checkout the code from SVN , join the Uploadr Group , and start hacking !
Flickr DevBlog
We ’ve also got a new blog written by the Flickr developer team for the larger Flickr development community .
We ’ll be covering changes to the API ( look for a post covering video in the Flickr API soon ) , cool Flickr related projects we discover , writing tutorials on Flickr API methods , and most anything else which catches our whimsy .
If you have something you like covered , you can let us know on in this thread in the Flickr API group .
And we ’ve got rainbows !
And gears !
Photo : “ How Flickr Works ” by straup .
One of the main causes of sleepless nights and marriage difficulties is money problems and worries and there are many people who live in financial fear .
What many of us need when we encounter some serious financial bumps in the road is some helpful advice in how to deal with financial problems and also an understanding of the mental health issues that money worries can create such as stress and anxiety .
Here is a look at how to cope with financial stress and take back control with a positive strategy to help you move forward with your life .
Focus on the present
One of your main priorities in trying to resolve your debt problems is to focus your attention on the here and now and take a realistic approach to where you are now with regard to your finances and how you intend to move forward .
Whether you turn to someone like USA Debt Consolidation to put all your loans into one manageable payment or get some external debt management advice to help you clear a path to a less stressful financial future , the important thing is focus on the present rather than tormenting yourself about mistakes made in the past .
Positivity is important
It can not be stressed enough that maintaining a positive outlook and concentrating on getting out of debt is hugely important to not just keeping a sense of perspective about your financial situation but it also helps you to reflect on all the things and people you love in your life and keep your mental health in a positive state .
Maintaining a positive mental attitude about your situation and being able to see a solution will make everything a lot easier to manage in terms of your finances and your relationships , as you need the help and support of others as well as your own commitment to getting your finances back on track .
Face up to your problems
You would hardly be the first person who would rather bury their head in the and hope all your financial woes are going to go away , but even when it seems like the pressure is too much to deal with , it is far better to face up to your demons rather than try to forget them .
Most people experience similar feelings when they have financial worries , and a typical description from someone suffering from money worries is that it feels like a dark cloud hanging over them that just makes them feel bad about themselves a lot of the time .
Resolving your financial problems is hardly every about finding a quick - fix , but more about facing your problems and tackling them step - by - step , so that the cloud gradually lifts as you take back control and feel better about your future .
Budgets matter
One of the fundamental keys to improving your financial situation is to carry out a realistic appraisal of your monthly expenditure and draw up a budget that you can and will stick to .
It really cannot be emphasised enough that creating a budget and then sticking to it will be a great practical help to your finances and give you greater peace of mind because you have a plan that gives you greater control over your money .
More than a quarter of households do n’t set out a clear budget and when they do finally sit down and work it all out , they are often shocked at how much they are spending and how even the little items quickly add up .
There are loads of online budget planners available to help you with reminders of what you need to include , or simply sit down and write out a list of everything you spend and how much money you have coming in .
Make sure you include even the smallest details like buying a coffee on the way to work as well as the usual rent or mortgage payments amounts .
Putting a budget together will enable you to see where your money is going and what items you can cut back on or eliminate in order to have enough money to meet all of your important payments .
Your wellbeing
Being in debt can be stressful and it can make you feel lethargic and very anxious or even depressed .
Debt can definitely feel like an isolating experience so never be afraid to seek the help and support of others .
It will also help to ease your money worries if take regular physical exercise .
Physical exercise has the positive effect of releasing chemicals in our brain which make us feel happier , so a jog or a walk in your local park will help to clear your mind and help you to cope better with any debt - related stress and if you want another option , you can also try natural medicine , in this case one of the most popular ones in the market right now is CBD oil , according to the National Institute on Drug Abuse “ CBD has shown therapeutic efficacy in a range of animal models of anxiety and stress , reducing both behavioral and physiological measures of stress and anxiety .
You can start off by visiting the store of Cannabis Seeds for Sale New York to find out more about this amazing product .
Lizzy Bale is a happily married mother of three who loves to enjoy life one day at a time .
She loves the outdoors .
She loves hiking and swimming the most .
When she does have to stay indoors , she likes to contribute her experiences with personal finances , paying down debt and managing the household budget .
She is currently contributing to DebtConsolidationUSA.com and enjoys sharing her ideas through blogging .
JERUSALEM ( Reuters ) - Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice on Monday praised Sen . Joe Biden , the newly named Democratic vice presidential candidate , as a statesman and a “ true patriot . ”
“ I am not going to comment on the politics of it .
I will just say that Sen .
Biden is obviously a very fine statesman , ” Rice told reporters as she flew to Israel for talks on Israeli - Palestinian peace .
“ He ’s a true patriot . ”
The warm words were unusual from Rice , who generally steers away from commenting on the U.S. presidential election pitting Republican Sen. John McCain of Arizona against Democrat Sen. Barack Obama of Illinois .
Obama on Saturday announced Biden as his running mate , selecting the Delaware Democrat who serves as chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and is an influential voice on U.S. national security policy .
Scientific American has partnered with HAPPYneuron to bring you this game , the demographic information requested is used to calculate your results on this game and will not be used for marketing purposes .
Shares
In the brief time that Science - Based Medicine has existed , I ’ve become known as the vaccine blogger of the group .
True , Steve Novella sometimes posts about antivaccine pseudoscience and fear - mongering ( unlike me , he ’s even been directly attacked by David Kirby ) and both Mark Crislip and Harriet Hall have each done one post about it , but , at least this far , hands down I ’ve done more posts about the misinformation , pseudoscience , and outright quackery spread by antivaccine activists such as J. B. Handley ’s Generation Rescue and his recently recruited empty - headed celebrity spokesperson Jenny McCarthy , not to mention a number of others who promote the resurgence of infectious disease by sowing doubts about the safety of the most effective weapon the mind of humans have ever devised against it .
Truly , few uses of “ alternative ” medicine bother me as much as the antivaccine orientation of so much of the movement supporting it , a movement that has also led to all manner of “ biomedical ” treatments ( quackery ) .
What you might not know is how I developed my interest in this particular area of dangerous pseudoscience .
After all , I ’m a cancer surgeon and an NIH - funded cancer investigator , not a pediatrician , immunologist , or neurologist .
As hard as it is for me to believe , given that it seems today that I ’ve always been refuting this nonsense , I only first discovered the antivaccine movement about three and a half years ago .
True , I had been a regular on certain Usenet newsgroups for at least four or five years before that and had encountered antivaccinationists there before , but my contact with them online had been sporadic , and they seemed “ out there ” even in comparison to the usual run -of - the - mill alt - med maven .
But then in the spring of 2005 I started to notice in a big way the cadre of pseudoscientists , parents of autistic children , and others who pushed the myth that thimerosal - containing vaccines or vaccines in general cause autism .
Oddly enough , it started out with the Huffington Post , of all places .
In May 2005 , Arianna Huffington started a large group blog , chock full of famous pundits and celebrities writing blog posts .
Within three weeks of its formation , I had noticed a very disturbing aspect of the Huffington Post , and that was that it appeared to be providing a major soapbox for antivaccinationists , including a post by Janet Grilo of Cure Autism Now , two posts by that propagandist of antivaccinationists David Kirby ( with whom our fearless leader Steve Novella has managed to get into a bit of a tussle ) , and posts by that Santa Monica pediatrician to the children of the stars , Dr. Jay Gordon , a man who assiduously denies being “ antivaccine ” but parrots the most blatantly obvious talking points of the antivaccine movement and is currently best known as being the pediatrician for Jenny McCarthy ’s son Evan .
At the very least , Dr. Gordon is an apologist for the antivaccination movement , and he has become one of the “ go - to ” guys for the media looking for physicians who are “ vaccine skeptics , ” making numerous radio and TV appearances to promote his “ skepticism . ”
The next phase of my “ awakening ” to just how pervasive antivaccine fearmongering and pseudoscience were came when Robert F. Kennedy , Jr. wrote an incredibly dishonest and deceptive screed that got wide coverage in the summer of 2005 .
His article , called , charmingly enough , Deadly Immunity was a rehash of all the misinformation about thimerosal in vaccines and autism wrapped up with in a bow of conspiracy - mongering worthy of a 9/11 Truther with a penchant for quote - mining that would make a creationist blush .
The article appeared simultaneously on Salon.com ( which normally does n’t publish such nonsense ) and Rolling Stone , a magazine that really should stay away from science and stick to covering entertainment and politics .
It was followed by a media blitz by RFK Jr. and antivaccine propagandist David Kirby , best known for his credulous treatment of the thimerosal / autism link , Evidence of Harm : Mercury in Vaccines and the Autism Epidemic : A Medical Controversy , published a few months before RFK , Jr. ’s article , and his subsequent activities posting antivaccine nonsense on Huffington Post and , more recently , on the quackery - promoting antivaccine blog Age of Autism .
I ’ve alluded to the fact before that I have quite a bit of blogging experience under another guise .
Indeed , I ’m sure many of the readers here know what that guise is .
Suffice it to say that at the time I prefaced a post about RFK , Jr. ’s article by saying that Salon.com had “ flushed its credibility down the toilet ” and referred to the article itself as the “ the biggest , steamingest , drippiest turd Salon.com has ever published . ”
Clearly ( and fortunately ) , I use much less–shall we say ?
–colorful language on this blog , but I bring this up so that the reader knows where I am coming from .
Indeed , since that time in the summer of 2005 , I ’ve been wondering when scientists , public health officials , and physicians supporting science - based medicine would finally wake up and start to push back against this tide of antivaccine nonsense , which is starting to result in the resurgence of measles and other vaccine - preventable diseases .
This year , I ’ve seen some hopeful signs , including organizations like Voices for Vaccines and Every Child By Two , as well as other signs of push - back against the antivaccine movement , which , I hate to admit , has been clearly winning the P.R. war .
What there has n’t been yet is a book written from a scientific viewpoint that directly addresses the history of the recent resurgence of the antivaccine movement and refutes the pseudoscience that it promotes .
Until now , that is .
Released earlier this month is a direct shot across the bow of the antivaccine movement in the form of a book by vaccine scientist and physician Dr. Paul Offit of the University of Pennsylvania ’s Childen ’s Hospital of Philadelphia , a man whom the antivaccine movement views as an unholy combination of Hitler , Stalin , Mao , Darth Vader , and Satan Incarnate because of his staunch advocacy of vaccines and his willingness to stand up to the antivaccine movement .
The book is entitled Autism ’s False Prophets : Bad Science , Risky Medicine , and the Search for a Cure .
Overall it is an excellent primer on the subject and should be required reading for anyone curious about how the antivaccine movement became so pervasive and powerful .
The book begins with a rather interesting choice for a quote :
When religion was strong and science weak , men mistook magic for medicine .
Now , when science is strong and religion weak , men mistake medicine for magic .
— Tomas Szasz
Actually , I would quibble about whether religion is actually weak these days .
In this country , at least , fundamentalist religion , in particular fundamentalist Christianity , seems stronger than ever , permeating society so thoroughly that it is unthinkable that an atheist President will be elected in my lifetime .
Elsewhere , fundamentalist Islam and other religions hold sway .
Later in the book Dr. Offit makes the connection between religion and the antivaccine movement , which strikes me as a bit incongruous with this quote .
However , the quote does characterize quite succinctly that what we are dealing with in the antivaccine movement is not science .
Rather it is more akin to religion , because scientific evidence exonerating vaccines as a cause of autism rarely changes the minds of adherents to the antivaccine faith .
One thing I was not aware of is just how much Dr. Offit has been harassed by antivaccine zealots because of his advocacy for vaccination .
He lays it all out right from the very first passage in the book :
I get a lot of hate mail .
Every week people send letters and e-mails calling me “ stupid , ” “ callous , ” an “ SOB , ” or “ a prostitute . ”
People ask , “ how in the world can you put money before the health of someone ’s baby ? ” or “ How can you sleep at night ? ” or “ Why did you sell your soul to the devil ? ”
They say “ I do n’t have a conscience , ” am “ directly responsible for the death and damage of hundreds of children , ” and “ have blood on [ my ] hands . ”
They “ pray that the love of Christ will one day flood [ my ] darkened heart . ”
They warn that my “ day of reckoning is coming . ”
Dr. Offit then describes how he became interested in pediatrics and vaccines and the path that led him to become an infectious disease specialist studying vaccines , describing in moving terms one child he took care of who died of a rotavirus infection and how that led him into his current work .
Fairly conventional stuff , but it ’s necessary to understand where Dr. Offit ’s coming from .
He then goes on to describe how he became an advocate for vaccines in the 1990s and how that led to his daily vilification .
( Just search Age of Autism if you want to get a flavor of the sort of stuff Dr. Offit is subjected to day in and day out by his enemies . )
As part of this campaign , Dr , Offit has even been subject to death threats and calls in which implied threats were made against his family and children .
Indeed , after he had casually mentioned his children ’s names during Congressional testimony in front of quackery - supporting antivaccinationist Congressman Dan Burton ’s committee , in which he answered a question by Representative John Tierney about whether he vaccinated his own children , a concerned member Tierney ’s staff warned him , “ Never , never mention the names of your own children in front of a group like this . ”
Some of these threats were credible enough that the University of Pennsylvania routinely checks his mail for suspicious letters and packages and he has periodically required an armed guard .
Personally , I find Dr. Offit ’s story quite credible .
Indeed , I ’ve occasionally been at the receiving end of but a small fraction of the vitriol directed at him .
True , I have never been physically threatened ( although one time I met someone whom I mistakenly thought–just for an instant –was a particularly persistent antivaccinationist who detested me and it momentarily frightened me ) , but antivaccinationists have certainly done their best to destroy my Google reputation .
Usually , the attacks take the form of slander and ad hominem attacks .
For example , not only have I been personally attacked by J.B. Handley of Generation Rescue himself on Age of Autism in a prolonged screed , the comments after which mocked my appearance and questioned my manhood , but one particularly deranged antivaccine advocate , who has in the past shown up at least once in the comments on this blog and is so off the deep end that even antivaccinationists are embarrassed by him , has written posts accusing me of “ sodomizing autistic children ” and of being a “ member of NAMBLA . ”
( Google it if you do n’t know what the acronym means . )
He bases his accusations on a list circulated on Usenet by Holocaust deniers back around 2000 designed to smear those of us involved in the fight against online Holocaust denial as pedophiles .
The list is so obviously a pile of lies ( for instance , it has me living and working in both New Jersey and Chicago seemingly simultaneously ) , but that did n’t stop him and it does n’t stop other cranks from periodically resurrecting this zombie and setting it loose to try to eat the brains of those who see it .
Indeed , this same blogger / commenter has even tried to link Kathleen Seidel to NAMBLA as well .
( More on her later , as she is a major player in the book . )
Now I ’m just a rather insignificant blogger , not a vaccine researcher who has been on national television and testified in front of Congress about vaccine safety , and I ’ve experienced a bit of this vitriol .
That ’s why I ’m not surprised that Dr. Offit has been subjected to much worse .
After describing his stake in this debate , Dr. Offit dives right in , beginning with a brief history of vaccines and then of the condition known as autism , serving as a background , including some earlier forms of autism “ treatments ” such as facilitated communication , a now discredited technique that led to false accusations of rape and child abuse against parents based on nothing more than suggestibility and the ideomotor effect .
He then proceeds to describe how Andrew Wakefield ’s litigation - funded research published in The Lancet in 1998 led to a scare over the MMR vaccine that has not abated even a decade later and has also led to measles again becoming endemic in the U.K .
That ’s just the warmup .
I have to admit that this is the first book I ’ve ever read about a topic that I had been following in detail and writing about myself periodically .
Consequently , my review is filtered through that prism .
It may also be the reason why I found how Dr. Offit structured the first part of his story particularly jarring .
He begins the thimerosal story with a chapter entitled “ Mercury Rising . ”
This chapter is a fairly straightforward and relatively uncritical recitation of the “ science ” used by antivaccinationists to show that mercury causes autism .
From my perspective , having read and analyzed many of these studies and knowing that they are at best irrelevant and at worst rank pseudoscience , I found this chapter especially disturbing .
I think I know what Dr. Offit was trying to do :
To show how the steady drumbeat of such studies can give the impression that there is scientific legitimacy to the question fo whether vaccines cause autism , but it was hard to swallow .
True , Dr. Offit immediately follows the chapter with “ Mercury Falling , ” in which he demolishes over and over again the “ science ” claiming to show that mercury in vaccines causes autism , but the overall effect disturbed me .
Of course , that ’s just me .
I ’d be curious to hear what others who have read the book thought of this structure .
One person who comes in for criticism is Dr. Neal Halsey , who in 1999 was head of the American Academy of Pediatrics ’ vaccine advisory committee and was also instrumental in persuading the CDC to recommend the removal of thimerosal from vaccines even though there was n’t any real science to show it to be dangerous .
Two interesting points come out of this chapter that I had n’t been aware of .
First was the dynamic of how this came about .
Many of the meetings held to discuss the matter were done by conference calls often dominated by Dr. Halsey .
Indeed , the CDC committee was initially not at all enthusiastic about Dr. Halsey ’s recommendations because they did n’t see any science compelling enough to warrant urgency .
However , through force of will during several conference calls Dr. Halsey ultimately won the day .
What seems to have happened is that , absent sitting in a room with all the players , members of the CDC got the impression that a “ snowball ” was growing in favor of doing something .
Members later said that they were extremely skeptical but that with Dr. Halsey dominating the conversations and the inability to see the body language of other members of the committee , they did n’t realize that they were not alone in their extreme skepticism about the advisability of “ doing something now . ”
The second point is that the banning of thimerosal absent compelling evidence that it caused harm was a fantastic example of the “ precautionary principle ” run amok , in which a ban was recommended “ just in case . ”
That decision more than any other , argues Dr. Offit , was responsible for the subsequent nine years of antivaccinationist fearmongering over mercury in vaccines .
After all , parents not unreasonably think , if the CDC and AAP recommended removing thimerosal from vaccines , there must have been a reason .
Maybe there was something wrong that is now being hidden !
Reassurances by the CDC that the recommendation was “ just as a precautionary measure ” designed to “ make vaccines even safer ” were not particularly convincing in comparison .
Actions speak louder than words , after all .
In other words , although antivaccine advocates were agitating about thimerosal in the late 1990s and likely would have continued to do so , the ultimate magnitude of the thimerosal scare in the U.S. was largely a self - inflicted wound on the part of the CDC and AAP .
One face familiar to me was featured prominently in this book , a woman named Kathleen Seidel , who created the Neurodiversity website and blog .
She has been a thorn in the side of antivaccinationists for several years now .
Arguably her biggest contribution is how she has revealed the sordid details of the conflicts of interest and pseudoscience “ Behind the Mercury Curtain , ” so to speak ( the title of the chapter in Autism ’s False Prophets featuring Seidel ) .
She was the first to uncover how Dr. Mark Geier and his son David formed a dubious and “ elusive ” institute and packed an institutional review board of that institute with their cronies to rubberstamp their unethical “ clinical trials ” using chelation therapy and the powerful anti-androgenic and - estrogenic drug Lupron under the guise of treating “ precocious puberty . ”
Indeed , my learning about the Geiers and their highly unethical research behavior back in 2006 was the second “ awakening ” I had about the antivaccine movement .
Also interviewed for the book is another online friend , Camille Clark , also known as the Autism Diva , as well as others with autistic children who do not buy into antivaccine pseudoscience .
Through the latter part of the book , Dr. Offit reviews all the other major players in the antivaccine movement .
They ’re almost all there : J.B. Handley of Generation Rescue ( now apparently known as “ Jenny McCarthy ’s Autism Organization ” ) and Age of Autism ; Jenny McCarthy and her “ Green Our Vaccines ” nonsense ; aging shock - jock Don Imus ; chemistry professor - turned - antivaccinationist Boyd Haley ; Mady Hornig ; Richard Deth ; David Kirby ; and , of course , Robert F. Kennedy , Jr. None of them are spared , nor should they be .
For someone as interested as I , there was n’t much there that I did n’t already know , although I was surprised to learn just how tightly RFK , Jr. is affiliated with trial lawyers ( I had always thought he was idealistic but seriously misguided on the question of vaccines ) and how David Kirby apparently used to bluster and bully that he was “ with the New York Times ” to try to obtain interviews when in fact he was never anything more than a freelancer who was occasionally published in the Gray Lady .
However , to those who are n’t familiar with these characters , it is potentially eye - opening .
Unfortunately , one aspect of this story that is missing is how antivaccine activists have coopted the case of Hannah Poling to serve their propaganda .
True , the case did n’t really explode onto the scene until March .
Perhaps it was too late to include it in the hardcover book , and I hope that Dr. Offit will write an update for the paperback edition .
Indeed , the manipulation of the Hannah Poling case and the way that antivaccinationists latched on it as “ evidence ” that rare mitochondrial disorders are allegedly a factor predisposing to “ vaccine injury ” causing autism warrant a complete chapter in and of themselves .
The closing third of the book deals with how science is handled in the courts and in society .
There is an extensive discussion of the Autism Omnibus and how weak the plaintiff ’s case was in the first “ test case . ”
More importantly , Dr. Offit echoes a lament that I have made time and time again about how science is so frequently misrepresented and abused in the media , describing specific examples .
One point he makes is that scientists always tend to qualify their remarks and be very careful about stating conclusions .
That ’s nothing but good science ( remember , science can never absolutely prove that there is no correlation between vaccines and autism , only suggest just how very , very unlikely it is that there is one ) , but such “ weasel words , ” which are normal qualifications of the uncertainty inherent in scientific conclusions , leave the average layperson thinking that there really is a major controversy among scientists .
In the case of whether vaccines cause autism , there is not .
Dr. Offit also compares the P.R. techniques used by the antivaccine movement to discount the science exonerating thimerosal - containing vaccines or vaccines in general as a cause of or contributor to autism to how the tactics tobacco companies used back in the 1950s and 1960s to try to convince people that there was still a scientific controversy over whether cigarette smoking causes lung cancer .
He also points out how , in this age of science , belief in magic and the paranormal remain very common , making the connection between the lack of critical thinking skills that allow such superstition to continue to flourish and how easily pseudoscience can become accepted as “ fact ” –a point I have made many times before , although not so much on this blog .
Of course , no review would be complete if I did n’t briefly mention two things that bugged me about this book .
No book is perfect , and Dr. Offit ’s is no exception .
Do n’t get me wrong , though .
Overall Autism ’s False Prophets is an excellent book that I recommend highly .
Nonetheless , I do have two minor nits to pick .
The first is that Dr. Offit approvingly quotes Steven Milloy twice and Michael Fumento once , both of whom are well known corporate shills , apologists for conservative politics , antienvironmentalists , and anthropogenic climate change “ skeptics . ”
( Indeed , Steve Milloy is known for his famous and dubious “ Ultimate Global Warming Challenge . ” )
Moreover , both have been accused of ties to the very tobacco companies to which Dr. Offit compared antivaccinationists to , and both have conflicts of interest in the form of ties to and / or funding from the industries whose interests they virtually always champion , be it big oil , big pharma , or big tobacco .
That they happen to be correct in condemning the antivaccination movement is not a good enough reason to cite them , and Dr. Offit could have made his points just as well without including quotes from such tainted sources .
Even though the quotes themselves argue Dr. Offit ’s case about science and society and the law , anyone who has skeptically examined the rhetoric of Milloy or Fumento will know that neither of them is a credible spokesman for science - based medicine .
The second nit is that Dr. Offit comes off as a bit credulous about the National Center for Complementary and Alternative Medicine ( NCCAM ) .
Indeed , at one point he states :
But what worried many scientists and physicians about NCCAM was that alternative medicines would be exempt from the scientific method .
Fortunately , that has n’t happened .
Actually , I ( and all of my cobloggers here , I daresay ) would argue that that is exactly what has happened with the rise of NCCAM .
Dr. Offit then goes on to argue that NCCAM has tested “ several alternative medicines ” and concluded that they did n’t work , mentioning laetrile .
Actually laetrile was tested and found to be ineffective back in the 1980s , several years before the office that was the precursor to NCCCAM was ever established in the NIH .
In any case , if he sees this review , I invite Dr. Offit to read articles by Wally Sampson , Steve Novella , Kimball Atwood , and me that argue otherwise and that NCCAM is a corrosive force against science - based medicine and for the accelerating infiltration of pseudoscience into academic medicine .
Be assured , however , that from my point of view the two nits I just picked are inconsequential compared to what is good and accurate about Autism ’s False Prophets .
Indeed , that I noticed them at all is probably a consequence of my having been active in the skeptical movement a long time ( i.e. , I “ know too much ” ) .
After the virtually nonstop barrage of antivaccine propaganda and pseudoscience that has permeated the national zeitgeist , especially since Jenny McCarthy became a convert to antivaccinationism a little more than a year ago , Dr. Offit has provided a refreshing , science - based change of pace on the topic of vaccines and autism that pulls no punches .
Every parent who has concerns about vaccines should read it to learn just how weak and without basis in science the claims of antivaccine “ scientists ” and advocates are and just how riddled with conflicts of interest every bit as bad as any attributed to big pharma so many of the luminaries of the antivaccine movement are .
Even better , those out there who might be worried that Dr. Offit will be profiting from sales of his book can take comfort in the fact that Dr. Offit will not receive any money from it .
He has promised to donate all royalties from sales of Autism ’s False Prophets to autism research .
Of course , it wo n’t be the type of autism “ research ” funded by Generation Rescue or performed by the likes of Boyd Haley , the Geiers père et fils , Andrew Wakefield , Laura Hewitson , Raymond Palmer or other false prophets of autism .
It will go to real scientists doing real research on the science of autism and treatments designed to help autistic children , rather than subjecting them to a mind - dizzying panoply of “ biomedical ” interventions that are not only expensive but useless and potentially dangerous .
Education and contributing to science - based medicine , what more could one ask for ?
Buy and read Autism ’s False Prophets instead of Jenny McCarthy ’s new book Mother Warriors .
Your brain will thank you .
Blaming Islamic fundamentalism is also wrongheaded .
More than 85 percent of female suicide terrorists since 1981 committed their attacks on behalf of secular organizations ; many grew up in Christian and Hindu families .
Further , Islamist groups commonly discourage and only grudgingly accept female suicide attackers .
At the start of the second intifada in 2000 , Sheik Ahmed Yassin , the founder of Hamas , claimed : “ A woman martyr is problematic for Muslim society .
A man who recruits a woman is breaking Islamic law . ”
Hamas actually rejected Darin Abu Eisheh , the second Palestinian female attacker , who carried out her 2002 bombing on behalf of the secular Aqsa Martyrs Brigade .
Image Credit ... Ronald Cala
So , what does motivate female suicide attackers ?
Surprisingly similar motives driving men to blow themselves up on terrorist missions .
For one , 95 percent of female suicide attacks occurred within the context of a military campaign against foreign occupying forces , suggesting that , at a macro level , the main strategic logic is to create or maintain territorial sovereignty for their ethnic group .
Correspondingly , the primary individual motivation for both male and female suicide bombers is a deep loyalty to their communities combined with a variety of personal grievances against enemy forces .
Terrorist organizations are well aware of the variety of individual motives for male and female attackers .
As such , recruitment tactics aimed specifically at women often involve numerous , even contradictory , arguments : feminist appeals for equal participation , using a suicide attack as a way to redeem a woman ’s honor for violations of the gender roles of her community , revenge , nationalism and religion  almost any personal motive that does not contradict the main strategic objective of combating a foreign military presence .
All secular organizations that employ suicide bombings have used female attackers early and often .
For instance , 76 percent of attackers from the Kurdistan Workers ’ Party in Turkey have been women , as have 66 percent of those from Chechen separatist groups , 45 percent of the Syrian Socialist National Party ’s and a quarter of those from the Tamil Tigers .
Religious groups only came to realize the strategic value of female bombers after seeing secular groups ’ success .
For example , in a 2003 interview , a female Al Qaeda agent calling herself Um Osama told a Saudi newspaper that “ the idea of women kamikazes came from the success of martyr operations carried out by young Palestinian women in the occupied territories . ”
Why use women ?
Paradoxically , the strategic appeal of female attacks stems from the rules about women ’s behavior in the societies where these attacks take place .
Given their second - class citizenship in many of these countries , women generate less suspicion and are better able to conceal explosives .
Moreover , since female attacks are considered especially shocking , they are more likely to generate significant news media attention for both domestic and foreign audiences .
DENVER , Colorado ( CNN ) -- Sen. Barack Obama , who chose a foreign policy expert with roots in Pennsylvania and an appeal to blue - collar voters as his running mate , wasted little time explaining his decision Saturday .
Barack Obama announced Saturday that Joe Biden will be his running mate .
In choosing Sen . Joe Biden , Obama got what he described as a " scrappy kid from Scranton " -- a battle - tested politician whose job will be to help fill perceived gaps in Obama 's résumé and serve as Sen.
John McCain 's chief critic .
Biden wasted no time in taking jabs at McCain after being introduced by Obama at the rollout ceremony in Springfield , Illinois .
But Biden delivered the blows in classic " Joe style , " saying McCain is " genuinely a friend of mine " and noting that the Arizona senator " served our country with extraordinary courage . "
Then Biden unloaded on McCain , accusing him of giving " in to the right wing of his party " and then taking a dig at him for owning several homes .
Biden said he has known McCain for 35 years -- enough time to know the good and bad about his " friend . "
The unanswered question is whether McCain 's Senate colleague -- turned Obama 's running mate -- will continue to amp up the criticism .
An Obama aide says that Biden will be charged with helping to explain to the " American people where Obama comes from , and what his vision is for the country , " as well as lay out " the choice in this election . "
Watch more on Biden and the road ahead »
While Obama talks about running a 50 - state campaign , Biden is likely to be a frequent visitor to Ohio , Pennsylvania and Michigan , where his Irish heritage , Catholic religion and lunch pail appeal could play well with skeptical voters : Reagan Democrats and Hillary Clinton supporters .
Biden and Obama wo n't go unchallenged .
Within hours of CNN breaking the news early Saturday that Obama had chosen Biden , the McCain campaign released an ad highlighting Biden 's criticism of Obama .
The 30 - second spot features an August 2007 Democratic primary debate during which Biden was asked if he stood by his criticism that Obama is not yet ready to be president .
" I think that I stand by the statement , " Biden responded .
Watch more on the new VP candidate »
The ad closes with Biden praising McCain , saying , " I would be honored to run with or against John McCain , because I think the country would be better off . "
The Obama aide dismissed the Biden comment , saying " there may have been nuances and points of disagreement , " and sought to highlight the sparring between McCain and Mitt Romney , who is said to be on McCain 's vice presidential shortlist .
But McCain has n't picked Romney yet , and even if he does , an aide for the Arizona Republican said to expect to see that clip run through November 4 .
" It does n't matter who we pick ; there is n't going to be any footage or any video of John McCain 's running mate saying that they would be honored to support Barack Obama for president because the country would be better off , " the aide said .
McCain called Biden on Saturday congratulating him on being selected as Obama 's running mate -- the kind of call made between " friends . "
Do n't expect any more calls until a winner is declared in November .
All About Barack Obama • Joseph Biden
DIGG THIS
" Mr. President , this is Governor Lutrin and I am calling on behalf of the nation of Idaho and the new Inland Confederation . "
" Good evening , Governor Lutrin , I was hoping we could discuss a resolution to the latest … unpleasantness . "
" Mr. President , I wanted to pass on to you my personal assurance on the territorial integrity of the remaining states in the former union known as these United States .
The departure of Utah , Wyoming , Montana and eastern Washington into the newly revived Articles of Confederation was a happenstance our exit did not anticipate .
We have no intention whatsoever of seeking additional members although I suspect your behavior has provided a tremendous incentive to cause more states to spin off from the orbit of DC .
I would like to recommend the creation of a Summit to establish a peaceful reconciliation between the divorced parties to normalize trade and diplomatic relations . "
" Governor , your actions have caused a cascading effect that has effectively opened national fissures that are difficult to contain . "
" I would also like to offer my concerns on repatriating the surviving members of the 82d Airborne Division and elements of the XVIII Airborne Corps .
Both battalions of the 19th Special Forces Group ( Airborne ) are remaining in the Confederation of their own accord to husband the creation of our own national militia .
The critically wounded soldiers will receive the best care we can offer through their recovery and eventual return to your country .
We have already dispatched the surviving 35 paratroopers to the border for return .
I am hopeful we can sustain the agreed terms of the ceasefire and avoid any bloodshed in the future . "
" That was the most lopsided defeat of American arms on our soil since … "
" Sir , we initiated no aggression against these United States and simply did what we tend to do best when our backs are against the wall .
We are a rural nation with urban pockets and the character of these states tend to be rather impatient with being pushed around and bullied .
Consider us as a porcupine that can do you no harm unless you visit violence on it .
You can say that the fury your armed forces experienced was a century of pent - up frustration and aggression .
Their sacrifice and bravery is acknowledged . "
" The US is the most sophisticated and powerful military power on the face of the planet .
If I simply picked up the phone and called for air strikes or military reprisals , we could bring you to your knees . "
" That would be inadvisable to visit that kind of bloodshed on peaceful people .
That particular scenario is not working very well for you in the Middle East .
I would also hope severe condemnations from civilized nations around the world would grace your desk .
I can promise you that we will initiate a number of retaliatory measures which require no military action on our behalf that will cause a modicum of grief to your administration "
" Such as … "
" Inspired by a terrific novel called Enemies Foreign and Domestic , we happen to have a complete database of all current physical addresses of all FLEAs ( Federal Law Enforcement Agent ) in the US available for broadcast release on the internet when we choose . "
" I have filed a formal complaint with the United Nations Security Council to issue an injunction against your secession . "
" We can not tell you who to associate with but we are not nor will we be members of the United Nations .
We already have formal recognition from 55 nations including Alaska , Switzerland , Russia and France where we are establishing formal consular offices .
We have formalized the transfer of all nuclear weapons and military facilities on Confederation soil and will reimburse the US Government for their costs after the auditors have finished calculating the total Confederation tax bill bled to the rulers on the Potomac since 1913 .
Unfortunately , I suspect the books may not balance in your favor so receipt of the funds in actual remuneration may not materialize . "
" Governor , that is clear and simple theft of US Government property to include the multibillion dollar facilities . "
" Mr. President , taxation is theft and the weight of Federal encroachment on the states has been enormous .
Once DC started to behave like an occupation government , all the natural forces seeking remedy and escape started to form the perfect storm of events that liberated the Confederation from the former US configuration .
We will conduct a full accounting of the valuation and match it to the previously mentioned audit .
We have no Federal Reserve and the Confederation will be relying on free banking to mint a new currency or currencies backed by hard metal .
What little government we have will be financed through a one percent tariff at the borders . "
" Governor , how can a government run on a one percent tax ? "
" Mr. President , that is the original percentage of the income tax in 1913 .
We have already cashiered 98 % of government workers in most of the states in the last two weeks .
This includes the former Federal employees who chose to remain here .
Each employee received the equivalent of five years salary in gold drawn from the caged IRS account in Boise .
They are among the last people we hope will ever get government aid in the state .
We have a unique agenda , we intend to shrink government over time and if the future allows us to zero it completely , so be it . "
" That is impossible , how will people survive without government support and protection ? "
" Like free men , Mr. President , like free men . "
The Best of William Buppert
The revisionist history about what caused the collapse of Bear Stearns and other financial stocks continues apace .
In addition to the SEC 's emergency attack on naked shortselling ( shorts are scapegoated in every market downturn ) , the propaganda campaign by former Bear Stearns execs appears to be persuading more and more people that Bear was killed by an organized hit job .
Specifically , Lehman ( LEH ) CEO Dick Fuld and former Bear Stearns CEO Alan Schwartz continue to point fingers at Goldman Sachs and other trading firms for spreading false rumors that caused trading partners to flee .
Both execs have reportedly confronted Goldman CEO Lloyd Blankfein about this allegation , the WSJ says .
Blankfein says through a spokesman that he does n't recall the Schwartz conversation .
Meanwhile , the SEC has subpoenaed several hedge funds for their trading and communications records :
The SEC investigation into Bear 's collapse partly involves trading documents , which have been reviewed by The Wall Street Journal .
The documents indicate that in the weeks before March 16 , when Bear Stearns reached its initial agreement to sell itself to J.P. Morgan , Goldman Sachs International , which encompasses the firm 's European trading units , was one of the most - active parties in trading securities known as credit default swaps that it had bought from or sold to Bear Stearns -- more than most other Bear trading partners .
Goldman cut much of its exposure to Bear just before the collapse .
Goldman denies wrongdoing and insists that the nature of its trading business is complex -- which it certaily is .
An SEC dragnet will undoubtedly unearth some scandalous emails and IMs .
Until we see irrefutable evidence to the contrary , however , we will continue to believe that the rumors that hit Lehman and Bear were Wall Street business as usual .
Good firms are built to survive such rumors , and Bear and Lehman were n't .
In our opinion , Fuld and Schwartz have no one to blame but themselves .
They took too much risk , and destroyed their own credibility .
And now they 're paying for it .
See Also : Lehman 's Odds Of Survival Now Almost As Bad As Bear Stearns
Bear Stears Was Not An Act Of God
After it was ruled that a hacker who obtained unauthorized emails from TorrentSpy on behalf of the MPAA did not technically intercept them under the WireTap Act , the EFF has filed a friend - of - the - court brief .
EFF describes the recent decision as a " dangerous attempt to circumvent privacy laws , " and wants to see it overturned .
The case , Bunnell v. Motion Picture Association of America , was brought against the MPAA by Justin Bunnell , the owner of TorrentSpy , who found out that the MPAA had intercepted his email communication .
In 2005 , an associate of TorrentSpy , Robert Anderson , ‘ changed sides ’ after an internal dispute and decided to work with the MPAA instead , gathering evidence against the BitTorrent site .
The man configured the TorrentSpy mail server to copy and forward all of the site ’s email to his own Gmail account .
He later sold the 34 pages of information to the MPAA for around $ 15,000 but later relented and went back to work with the torrent site , telling them what he knew .
The same man also spied on The Pirate Bay .
The EFF had filed a brief with the 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals , arguing that federal wiretap laws protect emails from interception while they are stored on the mail servers that work to transmit them .
However , the federal district court ruled that because the emails were momentarily stored on the server during the delivery process , under the Wiretap
Act they were not technically intercepted .
The ruling itself only applies to the 9th District , but could have relevance at other courts in the US .
In its friend - of - the - court brief , the EFF states this ruling is incorrect and must be reviewed , since it could allow the government to spy on other people ’s emails in the future , without the need for a court order .
“ The district court ’s decision , if upheld , would have dangerous repercussions far beyond this single case , ” Senior Staff Attorney Kevin Bankston at the EFF said .
“ That court opinion — holding that the secret and unauthorized copying and forwarding of emails while they pass through an email server is not an illegal interception of those emails — threatens to wholly eviscerate federal privacy protections against Internet wiretapping and to authorize the government to conduct similar email surveillance without getting a wiretapping order from a judge . ”
It appears that , as long as emails are n’t actually intercepted en-route , it could be legal for the government to request that an ISP copies an individual ’s emails after they arrive on the mail server .
This would not be classed as a breach of wiretap laws , which is a worryingly easy circumvention of vital privacy laws according to the EFF .
The EFF asks the Court to vacate the district court decision , and and rule that the MPAA hacker did “ intercept ” email communication from TorrentSpy owner Justin Bunnell .
The full amicus brief can be viewed here .
Linking the Red Sea to the Indian Ocean , the blue waters of the Gulf of Aden are one of the most important trading routes in the world .
They are also the most feared .
Far from the romantic villains of Hollywood legend , brutal pirates are terrorising congested shipping lanes and oceans from the South China Sea to the Gulf of Guinea .
Their targets are not dead men's treasure chests but ships and their crew , who they can hold to ransom , demanding - and getting - sums of up to $ 1 m .
The Gulf of Aden , close to the Somali coastline , is the real piracy hotspot , however , with more than 50 attacks on ships in or near the gulf so far this year , up from just 13 in 2007 .
Based on at least three elusive " mother ships " believed to be Russian - made trawlers and a tugboat , bands of pirates fan out in fast , inflatable boats and fire rocket - propelled grenades at their victims .
The latest hijack of a retired couple aboard the 50ft yacht Carré d'As ( Four Aces ) was only foiled when French special forces in night - vision goggles dropped by parachute into waters nearby .
The couple were rescued , six pirates were seized and one was shot dead .
Extraordinarily , Somali pirates are currently holding hostage 10 other vessels and 221 crew members .
The surge in attacks has come despite a new UN security council resolution allowing naval vessels to enter Somalia 's territorial waters and repress piracy " by all necessary means " .
EU foreign ministers this week agreed to coordinate warship patrols off the Somali coast but the International Maritime Bureau still wants the international community to take " a more proactive approach " .
French president Nicolas Sarkozy has also hinted other countries are not doing enough .
" The world cannot accept this , " he declared .
" I call on the other countries of the world to assume their responsibilities , as France has done . "
Andrew Linnington of the maritime union Nautilus says piracy has got worse because successful demands for large ransoms have inspired " copycat " attacks .
Linnington argues that ship owners are not doing enough to protect their vessels and crew and must invest in better alarm systems , CCTV , electric fences on ships and , in some cases , armed guards .
It is not just seafarers who are put in peril .
Some 3.3 m barrels of crude oil - almost 4 % of daily global demand - are transported through the Gulf of Aden each day .
Linnington warns that if the hijacking of a big oil tanker goes wrong there could be an environmental catastrophe .
" It is more by luck than anything else that we have n't had a major disaster yet , " he says .
Advertisements
Photo : Arichnode Studio
Your daily workout just got greener !
This award winning Create a Gym concept was designed by Mitchell Joachim of Archinode Studio with more than fitness in mind .
The floating River Gym offers a fabulous view , state of the art exercise equipment , and generates its own power – while purifying the water and propelling other boats as well .
The River Gym is not the first attempt to harness the natural energy of human power .
California Fitness in Hong Kong motivates members with human powered treadmills and trainers , powering lights and televisions within the gym .
photo : Frank Hanswijk
The first Sustainable Dance Club converts the energy of party - goers on the dance floor into power for a totally sustainable environment .
Created by Enviu , the concept incorporates earth - friendly innovations like toilets flushed with rainwater and rooftop gardens into a trendy hotspot that does n’t harm the planet .
Cyclecide does n’t generate energy with their pedal - powered carnival , but it ’s definitely plenty of good , clean fun .
From pedal - powered carousels to the one of a kind bike rodeo , Cyclecide proves that electronics are not necessary for a good time and designs some of the most innovative human - powered fun park rides ever imagined .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qBPZ5nYuH58&feature=related[/youtube]
There are hundreds of new human - powered creations emerging each year .
Pedal - driven hydrofoils , lightweight people - propelled lawnmowers , and entire shopping centers powered by footsteps are just the beginning of the possibilities of human power .
Shave a few dollars off your own electric bill with a pedal - powered generator that can power a lamp , the television , or even your laptop .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QM8W76nGc0o[/youtube]
Stay up to date on all the latest sustainable innovations – subscribe to Ecoble .
By Walden Bello , Focus on the Global South
[ Read more on the capitalist economic crisis HERE . ]
September 25 , 2008 -- The Wall Street meltdown is not only due to greed and to the lack of government regulation of a hyperactive sector .
It stems from the crisis of overproduction that has plagued global capitalism since the mid-seventies .
Many on Wall Street are still digesting the momentous events of the last ten days : US $ 1 - 3 trillion worth of financial assets wiped out .
Wall Street effectively nationalised , with the Federal Reserve and the Treasury Department making all the major strategic decisions in the financial sector and , with the rescue of the American International Group ( AIG ) , the US government now runs the world ’s biggest insurance company .
The biggest bailout since the Great Depression , with $ 700 billion , being desperately put together to save the global financial system .
The usual explanations no longer suffice .
Extraordinary events demand extraordinary explanations .
But first …
Is the worst over ?
No , if anything is clear from the contradictory moves of the last week — allowing Lehman Brothers to collapse while taking over AIG , and engineering Bank of America ’s takeover of Merrill Lynch — there is no strategy to deal with the crisis , just tactical responses , like the fire department ’s response to a conflagration .
The $ 700 billion buyout of banks ’ bad mortgaged - backed securities is not a strategy but mainly a desperate effort to shore up confidence in the system , to prevent the erosion of trust in the banks and other financial institutions and preventing a massive bank run such as the one that triggered the Great Depression of 1929 .
What caused the collapse of global capitalism ’s nerve centre ?
Was it greed ?
Good old fashioned greed played a part .
This is what Klaus Schwab , the organiser of the World Economic Forum , the yearly global elite jamboree in the Swiss Alps , meant when he told his clientele in Davos earlier this year : “ We have to pay for the sins of the past . ”
Was this a case of Wall Street outsmarting itself ?
Definitely .
Financial speculators outsmarted themselves by creating more and more complex financial contracts like derivatives that would securitise and make money from all forms of risk — including exotic futures instruments as “ credit default swaps ” that enable investors to bet on the odds that the banks ’ own corporate borrowers would not be able to pay their debts !
This is the unregulated multitrillion dollar trade that brought down AIG .
On December 17 , 2005 , when International Financing Review ( IFR ) announced its 2005 Annual Awards — one of the securities industry 's most prestigious awards programs — it had this to say : " [ Lehman Brothers ] not only maintained its overall market presence , but also led the charge into the preferred space by ... developing new products and tailoring transactions to fit borrowers ' needs … Lehman Brothers is the most innovative in the preferred space , just doing things you wo n't see elsewhere . "
No comment .
Was it lack of regulation ?
Yes — everyone acknowledges by now that Wall Street ’s capacity to innovate and turn out more and more sophisticated financial instruments had run far ahead of government ’s regulatory capability , not because government was not capable of regulating but because the dominant neoliberal , laissez - faire attitude prevented government from devising effective mechanisms with which to regulate .
But is n’t there something more that is happening ?
Something systemic ?
Well , George Soros , who saw this coming , says what we are going through is the crisis of the financial system , the crisis of the “ gigantic circulatory system ” of a “ global capitalist system that is …coming apart at the seams . ”
To elaborate on the arch - speculator ’s insight , what we are seeing is the intensification of one of the central crises or contradictions of global capitalism which is the crisis of overproduction , also known as overaccumulation or overcapacity .
This is the tendency for capitalism to build up tremendous productive capacity that outruns the population ’s capacity to consume owing to social inequalities that limit popular purchasing power , thus eroding profitability .
But what does the crisis of overproduction have to do with recent events ?
Plenty .
But to understand the connections , we must go back in time to the so - called ``golden age '' of contemporary capitalism , the period from 1945 to 1975 .
This was a period of rapid growth both in the centre economies and in the underdeveloped economies — one that was partly triggered by the massive reconstruction of Europe and East Asia after the devastation of the Second World War , and partly by the new socio-economic arrangements that were institutionalised under the new Keynesian state .
Key among the latter were strong state controls over market activity , aggressive use of fiscal and monetary policy to minimise inflation and recession , and a regime of relatively high wages to stimulate and maintain demand .
So what went wrong ?
Well , this period of high growth came to an end in the mid-seventies , when the centre 's economies were seized by stagflation , meaning the coexistence of low growth with high inflation , which was not supposed to happen under neoclassical economics .
Stagflation , however , was but a symptom of a deeper cause : the reconstruction of Germany and Japan and the rapid growth of industrialising economies like Brazil , Taiwan and South Korea added tremendous new productive capacity and increased global competition , while social within countries and between countries globally limited the growth of purchasing power and demand , thus eroding profitability .
This was aggravated by the massive oil price rises of the seventies .
How did capitalism try to solve the crisis of overproduction ?
Capital tried three escape routes from the conundrum of overproduction : neoliberal restructuring , globalisation and financialisation .
What was neoliberal restructuring all about ?
Neoliberal restructuring took the form of Reaganism and Thatcherism in the North and structural adjustment in the South .
The aim was to invigorate capital accumulation , and this was to be done by 1 ) removing state constraints on the growth , use and flow of capital and wealth ; and 2 ) redistribute income from the poor and middle classes to the rich on the theory that the rich would then be motivated to invest and reignite economic growth .
The problem with this formula was that in redistributing income to the rich , you were gutting the incomes of the poor and middle classes , thus restricting demand , while not necessarily inducing the rich to invest more in production .
In fact , neoliberal restructuring , which was generalised in the North and south during the eighties and nineties , had a poor record in terms of growth : global growth averaged 1.1 per cent in the nineties and 1.4 per cent in the eighties , whereas it averaged 3.5 per cent in the 1960s and 2.4 per cent in the seventies , when state interventionist policies were dominant .
Neoliberal restructuring could not shake off stagnation .
How was globalisation a response to the crisis ?
The second escape route global capital took to counter stagnation was “ extensive accumulation ” or globalisation , or the rapid integration of semi-capitalist , non-capitalist or precapitalist areas into the global market economy .
Rosa Luxemburg , the famous German revolutionary economist , saw this long ago as necessary to shore up the rate of profit in the metropolitan economies .
How ?
By gaining access to cheap labour , by gaining new , albeit limited , markets , by gaining new sources of cheap agricultural and raw material products , and by bringing into being new areas for investment in infrastructure .
Integration is accomplished via trade liberalisation , removing barriers to the mobility of global capital and abolishing barriers to foreign investment .
China is , of course , the most prominent case of a non-capitalist area to be integrated into the global capitalist economy over the last 25 years .
To counter their declining profits , a sizable number of the Fortune 500 corporations have moved a significant part of their operations to China to take advantage of the so - called “ China Price ” — the cost advantage deriving from China ’s seemingly inexhaustible cheap labor .
By the middle of the first decade of the 21st century , roughly 40 to 50 per cent of the profits of US corporations were derived from their operations and sales abroad , especially China .
Why did n’t globalisation surmount the crisis ?
The problem with this escape route from stagnation is that it exacerbates the problem of overproduction because it adds to productive capacity .
A tremendous amount of manufacturing capacity has been added in China over the last 25 years , and this has had a depressing effect on prices and profits .
Not surprisingly , by around 1997 , the profits of US corporations stopped growing .
According to one index , the profit rate of the Fortune 500 went from 7.15 in 1960 - 69 to 5.30 in 1980 - 90 to 2.29 in 1990 - 99 to 1.32 in 2000 - 2002 .
What about financialisation ?
Given the limited gains in countering the depressive impact of overproduction via neoliberal restructuring and globalisation , the third escape route became very critical for maintaining and raising profitability : financialisation .
In the ideal world of neoclassical economics , the financial system is the mechanism by which the savers or those with surplus funds are joined with the entrepreneurs who have need of their funds to invest in production .
In the real world of late capitalism , with investment in industry and agriculture yielding low profits owing to overcapacity , large amounts of surplus funds are circulating and being invested and reinvested in the financial sector — that is the financial sector is turning in on itself .
The result is an increased bifurcation between a hyperactive financial economy and a stagnant real economy .
As one financial executive notes , “ there has been an increasing disconnect between the real and financial economies in the last few years .
The real economy has grown … but nothing like that of the financial economy — until it imploded . ”
What this observer does not tell us is that the disconnect between the real and the financial economy is not accidental — that the financial economy exploded precisely to make up for the stagnation owing to overproduction of the real economy .
What were the problems with financialisation as an escape route ?
The problem with investing in financial sector operations is that it is tantamount to squeezing value out of already created value .
It may create profit , yes , but it does not create new value — only industry , agricultural , trade and services create new value .
Because profit is not based on value that is created , investment operations become very volatile and prices of stocks , bonds , and other forms of investment can depart very radically from their real value — for instance , the stock of Internet startups that keep on rising , driven mainly by upwardly spiraling financial valuations , that then crash .
Profits then depend on taking advantage of upward price departures from the value of commodities , then selling before reality enforces a “ correction ” , that is a crash back to real values .
The radical rise of prices of an asset far beyond real values is what is called the formation of a bubble .
Why is financialisation so volatile ?
Profitability being dependent on speculative coups , it is not surprising that the finance sector lurches from one bubble to another , or from one speculative mania to another .
Because it is driven by speculative mania , finance driven capitalism has experienced scores of financial crises since capital markets were deregulated and liberalised in the 1980s .
Prior to the current Wall Street meltdown , the most explosive of these were the Mexican fnancial crisis of 1994 - 95 , the Asian financial crisis of 1997 - 1998 , the Russian financial crisis of 1996 , the Wall Street stock market collapse of 2001 and the Argentine financial collapse of 2002 .
Bill Clinton ’s Treasury Secretary , Wall Streeter Robert Rubin , predicted five years ago that “ future financial crises are almost surely inevitable and could be even more severe ” .
How do bubbles form , grow and burst ?
Let ’s first use the Asian financial crisis of 1997 - 98 , as an example .
First , capital account and financial liberalisation at the urging of the IMF and the US Treasury Dept . ;
Then , entry of foreign funds seeking quick and high returns , meaning they went to real estate and the stock market ;
Overinvestment , leading to fall in stock and real estate prices , leading to panicky withdrawal of funds — in 1997 , $ 100 billion left the East Asian economies in a few weeks ;
Bailout of foreign speculators by the IMF ;
Collapse of the real economy — recession throughout East Asia in 1998 ;
Despite massive destabilisation , efforts to impose both national and global regulation of financial system were opposed on ideological grounds .
Let ’s go to the current bubble .
How did it form ?
The current Wall Street collapse has its roots in the technology bubble of the late 1990 ’s , when the price of the stocks of internet startups skyrocketed , then collapsed , resulting in the loss of $ 7 trillion worth of assets and the recession of 2001 - 2002 .
The loose money policies of the Fed under Alan Greenspan had encouraged the technology bubble , and when it collapsed into a recession , Greenspan , to try to counter a long recession , cut the prime rate to a 45 - year - low of 1 per cent in June 2003 and kept it there for over a year .
This had the effect of encouraging another bubble — the real estate bubble .
As early as 2002 , progressive economists such as Dean Baker of the Center for Economic Policy Research were warning about the real estate bubble .
However , as late as 2005 , then Council of Economic Adviser chairperson and now Federal Reserve Board chairperson Ben Bernanke attributed the rise in US housing prices to “ strong economic fundamentals ” instead of speculative activity .
Is it any wonder that he was caught completely off guard when the Subprime Crisis broke in the summer of 2007 ?
And how did it grow ?
Let ’s hear it from one key market player himself , George Soros : “ Mortgage institutions encouraged mortgage holders to refinance their mortgages and withdraw their excess equity .
They lowered their lending standards and introduced new products , such as adjustable mortgages ( ARMs ) , `interest only ' mortgages , and promotional teaser rates .
All this encouraged speculation in residential housing units .
House prices started to rise in double digit rates .
This served to reinforce speculation , and the rise in house prices made the owners feel rich ; the result was a consumption boom that has sustained the economy in recent years . ”
Looking at the process more closely , the subprime mortgage crisis was not a case of supply outrunning real demand .
The “ demand ” was largely fabricated by speculative mania on the part of developers and financiers that wanted to make great profits from their access to foreign money that flooded the US in the last decade .
Big ticket mortgages were aggressively sold to millions who could not normally afford them by offering low “ teaser ” interest rates that would later be readjusted to jack up payments from the new homeowners .
But how could subprime mortgages going sour turn into such a big problem ?
Because these assets were then “ securitised ” with other assets into complex derivative products called “ collateralised debt obligations ” ( CDOs ) by the mortgage originators working with different layers of middlemen who understated risk so as to offload them as quickly as possible to other banks and institutional investors .
These institutions in turn offloaded these securities onto other banks and foreign financial institutions .
When the interest rates were raised on the subprime loans , adjustable mortgage and other housing loans , the game was up .
There are about six million subprime mortgages outstanding , 40 per cent of which will likely go into default in the next two years , Soros estimates .
And five million more defaults from adjustable rate mortgages and other “ flexible loans ” will occur over the next several years .
But securities , the value of which run into trillions of dollars , have already been injected like a virus , into the global financial system .
Global capitalism ’s gigantic circulatory system was fatally infected .
But how could Wall Street titans collapse like a house of cards ?
For Lehman Brothers , Merrill Lynch , Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac and Bear Stearns , the losses represented by these toxic securities simply overwhelmed their reserves and brought them down .
And more are likely to fall once their books — since lots of these holdings are recorded “ off the balance sheet ” -- are corrected to reflect their actual holdings of these assets .
And many others will join them as other speculative operations such as credit cards and different varieties of risk insurance seize up .
The American International Group ( AIG ) was felled by its massive exposure in the unregulated area of credit default swaps , derivatives that make it possible for investors to bet on the possibility that companies will default on repaying loans .
Such bets on credit defaults now make up a $ 45 trillion market that is entirely unregulated .
It amounts to more than five times the total of the US government bond market .
The mega -size of the assets that could go bad should AIG collapse was what made Washington change its mind and salvage it after it let Lehman Brothers collapse .
What ’s going to happen now ?
We can safely say then that there will be more bankruptcies and government takeovers , with foreign banks and institutions joining their US counterparts , that Wall Street ’s collapse will deepen and prolong the US recession , and that in Asia and elsewhere , a US recession will translate into a recession , if not worse .
The reason for the last point is that China ’s main foreign market is the US and China in turn imports raw materials and intermediate goods that it uses for its exports to the US from Japan , Korea and South - East Asia .
Globalisation has made “ decoupling ” impossible .
The US , China and East Asia are like three prisoners bound together in a chain gang .
In a nutshell …?
The Wall Street meltdown is not only due to greed and to the lack of government regulation of a hyperactive sector .
The Wall Street collapse stems ultimately from the crisis of overproduction that has plagued global capitalism since the mid-seventies .
Financialisation of investment activity has been one of the escape routes from stagnation , the other two being neoliberal restructuring and globalisation .
With neoliberal restructuring and globalisation providing limited relief , financialisation became attractive as a mechanism to shore up profitability .
But financialisation has proven to be a dangerous road , leading to speculative bubbles that lead to the temporary prosperity of a few but which ultimately end up in corporate collapse and in recession in the real economy .
The key questions now are : How deep and long will this recession be ?
Does the US economy need another speculative bubble to drag itself out of this recession .
And if it does , where will the next bubble form ?
Some people say the military - industrial complex or the “ disaster capitalism complex ” that Naomi Klein writes about is the next one , but that ’s another story .
[ Walden Bello , a fellow of the Transnational Institute , is professor of sociology at the University of the Philippines , president of the Freedom from Debt Coalition and senior analyst at Focus on the Global South . ]
[ Read more on the capitalist economic crisis HERE . ]
Resmon is a lightweight utility for local host monitoring that can be queried by tools such as nagios over http .
One of the main design goals is portability : that resmon should require nothing more than a default install of Perl .
Built with the philosophy that " we are smart because we are dumb , " that is , local requirements should be minimal to e …
Toru Maesaka
Hi , welcome to my website .
I 'm a Computer Programmer and a newish Dad in San Francisco , CA .
I was into cycling until my bicycle was stolen .
Nowadays Boosted Rev is my daily commuter .
Professionally , I'm a Software Engineer at Fastly - I work mostly on low - layer code .
Websites that I particularly like are :
Arbitrary Documents
12 Year Old Boy Invents New Type of Solar Cell
September 17th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
Now here ’s a story that makes me feel profoundly unaccomplished : a 12 year old boy in Beaverton , Oregon recently developed a new type of 3D solar cell that makes other solar cells look inefficient by comparison .
William Yuan ’s 3D cell can absorb both visible and UV light .
According to his calculations , solar panels equipped with his 3D cells could provide 500 times more light absorption than current commercial solar cells and nine times more light than existing 3D solar cells .
>>
Like this post , please subscribe for our main RSS feed or our Newsletter !
Yuan received a well - deserved $ 25,000 scholarship for his research .
The next step ?
Getting his invention to market .
Of course , the viability of his solar cells will ultimately depend on their cost efficiency — but Yuan has his whole life ahead of him to work on that .
You can check out the original press release here .
>>
Calculate your own solar potential with Renewzle ’s California solar power calculator .
Posts Related to Solar Tech :
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Adobe is nearly done with a version of its Flash Player for the iPhone that could be released ' in a very short time ' if it passes Apple 's App Store screening process , an Adobe official said this week .
Speaking at the Flash On The Beach ( FOTB ) conference in Brighton , Sr. Director of Engineering at Adobe Systems Paul Betlem was asked by an audience member for an update on Flash support for iPhone users .
Betlem reportedly responded by saying his team is " working on Flash on the iPhone " but given that the iPhone is a closed and closely guarded system , Apple will have final say over whether the application makes its way onto the App Store .
Should Apple approve the software , it would be available " in a very short time , " Betlem added .
In March , Adobe chief executive Shantanu Narayen publicly confirmed that his engineers had begun work on a version of Flash for the iPhone .
Three months later he said he was pleased with the ongoing progress .
Therefore , the only new information to come from Betlem 's comments is word that the first version of the software is nearly ready for submission to Apple .
Betlem offered no further details , leaving several unanswered questions , such as how the player would function within websites given Apple 's current iPhone developer guidelines , or how it would prove useful in accessing Flash media as a standalone application .
Earlier this year , Apple chief executive Steve Jobs panned Flash on the iPhone , arguing that its fragmented architecture offered no middle ground suitable for use on his company 's mobile products .
Specifically , he said Flash Lite " is not capable of being used with the web " because it does n't support the same types of Flash media accessible by the traditional version of Flash player on the PC .
On the otherhand , the version built for PC was dubbed a resource hog that " performs too slow to be useful " on the iPhone .
" There 's this missing product in the middle , " he said .
It remains to be seen whether Adobe 's most recent efforts are suited to fill that gap .
Audi Twin Turbo
The driver got out , walked away and called emergency on his phone .
Sooner or later , a country that spies on its neighbors will turn on its own people , violating their privacy , stealing their liberties .
President Bush ’s grab for unchecked eavesdropping powers is the culmination of what the National Security Agency ( NSA ) has spent forty years doing unto others .
And if you ’re upset by the idea of NSA tapping your phone , be advised NSA allegedly can also read your Windows software to access your computer .
European investigative reporter Duncan Campbell claimed NSA had arranged with Microsoft to insert special “ keys ” in Windows software starting with versions from 95 - OSR2 onwards .
And the intelligence arm of the French Defense Ministry also asserted NSA helped to install secret programs in Microsoft software .
According to France 's Strategic Affairs Delegation report , “ it would seem that the creation of Microsoft was largely supported , not least financially , by NSA , and that IBM was made to accept the ( Microsoft ) MS - DOS operating system by the same administration . ”
That report was published in 1999 .
The French reported a “ strong suspicion of a lack of security fed by insistent rumours about the existence of spy programmes on Microsoft , and by the presence of NSA personnel in Bill Gates ’ development teams . ”
It noted the Pentagon was Microsoft ’s biggest global client .
In the U.S. , Andrew Fernandez , chief computer scientist with Cryptonym , of Morrisville , N.C. , found Microsoft developers had failed to remove debugging symbols used to test his software before they released it .
Inside the code Fernandez found labels for two keys , dubbed “ KEY ” and NSAKEY ” .
Fernandez , though , termed it NSA ’s “ back door ” into the world ’s most widely used operation system .
He said this makes it “ orders of magnitude easier for the US government to access your computer . ”
Microsoft called the report “ completely false . ”
Apparently , agenices of the military - industrial complex take on a life of their own .
NSA , for example , has long engaged in commercial espionage eavesdropping on European businesses to benefit U.S. firms , according to William Blum , author of “ Rogue State ” ( Common Courage Press ) .
NSA achieves this through ECHELON ( “ E ” ) – an intelligence cartel dominated by the U.S. with Great Britain , Australia , New Zealand and Canada as junior partners .
Launched in the 1970s to monitor Cold War data , “ E ” morphed into “ a network of massive , highly automated interception stations covering the globe , ” Blum said .
Using “ E ” , NSA has spied on German and French businesses which , as a result , have come off second best against their American competitors .
Among companies targeted were Thomson S.A. , of Paris , Airbus Industrie of Blagnac Cedex , France , and the German wind generator - manufacturer Enercon .
“ We know this technology ( “ E ” ) is there and it is being used on us , ” Josef Tarkowski , former head of counter - espionage for the German government told The London Sunday Times Internet Edition .
“ Like a mammoth vacuum cleaner in the sky , ” Blum documents , NSA ’s continuously orbiting satellites “ sucks it all up : home phone , office phone , cellular phone , email , fax , telex … satellite transmissions , fiber - optic communications traffic , microwave links … voice , text , images . ”
These are then processed by high - powered computers at Ft. Meade , Md. , NSA headquarters .
Billions of messages are sucked up daily , Blum writes , including those by presidents , prime ministers , the UN Secretary - General , the pope , the Queen of England , transnational corporation executives , and foreign embassies .
It ’s been estimated “ E ” sifts through 99.9999 percent of all global communications to get at the 0.0001 percent that is of interest to it .
Each of the English - speaking partners , Blum asserts , “ is breaking its own laws , those of other countries , and international law --- the absence of court - issued warrants permitting surveillance of specific individuals is but one example . ”
“ E ” works by mining for key words that are extracted by computers and passed along to humans for evaluation .
Some NSA activities came to light during the countdown to the U.S. invasion of Iraq in 2003 .
At the time , the U.S. listened in on the private conversations of UN Secretary - General Kofi Annan , UN weapons inspectors in Iraq , and on the deliberations about Iraq of all members of the UN Security Council .
It also spied on organizations such as Christian Aid and Amnesty International .
Earlier , it was said to have spied on U.S. Senator Strom Thurmond ( R.-S.C. )
Less well known has been E ’s spying on foreign firms .
In 1998 , German wind generator - maker Enercon developed a cheaper way to generate electricity from wind power , but its U.S. rival , Kenetech , said it had patented a near - identical process , and got a court order to ban Enercon sales in the U.S. , reporter Blum writes .
NSA ’s role was exposed when one of its employees revealed he had stolen Enercon ’s secrets by tapping telephone and computer links between its research and production units .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
( Fortune Small Business ) --
Imagine being able to convert water into a boundless source of cheap energy .
That 's what BlackLight Power , a 25 - employee firm in Cranbury , N.J. , says it can do .
The only problem :
Most scientists say that company 's technology violates the basic laws of physics .
Such skepticism does n't daunt Dr. Randell Mills , a Harvard - trained physician and founder of BlackLight , who recently claimed that he has created a working fuel cell using the world 's most pervasive element : the hydrogen found in water .
" This is no longer an academic argument , " Mills , 50 , insists .
" It 's proven technology , and we 're going to commercialize it as quickly as possible . "
For the first time in his company 's 19 years of persistent trial and error , Mills says he has a market - ready product : a fuel cell that produces a chemical reaction to alter hydrogen atoms .
The fuel cell releases heat that turns water into steam , which drives electric turbines .
The working models in his lab generate 50 kilowatts of electricity - enough to power six or seven houses .
But these , Mills says , can be scaled to drive a large , electric power plant .
The inventor claims this electricity will cost less than 2 cents per kilowatt - hour , which compares to a national average of 8.9 cents .
While his business has been working on the " BlackLight Process " since its inception almost two decades ago , Mills developed the patented cocktail that enables the reaction - a solid fuel made of hydrogen and a sodium hydride catalyst - only a year ago .
( He recently posted instructions on the company 's Web site , blacklightpower.com ) .
Now that the device is ready for commercialization , he says , BlackLight is negotiating with several utilities and architecture and engineering firms , but he wo n't disclose any partners ' names until the deals are finalized .
About 20 of the generators , which look like small copper water heaters turned on their sides , rest on lab benches inside the company 's 55,000 square foot headquarters , once a Lockheed Martin facility .
BlackLight 's 11 scientists barely make a sound as they slip among the cavernous rooms , blue lab coats flapping behind them .
The near - emptiness is eerie , but it's also portentous , says Mills : " Within the next two years , we 're going to grow to 500 , maybe 1,000 employees .
This could satisfy a majority of the world 's power needs , and the demand is going to be huge . "
Such grandiose predictions invite comparison to cold fusion , a source of cheap and abundant energy that two scientists in Utah claimed to unearth in 1989 , only to be immediately discredited by government and independent experts .
But while the cold - fusion scientists rushed to the media shortly after their " discovery , " BlackLight has n't courted press until it considered its invention commercially viable , and had lined up financing and respected board members .
The business , Mills says , has attracted $ 60 million in funding from wealthy individuals , investment firms , and utilities such as Delaware 's Conectiv , and it is no longer seeking money .
BlackLight 's board of directors reads like a Who's Who of finance and energy leaders , including Michael Jordan , former CEO of both Electronic Data Systems ( EDS , Fortune 500 ) and Westinghouse ; Neil Moskowitz , CFO of Credit Suisse First Boston ; and Shelby Brewer , former CEO of ABB ( ABB ) Combustion Engineering Nuclear Power .
BlackLight has all of the trappings of prestige , minus one hitch : Mills ' theory is rejected by almost all of the scientific community .
" He 's wrong in so many ways , it 's beyond counting , " says Robert Park , a professor of physics at the University of Maryland and former spokesman for the American Physics Society .
Parks , 77 , uses BlackLight as an example of phony physics in his 2002 book , Voodoo Science : The Road from Foolishness to Fraud .
He says of Mills , " I do n't know of a single scientist of any reputation who takes his claims seriously . "
Mills ' theory , which he expounds upon in his self - published 2,000 page book , The Grand Unified Theory of Classical Quantum Mechanics , rests on what he describes as his discovery of the hydrino - an altered version of hydrogen that has an energy level lower than its ground state , or the baseline energy level .
These modified atoms , he argues , are the stuff that comprises dark matter , the invisible material that many scientists believe composes more than 90 % of the universe .
The mechanism that creates hydrinos - a chemical reaction whose released energy can allegedly be harnessed for power - is what Mills calls the BlackLight Process .
Why do scientists give Mills so much heat ?
By positing that a molecule 's energy level can dip below its ground state , he rewrites the principles of quantum mechanics , which are widely viewed as incontrovertible .
Perhaps the most widely - known critique of his theory was published by Andreas Rathke of the European Space Agency , who argues that Mills ' mathematics is flawed .
Jan Naudts , a physics professor at the University of Antwerp , says of Mills ' work , " The few people who looked at it immediately found errors . "
He adds , however , " That 's quite common with new theories .
And his has n't been investigated on a large scale . "
Mills attributes the lack of engagement with his theory to the self - preserving nature of academia .
" As long as you 're in the mainstream , you 're fine .
But if you 're doing something paradigm - changing , you 're proving that academics have been going down the wrong path , " he says .
Such self - interested politics , argues Mills , have led mainstream scientists to seek BlackLight 's demise by blacklisting the company from publications and spreading disinformation on the Web .
Brewer , who has served on the firm 's board since 1997 , agrees that the fear of losing government grants has bred widespread skepticism towards the hydrino :
" Hell hath no fury like a professor whose funding is cut off . "
BlackLight does have a few fans among scientists .
Gerrit Kroesen , a professor Eindhoven University in the Netherlands , wrote in an e-mail that he 's attempted to replicate Mills ' experiment and produced surprising , if not conclusive , results .
In 2005 , leaders at Greenpeace asked Randy Booker , chair of the physics department at the University of North Carolina at Asheville , to fly to New Jersey to investigate BlackLight 's claims .
Booker says he was skeptical at the outset , but during his visit , " I found that they really were producing a great deal of excess energy with hydrogen , " he says .
" Some people may disagree with the theory , but the experiments work . "
Booker believes that commercialization could lead more independent laboratories to validate BlackLight 's claims .
He now performs paid research work for the company .
Critics such as Park say the high - profile CEOs on BlackLight 's board are following each other over a cliff .
He could be right : Both Jordan and Jim Lenehan - a BlackLight investor , senior consultant at hedge fund Cerberus , and former president of Johnson and Johnson ( JNJ , Fortune 500 ) - say they were led to the business by friends .
But Lenehan , who does not sit on BlackLight 's board , says , " It 's no longer a high - risk part of my portfolio .
It now has the ability to make a huge difference in the world of power . "
Jordan , who earned science degrees from Yale and Princeton , expresses a similar sentiment .
" In the beginning , I thought it was worth putting money into because it was going to be a huge flop or a huge success . " he says .
" But when they made the breakthrough last fall , I saw the results . "
That logic could explain BlackLight 's success in garnering investors , despite its lack of scientific approval :
While the academic community stresses theoretical backing for a new discovery , the business world is more concerned with practical applications .
Lenehan says , " My point of view is , just do it - generate power .
In terms of influencing investors , it 's about results . "
Jordan agrees : " Theoretically , the bumble bee can't fly - but no one told the bumble bee .
Now they 're saying this can't be done , but it 's happening . "
While the company 's followers already extol the high - energy , green , and thrifty virtues of BlackLight 's technology , the rest of the world will have to wait for evidence until the fall of 2009 , when the business promises to install its cells in power plants .
Whether or not Mills ' team meets that deadline will likely determine how BlackLight goes down in history - as a revolutionary startup or a flop 19 - years in the making .
To write a note to the editor about this article , click here
READER COMMENTS ON
" Rove Threatened GOP IT Guru If He Does Not ' Take the Fall ' for Election Fraud in Ohio , Says Attorney "
( 79 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Bruce Sims said on 7/24/2008 @ 5:20 pm PT ...
Thanks Brad ; if ' digg ' is any indication , you are the ONLY news source - of the ones Arnebeck copied - that has published anything about this .
Kudos .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... racehorse said on 7/24/2008 @ 5:32 pm PT ...
This should be front page news --- let 's see how long the MSM sits on this one --- it reminds me of the hit on Valerie Plame when Joe Wilson came out about the yellow cake .
What 's with the GOP going after spouses ?
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Mugzi said on 7/24/2008 @ 5:52 pm PT ...
Do n't look for any of this in MSM - would n't look good for Mclame .
Get ready ... sounds like rigging machines is right on target for November !
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Mugzi said on 7/24/2008 @ 6:00 pm PT ...
Are you telling me Mc does n't know what this guy does ???
Mc surely knows what he did in Ohio and that is why he is on Mc team - do the same and rig machines for him !
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... anonoman said on 7/24/2008 @ 6:16 pm PT ...
The headline you chose is false , according to your story .
It should begin , " Hearsay : ... " I do not trust this hearsay one iota !
It is hilarious to see how easily this tale is wagging the hounds though .
Try to remember , Ohio had the easiest to steal elections ever .
To change a Kerry vote to a Bush vote , you just moved the punch card to the next precinct pile .
This ruse may be more cover - up and smoke screen of the obvious way to steal Ohio elections for a decade .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... mick said on 7/24/2008 @ 6:35 pm PT ...
OT but related to arresting the " evil doers "
Police are disturbed by a student stunt encouraging people to ' arrest ’
US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and are warning of serious consequences for anyone who takes up the challenge .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... MarkH said on 7/24/2008 @ 6:46 pm PT ...
Brad IS da man !
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... FreedomOfInformationAct said on 7/24/2008 @ 8:35 pm PT ...
Is n't that a federal crime ?
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/24/2008 @ 9:00 pm PT ...
FOIA !
It 's almost to the point where it 's only remarkable when it is n't a Federal crime !
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Joan said on 7/24/2008 @ 9:10 pm PT ...
The MSM is naturally deferring to Brad on this story , as they should and must .
As a super double - secret agent , he deserves no less .
You are a hero and a patriot , Brad .
I 'll bet our georgie is polishing your Medal of Freedom as we speak , so to speak .
God knows you deserve it !
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Shawn said on 7/24/2008 @ 9:13 pm PT ...
Dang !
And just when I had convinced myself that government is our friend !
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 7/24/2008 @ 11:04 pm PT ...
Dear # 11 , only when within our Constitution !
Hey 99 , the link does n't work .
Can you believe this shit aint on msm for the trillionth time ?
{ Ed Note : I 'm assuming you meant Shawn 's page .
It 's fixed .
And , yes , I can believe this shit ain't on the fascist media for the trillionth time .
I got used to it at about the billionth time .
-- 99}
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/24/2008 @ 11:55 pm PT ...
OMG !
Joan !
Those medals from * are the kiss of death !
Turn around three times and spit , quick !
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 7/25/2008 @ 2:33 am PT ...
Karl Rove must be livid he has to deal with the silly Bradosphere !
The only real place to get a synopsis of the most important stories today !
True journalism !
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... FOIA / PA said on 7/25/2008 @ 3:49 am PT ...
Where is the FBI ?
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 7/25/2008 @ 4:41 am PT ...
It 's getting close to pitchfork time .
Motherfuckers better start holding Rat Fuckers accountable pretty soon .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 7/25/2008 @ 4:54 am PT ...
PS : I WISH I had a three prong pitchfork , but I currently only own a four prong .
I know , making funny on serious shit .
In my opinion , these Rat Fuckers are lucky they have n't been picked off one at a time already .
And that 's either something to say for the integrity of the American people , or something to say for propaganda , lies and blacklists of the fascist corporate media .
My country is hanging by a thread .
I think the stock market will crash really soon .
Say Sept .
If not Sept , then by Feb. 09 .
We just got raped by congress on FISA and any moment raped again on HR3221 -> Senate or whatever the fuck their shit is called now .
I am sick and fucking tired of writing our fucking rep's .
Each one has some candy ass FORM that can 's your shit into some stupid ass topic that is n't what your saying .
There 's not SINGLE BUTTON to all Senators SEND .
Email is considered DOGSHIT compared to FAX ( with it 's ack / nak ) , and it 's too expensive to SHOW UP EVERY FUCKING TIME !
They better PRAY , the American People do n't snap .
Fuck Martial Law , you think the COPS can stop ALL THE PEOPLE ?
This fucking government ...( cough , I do n't mean that ) this fucking Administration better get a fucking clue .
They are not some kind of GODS , and if they think they are they are going to end up being a DYING GOD .
( Research 13 ) I am fucking sick of this shit , they have destroyed EVERYTHING in less than eight years , and even at this moment I am sucking SMOKE AIR .
ENOUGH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 7/25/2008 @ 5:16 am PT ...
One last thought .
Cause I sucked my fucking 6 beers , and a fucking codine , and a pennicillian vk 500 down .
Bradblog is the most important website on this planet .
There are only a fucking hand full of us that SERIOUSLY TAKE our OATHS to this Country .
The psycho guy ( he is fucked ) from South America that said , " El Diablo , I still smell the Sulfur " was fucking spot on .
On that statement .
Wherever Bush goes he stains the holy ground .
When you WORK for the United States you do n't pull the shit that has been going on the last 7 years !
I see how they are jamming up different agencies at lower levels now .
What 's happening is a crime against humanity .
The dollar is worth http://stockcharts.com/c...mp;a=86621016&r=3325
That 's tracking four years , and the thing is that does n't represent the invisible PRINTING OF VAPOR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I currently do not WORK for the US Govt .
As regulars on the Bradblog know I am ex-USAF .
But just look at how they are fucking their own with the TSP !
( hint : another two hat wearing Bush appointee - SCREW governmentexecutive.com and their loyalist political propaganda .
It 's is RAPING MY FAMILY !!)
And you know what , when I loose everything , I am going to make someone pay .
So you better hope that does n't happen .
Because if that happens I will have NOTHING TO LOSE .
And since I pay attention I Know targets .
Back in the days I served in the USAF I swore a god damned " oath to protect the president "
This president reminds me of a fucking washed - out used car salesman from the 1970's .
It FEELS like the bastard has coated the Whitehouse with a bum four banger with a bad head 's stinky burnt grease .
I want that office CLEANSED from this vile shit .
And the integrity of this nation restored .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 7/25/2008 @ 5:17 am PT ...
Yank this fucking KARL ROVE 's fuckin Security Clearance !
ENOUGH IS ENOUGH !!
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 7/25/2008 @ 6:35 am PT ...
# 5 , that might explain the " Conelly Anomaly " , but first you have to be able to see ALL of the ballots .
Interesting point you have there .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 7/25/2008 @ 6:49 am PT ...
Ot , E * Trade baby does Scarface .
( put your drinks down ) Link
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... TomM said on 7/25/2008 @ 8:39 am PT ...
Term limits .
The Democrats in PA ( Bonus Gate - using 4 + million of tax payer dollars to get / stay elected - and screwed ) are as corrupt as the repubs in Ohio .
FYI : If your worried about being screwed - look at the fannyMay / FreddyMac bailout
That is going to cost us all a heck of alot , trillions ?
Inflation the hidden tax .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Mike said on 7/25/2008 @ 9:59 am PT ...
It used to be just the " Ass Fuckers " and other pervs were taking over the Whitehouse .
Now it 's the " Angry AssHoles " that are running America 's schools , churches and businesses into the grave .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Linda said on 7/25/2008 @ 10:25 am PT ...
Wow .
Brad , what a scoop .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Vet said on 7/25/2008 @ 10:31 am PT ...
I used to send faxes to members of the House of Representatives and the Senate .
Always civil , always on a single issue .
Never got a response .
Gave it up .
Now I live someplace else .
It 's better here .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Easterling said on 7/25/2008 @ 10:47 am PT ...
Mukaskey to prosecute KKKarla Rove !
Hah !
Google ' Mukasky 9/11 ' to paraphrase Johnny Rotten of Sex Pistols fame " ever get the feeling you 've been had ? "
Great piece Brad .
Thanks .
To bad it does not fit MSM reality script !
LIVE FREE OR DIE
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 7/25/2008 @ 10:51 am PT ...
I hope it 's for real .
Fisherman 's prayer : Lord give me grace to catch a fish so big
That I , when talking of it afterwards
May never need to lie .
Let 's hope it's the Big Catch and not The One That Got Away .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Michael said on 7/25/2008 @ 11:12 am PT ...
anonoman said on 7/24/2008 @ 6:16 pm PT :
The headline you chose is false , according to your story .
It should begin , " Hearsay : ... "
Hmmmm the headline states :
Rove Threatened GOP IT Guru If He Does Not ' Take the Fall ' for Election Fraud in Ohio , Says Attorney Anonoman please note it says at the end " Says Attorney " .
If this was left off then yes it would be hearsay .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Hank W said on 7/25/2008 @ 11:28 am PT ...
Election Fraud , yet another infringement on our rights by the gov't .
Add it to the ever - growing list of violations :
They violate the 1st Amendment by opening mail , caging demonstrators and banning books like America Deceived ( book ) from Amazon .
They violate the 2nd Amendment by confiscating guns during Katrina .
They violate the 4th Amendment by conducting warrant - less wiretaps .
They violate the 5th and 6th Amendment by suspending habeas corpus .
They violate the 8th Amendment by torturing .
They violate the entire Constitution by starting 2 illegal wars based on lies and on behalf of a foriegn gov't .
Support Dr. Ron Paul and save this great country .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Yubba said on 7/25/2008 @ 12:42 pm PT ...
Anonoman in Comment # 5 is within his rights to disbelieve this info , but he is not correct in asserting it as hearsay .
Hearsay is an out of court statement offered to prove the truth of the matter asserted .
Generally , hearsay is inadmissible in court , but numerous exceptions exist , so many that roughly 80 % of all hearsay can be admitted as evidence .
This threat might be considered hearsay if it were offered to show Rove was threatening Connell .
But if it were offered to show Connell felt threatened , it would be perfectly admissible as non-hearsay .
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... anonoman said on 7/25/2008 @ 2:20 pm PT ...
" Rove Threatened GOP IT Guru .... Says Attorney " is the title .
" We have been confidentially informed by a source we believe to be credible " is what Arnebeck writes .
If this is not Brad reporting hearsay , what is hearsay ?
I 'm not referring to the legal definition in a court admissibility hearing .
I 'm referring to the journalism .
Brad is reporting that an attorney said that someone said .
I 'm saying I do not have reason to believe the secret informant .
Why should I ? How Ohio votes were stolen is " hidden " in plain sight .
It has been clearly demonstrated .
Trying to point to new theory at this late date is rather absurd , especially when the theory is incongruous with the facts .
If there was a tabulator hack ( as the litigants seem to maintain pointing to the down - ticket anomalies ) , surely the hacker would not have created the down - ticket anomalies .
The evidence points to ballot - switching .
Ballot switching was the easiest way to steal Ohio elections , too easy in hindsight !!
Why not investigate the Occam 's razor option first ?
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... LanceThruster said on 7/25/2008 @ 2:37 pm PT ...
Un-f*cking - believabe !.
Well , actually , totally f*cking believable considering the bottom feeders we 're talking about here .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Morgan said on 7/25/2008 @ 2:59 pm PT ...
Do n't even get me started on the Supreme Court .
and they just ruled that the roadblocks on the Interstate in Arizona are legal ( even though they are using drug dogs )
The most corrupt dept in the gov is the Justice Dept , followed closely by the Labor Dept .
Forth circuit is obviously just a rubber stamp , and now they are destroying all the evidence at the White House .
If we do n't impeach , GW is going to pardon all his buddies .
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... fubar said on 7/25/2008 @ 2:59 pm PT ...
Number 17 ( Phil ) I 'm with you .
I have written and called my reps here in Ohio , not to mention others .
Including and not limited to our gutless speaker of the house and I am disgusted with their total lack of interest .
I will never give up , but how long can you hang in when you know they all clearly could n't care less about their constituents and the rule of law ?
Btw , I hope Rove is prosecuted and put in Supermax .
He is a traitor .
He needs to be with the other scumbags that are threats to this country and that is the best place for him .
Also , he could fill in George and Dick and let them know what their cells will look like once the congress gets a spine and impeaches and imprisons those mf'ers .
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... newbroom said on 7/25/2008 @ 3:07 pm PT ...
to the installation of the currently - used Congressional computer network firewall .
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... yvonne said on 7/25/2008 @ 4:32 pm PT ...
# 31 : " Hearsay " IS a legal term relative to the rules of evidence in a COURT OF LAW , and yes , it is inadmissible for the purposes of establishing fact .
However , this is n't a " he said , she said he said " thing , okay .
And the Brad Blog 's purpose is not to establish legal authority or fact -- thats for the courts to decide -- but to REPORT this information to we the people .
" ... Arnebeck could not publicly reveal specific details of the information that triggered his concern about the threats to Connell ....
We have been confidentially informed by a source we believe to be credible .... "
This article is more about WHY Arnebeck is seeking protection for his client , and that at this time , the " credible source " must remain anonymous due to the seriousness of the threat .
THANKS BRAD FOR GOOD REPORTING !
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Dan said on 7/25/2008 @ 4:43 pm PT ...
Fake .
The AskDOJ email address is a public address on the DOJ 's web site ; it most certainly does n't go to Mukasey .
Also , lawyers send important information on paper via courier .
Always .
The first page will say " By HAND " under the date line , and it 's literal .
Sorry , but this email is a phony .
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Joan said on 7/25/2008 @ 5:00 pm PT ...
Re # 13 ,
Do n't be silly , 99 ... as a super double - secret agent ( or is it double super - secret agent ? )
Brad has access to the zillions of super - nifty toys in the Agency 's arsenal !
A good thing , too , because Jeeezus !
these people are double super - disgraceful excuses for human beings .
But you know that )
SO GO GET 'EM , BRAD !!
( I did spin & spit , though , just to be on the safe side )
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 7/25/2008 @ 5:00 pm PT ...
Dan , I 've been holding my judgment on this too , so far some of it seems not right to me .
I 'm not holding my breath .
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/25/2008 @ 5:18 pm PT ...
Well , yes , Joan , he is getting the knack of super double - secret sleuthing , starting to really be able to separate the K.A.O.S. agents from the rabble .
We may try to recruit him for C.O.N.T.R.O.L. if he keeps it up .
Issue him his own shoe phone and maybe even fix the cone of silence ....
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... yvonne said on 7/25/2008 @ 6:09 pm PT ...
# 37 : Email ???
Are you suggesting that Arnebeck 's email to Mukasey is somehow fraudulent ???
LOL !!
If so , that 's pretty damn desparate of you -- not to mention downright irrational .
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... ROBinDALLAS said on 7/25/2008 @ 6:29 pm PT ...
Rove will go down , one way or another .
When he does , we will see what kind of tough talk will fall from his quivering lips .
To offset the cost of his incarceration they should put a webcam in his cell so we could watch what happens to him in prison .
Brad , you are my hero !
Keep up the good work !
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... jjandi said on 7/25/2008 @ 6:42 pm PT ...
It could probably be shown by fact 's and figure 's that there is no distinctly American criminal class exept congress .
... Mark Twain ...
If we really want to take back America , we need to vote out all incumbent's .
Rhett Bushler and Scarlet O'Laura will soon be gone with the wind .
Me
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... yvonne said on 7/25/2008 @ 6:48 pm PT ...
# 37 : Also , attorneys generally utilize courier services to comply with the court 's requirement of " proof of service " of legal documuments relative to a case , such as subpoenas , complaints , notices , motions , declarations / affidavits -- anything that is going to be filed with the court , or compels attendance of a party or witness to a legal proceeding , such as a deposition , court hearing , etc . .
This proof of service can also be in the form of an affidavit or declaration of service by mail .
There is no requirement for proof of service of this email .
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... socrates said on 7/25/2008 @ 7:43 pm PT ...
This is Wayne Madsen for the rich man .
I finally looked into the Clint Curtis story .
There were no electronic voting machines when he alleges Feeney wanted him to write cheat codes .
Did we ever see the polygraph transcript ?
Did we ever see the police report for the shot dog ?
Anyone ever check out Curtis and see he is a conservative ?
It 's the same with Brad .
I do n't mind Bev Harris being a conservative , because she has never feigned otherwise , unlike the person running this place .
But the truth seeps through after a while .
This place is a strawman .
It can now be tied to Michael Rivero through the Progressive Independent 's ties to Velvet Revolution .
Search engine for Brett Kimberlin .
Why no story on him , Brad ?
You do n't want your readers to know you are partners with a bomber and admitted drug dealer ?
He even had his own little tinfoil 15 minutes of fame when he said he used to deal pot to Dan Quayle .
It 's funny what folks can miss , when they are too busy hoping to have found a real hero to lean on .
Do n't you see , good people ?
Brad - Agent99 - Tinoire - Wayne Madsen - Michael Rivero = part of that zany unsubstantiated blogosphere , with plenty of limited hangouts available .
The most telling to me is how Brad never stuck up for Bev Harris at the Democratic Underground .
He could have put a stop to that but did n't .
Now Larissa RawStory is throwing snide comments at Bev Harris .
Something do n't smell right .
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... PrissyPatriot said on 7/25/2008 @ 8:08 pm PT ...
Cliff keep fighting the good fight , we 've got your back !
If that " guru " takes the fall , he is a fool .
Rover has more crimes against him than Al Capone ever considered ..
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... Igor said on 7/25/2008 @ 8:20 pm PT ...
LOL !
What 's it going to be , Karl ?
A pistol in the mouth or a cock in the ass ?
It 's your choice , fat boy -- and for us , it 's just FUN TO WATCH !
Welcome to hell ... you 're home !
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... Paul said on 7/25/2008 @ 9:00 pm PT ...
SSSSuhhh - WEEEEEEEET .
Finally the crows are starting to roost on his ugly head and poop on him .
This is just so sweet .
Hope it 's true , and hope he does have to choose between the options in # 47 .
Except I hope he never gets to the first one and gets to be somebody 's bitch in jail
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... ROBinDALLAS said on 7/25/2008 @ 9:09 pm PT ...
Caveat from US history :
The FBI 's CointelPro included systematic disinformation and instigation of infighting among the Black Panthers and their allied groups .
They were successful in getting certain members to distrust other members by planting bogus letters and evidence .
They successfully created internal dissension .
The results were tragic .
Divide and Conquer ?
COMMENT # 50 [ Permalink ]
... GWN said on 7/25/2008 @ 9:14 pm PT ...
Time for a BIG distraction .
What will it be ?
COMMENT # 51 [ Permalink ]
... Dana said on 7/25/2008 @ 9:51 pm PT ...
Fuck Rove , who the hell does he think he is ?
Someone needs to throw his fat ass in prison where it should have been a long time ago !
COMMENT # 52 [ Permalink ]
... Byron said on 7/25/2008 @ 10:58 pm PT ...
May the facists in the WH enjoy the fate of Mussolini .
COMMENT # 53 [ Permalink ]
... Nick said on 7/26/2008 @ 12:36 am PT ...
I just hope vigilantes do n't get any wild ideas that could endanger this wonderful man .
COMMENT # 54 [ Permalink ]
... Bostonian Queer in Dallas said on 7/26/2008 @ 2:33 am PT ...
When is someone going to take this fat fuck down ?
How in hell did we ever get to this place in this once glorious nation ?
That a nerdy , fat , ugly piece of shit should wield such power ?
COMMENT # 55 [ Permalink ]
... plunger said on 7/26/2008 @ 2:44 am PT ...
For those who have yet to read through all of the crimes of Karl Rove , in context , read all of this : http://plungerspeaks.blogspot.com
COMMENT # 56 [ Permalink ]
... TEDEGER said on 7/26/2008 @ 4:00 am PT ...
What have all you guys got against Federal Prisons ?
Sending Turd Blossom to one of them would degrade its population .
The ONLY place for him is GITMO !
A session or two on the waterboard might make him a little human .
COMMENT # 57 [ Permalink ]
... makesenseofit said on 7/26/2008 @ 5:54 am PT ...
Karl has a mental problem .
Such that when he was in high school he was afraid or at least not so sure he would get beat up on the bus .
Usually young men who are mentally damaged by this experience become police officers and at times become members of position and control .
I think Karl fits this description .
An opinion gone arrye ... and found George , the person through whom he lived his power base and the way he was able to have control and power .
He did whatever it took to get that person in the position of power ... whether it be through intimidation , corruption manipulation etc ....
COMMENT # 58 [ Permalink ]
... ratface said on 7/26/2008 @ 6:28 am PT ...
Karl should be put away , we all know he has done much of the crooked stuff this administration is famous for .
I would like him to be put in the square and all of us allowed our whack at him , Bush and Cheney included .
COMMENT # 59 [ Permalink ]
... lthuedk said on 7/26/2008 @ 10:07 am PT ...
Why do fascists hate themselves so ?
http://www.light-to-dark...erican_fascist_mind.html
- thanks for the link , plunger .
COMMENT # 60 [ Permalink ]
... Henry said on 7/26/2008 @ 11:07 am PT ...
Great story brad !
Will karl Rove , Harriet myers , and josh bolton ; ever answer the congressional subpoena's ?
what will we tell the children ?
why some people must report to answer A subpoena and others do not ?
COMMENT # 61 [ Permalink ]
... Dan said on 7/26/2008 @ 11:23 am PT ...
re : # 41 & # 44
Yvonne : he does n't identify his firm or office , he 's using an email address that likely goes to some webmaster , and it 's common practice for attorneys to use courier services for anything sensitive , not just related to cases already filed ; for example , in this purported email he makes reference to being " confidentially informed , " which would be absurd , not to mention unprofessional , to send via email to a mystery address .
At worst it could 've been mailed to the attention of the Attorney General or , as is also common , faxed .
There 's also another way to share information with a particular person : call them on the phone .
And perhaps if you can't get the Attorney General , you 'll get someone who can help you send information properly .
COMMENT # 62 [ Permalink ]
... david porter said on 7/26/2008 @ 11:35 am PT ...
Good luck getting " Rove 's e-mails from the White House to the Justice Department , the FBI , the Pentagon , Congress and various federal regulatory agencies ... "
Former Lobbyist Pleads Guilty to Trying to Destroy Evidence Cecelia Grimes , 43 , admitted that she threw out documents sought by FBI agents shortly after they visited her home ... admitted that she put her BlackBerry email device in a trash can near a fast - food restaurant to prevent FBI agents from reviewing some of her emails .
http://www.washingtonpos...4.html?hpid=sec-politics
COMMENT # 63 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 7/26/2008 @ 12:05 pm PT ...
Socrates @ # 45 : Your posts are just getting more and more absurd , and more and more of a waste of time , but it 's your time , and if you wish to waste it on your fantasies , that 's up to you .
It is annoying , however , when you continue to hijack threads with nonsense like this : I finally looked into the Clint Curtis story .
There were no electronic voting machines when he alleges Feeney wanted him to write cheat codes .
I guess you did n't " finally looked " hard enough before coming here to hijack the thread with nonsense , and already discredited Tom Feeney talking points .
Here 's a bit of help for you in reply to the above .
Beyond that , not gonna bother with the rest of your silly comment , other than to suggest that just because you have been unable to find what you 're looking for , does n't mean it does n't exist .
Just means that you have n't done much due - diligence in order to find it .
I 've tried to be patient with you , Socrates , but I admit that even as your posts are becoming more and more amusing in their ridiculousness , my patience for this stuff is really beginning to wear out .
K ?
COMMENT # 64 [ Permalink ]
... lthuedk said on 7/26/2008 @ 1:19 pm PT ...
Rove , hard drives
http://www.light-to-dark..._whats_a_hard_drive.html
COMMENT # 65 [ Permalink ]
... PatriotAct said on 7/26/2008 @ 3:27 pm PT ...
They are all crooks , we are all suckers .
COMMENT # 66 [ Permalink ]
... PatriotAct said on 7/26/2008 @ 3:54 pm PT ...
If Rove is aware of this woman 's violations of laws regarding lobbying and failed to report this then he is in Misprision of felony , a common position for those scrutinized with Kucinich 's articles of impeachment .
Rove may have committed a felony by hiding this woman 's potentially illegal conduct .
Rove 's attempt to intimidate is done with an act of collusion implicit in the woman 's potential crimes and Rove 's failure to provide information to authorities on this crime .
Rove is a co-conspirator with the woman to hide her crimes , wether he knows her or acted with her .
He is guilty after the fact as a conspirator within the scope of her crime by interfering with justice to obfuscate and hide her crime , through his inaction .
All of us here on this blog may be observing a felony violation of the USA Patriot Act .
Allow me an explanation .
Tampering directly with an investigation by coercing witnesses with threats , when the matter being investigated is a matter of national security as important as our free elections is in my opinion an attempt to intimidate proponents of free elections with color of law prosecution that is borne from Misprision of Felony , it is unamerican , it is a felony violation of the USA Patriot Act .
Any conspiracy using intimidation to damage the system of free elections in the United States of America is a violation of the USA Patriot Act.
Karl Rove has committed a felony violation of the USA Patriot Act by using intimidation and threat to affect the integrity of free elections in the United States of America .
Prosecute Karl Rove with USA Patriot Act felony violations .
COMMENT # 67 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 7/26/2008 @ 4:05 pm PT ...
" Wonderful man " ?
Nick , I think you are delusional .
In the end , he will take his own life , because that is the kind of pussy he is .
I certainly would n't want to wish this apon anyone , but it 's not my fault if he 's a egocentric pussy who would n't be able to handle the legal proceedings sure to happen soon .
COMMENT # 68 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 7/26/2008 @ 4:07 pm PT ...
BTW I would prefer him sitting in prison .
COMMENT #69 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 7/26/2008 @ 7:09 pm PT ...
Socrates .
Socrates .
Socrates .
But not the real philosopher names Socrates OF COURSE who challenged people in his time to question to status que definitions of ideals and words accepted as the norm .
Your post clearly states your inadequate investigations of the Clint Curtis vote rigging scandal .
That 's makes the allegations of your post both disinformation and propaganda .
Later you try to make some BS remark about Brad not sticking up for Bev ?
Yo !
Shit for brains .
You hijacked the name of 1 of the greatest Grecian philosophers in history to talk out your fcking ace ?
It 's people like you who steal credibility from the quote blogosphere telling lies trying to create controversy .
I suggest you change your name to avoid diminishing the value of the famous thinker who's QUALITIES YOU DO NOT POSSESS .
How bout something more fitting like fcking dog vomit or Rove 's ace wipe ?
Not to offend anyone else , i'm just trying to help you out .
{ Ed. Note : Grizz , dude , please , I know you 're annoyed , and certainly no more than I , but honestly , you know the rules .
No personal attacks .
I 'm really going to have to ask you to stop that .
Thank you in advance for your coöperation .
-- 99}
COMMENT # 70 [ Permalink ]
... nightslider said on 7/27/2008 @ 12:12 am PT ...
AW how Rovian can we get , and the languge used here , thought I had passed the local choir for disharmony on skid ave .
Really folkes
The vestibule of shit that walks around on two legs will be all the happier when he is convicted for his many transgressions , and that day of reckoning is slowly coming , at some point Busah will not be abel to protect this worm , he cam pardon him before the fact for FEDERAL CRIMES but not state crimes , those are the purview of the states rights .
I will be one of the many holding pom poms when the son of a beitch hears the bars of the Iron bar hotel close on his ass , I know he 'll develop rectum tightus real quick , once released in to the general population .
COMMENT # 71 [ Permalink ]
... socrates said on 7/27/2008 @ 5:02 am PT ...
Nice ad hominems by Brad .
Do I care ?
No .
It 's typical of the zeitgeist crew .
Hey Grizzly Bear , same to you .
People can go through the DU archives and see Bev Harris get ripped apart by paid fakes , and Brad did nothing to defend her .
So the Clint Curtis story adds up due to circular reasoning .
Great .
Thanks for that .
Then the fake moderator chimes in as if she is fair .
Ha !
To the newbies and fence - sitters , these people deep down hate liberals and progressives .
I guess I should n't have been too surprised when Brad finally got tied to Mike Rivero through the Velvet Revolution .
Good people , search engine Brett Kimberlin , Brad 's partner .
He 's quite the scumbag .
These people are painting the internet a certain way .
This whole place is compromised .
The fish rots from the head down .
COMMENT # 72 [ Permalink ]
... Paladin must go said on 7/27/2008 @ 5:51 am PT ...
For A QUICK RECAP OF THE FACTS IN THIS STORY
The place to start is here : { Ed Note :
No link was here , Pmg. -- 99 }
At first glance , it 's rather complicated , but as you read the turn of events , the story truly comes in focus and appears to have serious legs .
It 's easy to get distracted but if you keep your eye on the ball the following facts are beyond question :
1 . The original civil suit started started by Arenebeck was stayed after the 2006 election so that the parties might come together and fix the problem in settlement .
2 . The Ohio Attorney General later asked that all of the ballots from the 2004 election be brought to her office so they might be preserved in one place after having earlier , prior to the stay , requested formally that each of the 88 precincts preserve all ballots .
3 . A large majority of these precincts reported back to the AG that the ballots were missing .
4 . AG gets pissed off .
5 . Arnebeck sends all of his evidence regarding the destruction of ballots reflecting the cavalier attitude of the operatives who were in charge of preserving the ballots .
6 . AG gets really pissed off and decides to begin " criminal contempt " proceedings , and asks Arnebeck , " Who do you believe I should indict ? "
7 . Arnebeck requests that the AG give him time to have the stay removed in the civil case so that he may conduct proper discovery which will then lead to an answer as to who the AG should prosecute .
This would save the limited resources of the AG 's office to focus on actually prosecuting the criminals instead of a broad grand jury investigation .
8 . AG agrees and Arnebeck sends motion to lift the stay to the Judge in this case citing new evidence .
9 . Arnebeck gives press conference where he introduces his key expert witness , a man who has worked with the Secret Service and other Government agencies on bank and wire fraud .
Let 's call him " the spoon " .
The spoon just happens to be a very serious son of a bitch , one of these tech nerds who is like Wyatt Earp mixed with Eliot Ness but on the IT frontier .
He writes the software that keeps our checking / credit accounts safe from the banditos and has alot of experience helping the FEDS track bad guys down .
10 . The Spoon tells those at the presser , including an AP rep , that form what he has seen , there was a very clear technical line of evidence proving that votes were switched and fraud took place stealing the 2004 election .
And the spoon is not shy about it .
He cites evidence and makes a strong case .
11 . The spoon has worked with Mike Connell and says Mike Connell was simply the guy who designed the systems which brought the electronic tallies into various cyber places where they were able to be hijakced by cloak and dagger tech operatives but that Connel is not the villain .
The Spoon says Connel was doing a straight job and that there are banditos at the other end who then took Connell 's legit work and hacked it .
12 . The Spoon believes he can prove this .
See the press conference here : { Ed Note :
No link was here , Pmg. -- 99} 13 .
Following this very interesting and , for the villains , frightening press conference , Rove allegedly tells Connell he must fall on his sword so the triple chinned Jaba the hut with glasses can continue to east salmon almondine and act like a playah doing his GOP strut for the good of the whitest richest wasps on the planet or Rove will have Connell 's wife prosecuted for lobbying violations .
14 . Somehow , and we dont have the facts on this part , the story gets out Connell was threatened .
15 . Arnebeck requests immunity and protection for Connell and his wife , sends letters to Mukasey , Conyers Kucinich etc .
Bear in mind , that just because Rove makes a threat , does n't mean Connell 's wife broke any laws .
Rove is capable of anything .
It 's also not been proved that Connell was threatened by Rove .
We have seen no evidence of that as of yet .
So , this appears to be the most interesting story in the blogosphere right now , and what makes it particularly fascinating is that there may be a technological trail already in the hands of the spoon .
THE SPOON IS ONE BAD ASS MOFO .
AND IF HE HAS THE GOODS ON ROVE'S TECH CRONIES THEY ARE IN DEEP SHIT .
If the spoon and Connell get alone in the same room ... well Rove is not going to be happy about it .
It 's popcorn time again .
One can only hope this is n't some elaborate Rovian smokescreen to hide some other stinky poo ....
But The Spoon gives me hope .
Brad , this is the most important story you 've ever worked on .
Stay focussed .
This is it .
COMMENT # 73 [ Permalink ]
... socrates said on 7/27/2008 @ 4:02 pm PT ...
I 'll apologize for my last comment .
This could be my last or second to last post .
It 's been a good run , but it 's obviously time to go .
I did see Brad sticking up for Bev Harris in one thread against David " Kelvin Mace " Allen , her ex-publisher .
All roads appear to be leading to Brett Kimberlin .
I will post about this at my blog in either the public forum or the astroturfing section .
COMMENT # 74 [ Permalink ]
... Corey Mondello said on 7/28/2008 @ 2:58 am PT ...
" Connell and his firm are currently employed by the John McCain campaign , as well as the RNC and other Republican and so - called " faith - based " organizations . "
That in itself would motivate me to pat Karl Rove on the back to get this man removed from politics indefinately !
Corey Mondello
Boston , Massachusetts
7-28-08
www.CoreyMondello.com
COMMENT # 75 [ Permalink ]
... FreedomOfInformationAct said on 7/29/2008 @ 8:50 am PT ...
So , when can we expect the incarceration of the turdblossom ?
Anyday now .
COMMENT # 76 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 7/29/2008 @ 3:41 pm PT ...
To Socrates : i'm sure you think of yourself as a reasonable person who stands behind his words .
Unfortunately , i am a person who happens to be American with an average intellect who is not happy with the flagerant above the law destructive loser criminals running the hen house here in new Imperalist America .
Actually it cuts a little deeper than that because of my knowledge and understanding about the manipulation of the US mass media by the big money 1 %ers and their use of the # 1 military - industrial complex to execute their will and their wars upon this republic .
That forces me as an American citizen to bear some of the responsibility .
With exception of the insults , i stand with my words about your post .
The Rovian Executive branch absorbed powers formerly prescribed to the Legislative branch .
With few notable exceptions , the 109th - 110th Congress has voted amongst themselves to stop representing the American people as well as sherking their Congressional Constitutional oath by acting as accomplices to the puppet Bush - Cheney takeover .
The few independent voices of reason on the issue of US elections and the state of affairs such as Mr. Brad Friedman's , and Ms. Bev Harris for example are as important as breathing .
Nobody 's perfect but old school investigative journalists in the field of election integrity are people to be respected BASED ON THEIR WORK .
I am so sick of these treasonous losers like Carl Rove who rule as aggressive thugs and continue to have a choker leash on the American people .
Only in this current scenario could they still remain in power .
I want to destroy them with my words but with a more direct style based on facts and truth than your passive aggressive propaganda hit attempted at post 45 .
By allowing this Executive branch to remain in power unchecked and uninvestigated for their election thefts , 9 - 11 false flag war games , numerous high crimes , misdemeanors , and an endless murderous reign of terror , a dangerous president is set against the survival of the American people , world people , and world species .
This must be acknowledged and somehow .. somehow corrected .
GBD
COMMENT # 77 [ Permalink ]
... MsSwin said on 7/30/2008 @ 1:37 pm PT ...
You guys worked hard to bring this important matter to the attention of the media and presented it , discussed it in way all could understand .
Your work in this regard is very much appreciated by voters not just in Ohio , but everywhere .
You may enjoy a bit of humor while you sit back and give yourselves a well deserved pat on the backs
Thank you .
* * * Coming to your local political theater SOON !
ROVE ROLLS , HE TALKS , HE WALKS {Ed Note :
Thank you very much , MsSwin !
And bless your heart , but please read our commenting rules .
-- 99}
COMMENT # 78 [ Permalink ]
... bob said on 8/7/2008 @ 1:12 am PT ...
yeah hmmn ok lets see now !
so a gvt institution overseen by the rethugs is supposed to issue halt and stay notices to rethug related groups about anything that might lead to evidence of their wrongdoing in these contested past elections in which any dipshit can smell the fix .
thats like first leaking to the press that the da believes the gambinos are engaged in nafarious activities and that they and anybody that does business with them needs to freeze any evidence that may prove that point .
what would that sound like --
Dear carlo please hand over and do not touch any of your accounting concerning the following activities - prostitution - gambling - narcotics - hired hits - extortion and any other rackets you may be engaged in .
ps and if you dont we - we are going to be real mad .
Hello earth to AG or should i say consigueliare .
like any of those people are going to comply .
Like tony soprano is going to rack his brain to find and dig up all those dead bodies .
talk about being in the game people .
you got to bust in on these people and lay down the law like a drug bust , you 're about as likely to get any evidence let alone a high level conviction or breaking a major case as paris hilton is to win the clean and jerk contest at the olympics .
or howdy duty topping the hiphop charts .
Its over its done the rethug syndicate is in high gear coverup way ahead of the game already
good luck !
COMMENT # 79 [ Permalink ]
... edward said on 8/25/2008 @ 3:15 pm PT ...
Miguel de Icaza has criticized plans for the next GNU Gnome cross-platform environment that risks damaging the Linux desktop ISV ecosystem by focusing on the Mac .
De Icaza , leading the Mono and Moonlight cross-platform .NET projects at Novell , has warned a " new crop " of developers pushing plans for Gtk+ 3 risk " throwing away years of work " on Gtk + .
They 're also failing to recognize the value of having an ISV ecosystem working to put Gnome on Linux .
Gtk+ is the tool set for building the Gnome graphical user interface , with version three the next planned major update .
According to de Icaza , developers working for Gtk+ specialist Imendio pushing the proposal have " given up on the Linux / Gnome desktop . "
Having switched to Apple 's OS X as their main desktop , they are focused on source code compiling to Macs with some changes , instead .
OS X has seen growing uptake among developers , and Apple has enjoyed a resurgence as a laptop and desktop system at Windows Vista 's expense .
Linux on the desktop remains , as ever , stuck somewhere in the distant future .
De Icaza is the biggest and highest profile voice so far to complain publicly about the proposed toolkit changes , here and here .
He expressed concerns following recent Gnome developer and user conferences in Germany and Turkey , where Imendio has presented its proposal ( warning : PDF ) to the community .
Imendio has advocated breaking the Gtk application programming and application binary interfaces every five years , removing " deprecated " code each five years starting with GTK +
3.0 , in what appears to be an attempt to reduce the size of Gnome , and hiding public structured fields - a move that could potentially allow for easier versioning while maintaining binary compatibility .
While de Icaza has said he's not against breaking the API , he 's concerned the Imendio team has not provided a roadmap to justify breakage beyond simply talking about new - but unspecified - future features .
He also expressed concern about what appeared to be a lack of participation in Gtk+ discussions by users and developers working with Gtk+ .
That includes his employer Novell , Red Hat , Adobe Systems and VMware , among others .
De Icaza has called for a clear roadmap over a " wait and see " approach with input from others , working code before breaking the API , and a clear transition from the current 2.x generation of Gtk+ to version 3.0 . ®
After sharing so many of your interview stories , I thought it was finally time that I ’d share a couple of my own …
Finally !
Back in the .NET 1.0 days , I interviewed for a contract position at a certain large insurance company around here .
It was a technical interview with two senior - level developers .
After I finished answering a softball question about how Try - Catch blocks work , one of the interviewers followed up with a question about Finally blocks .
“ A Finally is placed after a Try or Try - Catch block , ” I answered , “ and will execute , in most circumstances , regardless of any executions that occ – ”
“ Actually , ” the interviewer interrupted , “ code within a Finally block is guaranteed to execute . ”
“ Err , ” I replied , “ yes – but , there are some situations that cause that code to not be — ”
“ Nope , ” the other interviewer quipped , “ that ’s the whole point of Finally blocks ! ”
“ Well , ” I tried to explain further , “ not always .
A simple example is a stack overflow exception , but it can happen other times , especially in multi- threaded appli — ”
“ Alex , ” the interviewer sternly jumped in , “ read the documentation .
You ’re wrong here . ”
“ Okay … but , let ’s say something catastrophic happens , like the process is terminated . ”
“ Uh-uh , ” he smirked , “ actually , the CLR handles that through process marshalling .
Can we move on now ? ”
“ All right , ” I sighed .
As tempting as it was to ask him to describe the just - made - up concept of process marshaling , I decided to concede .
And just at that moment , I thought of the perfect rebuttal .
“ But what if you just , say , pull the plug ?
A Finally block wo n’t execute when the computer is turned off ! ”
I expected the developers to jump back and chastise me for an “ unreasonable scenario . ”
But instead , their faces turned bright white .
They slowly turned to look at each other .
It was clear that they made the same mistake that many before them had made : believing Try - Finally to be as infallible as things like database transactions .
“ And … umm … ” I said slowly , breaking the awkward silence , “ that ’s why … you should … never put critical … business transaction code in finally blocks . ”
The interview ended shortly after that .
They did end up offering me the job , but I decided to pursue another opportunity .
The “ Qualified ” Candidate
Several years back , I was responsible for interviewing all of the “ qualified ” candidates that had applied for an opening in my group .
“ Qualified ” was the status given by human resources and indicated that an individual had applied for the position in the “ open application ” period , had been pre-screened by an HR generalist , and had all of the “ minimum qualifications ” as set forth in the job description .
For the opening , we had a total of one “ qualified ” candidate .
Her name was Min .
Min ’s resume looked fairly decent , aside from a few minor typos ( DCMO instead of DCOM , Visual Basics 6 , etc ) and a few minor impossibilities ( Oracle T - SQL and Microsoft Solaris ) .
I had seen far worse and figured , with the language barrier and all , I ’d give her the benefit of the doubt .
“ I see on your résumé that you were a VB6 programmer at your last job , ” I asked in the interview , “ can you give me an idea of your day - to - day ? ”
“ Mostly , ” Min replied , “ I tested , and make sure our program did not crash . ”
“ Oh , ” I said , “ so , like unit - testing with VB ? ”
“ Actually , ” she clarified , “ I did not use VB .
Just our program .
But , program was written in VB . ”
It did n’t take me too long after that to figure out that Min had never actually used Visual Basic .
Or C ++.
Or , really , any other programming language .
“ Min , ” I questioned , “ why would put all these skills and technologies on your résumé if you ’ve never used them ? ”
“ I figure , ” she responded , “ I would get interview this way .
Then , maybe , job . ”
Human Resources was a bit peeved that my group was so “ picky ” with our candidates ad rejected all of the qualified candidates ( read : one ) that they had sent over .
After a bit of cajoling , they opened the position back up for applications .
A couple months later , on a visit to a meeting in an entirely different department , I ran into Min again .
Apparently , she had been hired as a VB programmer for another group .
Some people can read instructions on how to do things and can immediately go out and do them without any problems .
But others need to see things done before they fully grasp how to do them .
This is fine if you know someone who can show you how to do things , but if you do n't , it 's a little harder .
Enter the video tutorial .
It shows you right on your computer screen how to do just about anything you want .
Here are 10 that show you the basics of web design , from some basic PHP to creating your first website to creating WordPress themes .
Building Your First Web Page by Hand -
This is a basic tutorial on coding a web site completely by hand using a text editor .
Killer PHP Video Tutorials for Web Designers -
This site offers a bunch of free video tutorials covering PHP from start to finish , including Writing Your First PHP Script , PHP Loops , and more .
Creatin ' CSS Layouts in Dreamweaver -
This is the first video in a three - part series on working with CSS in Dreamweaver .
How to Turn any Web Template into a WordPress Theme -
This tutorial is aimed at non-geeks who are design challenged , and is a great thing to learn if you ever work with WordPress .
Easy Setup of Login , Registration and Password Protected Areas on Your Website - This PHP tutorial covers exactly what the title says .
The script created will allow a user to register , log in and out , change their password , and retrieve a forgotten password .
Introduction to Microsoft Expression Web : Understanding CSS -
This video tutorial is part of a series on Microsoft Expression Web and shows how to work with CSS in that environment .
How to Add Navigation Menu Buttons to Your Website with Nvu -
This tutorial shows how to add navigation elements if you 're using Nvu , a free web design program .
Building Your First Webpage -
This tutorial from Utah State University is a basic overview for anyone who 's never built a webpage before .
Tubetorial Archives -
This archive has tons of videos on HTML , blogging , WordPress , Yahoo !
Pipes , building a profitable site , and more .
How to Build a Web Page -
This tutorial is perfect for someone new to HTML who wants to build their own site .
Julian Assange purports
Wikileaks is just getting started despite worldwide scandal .
Courtesy of Wikileaks
When online troublemaker Julian Assange co-founded Wikileaks , the net 's premiere document - leaking site last year , some were skeptical that the service would produce anything of interest .
Now , after 18 months of publishing government , industry and military secrets that have sparked international scandals , led to takedown threats and briefly gotten the site banned in the United States , Assange says Wikileaks is just getting started changing the world .
" In every negotiation , in every planning meeting and in every workplace dispute , a perception is slowly forming that the public interest may have a silent advocate in the room , " Assange writes .
Launched in January 2007 , Wikileaks was conceived as a safe place for whistle - blowers to reveal their secrets to the world .
Today , nobody doubts that the site has had an enormous impact – much of it good .
But critics charge that Wikileaks ' hands - off policy of publishing nearly everything that comes its way has turned the site into a free - for - all .
The U.S. military has decried Wikileaks as " irresponsible " for publishing classified information , and even critics of government secrecy have railed against the site 's publication of secrets that have no obvious news value , and potentially harm some individuals ' privacy .
" That is a threat to the fabric of our society , which is based on the rule of law , and they are saying there is no law , " says Steven Aftergood , head of the Federation of American Scientists ' Secrecy Project .
The site started off with a bang .
It 's first disclosure – published even before its official launch – was a suppressed report on the looting of the African nation of Kenya by former president Daniel Arap Moi , a leak that led to an upset in Kenya 's presidential election .
Then in November 2007 , Wikileaks published never - before - seen operating manuals for the U.S. detention facility at Guantanamo Bay , revealing that the United States had a policy for hiding some detainees from the International Red Cross , and used dogs to intimidate prisoners .
The same month , the site published lists of U.S. munitions in Iraq , including stores of banned chemical weapons .
Documents leaked from the Swiss bank Julius Baer in January strongly hinted that some customers were engaged in widespread money laundering .
In February , the site published the Pentagon 's 2005 rules of engagement for troops in Iraq , revealing that troops were authorized to pursue former officials in Saddam Hussein 's government , as well as terrorists , into neighboring Iran and Syria .
The document was classified " secret " , meaning that in the eyes of the military , its release could be expected to cause " serious damage " to U.S. national security .
The world 's governments and press have taken notice .
The New York Times reported on the rules of engagement leak , and the Iranian government held a press conference to warn the United States about crossing its border .
The Washington Post reported on the Guantanamo documents , forcing the Pentagon to respond .
More controversially , the site has begun posting confidential documents from the secretive and litigious Church of Scientology , and from the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints .
Those leaks demonstrate that the site has veered from its mission to expose the secrets of repressive governments , says Aftergood , treading instead on the dangerous ground of religious persecution .
" They are close to becoming the oppressors that they claim to oppose , " Aftergood says .
" People ought to be free to practice their religious beliefs no matter how peculiar they are , in privacy and without harassment , and the Wikileaks folks seem not to understand that . "
" They think all secrecy is an evil to be opposed and that is just a juvenile point of view , " he adds .
Other Wikileaks documents sometimes seem to lack any news value at all .
For instance , Wikileaks critics questioned why a site intended to bring sunshine to non-democratic countries published an earlier version of the movie script for Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull .
Others questioned Wikileaks ' decision to publish a tax bill for Wesley Snipes that included his Social Security number .
Wikileaks also published a classified operating manual for the U.S. military 's guided bombs known as the Joint Direct Attack Munitions or JDAM that included information on its known weaknesses .
No news organizations picked up on the manual , but Wikileaks ' watchers certainly took notice of its publication .
Aftergood , for one , found it irresponsible .
" Are there military technologies that warrant protection against disclosure ?
My view is , and the Federation of American Scientists ' view is , obviously yes , and there are things we withhold even though they are technically unclassified , " Aftergood says .
" I think they display atrocious editorial judgment . "
Assange , one of the site 's original creators , is an Australian - born hacker and writer with a social conscience , who now lives in East Africa .
Among other achievements , he co-invented Rubberhose deniable encryption , which would let a dissident being tortured reveal one key to unlock a hard drive , while not giving away that there was a second or third password - locked folder of information .
The coder bristles at the criticism of Wikileaks standards .
The JDAM document , he says , is a perfect example of a leak that 's entirely consistent with Wikileaks ' ethic , which owes no allegiance to any government or group .
" Many countries face the risk of being attacked by JDAM guide bombs should they not toe U.S. foreign policy lines , so its specific capabilities are of intense interest to a knowledgeable audience , " Assange says .
" If governments do not like morally outraged soldiers leaking the specifications to their weapons systems , perhaps they should be more selective about who they kill with them . "
" Similarly if rebel groups like the FARC would like sources to stop providing us with their internal documents , they would be well advised to release their hostages , " he says .
In February a military spokesman lambasted Wikileaks ' release of the Iraq rules of engagement in a statement to The New York Times , saying " the deliberate release of what Wikileaks believes to be a classified document is irresponsible and , if valid , could put U.S. military personnel at risk . "
The Pentagon is n't the only group with no love of Wikileaks .
In January , Wikileaks published secret banking documents from the Cayman Islands branch of the Swiss private bank Julius Baer , despite not being certain of their veracity .
The documents allegedly show the bank knew about , and even aided , money laundering .
The bank sued Wikileaks in a federal court in California , briefly convincing a judge to order Wikileaks ' domain registrar to de-list the site from web .
Predictably , the censorship attempt backfired as netizens posted the IP address of Wikileaks , whose servers were unaffected .
Press groups , the ACLU and the Electronic Frontier Foundation , among others , filed friend - of - the - court briefs in the case , which brought more attention to Wikileaks than any of its previous – and more spectacular – document leaks .
The judge in the case soon reversed himself , and Julius Baer , which declined to comment on Wikileaks , dropped the suit , realizing that the attempt to censor brought more attention to the documents than if they had just ignored it .
Wikileaks 's core strength – its distributed and seemingly phantom - like presence on the net – has yet to be tested legally or technically .
The domain name owner lives in Kenya and purposely does n't know much about Wikileaks .
The site , which looks to be hosted from a server in Sweden , has multiple mirrors around the world .
One of Wikileaks ' advisers , security expert Ben Laurie , does n't even know who runs the site – other than Assange – or where the servers are .
That secrecy lets Wikileaks stay online even when one of its domain names is shut down .
Similarly , it has thwarted efforts by the Church of Scientology to have a document removed using U.S. copyright law .
Wikileaks ' assertion of freedom from the world 's laws is reminiscent of the early days of net rhetoric – much of which has fallen away as governments learn to use laws and filters to impose at least some national standards on the net .
For instance , in 2000 , France succeeded in forcing Yahoo to ban Nazi paraphernalia auctions .
And repressive regimes like China have used sophisticated tools and economic clout to censor the net .
If Assange is unflustered by criticism of Wikileaks , he acknowledges that one of its founding ideas has not panned out .
As conceived , Wikileaks would employ an army of volunteers to collaboratively evaluate the documents it leaks – that 's the " wiki " in Wikileaks .
But despite the site 's growing reputation and its emergence as a cause celebre on the net , nobody 's shown much interest in poring over pages of documents that reveal the world 's secret workings .
Instead that work of vetting and analyzing documents has fallen to academics , journalists and Wikileaks ' own staff , including Assange .
Now Wikileaks is planning to drop the wiki model entirely .
In the future , it plans to pre-release selected documents to investigative journalists , then publish them once a story appears .
That gives the favored reporters time to analyze and verify documents without fear of being scooped .
Assange is even toying with the idea of making his site a subscription service that pre-releases secret documents to paying reporters .
The reporters would have the option of writing about a given leak , or passing on it and getting another , if the reporter does n't find it useful .
The change is partly due to economics , he says .
Academics and journalists are among the few who have time to spend poring over documents .
It 's also partly because people online seem more inclined to comment on something that 's already been analyzed , than analyze it themselves , says Assange .
That change pleases Aftergood .
" Working reporters can use all the help and sources they can get , and Wikileaks does have a track record of getting their hands on documents that other people haven't , " Aftergood says .
" It also has the potential to introduce another layer of editorial judgment and I believe in editorial judgment on matters of confidentiality . "
Assange says he's no enemy of the editorial process – he is , in fact , a big fan of journalism .
Indeed , he points to the ever - present news of layoffs at newspapers , and the lack of institutional support or funding for investigative journalism , as the reason Wikileaks needs to exist .
With Wikileaks ' help , journalists can change the world , he says .
" It is time journalists and publishers starting actually engaging in ' fearless journalism ' rather than simply placing the words on their mastheads , " Assange says .
" It is time activists serious about their mission used every technical and legal ploy they can to further it . "
Quoting Filipino political thinker Walden Bello , Assange says " it is time for less civil society and more civil disobedience . "
" Imagine a world where companies and government must keep the public , or their employees , or both , happy with their plans and behavior , " Assange says .
" That is the world we are striving to create . "
While the wiki-portion of Wikileaks has proven a flop , from a purely economic standpoint , Wikileaks works , even if the wiki part did not , according to Assange .
" Based on the last 12 months , we catalyzed one mainstream press report or re-report per $ 40 of funding , which in turn has lead to concrete changes across the world that affect the lives of millions . "
Judge Allows WikiLeaks to Resume U.S. Operations
Cayman Islands Bank Gets Wikileaks Taken Offline in United States
LONDON , England ( CNN ) --
Police investigating claims of child abuse on the Channel Island of Jersey say they have found the remains of at least five children , according to media reports .
Forensic officers examine a scene at the former children 's home Haut de la Garenne .
However the authorities say problems dating bone and teeth fragments discovered at the long - closed children 's home at Haut de la Garenne , means a murder prosecution is now unlikely .
Deputy Chief Officer Lenny Harper , who is leading the investigation , told the BBC : " At the end of the day there may not be the evidence there to mount a homicide inquiry and an attempt to bring anybody to justice for whatever crimes took place there .
" The latest information we 're getting is that for the period we 're looking at , it 's not going to be possible to give us an exact time of death . "
According to the British Press Association , the police have evidence the bodies -- of children aged between 4 and 11 -- were burned and attempts were made to conceal the bodies in the late 1960s to early ' 70s .
To date , a total of 65 milk teeth have been recovered from the cellars at Haut de la Garenne .
Experts believe the teeth could only have come out after death because of their condition .
CNN's Phil Black reports from Jersey »
Over 100 human bone fragments have been discovered at the site , with one piece identified as coming from a child 's leg and another from a child 's ear .
Officers excavating four underground chambers at the building , referred to as punishment rooms by some victims , have also found shackles and a large blood stained bath .
The investigation at Haut de la Garenne started in 2006 , when the authorities were alerted to the possibility that pedophiles had worked at the institution for neglected and abandoned children .
A remand wing also housed children who had been convicted of crimes .
The discovery in February of a skull fragment under a stairwell in the building sparked more than 160 allegations of child abuse there dating back to the 1960s , the authorities said .
The building opened in 1867 and housed up to 60 children at any one time .
It underwent several renovations and closed in 1986 only to reopen as a youth hostel in 2004 .
Jersey is a British crown dependency , 14 miles off the coast of Normandy , France .
Lady
Thatcher to be honoured with State funeral , but Palace fears there might not be enough troops to line streets of London
Margaret
Thatcher is to be given the ultimate accolade of a State funeral when she reaches the end of her days – the first British Prime Minister since Winston Churchill to be afforded such an honour .
But the possibility of a formal procession could be jeopardised by fears that there are insufficient troops available to line the route because the Armed Forces are so overstretched in Afghanistan and Iraq .
Although Lady Thatcher is currently in good health – she was with the Queen at Buckingham Palace on Tuesday – The Mail on Sunday has learned that plans
are under way for her funeral , when the time eventually comes , to take place at
St Paul ’s Cathedral .
Highest honour : Lady
Thatcher , pictured at this year 's Wimbledon , will have a State funeral
The Queen and Gordon Brown are both in discussions with Lady Thatcher ’s private office concerning the arrangements .
This does not reflect any concern over Lady Thatcher ’s health , but simply the prudent long - term planning necessary for any event involving the Queen .
It has not yet been decided whether the 82 - year - old former Conservative leader will lie in state in Westminster Hall .
To date the only Prime Minister in the 20th and 21st centuries to be given this honour was Churchill .
There were four non-Royal State funerals in the 19th century – Nelson , Wellington , Palmerston and Gladstone .
Opulent : St Paul 's Cathedral , chosen by Lady Thatcher as funeral venue
St Paul ’s was chosen at Lady Thatcher ’s request .
The Queen is expected to be among the many world leaders , Royals and other dignitaries who would be in attendance .
Overall arrangements for the funeral are being led by Sir Malcolm Ross , the Queen ’s former Master of the Royal Household , who has managed every Royal funeral since 1997 , including those of Princess Diana and the Queen Mother .
A source said : ‘ Sir Malcolm has been brought in because he has an excellent track record and is considered the best man for the job . ’
Sir Malcolm is renowned for his discretion and kept the plans for the Queen Mother ’s funeral in his briefcase for 17 years .
It is hoped that those for Lady Thatcher will also not be needed for many years .
His plans have also been discussed with Lady Thatcher ’s daughter Carol and son Mark in conjunction with Mark Worthington , her senior adviser .
In a separate proposal , the Queen has also given her permission for Lady Thatcher to lie in the Chapel of St Mary ’s Undercroft immediately beneath Westminster Hall on the night before her funeral .
Family friends and VIPs would be able to visit the chapel to pay their last respects .
Informed sources last night confirmed that the Queen and Gordon Brown had given their blessing to the preparation of funeral arrangements for Lady Thatcher in recognition both of her achievements and for being Britain ’s first woman Prime Minister .
She led the country from 1979 to 1990 , winning three Elections and the Falklands War , and was credited with reversing the nation ’s post - Second World War decline .
Despite her age , Lady Thatcher is in good health , although she has suffered a series of mini-strokes which resulted in short - term memory loss .
Earlier this year she appeared frail when she was photographed with the Queen aboard the QE2 for Her Majesty ’s final visit to the liner .
But a close friend said last night : ‘ Lady T has been on fine form lately .
She was with the Queen at a Buckingham Palace garden party on Tuesday , had lunch with a friend on Wednesday and is greatly looking forward to going on holiday in the French Alps with friends soon . ’
A senior official involved in the funeral plans told The Mail on Sunday : ‘ What ’s in place at the moment is a contingency plan for a State funeral .
‘ It is yet to be decided whether Lady Thatcher will lie in state .
They wo n’t decide on the finer details until the actual time .
There might be a new Prime Minister in place which could change things .
‘ Ultimately it ’s a call for the Government as to whether Lady Thatcher will lie in state .
One of the implications for a State funeral is that the Government meets the costs .
‘ Another aspect is that there would usually be a long procession from Westminster Hall to St Paul ’s Cathedral which involves the Armed Forces lining the route and marching through the streets of London .
Flashback : Sir Winston Churchill 's 1965 State funeral
‘ There is an enormous pressure on our already stretched Forces and how many servicemen and women will be available is a serious consideration .
It wo n’t be the case of bringing troops back home , but they are a long way from deciding on the finer details .
‘ Whatever happens , the process will involve the Queen and the Ministry of Defence .
It ’s quite normal for a State funeral to be planned in advance .
These things deserve forethought and planning ; they ca n’t be conjured up over night .
‘ Obviously everyone involved wants things to be as smooth as possible . ’
State funerals are generally reserved for monarchs , but may , by order of the reigning monarch , be granted to other national heroes , such as Lord Nelson .
By tradition a State funeral for someone who is not a Royal is attended by the Monarch .
In addition , there is a lying in state and a military procession .
But they are not all the same .
Hundreds of thousands of people filed past Churchill ’s coffin during a three - day lying in state in Westminster Hall in 1965 .
By contrast , the public was not admitted during Gladstone ’s lying in state in 1898 .
Although the Queen Mother was Queen , she chose a Royal Ceremonial funeral .
However , her lying in state took place over three days and vast numbers queued to pay their respects .
Princess Diana also had a Royal Ceremonial funeral , a break with protocol since she was neither a consort to the Monarch nor heir to the throne .
In other respects , it had all the trappings of a State funeral .
The funerals of other post - war Prime Ministers were considerably more modest than the plans being made for Lady Thatcher .
No tickets were required to attend the Salisbury Cathedral funeral of her predecessor as Tory leader , Sir Edward Heath .
There was a simple ceremony on the Scilly Isles for Labour Prime Minister Harold Wilson .
Former Conservative Prime Minister Harold Macmillan was buried in a quiet Sussex churchyard after a private service near his family home .
Lady
Thatcher ’s private office was unavailable for comment , and when contacted by The Mail on Sunday Sir Malcolm Ross declined to comment .
The other day I walked 26 miles .
Returning home on the bus , calves wracked with spasms of pain , I tried to catch some sleep .
From the seat behind me I overheard snippets of conversation .
" My kitchen has a bed and a fireplace in it . "
" Hello little girl , what are you doing in the forest ? "
" Can I give the boy some of my rice cake ?
He 's blushing . "
" There 's a fashion show starting in the forest . "
" Why would you wear black ?
I 'm wearing something wild .
Red , green , maybe blue . "
Mortimer Jerome Adler , because he had not learned to swim and was otherwise non-athletic , was unable to fulfill the requirement then in place of swimming laps in the Columbia College pool and was therefore unable to complete the requirements for his bachelor 's degree .
He continued his studies without a degree and went on to develop a course of study based on the great books of Western Philosophy .
Much of my early education , and probably the development of my imaginative powers , was based upon the readings of the Great Books .
Imagination presents to our minds objects that do not actually exist .
It is the power by which we explore the realm of the possible .
When our senses cooperate with our intellects and we are not conceptually blind , we can imagine objects which may exist at some future time , or which are merely figments or fictions of our imagination .
They are intelligible to us , even though we understand them as constructed by us , such as mermaids and centaurs .
The bus driver called out " First call for Fall River " .
All of us remained seated .
This section of the terminal was shared by companies that headed to points south , Fall River , Massachusetts , and points north , Dover , Portsmouth New Hampshire .
He looked side to side , and just sort of hung there .
My mind raced : Was he upset ?
Would he leave with an empty bus ?
Would he lose his job because people have stopped traveling to Fall River ?
There 's a woman wearing baggy clothes shoving coin after coin into a payphone .
Her back is to me , but I know she 's upset .
She 's speaking intently .
Her body is tight and stiff .
I overhear , " but I 'm here now " ; " where do you want me to go ? "
She 's pressed against the phone stand , and I soon realize that she is cradling a small poodle , decked out in a bandanna and sweater .
She hangs up the phone , shoves more coins in , and dials again ; but not before kissing the dog several times .
She follows the same pattern for twenty minutes : shove the coins , kiss the dog , dial a number , plead her case .
The dog gets more fidgety with each call and finally jumps to the floor .
He and the Fall River bus driver stare at each other .
The woman scoops up the dog and continues her calls .
Our " life is made of patterns that can scarcely be controlled . "
I am startled by the loud bang of a phone against the metal back of its stand .
A tall , lanky , tattooed man stomps across my path and flings a backpack into the corner of the waiting area .
He continues his fast pace to another part of the terminal .
I look around , everyone 's looking away .
Some fake indifference ; others are engrossed in conversation or lost to a tune on their MP3 player .
Where 's the Fall River driver ?
He 's in his bus , picking up trash .
I wait for the next public service announcement : " All unattended luggage will be confiscated .
Please report any unattended luggage " .
When it next starts up , I 'll jump up and cry out " Over here ! "
None comes .
The usually endless loop of a message is silent .
I sit in a state of panic , knowing that there is nothing between me and ten pounds of explosives .
My ID is out of date , I 've moved several times since it was last updated .
The organ donor scan for body parts should still be valid , but I 'll be vegetable soup , compost for a cannibal 's garden .
Too many tattoos scare me .
I do n't know whether to be relieved or not , but the stranger rejoins his backpack .
He sits on the floor with legs crossed , facing me .
There are others on both sides of me ; but he 's facing me .
He had no friends , he seldom spoke
And no one in turn ever spoke to him ,
' Cause he was n't friendly and he did n't care
And he was n't like them .
Oh , no !
he was a most peculiar man .
I have a ticket for my destination .
I 'm homeward bound .
I lost track of the woman and the dog .
In the back of my mind I had thought that maybe , if the Fall River bus was to have no passengers , she and her dog could ride with the driver and keep him company .
I had imagined that on the other end of her calls was a son or a daughter who refused to meet her at the station .
She was not wanted or welcome in their home .
The " Homeless " in Portsmouth travel all day on the free shuttle .
In mid afternoon they stop at whichever supermarket is serving samples that day .
The " sample " schedule travels the grapevine .
When I travel the shuttle in the morning I 'll overhear heated discussions over the value of free coffee and cheese at Market Basket versus the day 's offering at the church kitchen .
They always sit in the back .
To avoid being robbed , many carry all their belongings .
They can't stay at the shelter during the day , and trust is not a virtue when you are homeless .
They have backpacks , as do I when I am traveling .
The difference is that I have a destination .
That 's where my head was as I sat in the bus station dirty cap precariously askew on top of my earphones , well worn backpack and my fingers nervously tapping metal buttons in my pockets .
Sitting on a park bench
eyeing little girls with bad intent .
Snot running down his nose .
greasy fingers smearing shabby clothes .
Voices leaking from a sad cafe
Smiling faces try to understand
I saw a shadow touch a shadow's hand
On Bleeker Street
The intellectual imagination enriches human experience by giving us the power to deal with objects that are not accessible to other animals .
The world in which animals live is limited to that which is perceptually present or remembered .
Yes , after I had walked 26 miles I was dehydrated , tired beyond belief , and my brain fried after seven hours in the sun without a hat .
But I jotted down the conversation as I remembered it when I returned to my house .
" My kitchen has a bed and a fireplace in it . "
" Hello little girl , what are you doing in the forest ? "
" Can I give the boy some of my rice cake ?
He 's blushing . "
" There 's a fashion show starting in the forest . "
" Why would you wear black ?
I 'm wearing something wild .
Red , green , maybe blue . "
But that 's a story for another day .
For now , you may enjoy reading : Like a poem poorly written .
Also , may I recommend for your enjoyment : Children at play , marks or rubes ?
I am by no means ready to die !
So , with that fact established , let 's begin at the beginning :
See links for all the Genesis posts to date : Genesis Through My Eyes
In my not too distant past , if I were to see a street person , a bum , sleeping in a door front or on a park bench , I would have kept my distance and perhaps shrugged my shoulders . :
He had the " smarts " to ask someone where to go , I did n't
Come back often to see what these piglets are discussing .
Pork may be on the menu .
Menu changes frequently .
web blog : Time Less Images
web blog : Comics Legends and Lore
web blog : Timeless Snippets
459 shares Share
Tweet
Pin
Pocket
Flipboard
Hong Kong is a city located on the south of China .
It is best known for its breathtaking skyline teeming with skyscrapers , a deep natural harbor , and a densely populated city .
The city only has a land area of 1,104 square kilometers or 426 square miles and yet its population is at 7 million .
The majority ( over 93 % ) of the population in Hong Kong are of Chinese descent or ethnicity .
When you travel to Hong Kong , there is much to see and do .
It was in the late 1970s when Hong Kong established itself as a global financial and trade hub .
In fact , it is one of the Alpha + cities in the world , alongside Paris , Tokyo , Beijing , Singapore , Los Angeles , Shanghai , Sydney and Dubai .
It also ranked fifth in 2014 ’s list of Global Cities index beaten only by New York , Paris , London and Tokyo .
The level of human development is one of the highest in the world in line with its per capita income in every household .
The limited land area has prompted development in Hong Kong to develop more infrastructure .
The rise of modern architecture and skyscrapers earned the city the title as the vertical city with the most number of skyscrapers in the world .
Indeed , you will be in awe by the astounding amount of skyscrapers when you travel to Hong Kong .
Currency : The official currency in Hong Kong is the Hong Kong Dollar .
Official Language : Chinese and English are the official languages of Hong Kong .
WiFi Availability : It is easy to get free WiFi access in Hong Kong .
You can also get free WiFi in the Hong Kong International Airport .
Airport/s : Hong Kong International Airport is the main international airport for flights that travel to Hong Kong .
Visa Required : US citizens only need a valid passport and no need for visa to travel to Hong Kong .
However , they can only stay for a maximum of 90 days at one time .
Most nationalities can also travel to Hong Kong without visa for up to 180 days .
For more info on visa requirements for travel to Hong Kong , visit this link : http://www.immd.gov.hk/eng/contactus/index.html
Driving : Hong Kong used to be a colony of Britain .
Hence , you must drive on the left side of the road .
International Driver ’s License Accepted ?
You can use foreign - issued driver ’s license in Hong Kong or present your international driver ’s permit .
Crime :
The crime rate in Hong Kong is one of the lowest in the world .
In fact , in 2014 , the crime rate hit the lowest in over four decades .
Electrical Adapters :
In Hong Kong , the electrical outlets are powered by 220 volts and a frequency of 50 Hertz .
Trivia : Hong Kong has the most numbers of skyscrapers in the world .
Next on the list is New York City , which has only half of the amount of skyscrapers that Hong Kong has .
Hong Kong Cuisine
The influence of Cantonese cuisine is highly evident in the Hong Kong cuisine .
However , over the years , other influences from Southeast Asia and the western world has produced a more diverse culinary landscape .
There is also a great mix of places to experience the best of Hong Kong ’s cuisine – from market stalls to upscale restaurants .
To give you an idea of how dishes are prepared in Hong Kong , here is a list of ingredients commonly used in their cooking :
Salted duck egg
Century egg
Red bean
Hoisin sauce
Jujube
Scallop
Chinese sausage
Shiitake mushrooms
Points of Interest
Victoria Peak
This mountain is located on the western side of the island .
This is a popular spot in Hong Kong , especially among tourists , because it provides a spectacular view of the island and its skyline .
Disneyland
The happiest place in the world also has a place in Hong Kong .
Therefore , a visit to Hong Kong is never complete without a trip to the world famous theme park .
Po Lin Monastery
This Buddhist monastery is Lantau Island is one of the most frequented tourist spots in Hong Kong .
Make sure to include a visit if you are in the island .
Ten Thousand Buddhas Monastery
This is another popular Buddhist monastery in Hong Kong .
However , this is a unique one because it houses literally ten thousand Buddha statues .
Lantau Island
This is the largest island in Hong Kong that provides several other unique attractions .
Hence , this is the perfect jump off point if you want to experience the best that Hong Kong has to offer .
Travel to Hong Kong Resources
Deep - seated political differences are n't simply moral and intellectual :
They 're also biological .
In reflex tests of 46 political partisans , psychologists found that conservatives were more likely than liberals to be shocked by sudden threats .
Accompanying the physiological differences were deep differences on hot - button political issues : military expansion , the Iraq war , gun control , capital punishment , the Patriot act , warrantless searches , foreign aid , abortion rights , gay marriage , premarital sex and pornography .
" People are experiencing the world , experiencing threat , differently , " said University of Nebraska political scientist John Hibbing .
" We have very different physiological orientations . "
The study , published today in Science , has not yet been duplicated , but adds a potentially troubling piece to the puzzle of biology , behavior and politics .
Earlier studies have linked reflexive responses to threats – which for testing purposes take the form of loud noises and graphic images – with existing states of heightened anxiety .
Though the Science study 's authors cautioned against an overly broad interpretation of their findings , the results suggest that fear leads to political conservatism .
" Threatening situations do indeed seem to increase people 's affinity for politically conservative opinions , leaders , and parties , " said New
York University psychologist John Jost .
Study co-author Kevin Smith , also a University of Nebraska political scientist , demurred at making such a connection .
" Historically speaking , politicians have appealed to the ' be afraid ' response in the electorate in an attempt to mine votes , " he said .
" But in terms of going from campaigning to what we did in the laboratory , that 's a large leap . "
But even Smith agreed that " people with stronger responses are more sensitive to potential threats in their environment . "
Asked whether the findings imply a fearmongering strategy for conservatives , New York University psychologist David Amodio responded , " Yes .
And some people believe that they are actively using this strategy . "
The Bush administration has been accused of exploiting fears , though it 's hardly a new approach .
" The whole aim of practical politics , " wrote journalist gadfly H.L. Mencken ,
" is to keep the populace alarmed ( and hence clamorous to be led to safety ) by menacing it with an endless series of hobgoblins . "
Jost condemned such tactics .
" From an ethical standpoint , conservative campaigns should not exploit feelings of fear in the general population , " he said .
Of course , ethics tend to be forgotten during election seasons – but fear - mongering may be counterproductive .
" From a practical standpoint , I think that there will eventually be a backlash against those tactics as it becomes more obvious how exploitative they are , " said Jost .
Darren Schreiber , a University of California , San Diego political psychologist , contends that a candidate " who merely tries to trigger fear simply can't be successful in the long run .
Joe McCarthy had his run , but now his name is synonymous with a vile form of politics . "
Exploitation aside , there may be a gentler side to the findings .
" Instead of political opponents thinking their opposite party is simply being willfully bullheaded , " said Hibbing , " you can say , ' Well , they see a little differently than I do . ' "
Political Attitudes Vary With Physiological Traits [ Science ] [ not yet online ]
Images : A terrorism awareness poster in London , circa 2002 , courtesy of ToastyKen ; differences in automatic responses to threatening stimuli , from Science .* *
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and Del.icio.us feed ; Wired Science on Facebook .
A cheaper way to produce hydrogen from biofuels has been developed , a step that could overcome some of the critical obstacles blocking the gas 's widespread future use as a green transport fuel .
Hydrogen is often touted as a transport fuel of the future since it produces only water when it is burned .
If the gas is produced from sustainably grown biofuels , its use results in very low carbon emissions .
Car manufacturers are already developing vehicles that can run on hydrogen fuel cells but moving to a fully - fledged hydrogen transport system requires solving several key issues .
These include how to produce the gas efficiently and transport it , which requires very high pressure containers .
Building the infrastructure for consumers to fill their cars with hydrogen is another problem .
Umit Ozkan , a professor of chemical and biomolecular engineering at Ohio State University , has led a team of scientists to develop a catalyst that can make hydrogen from ethanol without the need for high temperatures or expensive materials such as platinum or rhodium .
The work could circumvent some of the storage and transportation problems .
" Instead of making hydrogen from biofuel at a centralised facility and transporting it to gas stations , we could use our catalyst inside reactors that are actually located at the gas stations .
So we would n't have to transport or store the hydrogen – we could store the biofuel , and make hydrogen on the spot . "
The research was presented on Wednesday at the American Chemical Society 's annual meeting in Philadelphia .
Catalysts that can make hydrogen from biofuels already exist but usually need rare , expensive ingredients .
" Precious metals have high catalytic activity and , in most cases , high stability , but they 're also very expensive , " said Ozkan .
She said that her goal from the outset was to develop a cheaper catalyst , one that was based on readily - available metals .
The resulting catalyst is made from calcium , cobalt and small grains of cerium oxide , a common ingredient in ceramics .
According to the researchers , it an produce hydrogen with 90 % efficiency at around 350C – a low temperature by industrial standards .
" Rhodium is used most often for this kind of catalyst , and it costs around $ 9,000 ( £ 4,800 ) an ounce , " said Ozkan .
" Our catalyst costs around $ 9 a kilogram . "
She added that operating at lower temperatures would also bring energy savings .
" And if the catalyst is highly active and can achieve high hydrogen yields , we do n't need as much of it .
That will bring down the size of the reactor , and its cost " .
The production of hydrogen from ethanol produces waste gases such as carbon dioxide and methane – the former can be trapped and stored while the latter can be burned to supply some of the energy needed for the conversion process itself .
Though the team 's current research focused on ethanol , the researchers believe it could be adapted to other liquid biofuels .
Ozkan said that a preliminary economic analysis of her technique showed that the price of hydrogen could approach that of petroleum .
" As gasoline prices continue to rise , hydrogen produced from renewable sources such as bio-liquids will be more and more competitive .
Also , the possibility of using hydrogen in fuel cells will provide much higher efficiency than internal combustion engines can .
So the actual cost , in dollars per mile , may already be lower . "
Friends of the Earth 's biofuels campaigner Kenneth Richter warned that hydrogen was only as clean a source of power as the energy used to produce it .
" Rather than being a clean alternative to fossil fuels , biofuels are actually increasing carbon dioxide emissions .
Hydrogen - fuelled cars are still a long way off – the immediate priority for cutting emissions is smarter cars that burn less fuel . "
Unix Signals for Live Debugging
It ’s unit tested , the integration and regressions tests are all green , you even added a set of performance benchmarks , and yet after a couple of hours of production use the process is falling over - we ’ve all been there before .
Good instrumentation in these situations is worth its weight in gold .
If you ’re lucky , you may be able to use DTrace , if you ’re adventurous you may try to attach with GDB , but what if you build this instrumentation into your app right from the start ?
System signals for easy debugging
Any UNIX process can respond to a collection of system signals , and what ’s even better : we can safely define a subset ( USR1 , and USR2 ) to invoke arbitrary logic within our process .
For example , let ’s create a worker process which on receipt of a USR1 signal will toggle debug mode on demand :
require ' rubygems ' require ' log4r ' # initialize the logger @log = Log4r :: Logger . new ' log ' @log .
outputters = Log4r :: StdoutOutputter . new ' console ' @log .
level = Log4r :: INFO worker =
Thread .
new do while ( true ) do @log .
info ' Hello ! ' @log .
debug ' Debug ! ' sleep ( 1 ) end end # put worker into debug mode via USR1 signal trap ( " USR1 " ) { @log .
level = @log .
level == Log4r :: INFO ?
Log4r :: DEBUG : Log4r :: INFO } # cleanly shutdown the thread on Ctrl - C / kill signal trap ( " INT " ) { worker .
terminate } # run the worker worker .
join
In the example above Log4r provides us with a convenient logging hierarchy : DEBUG < INFO < WARN < ERROR < FATAL .
By sending our process a USR1 signal ( kill -s USR1 pid ) , we toggle between the INFO and DEBUG levels , allowing ourselves the luxury of performing live debugging without incurring the cost of redundantly logging debug information when we do n’t need it .
Now you have the tools to perform that open - heart surgery .
INFO log : Hello ! **< process is started **INFO log : Hello!INFO log : Hello ! **< process receives USR1 **DEBUG log : Debug !
INFO log : Hello!DEBUG log : Debug ! **< process receives USR1**INFO log : Hello!INFO log : Hello !
For bonus points , check what signals your favorite UNIX processes respond to .
For example , did you know that kill -s USR1 mongrel_pid will turn on debug mode on any Mongrel process ?
Make use of system signals , they ’re there for reason !
The Debate
We , jerald and Paul , sympathize with divergent political and economic philosophies , socialism and libertarianism , respectively .
Much of the mainstream media 's coverage revolves around simple dichotomies where Democrats supposedly oppose Republicans and where liberals are at odds with conservatives .
Rarely do we get to hear from other perspectives .
This debate hopes to communicate a deeper understanding of our varying points of view .
We will cover , to the best of our abilities , an issue per week , from our respective world views .
Throughout the week , there will be two rebuttal sessions on the given issue .
After the initial post that imparts the fundamentals of our schools of thought , subsequent posts have been limited to 300 word , enough to be thorough , yet concise .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Washington Mutual Inc WM.N , the giant U.S. savings and loan beleaguered by mortgage losses , has put itself up for sale , sources familiar with the matter said on Wednesday .
A Washington Mutual ( WaMu ) bank branch is seen in New York City , September 17 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Mike Segar
The Seattle - based thrift has hired Goldman Sachs & Co and Morgan Stanley to run an auction and potential suitors include Citigroup Inc C.N , HSBC Holdings Plc HSBA.L , JPMorgan Chase & Co JPM.N and Wells Fargo & Co WFC.N , one source said .
A sale is neither imminent nor guaranteed and the thrift is exploring other options , a second source said .
Representatives of Washington Mutual , TPG and the other banks declined to comment or could not immediately be reached .
Analysts have long expected the credit crisis would force weaker lenders into the arms of stronger rivals .
A sale of Washington Mutual , the largest U.S. savings and loan , had been widely expected .
“ Everything is for sale in the banking world these days , ” said Ralph Cole , a portfolio manager at Ferguson , Wellman Capital Management in Portland , Oregon .
“ Washington Mutual should be shopping itself .
You ’d have to do due diligence on the balance sheet , but people understand the value of a branch network and deposit funding . ”
On Monday , Bank of America Corp BAC.N agreed to pay $ 50 billion for Merrill Lynch & Co Inc MER.N , which has lost $ 19.2 billion in the last four quarters .
Wachovia Corp WB.N , which lost $ 9.11 billion in the second quarter , approached Morgan Stanley MS.N about a merger on Wednesday , according to published reports .
Washington Mutual overcame a critical hurdle to a merger earlier on Wednesday when its largest investor , David Bonderman ’s private equity firm , TPG Inc , agreed to let the thrift raise capital , even if TPG ’s holdings were diluted .
Washington Mutual shares rose 20 cents to $ 2.21 in after - hours trading after falling 31 cents to $ 2.01 during regular trading .
The shares have fallen 94 percent in the last year on concern about mortgage losses and that , in a worst case scenario , it might face the same fate as mortgage lender IndyMac Bancorp Inc IDMC.PK , which regulators seized in July .
VERY NEW CEO
Washington Mutual has lost $ 6.3 billion in the last three quarters and was downgraded to junk status by Moody ’s Investors Service and Standard & Poor’s .
The thrift has projected $ 19 billion of mortgage losses through 2011 .
Last week , Washington Mutual said it expected to set aside $ 4.5 billion for credit losses in the third quarter , down from the second quarter ’s $ 5.9 billion , and that it expected to remain well - capitalized .
A possible sale surfaced just nine days after Washington Mutual named Alan Fishman chief executive , replacing the ousted Kerry Killinger .
Fishman used to run Independence Community Bank Corp , a Brooklyn , New York lender acquired in 2006 by Sovereign Bancorp Inc SOV.N .
Analysts have said the thrift might not find a buyer until there is more clarity about its mortgage losses .
“ You would have to deal with the accounting , you would have to mark everything to market , ” said Albert Yu , a portfolio manager at Clover Capital Management Inc in Rochester , New York .
JPMorgan Chief Executive Jamie Dimon is considered the most likely acquirer , given his goal of expanding in retail banking in the western United States .
Washington Mutual ended June with $ 309.7 billion of assets and 2,239 branches .
TPG agreed to waive a provision requiring Washington Mutual to make up any dilution if the thrift raised more than $ 500 million of equity for less than $ 8.75 per share , or sold itself for less than that price .
The private equity firm earlier this year acquired a $ 2 billion stake in Washington Mutual at about $ 8.75 per share , as part of a $ 7 billion capital raising by the thrift .
Regulators did not ask TPG to waive the provision , but the firm did so because it could have dissuaded a bidder , a source said .
Chordie has one most inspiring guitar forums on the Internet .
A great source for all kind of guitar related issues .
Everyone can read .
Register to post .
Here are the heading of the last posts :
Mark Shuttleworth on the future of Ubuntu
LWN .net needs you !
Without subscribers , LWN would simply not exist .
Please consider signing up for a subscription and helping to keep LWN publishing
The life of South African Mark Shuttleworth has been a kind of geek dream : found and sell Internet company for $ 500 + million in mid-20s ; spend $ 20 million to become the second space tourist ; and create a GNU / Linux distribution with a cool name that has become the most popular on the desktop .
Here , he talks to Glyn Moody about Ubuntu 's new focus on the server side , why Ubuntu could switch from GNOME to KDE , and what happens to Ubuntu and its commercial arm , Canonical , if Shuttleworth were to fall out of a spaceship .
I believe you made about $ 500 million when you sold the certificate authority Thawte Consulting to Verisign in 1999 .
Creating a GNU / Linux distribution is not the most obvious follow - up to that : what were the steps that led from the early part of your life to the current phase ?
I have a belief that we should all paint our lives as boldly as we can , and we should explore the things that are the most interesting to us personally .
I 'm always disappointed when I see people asking the question : " What 's going to be the next big thing ?
What career should I choose ?
Where will the most money be paid ? "
It 's impossible to know what the future holds , but it 's very possible to know what you might be personally interested in .
So after Thawte , I spent some time setting up the [ Shuttleworth ]
Foundation and some time setting up the [ HBD ] Venture Capital group , which I was n't going to run personally , but which I thought was a good thing to have , and put a team in place to do that .
And then I thought : what are the most interesting challenges out there , what are the opportunities that I 'm sort of uniquely positioned to do ?
And the opportunity to go to Russia and train there and then fly was the opportunity that I chose .
After that , it was more difficult .
There were three things that I was looking at .
Each of them was exploring the impact of the Internet in society and in commerce , but in different ways .
And of all of them , [ Ubuntu ] is the project I thought was the most interesting , the most difficult , the biggest scale project .
And ultimately , if we succeed , the one that will have the biggest impact .
So I took this one on .
Given that Ubuntu 's roots are on the desktop , what 's behind the recent shift in strategy to address the server side too ?
That 's not a change in strategy , it 's more a pull through .
We started with a very narrow focus on the desktop , and that allowed us to punch in .
As we 've penetrated the industry , there 's a natural pull through where someone who 's started using us on their desktop has now started setting up Ubuntu on a server .
You could always run Ubuntu on a server ; there was never a significant reason not to .
That body of users has now reached a critical mass on the server , and so our server work is now more responding to that than a shift in strategy .
We continue to make the desktop our labor of love , the server requires a very enterprise - oriented approach .
We 've built out a dedicated team that just handles that .
We have n't re-assigned people who are desktop specialists and asked them to test a server .
You 're not worried you 're spreading yourselves to thinly ?
That is a risk , and that 's something we discuss here a lot .
There are benefits to offering a platform that can be used in both configurations .
We see companies often saying : " We love your desktop .
We would definitely choose your desktop if we could also use you on the server . "
Companies do n't like to introduce arbitrary diversity in technology .
Everybody has heterogeneous systems , but they do n't like to make that situation worse without a very good reason for it .
Ubuntu is a very good server for certain use - cases now , just like Ubuntu is a very good desktop for certain use - cases .
Our challenge over the next couple of years is just to broaden the base to which it appeals on both fronts .
On the server , it 's very much a question of taking time to build the portfolio of relationships with other vendors .
There are a lot of applications - what we call solutions - which are now free software - based : standard web - serving , mail - serving and so on .
Ubuntu does very well for those .
Increasingly , the challenge for us now is to build out the portfolio of non-free software certifications , everything from Oracle through SAP and thousands and thousands of pieces in between .
That will take time ; it 's not something we can achieve overnight .
One of the interesting things you 've floated recently is the idea of coordinated releases amongst GNU / Linux distributions .
Where did the idea come from , and what would the benefits be ?
[ PULL QUOTE :
That 's really what Ubuntu 's all about .
We want to express fully the real nature of free software , as a true commercial , economic entity in its own right .
END QUOTE ]
What I 'm really , profoundly interested in , is how a different approach to technology makes new things possible .
The business model of the proprietary software industry is licensing software to new customers or updates of software to existing customers .
You make money when you have a new version .
So there 's an imperative both to release new versions and to have a whole bunch of new features in those versions , specific features that you articulate in advance .
In the free software world , we do n't have that to cloud our thinking .
We accept that development goes at the pace that it goes .
If we operate on a basis that we only integrate new features into the platform when we consider them ready , then we can effectively release the platform at any time .
When you look at the world though those glasses , it makes sense then to articulate not that you 'll ship the product when you have certain features , but you 'll ship it at a certain time .
That 's actually really useful to all of your users , because they can plan for a particular time .
This was n't our stroke of genius : GNOME was the one that really championed this idea .
We took the fairly radical step of saying we could do that across the whole ecosystem .
The reason that is radical is because when you 're one project , you can make decisions for yourself .
But obviously as Ubuntu , we aggregate everyone from the Linux kernel to the GNOME project through the Firefox web browser and the Apache web server , and a ton of stuff in between .
So people said : " How on earth will you tell them when to ship their stuff so that you can ship what you want ? "
We 've simply taken the view that we have a very carefully - managed release process , and a new version from one of those projects just does n't get in unless it 's ready at the time it needs to be ready for us to have confidence that it can be integrated and tested .
What this has really done is it 's separated , very elegantly , the processes associated with R&D , which is focused on what new features we 're going to develop , and how to manage that , which is very difficult to put on a particular schedule , from the process of integration , testing and distribution .
Now , if I look at a company like Oracle or Microsoft , they have both of those responsibilities .
So you end up in this horrible situation where they start saying now : " you 'll have the next generation file system in this version and it'll ship on that date . "
And then reality intervenes , and that puts them in a very awkward situation .
We just do n't have that .
To come back to the original idea , we try to understand what 's the essential difference between the way we produce software and the way other people produce software , and what becomes possible because of that , that was n't possible before , both economically and technologically .
That 's really what Ubuntu 's all about .
We want to express fully the real nature of free software , as a true commercial , economic entity in its own right .
Have you had any feedback yet from the other distributions ?
Not yet , no .
This is something that we 've only just started articulating .
My hope is that other distributions will see the benefits of synchronizing all of our releases .
It does n't matter whose cycle we converge on , but the idea of synchronizing releases then cues all of those thousands of other projects , that if they want their latest technology shipped by a particular date , if they 're able to get it done by a particular time , then that will happen not just with Ubuntu , but with a whole bunch of different platforms .
I think it 's a powerful idea .
There are commercial interests that might block it .
It will be interesting to see if the other commercial distributions are nervous to put themselves in a situation where they really are being compared , apples to apples .
We 'll see .
Given that more and more computing will be done in the cloud , is that going to be a threat or an opportunity for Ubuntu ?
It 's a real opportunity , both on the server side and on the client side .
To build a server - side cloud infrastructure , you want an operating system which is not licensed per seat or per processor or per machine or per instance .
It is simply freely available with all of its updates , and Ubuntu meets that .
You can go from a hundred instances in the cloud to a hundred thousand instances in the cloud and legally pay Canonical no more money .
You will probably want to have some sort of support relationship with us , but that 's entirely separate from the actual licensing of the platform , and it 's not required in any way .
We cut a deal to support you in the way that you need support .
So , economically on the server side that 's a very big winner , and Ubuntu is seeing a lot of adoption and traction there .
You also want something that can be shrunk down so that in your cloud server you only have the pieces which you really need .
Every extra piece is an extra piece of disk space that 's not being used ; it 's an extra piece of memory that 's not being used .
It 's an extra thing that can have a security issue that 's not being used .
And so you may as well get rid of it .
Ubuntu 's very modular - probably the most modular of the commercial platforms ; this comes from our Debian heritage .
On the client side , for cloud computing you really want something that " speaks the Internet " , and does so very well and very securely , and speaks the web very well and very securely .
Ubuntu running Firefox is a really compelling option there .
So I think there 's a good chance that the next YouTube is running in the cloud and running on Ubuntu .
One of the versions of Ubuntu is Gobuntu , which has no non-free elements whereas Ubuntu does have some .
Where do you stand on the question of including proprietary elements in a free software distribution ?
[ PULL QUOTE :
But we are willing to put in drivers that are not yet open source , because we figure it 's more important to give everybody 's grandma the opportunity to actually run free software applications on a free software environment , even if they need some proprietary drivers to get their hardware going .
That puts us squarely in the pragmatist camp rather than the purist camp .
END QUOTE ]
Very clearly , I 'm a pragmatist .
The non -free pieces of Ubuntu are nothing to do with Canonical 's commercial interests .
It 's not like we 've put pieces in there that suit us and do n't suit anybody else .
They 're drivers for hardware where the manufacturers of that hardware have n't yet wrapped their heads around the idea of releasing the source code that makes their hardware work .
They 're not applications .
We work with those vendors to help them understand that in fact it's to their advantage to make their source code open source .
They will get much better quality .
We have real examples of this .
We have much better quality drivers with much better reliability that make their hardware more attractive to a bigger portion of the market .
But we are willing to put in drivers that are not yet open source , because we figure it 's more important to give everybody 's grandma the opportunity to actually run free software applications on a free software environment , even if they need some proprietary drivers to get their hardware going .
That puts us squarely in the pragmatist camp rather than the purist camp .
Gobuntu is an attempt to create a version of Ubuntu that does away with that , but also that is specifically designed to be a platform where other ideas about Copyleft can be explored - this meme about collaborative creation of something is extremely powerful and software is just the tip of the iceberg - we 've already seen Wikipedia .
I think every industry is going to need to adjust its thinking to say : " How can this participative computing phenomenon energize us ? "
Gobuntu aimed to do that .
People did n't really flock to it , so I think we will stop doing Gobuntu .
People liked the idea , but not the people who would actually invest their time in it .
I think it 's too closely associated with Ubuntu .
There 's another one called gNewSense , which is exactly the same - Ubuntu with all the non -free stuff taken out .
But because it's a separate organization , people feel more comfortable participating there .
I do n't mind , really .
On a related issue , do you worry that GNOME is becoming too involved and enmeshed with Microsoft technologies ?
If the patent problem with GNOME becomes too great , might you switch to KDE one day ?
I think it 's very healthy that we have multiple desktop platforms , and that they 're both committed to free software and sources of innovation and inspiration and competition .
We picked GNOME mostly because of its approach to the release cycle and because it had a real strong commitment back in 2004 to usability .
Since then , KDE has also embraced the idea of usability as a primary driver , and they 've done some really interesting things on the technology front .
I keep a level of awareness of KDE , and I run KDE at home just to make sure I have a sense of where it 's going and how it is doing .
I like the rivalry .
We might [ switch ] ; it 's good to have that option .
As for patents in software , I think society does a very bad deal when it gives someone a monopoly in exchange for nothing .
The traditional patent deal was you gave someone a monopoly in exchange for disclosure of a trade secret .
You can't really have trade secrets in software .
Of course , the entrenched interests like to frame this as " patents are all about innovation " , when they really are n't .
There 's very strong , academic , peer - reviewed research that suggests that patents stifle the pace of change and innovation .
The real insight with patents is that what society is buying with that monopoly is disclosure .
And so the real benefit to society is accelerated disclosure of new ideas - not convincing people to invest .
People have ideas all the time .
You can't stop the human mind from innovating .
People do research and development to win customers , that 's what it 's really about .
It 's not to file patents .
So the entrenched patent holders really are n't doing much of a service to society when they articulate their position in very flawed terms .
With regard to GNOME and Microsoft , I 'm not concerned .
My view is that to win , you have to have your own vision .
You have to have a very clear idea of what you can deliver that 's unique .
You can't go around sort of chasing someone else 's coat tails .
So while I respect the people in the free software community who invest a lot of time in making compatible implementations of other people 's technology , I do n't think that 's the real recipe for success for free software .
We have to give people a reason to use our platform for itself , not because it 's a cheap version of someone else's .
And in fact , the real successes of free software have been the places where it has just blown away the alternatives .
The Internet runs on free software , and not because it has copied anything from Microsoft .
The proprietary software guys like to accuse free software of not innovating and not doing anything other than sort of walking down the same path that they 've already walked , which is always easier .
That 's just not true , but guys like the Mono Project are reinforcing that stereotype .
Finally , one of the issues that has traditionally preoccupied the Linux community is : what happens if Linus falls under a bus ?
So I was wondering what happens to Canonical and Ubuntu if you fall under a spaceship or something ?
Fall * out* of a spaceship !
Well , I 've made suitable preparations so that if I 'm looking the wrong way when the bus comes , economically both Canonical and Ubuntu are fine : there are provisions in my will to make any additional investments needed .
As to the other things that I do for the project , they will have to find someone else to step into my shoes .
You know , there 's a lot of good talent , and both technically and commercially and socially .
I think the project would continue .
Glyn Moody writes about open source at opendotdotdot .
AS BANKS tumble like skittles , customers across the world are eyeing their cash nervously .
Savings are protected in around 100 countries , with varying degrees of generosity .
Those spooked by a run on a bank in Hong Kong this month may have been particularly nervous because only HK $ 100,000 ( $ 12,860 ) of their cash is protected , including interest .
Ireland has recently extended its limit from € 20,000 ( $ 29,337 ) to € 100,000 , to reassure savers .
In America the first $ 100,000 is guaranteed for each depositor at each bank , while Britain 's savers are limited to £ 35,000 ( $ 64,650 ) in one institution , although an increase is expected soon .
It is not only a matter of how much is protected , of course , but also of how quickly and easily the savers would get it back .
Shutterstock
International parcel post go through the various couriers and freight procedures when the parcel travel from the sender to the destination country or city where t is intended to be sent through the courier .
Most of the couriers in Australia make sure they handle all the things very carefully and properly so that they are not damaged at any cost .
But the fact is that when a parcel has to be sent to international destinations , there is no guarantee that it will be handled carefully until and unless there are proper measure taken by the courier companies through which the parcel will be sent to the destination country .
Some packages have special instruction for careful handling and it may cost more than average shipping and handling cost that can be calculated using the shipping calculator .
If the packages are handled by courier service Sydney that offers international shipping from Australia through express courier using the air freight it is possible to provide care instructions so that the parcel is handled carefully .
Most of the international movers and courier service Perth make sure to follow most of the care instructions .
But when it comes to the other countries , there can be following hazards involved in the process :
Breaking of objects due to throwing of packages occur if they are not handled with care and workers may throw them carelessly during loading and unloading process .
The parcel may also be destroyed if the freight or the sources that are responsible for shipping it get into an accident .
The parcel may be lost during the shipping method though it happen rarely , if the address is not right or the parcel gets destroyed due to some flooding , rain or other such conditions .
To avoid such situation most of the quality based international shipping services offer proper measure to make sure the recipient receives the parcel safely .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - After several meat recalls this year , the U.S. Department of Agriculture does not see passing new regulations as a solution to curtail risks to food , Secretary Ed Schafer told Reuters on Tuesday .
Despite headlines that question the safety of U.S. food supply , including the recall of a record 143 million lbs ( 65 million kilograms ) of meat in February and last week ’s recall of beef suspected of E. coli contamination sold by Whole Foods , the number of contaminated products has declined in recent years , said Schafer .
“ I do n’t believe that , from a USDA standpoint , we need to increase the number of inspectors or change the testing requirements , ” Schafer told Reuters .
He noted the many innovative ways the industry has stepped up to control bacteria in its facilities , from using 87,000 lbs of water pressure to kill bacteria to using black light to detect contamination .
“ If the requirement is for a bacteria - free product going out the door , then how they get there to me is n’t as important , ” he said .
“ I ’d like to see them experimenting with new and better equipment and ideas .
You start mandating things , and that incentive to improve goes away . ”
Overall , Schafer said he is “ pleased ” with what industry is doing to reduce health risks .
A USDA spokesman said less than half a percent of samples have E. coli .
Satisfied with USDA ’s requirements for food safety procedures and testing , he opposed calls for mandatory recall authority .
Legislation proposed would require hearings , comment periods and paperwork that would delay when a mandatory recall could be enforced .
“ I think you do a faster , better job without a mandatory recall , ” Schafer said .
A new USDA plan would list retail stores that receive tainted products linked to recalls only when there is a good chance a person will become ill or die by consuming the meat or poultry product , so - called Class I recalls .
Critics see USDA ’s proposed rule as inadequate because it does not cover all recalls , such as February ’s recall which stemmed from the mistreatment of animals rather than contamination so posed low risk to consumers .
Schafer stands by his decision to exclude other recalls as a method of curtailing “ undue and unnecessary alarm in the marketplace , ” adding that other recalls pose little to no risk to consumers .
WASHINGTON —
The head of the Treasury and the Federal Reserve began discussions on Thursday with Congressional leaders on what could become the biggest bailout in United States history .
While details remain to be worked out , the plan is likely to authorize the government to buy distressed mortgages at deep discounts from banks and other institutions .
The proposal could result in the most direct commitment of taxpayer funds so far in the financial crisis that Fed and Treasury officials say is the worst they have ever seen .
Senior aides and lawmakers said the goal was to complete the legislation by the end of next week , when Congress is scheduled to adjourn .
The legislation would grant new authority to the administration and require what several officials said would be a substantial appropriation of federal dollars , though no figures were disclosed in the meeting .
Democrats , having their own desire for a second round of economic aid for struggling Americans , see the administration ’s request as a way to win White House approval of new spending to help stimulate the economy in exchange for support for the Treasury request .
Democrats also say they will push for relief for homeowners faced with foreclosure in return for supporting any broad bailout of struggling financial institutions .
The Avenger sedan , officially unveiled at the Paris Motor Show as a concept car , returns to showrooms as a model that is set to replace the troubled Stratus .
It has arrived , trying to rescue the reputation of Dodge 's midsize sedan by adopting the name of the Avenger .
The Avenger claimed its competition in interior refinement , performance and value , gaining several positive mentions for its exterior styling and safety .
Dodge Avenger low entry price is not an argument for buying the car any more as lots of its competitors are now available at significant discounts due to the automotive industry 's recent struggles .
This new Avenger wo n't set up any new rules or standards for the mid-size class but it's an acceptable alternative with an original American accent .
The Avenger 's aggressive appearance is polarizing , and it anchors the sedan in the bottom half of the affordable midsize car class for exterior .
The 2009 Dodge Avenger is available in three main trims : the base SE , the SXT and the R/T .
The SXT is available as either the L package or the M package , which feature different engines .
Its suspension does not handle bumps well , and the press is almost unanimous that its electric steering is over boosted and difficult to control .
The experts ' road test for the 2009 Dodge Avenger includes a full evaluation of the 2009 Dodge Avenger from the inside out .
They evaluate not only interior cabin and cargo space for the 2009 Dodge Avenger , but also engine and handling performance .
The driving performance is not so cool as everyone may expect .
The 2.4 - liter engine make the car move reasonably well , but those drivers that are expecting a performance hit from the V - 6 - powered R/T will be disappointed .
At least the six - speed automatic transmission is smooth and fast - reacting , especially in manual mode .
At first glance , the interior of the 2009 Dodge Avenger is striking in its styling , which is uniquely American .
The Avenger 's cabin is spacious enough for two six - foot , two - inch occupants to sit one behind the other in comfort .
2009 Dodge Avenger has various interior options , containing a rear - seat entertainment system and hard - drive - based stereo as well as lot of other standard features for its price .
But customers consistently complain about cheap , low quality plastics , considerably poor match - and - finish and wide panel gaps .
The expensive Dodge Avenger R/T offers some unique trim pieces , but overall the intimation of budget materials remains .
For a mid-size sedan , however , the 2009 Dodge Avenger impresses in terms of interior space as it can easily hit its capacity claim of five adults , thanks to the generous headroom and legroom measurements , and the trunk is sized well .
Up front , the seats are comfortable and upright , making for a pleasant seating environment .
Dodge Avenger 2009 gained very good crash test mark from the federal government .
In frontal - impact tests it has got five stars for protecting both driver and passenger and in side - impact tests it has got five stars for driver protection and four stars for the rear seat passenger .
Six airbags come as a standard , including head curtain airbags .
STX and R/ T Avenger models come with four - wheel anti-lock brakes and have an option to add electronic and stability controls .
In spite of all shortages customers still want to have that ride in their garages for the true American spirit , Dodge is carrying through the decades .
The appearance of the true muscle car inspires people to involve great amount of cash to fix the lacks both in esthetic equipment and performance .
Cheap inside materials are substituted by expensive leather , high quality wood dash kits and chrome accessories .
Performance is upgraded by turbochargers , reliable suspension and transmission .
Dodge Avenger Accessories include thousands of items both for exterior and interior upgrade .
Rear spoilers , giovanna black wheels , billet grills will create a new appearance for Dodge Avenger , winking away cheap car accessories of the present day automotive market .
Just imagine how your Avenger will be noticed after installation lambo doors and sport body styling kit .
Using performance chips will make the car move faster and increase its fuel efficiency .
To say the truth every car has disadvantages but if you really fell in love with it , shortages wo n't be noticed but the benefits will be doubled .
Pimp your Avenger the way you like .
Slide 1 of 11 ,
About 15 years ago , a group of animal - loving , tattooed bikers in the New York area began acting on behalf of abused animals .
The men volunteered at shelters and the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty Toward Animals , and they tried to solve cases of missing or abused animals that other organizations had neither the time nor the resources to address .
Librado Romero / The New York Times
Brad Friedman Byon
8/21/2008 , 10:30 am PT
With a hat - tip for the title - variation on my pal , Art Levine 's landmark piece on " The Republican War on Voting " in The Prospect , my column this week at the UK's Guardian focuses on the latest in the Republican " voter fraud " scam , intended only to keep Democratic - leaning voters from being able to cast a legal vote this year .
The launching point for the column : conservative " founding father " Paul Weyrich 's remarkable comments to 15,000 preachers in Dallas in 1980 , as seen in the video at right , featuring this Rosetta Stone phrase :
" Now many of our Christians have what I call the goo - goo syndrome - good government .
They want everybody to vote .
I do n't want everybody to vote .
Elections are not won by a majority of people , they never have been from the beginning of our country and they are not now .
As a matter of fact , our leverage in the elections quite candidly goes up as the voting populace goes down . "
Yes , that 's what he actually said .
Out loud .
And the GOP has been working to make Weyrich 's anti-democracy dreams a reality , at no small cost , ever since .
My complete Guardian column is here ...
“ Riding Out the Credit Crisis ” by Douglas Rushkoff
from Arthur Magazine No. 29 / May 2008
There ’s two kinds of people asking me about the economy lately : people with money wanting to know how to keep it “ safe , ” and people without money , wanting to know how to keep safe , themselves .
Maybe it ’s the difference between those two concerns that best explains the underlying nature of today ’s fiscal crisis .
Is what ’s going on in the economy right now really worse than anything that ’s happened in the past few decades ?
Are we heading towards a bank collapse like what happened in 1929 ?
Or something even worse ?
On a certain level , none of these questions really matter .
Not as they ’re being phrased , anyway .
What we think of as “ the economy ” today is n’t real , it ’s virtual .
It ’s a speculative marketplace that has very little to do with getting real things to the people who need them , and much more to do with providing ways for passive investors to grow their capital .
This economy of markets was created to give the rising merchant class in the late middle ages a way to invest their winnings .
Instead of actually working , or even injecting capital into new enterprises , they learned to “ make markets ” in things that were scarce .
Or , rather , in things that could be made scarce , like land .
That ’s how speculation was born .
Speculation in land , gold , coal , food … pretty much anything .
Because the wealthy had such so much excess capital to invest , they made markets in stuff that the rest of us actually used .
The problem is that when coal or corn is n’t just fuel or food but also an asset class , the laws of supply and demand cease to be the principle forces determining their price .
When there ’s a lot of money and few places to invest it , anything considered a speculative asset becomes overpriced .
And then real people ca n’t afford the stuff they need .
The speculative economy is related to the real economy , but more as a parasite than a positive force .
It is detached from the real needs of people , and even detached from the real commerce that goes on between humans .
It is a form of meta - commerce , like a Las Vegas casino betting on the outcome of a political election .
Only the bets , in this case , change the real costs of the things being bet on .
That ’s what happened in the housing market and the credit market — which , these days , are actually the same thing .
Here ’s the story , in the simplest terms :
Bush ’s tax cuts and other measures favoring the rich led to the biggest redistribution of wealth from poor to rich in American history .
The result was that the wealthy — the investment class — had more money to invest , or lend , than there were people and businesses looking to borrow .
The easiest way to bring more borrowers into the system — and to create more of a market for money — was to promote homeownership in America .
This is precisely what the Bush administration did , touting home ownership as an American right .
Of course , they were n’t talking about home ownership at all , but rather pushing people to borrow money tied to the value of a house .
If people could be persuaded to take mortgages on homes , real estate values would go up for those already invested ( like land trusts and real estate funds ) and banks would have a market for the excess money they had accumulated .
In short , there was a surplus of credit in the system .
Americans were encouraged to borrow in the form of mortgages , which created demand for the credit banks wanted to sell .
In many cases the credit itself was n’t even real , but leveraged off some other inflated commodity that the bank or investor may have owned .
Banks and mortgage companies invented some really shady and difficult - to - understand mortgage contracts , designed to get people to borrow more money than they could .
Banks did n’t care so much about lending money to people who would n’t be able to pay it back , because that ’s not how they were going to earn their money , anyway .
They provided the money for mortgage companies to lend , and in return won the rights to underwrite the loans when they were packaged and sold to other people and institutions .
So a bank might provide the cash for a bunch of loans , but then get it back , plus a huge commission , when those loans were packaged and sold to someone else .
Lots of people take out mortgages , and housing prices rise .
This is used as evidence to convince more people that real estate is a great investment , and more people buy into the housing bubble .
Lots of these people put little or no money down , and buy mortgages whose interests rates are going to change for the worse .
But they believe the price of their home is inevitably going to go up , and pin their futures on the idea that they can refinance their mortgage before their rate changes .
Since the house will be worth more , the mortgage for what they owe should be easier to get ; it will represent a smaller percentage of the new total cost of the house .
Of course , this was dumb .
Banks did n’t really care ( because they were n’t holding the bad paper ) but the people investing in those “ mortgage - backed securities ” were slowly getting wise to the fact that many of the borrowers were in over their heads .
What to do ?
The credit industry went ahead and lobbied Washington to change the bankruptcy laws .
While corporations could claim bankruptcy and stop paying for their retirees ’ health coverage , individuals would no longer be able to claim bankruptcy , and even if they did , they would still owe their creditors the money they borrowed , forever .
The credit industry spent over $ 100 million lobbying lawmakers for the new provisions .
Then , just like the credit industry predicted , loans start going bad .
( The industry labels these loans “ sub prime ” because they want to make it look like the borrowers were somehow less - than - respectable people .
But the term really just refers to a less - than - respectable loan . )
As homeowners default on their mortgages , housing prices start to go down .
This , in turn , makes it impossible for people to refinance their mortgages when they thought they would ; in fact , now many homeowners actually owe more on their home than the home is worth .
How can you refinance a million - dollar loan on a house that is only worth half that ?
You can’t , so instead you have to hold onto the variable - rate loan that you foolishly bought from the predatory lender .
The rate rises higher and faster than you can pay it .
Lenders go ahead and start foreclosing on properties , kicking out the mortgage holders who ca n’t pay .
But this creates another problem : what to do with the house ?
It ’s not even worth the outstanding portion of the loan , in many cases .
And even if they can sell it , how to distribute the money ?
No one even really knows whose mortgages belong to whom , as they ’ve been sold as parts of packages , again and again , to different lenders , pension funds , money markets … you name it .
This leads to what became known as the “ credit crunch ” or “ liquidity crisis . ”
No one feels good about lending money anymore because so much of it was tied in one way or another to these bad mortgages .
The creditors do n’t want to take possession of all these foreclosed homes , and they turn to the government for help .
Under the guise of helping homeowners “ stay in their homes , ” the government starts bandying about various “ relief packages . ”
The Treasury department and the Fed are actually taking a two - pronged strategy towards fixing the problem .
One prong is cynical PR , and the other is just plain stupid .
First , they want to create the illusion that something is being done , so they talk about “ superfunds ” to bail out homeowners , freezes on rate hikes , checks mailed to every taxpayer , and other useless gestures .
They do all this to appease angry consumers and consumer advocates because they wo n’t want real lending industry regulation ( like what Barney Frank and other progressives are pushing for ) to gain any traction .
Second , they want to make more money available to the creditors ( banks ) , so they can keep lending money — because this is their business .
So the Fed lowers interest rates again and again .
Banks get more money , and guess what ?
We ’re back where we started : with tons of money and nowhere to invest it !
By lowering the “ prime lending rate , ” they simply add to the surplus cash that created the problem in the first place .
Of course , both measures serve to stave off panic selling , because it seems as though something real is being done .
Homeowners may get a slight delay in the paralyzing rate increases on their mortgages , giving banks and creditors the chance to make a more orderly exit .
They will bail from these mortgages while selling the artificially secured credit to the likes of you and me through money market accounts and other retail products .
They just need time to make sure the real losses trickle down to someone else .
And remember : this whole mortgage fiasco is just a little preview of what happens next year when the credit card industry faces the very same self - imposed “ crunch . ”
In the case of mortgage lenders , at least the terms of the loans were disclosed .
Credit card companies — which are some of the very same banks that are in the mortgage mess today — are busy rewriting their policies , increasing rates , and adding fees to the policies of people already in debt to them .
You know those little ‘ inserts ’ in your credit card bill ?
Read them , and you ’ll find out , like I did , that some credit card companies have begun charging interest on your purchases from the moment you make the purchase .
You pay finance charges even if you pay your whole bill every month .
Most people carry big balances , so they wo n’t notice the additional charges , or at least that ’s what the credit card companies are — quite literally — banking on .
* * *
After a certain point , consumers just wo n’t be able to pay their bills .
Even though they ’ve paid the cost of their purchases several times over , they ’re simply buried in interest and interest on the interest , sometimes compounding at a rate of 30 or 40 percent per year .
The creditors know this , which is why they ’ve sold a lot of this debt to other banks , pension plans , money market funds … you get the picture : the kinds of places where we invest our retirement money .
The banks invested in us ; we were the assets .
Now that we ’re about to go broke , they ’re busy selling us to other financial institutions in a game of musical chairs that will cost the last debtholder a lot of money .
Of course , unless we can convince some foreign sheiks to buy some lousy US assets with their oil money , that last debt holder will end up being you and me .
Over the past few months I ’ve spoken to top strategists at some of the biggest banks in the world , and they share my perception of the scenario .
Most of them are “ holding cash ” as their main investment strategy , spread out over a few of the major currencies .
Those making money are doing so by short - selling shares of other companies in the same finance industry that they supposedly work for .
The bigger picture , of course , is that speculation just worked too well for too long .
The disparity between the market values and real values ( rich people and poor people ) got too large .
Every asset class , even money itself , got too expensive .
We became more valuable for our borrowing power than our labor — which also meant there was no way to work off our debt .
Meanwhile , the people using reality as an investment vehicle have overwhelmed the real economy on which their “ structured investments ” are based .
Sure , this has happened before .
It ’s just that , traditionally , when wealth disparity got too great and there was n’t enough money in the right places , the wealthiest bankers temporarily suspended their greed to bail out the system .
Or progressive tax policies opened corporate coffers , permitting a “ New Deal ” that employed people while rebuilding the infrastructure required to make real things and provide real services to citizens .
Today , however , such temporary restraints on greed are systematically untenable and philosophically unthinkable .
Conservatives are still so angry about New Deal reforms of the 1930s that that they have infused politics and banking with an economic ideology that sees any regulation of worker exploitation or predatory investment as anti-capitalist , anti-American , and even anti-God .
So instead we are the beneficiaries of “ wink ” reform : stuff that ’s supposed to make us feel good while reassuring the speculators that their interests will remain paramount .
A few hundred dollars mailed to every American family creates the illusion that government is lending a helping hand , but this money is not redistributing anything .
It ’s being taken from the same people who are receiving it , in the hope that they ’ll just pump it back into the system at Wal - Mart or the Exxon station .
Whether the coming economic crisis will be deep or shallow is left to be seen .
We may be at the start of the kind of depression our grandparents lived through in the ’30s , or we may simply experience what our parents lived through back in the ’70s .
Foreign investment trusts may come in and buy our biggest banks and turn us into global citizens through the very World Bank policies we were hoping would turn all of them into US vassals .
Whatever the case , the best thing you can do to protect yourself and your interests is to make friends .
The more we are willing to do for each other on our own terms and for compensation that does n’t necessarily involve the until - recently - almighty dollar , the less vulnerable we are to the movements of markets that , quite frankly , have nothing to do with us .
If you ’re sourcing your garlic from your neighbor over the hill instead of the Big Ag conglomerate over the ocean , then shifts in the exchange rate wo n’t matter much .
If you ’re using a local currency to pay your mechanic to adjust your brakes , or your chiropractor to adjust your back , then a global liquidity crisis wo n’t affect your ability to pay for either .
If you move to a place because you ’re looking for smart people instead of a smart real estate investment , you ’re less likely to be suckered by high costs of a “ hot ” city or neighborhood , and more likely to find the kinds of people willing to serve as a social network , if for no other reason than they ’re less busy servicing their mortgages .
The more connected you are to the real world , and the more consciously you reject the lure of the speculative ladder , the less of a willing dupe you ’ll be in the pyramid scheme that ’s in the process of collapsing all around us at this moment .
Think small .
Buy local .
Make friends .
Print money .
Grow food .
Teach children .
Learn nutrition .
And if you do have money to invest , put it into whatever lets you and your friends do those things .
Douglas Rushkoff writes books about media , technology , and values .
He ’s currently working on a project called “ Corporatized , ” which will explore how chartered corporations disconnected us from reality .
rushkoff.com
Police dash cam : WEST PALM BEACH , Video released August 11/08 : One city police officer resigned and two more were placed on administrative leave after a dashboard camera captured images of them punching and kicking a handcuffed man in the face .
On May 26/08 , Officer Louis Schwartz had pulled a car over outside a CVS pharmacy at 6800 South Dixie Highway when a pharmacy clerk told him a man in a black ski mask looked like he was about to rob the store .
As Schwartz walked in , the man , later identified as Pablo Gilberto Valenzuela , 42 , of West Palm Beach , ran out through an emergency exit , turning to spray Schwartz with pepper spray as the officer gave chase , according to police reports .
A video recording captured what happened next : Schwartz drew his gun and , ordering Valenzuela to the ground , approached as Officer Kurt Graham , who had heard Schwartz 's calls for help over the radio , closed in on the prone man .
Graham put a knee into Valenzuela 's back and handcuffed him .
The video then showed Graham punch and kick Valenzuela in the face .
Schwartz approached and also kicked Valenzuela in the face .
Later , as Officer Jason Zangara hoisted a bloodied Valenzuela to his feet , the video showed Valenzuela lurching away from Zangara 's grasp .
Zangara whirled on the handcuffed man and punched him several times in the face , until the man collapsed on the pavement , the video showed .
Officers hauled him up again and led him out of the frame .
Valenzuela was held at the Palm Beach County Jail on charges of robbery , assault and battery on a law enforcement officer and resisting arrest .
In reports filed after the incident , Graham and Schwartz wrote that they kicked Valenzuela in the face because the handcuffed man was trying to bite Graham 's leg .
" As I was crouching over Valenzuela he began to bite at my lower right leg , " Graham wrote .
" I felt his teeth graze up against my lower leg ( through my pant leg ) .
I immediately punched Valenzuela in the head in an attempt to stop his biting , at the same instance Officer Schwartz saw that Valenzuela was attempting to bite me , he kicked the subject in an attempt to stop him from biting me .
As I arose to my feet I could still see Valenzuela attempting to bite me , this time I kicked him in the head .
" Zangara wrote that he punched Valenzuela after Valenzuela tried to spit on him .
" I instinctively struck him in the face with my right fist to prevent him from spitting on me again as he was full of blood , " Zangara wrote .
In the midst of an internal affairs investigation into the incident , Graham , whom a city spokesman described as a " rookie officer " still on probation , resigned on July 22 .
Schwartz and Zangara - whose personnel files are dotted with suspensions and written reprimands - remain on administrative leave this afternoon while West Palm Beach Police Chief Delsa Bush decides their fate , said Chase Scott , city spokesman .
It is unclear from the records if they have been on leave since the incident .
In an interview with internal affairs investigators , Valenzuela said the officers broke his jaw and gave him two black eyes and a gash that required four stitches .
He said a fight with his wife during Memorial Day weekend triggered a stress disorder that preceded the incident on May 26 .
Valenzuela , who said he was trades crew chief for Palm Beach County Facilities Management , said he had no memory of the confrontation or of the events that led up to it
Adblock Plus breaks the upload functionality .
Please disable it .
Untitled Gallery 11 images
Afghan Army to be Equipped with M16s August 5 , 2008
Wired ’s DangerRoom is reporting that the Afghan Army is going to be equipped with M16 rifles .
This is pretty strange since the Afghans always used Russian AK - 47 rifles .
The article starts with a quote of an Col.
Thomas McGrath , the commander of Afghan Regional Security Integration Command - South , about how the weapon is better and that the Afghan soldiers will learn discipline by using the M16 .
At the end the article gets to the real point :
Its all about tracking the weapons to avoid that they fall into the enemy ’s hand .
I can imagine that the Afghan Army has piles of AK - 47s and everybody is trying to improve their pay on them .
From the more officers selling whole truck loads of AKs to the peasant “ loosing ” his weapon .
This problem indeed can be solved by providing a new kind of weapon with serial numbers and start to inventory them .
And of course the Talibs probably do n’t want M16s .
The M16 is less reliable if not properly taken care off and the Talibs do n’t have experience with them .
In the Pakistan tribal areas there are a lot of weapon markets and small workshops repairing AKs and even building new weapons .
But of course this wo n’t stop the Taliban from getting more weapons .
First of all we do n’t know what happens to the existing weapons in the inventory of the Afghan Army and there are too many neighbouring countries selling directly to the Taliban or having Armies with poor soldiers and piles of untracked AKs .
BEIJING --
Just when it seemed that nothing good could pierce the gloomy , gray haze that stifles this city , just when the U.S. Olympic Committee set the bar of foolishness and political expediency higher than any gold medalist will ever jump , a story comes along to remind the world that the Olympics , though appallingly commercialized , still have great redemptive power .
The captains of the U.S. teams participating in the Beijing Games soared above the pettiness of their elders Wednesday when they chose 1,500 - meter runner Lopez Lomong , a Sudanese refugee who was abducted from his church at age 6 and targeted for a brutish life as a child soldier , to carry the American flag into the opening ceremony Friday at the National Stadium .
Early in the day , the USOC had all but disowned Olympic speedskating champion Joey Cheek , whose human - rights work with the Save Darfur group undoubtedly led Chinese officials to revoke his visa and prevent him from attending the Olympics .
The USOC willingly sold out Cheek , its SportsMan of the Year for 2006 , to minimize the potential for political protest and allow its Chinese hosts to save face .
He was a “ private citizen , ” said Jim Scherr , USOC chief executive , so he would just have to fend for himself .
Advertisement
And it ’s not the least bit cynical to think that in return , the U.S. might expect China ’s backing of Chicago ’s bid to play host to the 2016 Summer Games .
With one noble gesture the rank - and - file members of the U.S. team put their leaders to shame , asking Lomong -- a member of the Team Darfur athletes ’ coalition -- to lead them onto the field Friday .
If anyone knows what it means to struggle , it ’s this soft - spoken 23 - year - old who made the U.S. team by finishing third in the 1,500 meters at the Olympic trials on a sore ankle and a hungry heart .
“ This is the most exciting day ever in my life , ” Lomong said in a statement released by the USOC .
Advertisement
“ It ’s a great honor for me that my teammates chose to vote for me .
The opening ceremony is the best day and the best moment of Olympic life .
I ’m here as an ambassador of my country , and I will do everything I can to represent my country well . ”
Lomong grew up in poverty in southeastern Sudan and was torn from his family by militiamen intent on forcing him into the country ’s north - south civil war .
He and three other boys escaped their clutches and walked for three days , unknowingly crossing the border into Kenya .
There , they were arrested and thrown into a refugee camp .
Lomong spent 10 years in that camp .
One of his jobs was to rake dirt , earning a few shillings a day , the equivalent of less than five cents .
He spent a few of those precious shillings to watch the 2000 Sydney Olympics on a black - and - white TV , entranced by the spectacle of Michael Johnson winning the 400 meters and vowing to someday run like “ that guy . ”
Advertisement
A program that found homes for the so - called lost boys of Sudan became his salvation .
Thanks to a heartfelt essay he wrote in 2001 describing what he would try to achieve if he lived in the U.S. , he was chosen to live with a foster family in Tully , N.Y. , about 20 miles south of Syracuse .
There , he could eat more than one meal a day and also feed his soul .
To further his running career , he went to Northern Arizona University , where he won NCAA titles in the 1,500 outdoors and the 3,000 meters indoors in 2007 .
The Olympics will be his first major international competition , but even if he does not finish in the top three here , he has already shown himself to be the most admirable of champions .
Advertisement
Eight years after his impossible dream , one year after he took an oath and became a U.S. citizen , he will be the flag bearer for the country that made his dream come true .
“ The American flag means everything in my life -- everything that describes me , coming from another country and going through all of the stages that I have to become a U.S. citizen , ” Lomong said .
“ This is another amazing step for me in celebrating being an American .
Seeing my fellow Americans coming behind me [ in the opening ceremony ] and supporting me will be a great honor -- the highest honor .
It ’s just a happy day .
I do n’t even have the words to describe how happy I am . ”
If you applaud any athlete here , let it be Lomong .
And save a salute for every American athlete who had the compassion to give this man this honor .
With that decision , they showed they are the true leaders of this delegation , not the men wearing suits and ties and carrying USOC business cards .
Advertisement
--
Helene Elliott can be reached at helene.elliott@latimes.com .
To read previous columns by Elliott , go to latimes.com / elliott .
Sympathisers from all sides and parties , from newbies to political addicts , whether Bernie - or - bust supporters or GOP voters , or somewhere in between , can now take part in one of the most compelling and controversial election that America has ever witnessed .
“ Candidate ” players can enter the 2016 presidential race as an actual contender for the White House , or you can join the political fray as real world candidates “ Hilda Tilton ” or “ Ronald Drump ” with animated 3D faces and hours of voiceovers by impersonators .
You will need to act and react – swiftly and decisively – just like in the real 2016 campaign Players have total control over their candidacy so you need to deal with lots of face - paced decisions .
Candidates establish headquarters , travel the country , set up rallies , deal with super PACs , manage the campaign budget , make TV appearances in debates , and build TV and ad campaigns .
Candidates also get to make nearly two hundred campaign promises , but be careful – those promises will impact the deficit !
And do not forget to satisfy lobbies , religious communities , or ethnic groups as their votes will be decisive .
Yes , there ’s the fun , slimy stuff , too …
Dirty tricks have long been a staple of national politics , so The Race for the White House includes spreading scandalous rumors , arranging to have competitors ’ campaign cash stolen , giving kickbacks to attract supporters , and sabotaging opponents ’ meetings … but be careful because these slimy tactics might backfire and cost you the election .
AS MORE people watch their home equity erode , put off retirement because their nest eggs are taking a dive , and bike or bus to work to save gas money , many are thanking their lucky stars that they still have a job to commute to .
Unstable times breed worry and stress , so there should be worry and stress aplenty right now .
Nearly 8 in 10 Americans believe the country is headed in the wrong direction , according to a Gallup poll in August , and with the national unemployment rate up to 5.7 % in July -- make that 7.3 % in California -- millions of gainfully still - employed people who thought they were safe and secure might fear a Dickensian poorhouse closing in on them .
You ’d think that the health of the nation would suffer as well , what with emotional stress and less money for medical appointments , gym memberships and healthful food .
And in certain ways , health does worsen in times of economic uncertainty .
Medical science has accumulated a solid body of research showing that poverty and unemployment lead to higher rates of obesity and more cases of diabetes , asthma , kidney disease , cardiovascular disease , some cancers -- the list goes on .
But strange as it may seem , bad times can also be good for health .
Forget individual health for a minute .
This is about the macro picture , the health of entire societies .
And there statistics show that as economics worsen , traffic accidents go down , as do industrial accidents , obesity , alcohol consumption and smoking .
Population - wide , even deaths from heart disease go down during recessions .
“ Deaths go down when unemployment goes up , ” says Christopher J. Ruhm , professor of economics at the University of North Carolina at Greensboro , who for the last few years has been publishing counterintuitive and controversial papers on the economy and health .
Put total mortality numbers on a spreadsheet , he ’s found , and the population ’s physical well - being improves as just about every measure of economic health dips .
No one -- certainly not Ruhm -- is arguing that recessions are good .
For unemployed individuals and for people who fear financial disaster -- relentlessly forecast in headlines and top - of - the - hour newscasts -- the outcome is mixed .
Mental health worsens even for the vast majority who maintain their jobs , as the onslaught of bad news causes anger , anxiety and depression .
And prenatal problems increase , leading to more miscarriages and higher infant mortality rates .
But even as people are worrying more , they ’re smoking , drinking and driving less , reducing their risks of heart disease , liver disease and car crashes .
People who have lost jobs likely cut back because of lost income , whereas those still employed may be cutting back as they stare down inflation and stagnant incomes .
Some may take better care in order to look better to their bosses , says Ralph Catalano , economist at the School of Public Health of UC Berkeley .
“ They look around and think , ‘ I better cool it , ’ ” he says .
“ Those people may be getting healthier . ”
Forewarned is forearmed .
The research into the effects of tough times can show worried workers which reactions are helpful and which ones make things worse .
Economists look at national trends , but real people can buck those trends -- maybe by taking a lesson from their grandparents .
“ We know from the old days , 50 to 100 years ago , that people who were less well off actually did better , ” says Dr. C. Noel Bairey Merz , director of the preventive and rehabilitative cardiac center at Cedars - Sinai Medical Center .
“ They were working as laborers , they ate rice and beans , and they could n’t afford cigarettes . ”
Doing better , in other words , means following the advice of every public health agency in the world : exercise , eat healthful food and do n’t smoke .
Consequences
Deaths from some diseases , such as cancer , seem to be unaffected by the ups and downs of the economy , studies generally find .
That ’s probably in part because it takes years or decades for cancer to form -- too long a lag to be clearly tied to a temporary downturn or economic upswing .
Also , the majority of cancer deaths are among people older than 65 , most likely out of the workforce and less susceptible to the cost - cutting whims of an employer .
But deaths , overall , do decrease when times turn bad , Ruhm has found from studying the stats of the U.S. as well as the 23 developed nations of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development , matching them to economic shifts .
To put the economic fluctuations in perspective : Ruhm notes in a May 2000 paper in the Quarterly Journal of Economics that in 1990 , 1.5 million Americans older than 65 died from all causes , as well as 145,000 people 25 to 44 .
Based on his calculations , a rise in unemployment of one percentage point would have predicted 2,900 fewer deaths among the young adults .
It would have spared , for a while at least , 4,900 seniors .
Both groups gain , but among the young -- who are far less likely to die -- the percentage of saved lives is greater : 2 % versus 0.3 % .
The more that a cause of death affects primarily young people ( traffic accidents , for example ) , the greater the effect of a shifting economy , Ruhm says .
“ Some dimensions of health respond more or less quickly . ”
Researchers have found good news in bad times for a number of diseases , specifically illnesses most affected by lifestyle changes .
* Heart disease is at the top of that list .
In a March 2006 report for the National Bureau of Economic Research , Ruhm looked at federal mortality statistics from 1979 to 1998 , comparing periods of higher and lower employment rates as a measure of economic conditions .
He found a percentage - point reduction in unemployment was associated with a 0.75 % rise in heart disease deaths -- about 3,900 additional deaths a year .
The finding held across all age groups .
One of Ruhm ’s theories is that in hard economic times , fewer jobs mean fewer factories spewing pollution .
“ Short - term changes in pollution have been tied to heart attacks , ” he says .
Indeed , according to the American Heart Assn. , for every 10 micrograms per cubic meter increase in particulate matter in the air , a 3.4 % increase in heart attack rates can be expected .
Although elderly people are most vulnerable , pollution can also trigger sudden heart attacks in younger people who have cardiovascular disease or risk factors such as high blood pressure , diabetes , high cholesterol or a smoking habit .
Ruhm also looked at data from 1987 to 2000 collected by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in the world ’s largest telephone survey tracking health risk behaviors .
He found that three of the risk factors linked to heart disease -- smoking , obesity and a sedentary lifestyle -- drop during recessions .
He quantified the drop , and found that a one - point increase in the unemployment rate reduces the prevalence of smoking by 0.6 % , the obesity rate by 0.3 % and physical inactivity by 1.8 % .
These may not look like big changes , but they represent a trend toward better behavior that could easily have health consequences , Ruhm believes .
Why these drops ?
It could be that when times are bad , some unemployed people use their increased free time to exercise more .
And those who are still employed feel more urgently motivated to take care of the things still under their control .
“ The first thing is awareness that not everything [ good times and good health ] goes in the same direction , ” he says .
“ It ’s an individual thing .
You can control some of it . ”
* Traffic accidents go down when fewer people are working .
It makes sense , because fewer people are on the road commuting .
In a November 2002 report for the National Bureau of Economic Research , Ruhm looked at statistics from 23 developed nations including the United States and extrapolated from them that if 1 % more people have jobs , motor vehicle accidents will go up by 2.1 % .
“ Risky activities , such as driving , increase in good economic times , ” he says .
With gas around $ 4 a gallon , that particular risky behavior will likely drop further .
The Department of Transportation reported in March that Americans drove 4.3 % less that month , or 11 billion fewer miles , than they did in March 2007 .
And just as Ruhm might have thought , the federal department reported this month that deaths from motor vehicle accidents reached the lowest level in more than a decade , from 41,059 in 2006 to 39,459 in 2007 .
* People drink less .
That is to say , people who already drink , do less of it .
Using CDC data and alcohol sales statistics , Ruhm found that existing drinkers cut back , and the heaviest drinkers cut back the most .
Light drinkers , he found , actually upped the amount they drank just a little .
He speculates , in a July 2002 paper in the Journal of Health Economics , that however much economic stress may send people to the bottle , the impulse is offset by money worries and a need to spend less on alcohol .
* Healthful living improves .
This is the nuts and bolts of Ruhm ’s argument -- one he draws from those CDC survey data on health risk behaviors .
He has n’t merely found that smoking declines , weight is lost and leisure - time physical activity rises during economic downturns .
He ’s also found that the people who make the biggest changes are , fortunately , the ones who need it the most .
He sees the highest drop in tobacco use among heavy smokers , the greatest weight reduction in the severely obese , and the most increase in exercise among people who were completely inactive .
“ Health behaviors have a strong effect ” on physical well - being , he says .
And the effect he found was not just on death rates .
He found that when unemployment went up one percentage point , it meant a 1.5 % fall in the prevalence of medical problems and a 1.6 % decrease in days people reported spending in bed .
Individual actions
These economic studies are from epidemiology -- research examining trends among whole populations .
There ’s a lot of room for individual variation , enough for everyone -- the working worried and the wounded unemployed -- to make their own choices .
Take alcohol , for example .
In rough times , some people imbibe less , while others find some solace in the bottle .
“ When there are stressful times , some people will respond by drinking more as a way of coping , ” says C. David Dooley , professor of psychology and social behavior at UC Irvine .
And other people , in an effort to retain their jobs or save money , cut back .
Dooley says this has been documented in several of his studies , in which he uses large - scale survey data asking about employment security and drinking habits .
And just because heart disease overall goes down when times are bad , individuals have the power to go either way .
Some people worry their way into a heart attack , and it ’s there that a tweak in attitude could make all the difference .
Instead of just fretting when watching coworkers get pink slips , they might opt to start straightening up their own act -- figuring that a workplace that tolerated bad personal habits in good times might be more choosy when budgets get tight .
People could , theoretically , minimize the effect of economic stress on their hearts , says Merz of Cedars - Sinai .
It ’s the usual advice : Exercise more .
Eat better .
Relax .
Meditate .
Save some money by quitting smoking .
And public support for the effort would help .
“ If we actually played our cards right , put bike racks all over the city , helped people be more physically active , we could mobilize this [ economic downturn ] for the country and make it good for the heart , ” Merz says .
It ’s no surprise , Ruhm says , that when human - resources staffers give advice to the people they ’re about to lay off , they do n’t talk only about buffing up the old résumé .
“ One of the things they ’ll tell you is to eat well and exercise .
And if you feel better physically , you ’ll feel better mentally , ” he says .
“ One of the possible things going on is that when times are bad , people are actively doing those things to protect their health . ”
Doubts raised
Ruhm ’s findings have been duplicated by others .
For example , Eric Neumayer , a London economist studying the people of Germany , found lower rates of heart disease , stroke , pneumonia , influenza and motor vehicle accidents during recessions .
Still , Ruhm ’s findings remain controversial .
Catalano , the UC Berkeley economist , does n’t buy all of it .
“ I think the evidence is that the net effect of a bad economy is that health gets worse , ” he says .
Catalano ’s body of research shows that hard times affect pregnancy in the same way that a hurricane or a flood does -- which is to say , negatively .
And he ’s found that the least controversial result from research on a bad economy and health is that mental health declines ( see related stories ) .
“ It depends on which illness you ’re studying , ” he says .
Stress from any source is linked to a lot of bad health outcomes , including high blood pressure and depression .
“ Some part of the population is getting sicker , ” he says
But even skeptics agree on a few positive effects of a downturn .
People who hang onto their jobs when unemployment goes up start drinking less and fighting less and take fewer risks -- probably in an attempt to remake themselves into ideal employees .
“ They find ways to cover themselves , ” Catalano says .
“ They come to work every day .
They drink less because they do n’t want to be absent . ”
In other words , they start behaving better .
It can serve them well .
susan.brink@latimes.com
Women DON'T have a higher pain threshold than men
Women are more prone to long - term and often agonising conditions such as migraines , irritable bowel syndrome and arthritis
Doctors are failing to give women the right level of pain relief , researchers say .
It has always been assumed that women 's bodies give them a higher pain threshold than men , to help them cope with the agony of childbirth .
But a study suggests the opposite is true .
Women generally experience more recurrent pain , more severe pain and longer lasting pain than men .
Not only this , but they feel pain in different ways to the opposite sex , offering different symptoms for the same conditions .
Different hormones , body composition and central nervous systems means women are more susceptible to a range of painful conditions , according to experts at a conference for the International Association for the Study of Pain .
Dr Troels Jensen , the association 's president , said : ' Chronic pain affects a higher proportion of women than men , but unfortunately they are also less likely to receive treatment compared to men due to various cultural , economic and political barriers .
' IASP hopes to provide a voice to these women by drawing attention to this global issue as a first step towards reducing pain and suffering of women around the world . '
Even widely used , over - the - counter medicines such as paracetamol have less of an effect on women , it has been found .
Scientists told the conference in Glasgow that their findings could be used to prevent thousands of sick days each year , saving the country millions of pounds .
The research paper also claims that many doctors fail to take women patients as seriously as men , often brushing off their symptoms as ' psychological ' .
This is despite the fact that women are more prone to long term - and often agonising - conditions - such as migraines , irritable bowel syndrome and arthritis .
Cultural factors also influence a woman 's likelihood of seeking treatment for medical conditions , including pain .
In many cultures , women believe that their suffering is part of their role in society .
Additionally , treatment by a male healthcare provider may also bring shame to a woman 's family , forcing her to go without treatment .
Dr Beverly Collett , chairman of the Chronic Pain Policy Coalition , said : ' It is only in the past ten years we have started to understand these differences , and it remains an under - researched area .
' But even the knowledge we have has not filtered down and the average GP has no idea that drugs such as paracetamol and morphine work differently in women . '
A study in Sweden last year showed that women having heart attacks presented generalised pain in their shoulders and back rather than shooting pain in the chest and left arm .
Most doctors and nurses are unaware of these differences , which can have life - threatening consequences for women .
And , until recently , studies carried out on the effects of pain were always conducted on male rodents , with the assumption that the genders suffered similarly .
Neanderthal tools were just as efficient as those made by our ancestors Early stone tools developed by our species Homo sapiens were no more sophisticated than those used by our extinct relatives the Neanderthals .
That is the conclusion of researchers who recreated and compared tools used by these ancient human groups .
The findings cast doubt on suggestions that more advanced stone technologies gave modern humans a competitive edge over the Neanderthals .
The work by a US - British team appears in the Journal of Human Evolution .
The researchers recreated wide stone tools called " flakes " , which were used by both Neanderthals and early modern humans .
We know that the Neanderthals were very capable technicians
Prof Chris Stringer , NHM
They also reconstructed " blades " - a narrower stone tool later adopted by Homo sapiens .
Some archaeologists often use the development of stone blades and their assumed efficiency as evidence for the superior intellect of our species .
The team analysed the data to compare the number of tools produced , how much cutting edge was created , the efficiency in consuming raw material and how long tools lasted .
They found no statistical difference in the efficiency of the two stone technologies .
In some respects , the flakes favoured by Neanderthals were even more efficient than the blades adopted by modern humans .
Pros and cons
The result casts doubt on the idea that blades were a significant technological advance , helping our ancestors out - compete , and eventually eradicate , their evolutionary cousins the Neanderthals .
The Neanderthals ( Homo neanderthalensis ) appear in the fossil record about 400,000 years ago .
At their peak , these squat , physically powerful hunters dominated a wide area spanning Britain and Iberia in the west , Israel in the south and Siberia in the east .
Neanderthals ( l ) were different from our species ( r ) , but not inferior Meanwhile , Homo sapiens evolved in Africa , and displaced the Neanderthals after spreading into Europe about 40,000 years ago .
The last known evidence of Neanderthals comes from Gibraltar and is dated to between 28,000 and 24,000 years ago .
Lead author Metin Eren , from the University of Exeter , UK , said : " Technologically speaking , there is no clear advantage of one tool over the other .
" When we think of Neanderthals , we need to stop thinking in terms of ' stupid ' or ' less advanced ' and more in terms of ' different ' . "
He added : " Our research disputes a major pillar holding up the long - held assumption that Homo sapiens was more advanced than Neanderthals .
" It is time for archaeologists to start searching for other reasons why Neanderthals became extinct while our ancestors survived . "
Greater variety Professor Chris Stringer , head of human origins at London 's Natural History Museum , said : " There are now very few palaeoanthropologists who consider the Neanderthals to have been ' stupid ' , or who consider that they died out because they made flake rather than blade tools . "
Professor Stringer , who was not connected with the study , added : " We know that the Neanderthals were very capable technicians , and that their tools would have been excellent for activities such as butchery , working skins or wood .
" However , the blade tools manufactured by early modern humans in Europe were often modified for specialisation as piercers , chisels or engravers , and as parts of composite tools , such as harpoons .
" With modern humans we not only find a greater variety of tools , but also much greater working of difficult materials like bone , antler and ivory . "
The authors of the paper in Journal of Human Evolution suggest that , since they conferred no technological advantage , modern humans may have used blades because they had cultural meaning .
" For early Homo sapiens colonizing Ice Age Europe , a new shared and flashy - looking technology might serve as one form of social glue by which larger social networks were bonded , " said Mr Eren .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Here is an easy way to temporarily turn off STDOUT or STDERR in your Python program .
First you create a class to replace STDOUT .
This i...
Two Dogmas of Empiricism1a Willard Van Orman Quine Originally published in The Philosophical Review 60 ( 1951 ) : 20 - 43 .
Reprinted in W.V.O. Quine , From a Logical Point of View ( Harvard University Press , 1953 ; second , revised , edition 1961 ) , with the following alterations : " The version printed here diverges from the original in footnotes and in other minor respects : §§1 and 6 have been abridged where they encroach on the preceding essay [ " On What There Is " ] , and §§3 - 4 have been expanded at points . "
Except for minor changes , additions and deletions are indicated in interspersed tables .
I wish to thank Torstein Lindaas for bringing to my attention the need to distinguish more carefully the 1951 and the 1961 versions .
Endnotes ending with an " a " are in the 1951 version ; " b " in the 1961 version .
( Andrew Chrucky , Feb. 15 , 2000 ) Modern empiricism has been conditioned in large part by two dogmas .
One is a belief in some fundamental cleavage between truths which are analytic , or grounded in meanings independently of matters of fact and truths which are synthetic , or grounded in fact .
The other dogma is reductionism : the belief that each meaningful statement is equivalent to some logical construct upon terms which refer to immediate experience .
Both dogmas , I shall argue , are ill founded .
One effect of abandoning them is , as we shall see , a blurring of the supposed boundary between speculative metaphysics and natural science .
Another effect is a shift toward pragmatism .
1 . BACKGROUND FOR ANALYTICITY
Kant 's cleavage between analytic and synthetic truths was foreshadowed in Hume 's distinction between relations of ideas and matters of fact , and in Leibniz 's distinction between truths of reason and truths of fact .
Leibniz spoke of the truths of reason as true in all possible worlds .
Picturesqueness aside , this is to say that the truths of reason are those which could not possibly be false .
In the same vein we hear analytic statements defined as statements whose denials are self - contradictory .
But this definition has small explanatory value ; for the notion of self - contradictoriness , in the quite broad sense needed for this definition of analyticity , stands in exactly the same need of clarification as does the notion of analyticity itself .
2a
The two notions are the two sides of a single dubious coin .
Kant conceived of an analytic statement as one that attributes to its subject no more than is already conceptually contained in the subject .
This formulation has two shortcomings : it limits itself to statements of subject - predicate form , and it appeals to a notion of containment which is left at a metaphorical level .
But Kant 's intent , evident more from the use he makes of the notion of analyticity than from his definition of it , can be restated thus : a statement is analytic when it is true by virtue of meanings and independently of fact .
Pursuing this line , let us examine the concept of meaning which is presupposed .
( 1951 ) We must observe to begin with that meaning is not to be identified with naming or reference .
Consider Frege 's example of ' Evening Star ' and ' Morning Star . '
Understood not merely as a recurrent evening apparition but as a body , the Evening Star is the planet Venus , and the Morning Star is the same .
The two singular terms name the same thing .
But the meanings must be treated as distinct , since the identity ' Evening Star = Morning Star ' is a statement of fact established by astronomical observation .
If ' Evening Star ' and ' Morning Star ' were alike in meaning , the identity ' Evening Star = Morning Star ' would be analytic .
Again there is Russell 's example of ' Scott ' and ' the author of Waverly . '
Analysis of the meanings of words was by no means sufficient to reveal to George IV that the person named by these two singular terms was one and the same .
The distinction between meaning and naming is no less important at the level of abstract terms .
The terms ' 9 ' and ' the number of planets ' name one and the same abstract entity but presumably must be regarded as unlike in meaning ; for astronomical observation was needed , and not mere reflection on meanings , to determine the sameness of the entity in question .
Thus far we have been considering singular terms .
( 1961 ) Meaning , let us remember , is not to be identified with naming .
1 b Frege 's example of ' Evening Star ' and ' Morning Star ' and Russell 's of ' Scott ' and ' the author of Waverly ' , illustrate that terms can name the same thing but differ in meaning .
The distinction between meaning and naming is no less important at the level of abstract terms .
The terms ' 9 ' and ' the number of the planets ' name one and the same abstract entity but presumably must be regarded as unlike in meaning ; for astronomical observation was needed , and not mere reflection on meanings , to determine the sameness of the entity in question .
The above examples consist of singular terms , concrete and abstract .
With general terms , or predicates , the situation is somewhat different but parallel .
Whereas a singular term purports to name an entity , abstract or concrete , a general term does not ; but a general term is true of an entity , or of each of many , or of none .
2 b
The class of all entities of which a general term is true is called the extension of the term .
Now paralleling the contrast between the meaning of a singular term and the entity named , we must distinguish equally between the meaning of a general term and its extension .
The general terms ' creature with a heart ' and ' creature with a kidney , ' e.g. , are perhaps alike in extension but unlike in meaning .
Confusion of meaning with extension , in the case of general terms , is less common than confusion of meaning with naming in the case of singular terms .
It is indeed a commonplace in philosophy to oppose intension ( or meaning ) to extension , or , in a variant vocabulary , connotation to denotation .
The Aristotelian notion of essence was the forerunner , no doubt , of the modern notion of intension or meaning .
For Aristotle it was essential in men to be rational , accidental to be two - legged .
But there is an important difference between this attitude and the doctrine of meaning .
From the latter point of view it may indeed be conceded ( if only for the sake of argument ) that rationality is involved in the meaning of the word ' man ' while two - leggedness is not ; but two - leggedness may at the same time be viewed as involved in the meaning of ' biped ' while rationality is not .
Thus from the point of view of the doctrine of meaning it makes no sense to say of the actual individual , who is at once a man and a biped , that his rationality is essential and his two - leggedness accidental or vice versa .
Things had essences , for Aristotle , but only linguistic forms have meanings .
Meaning is what essence becomes when it is divorced from the object of reference and wedded to the word .
For the theory of meaning the most conspicuous question is as to the nature of its objects : what sort of things are meanings ?
( 1951 ) They are evidently intended to be ideas , somehow -- mental ideas for some semanticists , Platonic ideas for others .
Objects of either sort are so elusive , not to say debatable , that there seems little hope of erecting a fruitful science about them .
It is not even clear , granted meanings , when we have two and when we have one ; it is not clear when linguistic forms should be regarded as synonymous , or alike in meaning , and when they should not .
If a standard of synonymy should be arrived at , we may reasonably expect that the appeal to meanings as entities will not have played a very useful part in the enterprise .
A felt need for meant entities may derive from an earlier failure to appreciate that meaning and reference are distinct .
Once the theory of meaning is sharply separated from the theory of reference , it is a short step to recognizing as the business of the theory of meaning simply the synonymy of linguistic forms and the analyticity of statements ; meanings themselves , as obscure intermediary entities , may well be abandoned .3 b ( 1951 )
The description of analyticity as truth by virtue of meanings started us off in pursuit of a concept of meaning .
But now we have abandoned the thought of any special realm of entities called meanings .
So the problem of analyticity confronts us anew .
( 1961 ) The problem of analyticity confronts us anew .
Statements which are analytic by general philosophical acclaim are not , indeed , far to seek .
They fall into two classes .
Those of the first class , which may be called logically true , are typified by : ( 1 ) No unmarried man is married .
The relevant feature of this example is that it is not merely true as it stands , but remains true under any and all reinterpretations of ' man ' and ' married . '
If we suppose a prior inventory of logical particles , comprising ' no , ' 'un -' ' if , ' ' then , ' ' and , ' etc. , then in general a logical truth is a statement which is true and remains true under all reinterpretations of its components other than the logical particles .
But there is also a second class of analytic statements , typified by : ( 2 ) No bachelor is married .
The characteristic of such a statement is that it can be turned into a logical truth by putting synonyms for synonyms ; thus ( 2 ) can be turned into ( 1 ) by putting ' unmarried man ' for its synonym ' bachelor . '
We still lack a proper characterization of this second class of analytic statements , and therewith of analyticity generally , inasmuch as we have had in the above description to lean on a notion of ' synonymy ' which is no less in need of clarification than analyticity itself .
In recent years Carnap has tended to explain analyticity by appeal to what he calls state - descriptions .
3a
A state - description is any exhaustive assignment of truth values to the atomic , or noncompound , statements of the language .
All other statements of the language are , Carnap assumes , built up of their component clauses by means of the familiar logical devices , in such a way that the truth value of any complex statement is fixed for each state - description by specifiable logical laws .
A statement is then explained as analytic when it comes out true under every state - description .
This account is an adaptation of Leibniz 's " true in all possible worlds . "
But note that this version of analyticity serves its purpose only if the atomic statements of the language are , unlike ' John is a bachelor ' and ' John is married , ' mutually independent .
Otherwise there would be a state - description which assigned truth to ' John is a bachelor ' and falsity to ' John is married , ' and consequently ' All bachelors are married ' would turn out synthetic rather than analytic under the proposed criterion .
Thus the criterion of analyticity in terms of state - descriptions serves only for languages devoid of extralogical synonym - pairs , such as ' bachelor ' and ' unmarried man ' : synonym - pairs of the type which give rise to the " second class " of analytic statements .
The criterion in terms of state - descriptions is a reconstruction at best of logical truth .
I do not mean to suggest that Carnap is under any illusions on this point .
His simplified model language with its state - descriptions is aimed primarily not at the general problem of analyticity but at another purpose , the clarification of probability and induction .
Our problem , however , is analyticity ; and here the major difficulty lies not in the first class of analytic statements , the logical truths , but rather in the second class , which depends on the notion of synonymy .
II .
DEFINITION
There are those who find it soothing to say that the analytic statements of the second class reduce to those of the first class , the logical truths , by definition ; ' bachelor , ' for example , is defined as ' unmarried man . '
But how do we find that ' bachelor ' is defined as ' unmarried man ' ?
Who defined it thus , and when ?
Are we to appeal to the nearest dictionary , and accept the lexicographer 's formulation as law ?
Clearly this would be to put the cart before the horse .
The lexicographer is an empirical scientist , whose business is the recording of antecedent facts ; and if he glosses ' bachelor ' as ' unmarried man ' it is because of his belief that there is a relation of synonymy between these forms , implicit in general or preferred usage prior to his own work .
The notion of synonymy presupposed here has still to be clarified , presumably in terms relating to linguistic behavior .
Certainly the " definition " which is the lexicographer 's report of an observed synonymy cannot be taken as the ground of the synonymy .
Definition is not , indeed , an activity exclusively of philologists .
Philosophers and scientists frequently have occasions to " define " a recondite term by paraphrasing it into terms of a more familiar vocabulary .
But ordinarily such a definition , like the philologist 's , is pure lexicography , affirming a relationship of synonymy antecedent to the exposition in hand .
Just what it means to affirm synonymy , just what the interconnections may be which are necessary and sufficient in order that two linguistic forms be properly describable as synonymous , is far from clear ; but , whatever these interconnections may be , ordinarily they are grounded in usage .
Definitions reporting selected instances of synonymy come then as reports upon usage .
There is also , however , a variant type of definitional activity which does not limit itself to the reporting of pre-existing synonymies .
I have in mind what Carnap calls explication -- an activity to which philosophers are given , and scientists also in their more philosophical moments .
In explication the purpose is not merely to paraphrase the definiendum into an outright synonym , but actually to improve upon the definiendum by refining or supplementing its meaning .
But even explication , though not merely reporting a pre-existing synonymy between definiendum and definiens , does rest nevertheless on other pre-existing synonymies .
The matter may bc viewed as follows .
Any word worth explicating has some contexts which , as wholes , are clear and precise enough to be useful ; and the purpose of explication is to preserve the usage of these favored contexts while sharpening the usage of other contexts .
In order that a given definition be suitable for purposes of explication , therefore , what is required is not that the definiendum in its antecedent usage be synonymous with the definiens , but just that each of these favored contexts of the definiendum taken as a whole in its antecedent usage , be synonymous with the corresponding context of the definiens .
Two alternative definientia may be equally appropriate for the purposes of a given task of explication and yet not be synonymous with each other ; for they may serve interchangeably within the favored contexts but diverge elsewhere .
By cleaving to one of these definientia rather than the other , a definition of explicative kind generates , by fiat , a relationship of synonymy between definiendum and definiens which did not hold before .
But such a definition still owes its explicative function , as seen , to pre-existing synonymies .
There does , however , remain still an extreme sort of definition which does not hark back to prior synonymies at all ; namely , the explicitly conventional introduction of novel notations for purposes of sheer abbreviation .
Here the definiendum becomes synonymous with the definiens simply because it has been created expressly for the purpose of being synonymous with the definiens .
Here we have a really transparent case of synonymy created by definition ; would that all species of synonymy were as intelligible .
For the rest , definition rests on synonymy rather than explaining it .
The word " definition " has come to have a dangerously reassuring sound , due no doubt to its frequent occurrence in logical and mathematical writings .
We shall do well to digress now into a brief appraisal of the role of definition in formal work .
In logical and mathematical systems either of two mutually antagonistic types of economy may be striven for , and each has its peculiar practical utility .
On the one hand we may seek economy of practical expression : ease and brevity in the statement of multifarious relationships .
This sort of economy calls usually for distinctive concise notations for a wealth of concepts .
Second , however , and oppositely , we may seek economy in grammar and vocabulary ; we may try to find a minimum of basic concepts such that , once a distinctive notation has been appropriated to each of them , it becomes possible to express any desired further concept by mere combination and iteration of our basic notations .
This second sort of economy is impractical in one way , since a poverty in basic idioms tends to a necessary lengthening of discourse .
But it is practical in another way : it greatly simplifies theoretical discourse about the language , through minimizing the terms and the forms of construction wherein the language consists .
Both sorts of economy , though prima facie incompatible , are valuable in their separate ways .
The custom has consequently arisen of combining both sorts of economy by forging in effect two languages , the one a part of the other .
The inclusive language , though redundant in grammar and vocabulary , is economical in message lengths , while the part , called primitive notation , is economical in grammar and vocabulary .
Whole and part are correlated by rules of translation whereby each idiom not in primitive notation is equated to some complex built up of primitive notation .
These rules of translation are the so - called definitions which appear in formalized systems .
They are best viewed not as adjuncts to one language but as correlations between two languages , the one a part of the other .
But these correlations are not arbitrary .
They are supposed to show how the primitive notations can accomplish all purposes , save brevity and convenience , of the redundant language .
Hence the definiendum and its definiens may be expected , in each case , to bc related in one or another of the three ways lately noted .
The definiens may be a faithful paraphrase of the definiendum into the narrower notation , preserving a direct synonymy5b as of antecedent usage ; or the definiens may , in the spirit of explication , improve upon the antecedent usage of the definiendum ; or finally , the definiendum may be a newly created notation , newly endowed with meaning here and now .
In formal and informal work alike , thus , we find that definition -- except in the extreme case of the explicitly conventional introduction of new notation -- hinges on prior relationships of synonymy .
Recognizing then that the notation of definition does not hold the key to synonymy and analyticity , let us look further into synonymy and say no more of definition .
III .
INTERCHANGEABILITY
A natural suggestion , deserving close examination , is that the synonymy of two linguistic forms consists simply in their interchangeability in all contexts without change of truth value ; interchangeability , in Leibniz 's phrase , salva veritate .5 6 b Note that synonyms so conceived need not even be free from vagueness , as long as the vaguenesses match .
But it is not quite true that the synonyms ' bachelor ' and ' unmarried man ' are everywhere interchangeable salva veritate .
Truths which become false under substitution of ' unmarried man ' for ' bachelor ' are easily constructed with help of ' bachelor of arts ' or ' bachelor 's buttons . '
Also with help of quotation , thus : ' Bachelor ' has less than ten letters .
Such counterinstances can , however , perhaps be set aside by treating the phrases ' bachelor of arts ' and ' bachelor 's buttons ' and the quotation " bachelor " each as a single indivisible word and then stipulating that the interchangeability salva veritate which is to be the touchstone of synonymy is not supposed to apply to fragmentary occurrences inside of a word .
This account of synonymy , supposing it acceptable on other counts , has indeed the drawback of appealing to a prior conception of " word " which can be counted on to present difficulties of formulation in its turn .
Nevertheless some progress might be claimed in having reduced the problem of synonymy to a problem of wordhood .
Let us pursue this line a bit , taking " word " for granted .
The question remains whether interchangeability salva veritate ( apart from occurrences within words ) is a strong enough condition for synonymy , or whether , on the contrary , some non-synonymous expressions might be thus interchangeable .
Now let us be clear that we are not concerned here with synonymy in the sense of complete identity in psychological associations or poetic quality ; indeed no two expressions are synonymous in such a sense .
We are concerned only with what may be called cognitive synonymy .
Just what this is cannot be said without successfully finishing the present study ; but we know something about it from the need which arose for it in connection with analyticity in Section 1 .
The sort of synonymy needed there was merely such that any analytic statement could be turned into a logical truth by putting synonyms for synonyms .
Turning the tables and assuming analyticity , indeed , we could explain cognitive synonymy of terms as follows ( keeping to the familiar example ) : to say that ' bachelor ' and ' unmarried man ' are cognitively synonymous is to say no more nor less than that the statement : ( 3 ) All and only bachelors are unmarried men is analytic .
4a 7 b
What we need is an account of cognitive synonymy not presupposing analyticity -- if we are to explain analyticity conversely with help of cognitive synonymy as undertaken in Section 1 .
And indeed such an independent account of cognitive synonymy is at present up for consideration , namely , interchangeability salva veritate everywhere except within words .
The question before us , to resume the thread at last , is whether such interchangeability is a sufficient condition for cognitive synonymy .
We can quickly assure ourselves that it is , by examples of the following sort .
The statement : ( 4 ) Necessarily all and only bachelors are bachelors is evidently true , even supposing ' necessarily ' so narrowly construed as to be truly applicable only to analytic statements .
Then , if ' bachelor ' and ' unmarried man ' are interchangeable salva veritate , the result ( 5 ) Necessarily , all and only bachelors are unmarried men of putting ' unmarried man ' for an occurrence of ' bachelor ' in ( 4 ) must , like ( 4 ) , be true .
But to say that ( 5 ) is true is to say that ( 3 ) is analytic , and hence that ' bachelor ' and ' unmarried man ' are cognitively synonymous .
Let us see what there is about the above argument that gives it its air of hocus - pocus .
The condition of interchangeability salva veritate varies in its force with variations in the richness of the language at hand .
The above argument supposes we are working with a language rich enough to contain the adverb ' necessarily , ' this adverb being so construed as to yield truth when and only when applied to an analytic statement .
But can we condone a language which contains such an adverb ?
Does the adverb really make sense ?
To suppose that it does is to suppose that we have already made satisfactory sense of ' analytic . '
Then what are we so hard at work on right now ?
Our argument is not flatly circular , but something like it .
It has the form , figuratively speaking , of a closed curve in space .
Interchangeability salva veritate is meaningless until relativized to a language whose extent is specified in relevant respects .
Suppose now we consider a language containing just the following materials .
There is an indefinitely large stock of one - and many - place predicates , ( 1951 ) There is an indefinitely large stock of one - and many - place predicates , ( 1961 ) There is an indefinitely large stock of one - place predicates , ( for example , ' F ' where ' Fx ' means that x is a man ) and many - placed predicates ( for example , ' G ' where ' Gxy ' means that x loves y , mostly having to do with extralogical subject matter .
The rest of the language is logical .
The atomic sentences consist each of a predicate followed by one or more variables ' x ' , 'y ' , etc. ; and the complex sentences are built up of atomic ones by truth functions ( ' not ' , ' and ' , ' or ' , etc. ) and quantification .
8 b
In effect such a language enjoys the benefits also of descriptions and class names and indeed singular terms generally , these being contextually definable in known ways .
5a 9 b ( 1961 )
Even abstract singular terms naming classes , classes of classes , etc. , are contextually definable in case the assumed stock of predicates includes the two - place predicate of class membership .
10 b ( 1951 ) Such a language can be adequate to classical mathematics and indeed to scientific discourse generally , except in so far as the latter involves debatable devices such as modal adverbs and contrary - to - fact conditionals .
( 1961 ) Such a language can be adequate to classical mathematics and indeed to scientific discourse generally , except in so far as the latter involves debatable devices such as contrary - to - fact conditionals or modal adverbs like ' necessarily ' .
11 b
Now a language of this type is extensional , in this sense : any two predicates which agree extensionally ( i.e. , are true of the same objects ) are interchangeable salva veritate .
12 b
In an extensional language , therefore , interchangeability salva veritate is no assurance of cognitive synonymy of the desired type .
That ' bachelor ' and ' unmarried man ' are interchangeable salva veritate in an extensional language assures us of no more than that ( 3 ) is true .
There is no assurance here that the extensional agreement of ' bachelor ' and ' unmarried man ' rests on meaning rather than merely on accidental matters of fact , as does extensional agreement of ' creature with a heart ' and ' creature with a kidney . '
For most purposes extensional agreement is the nearest approximation to synonymy we need care about .
But the fact remains that extensional agreement falls far short of cognitive synonymy of the type required for explaining analyticity in the manner of Section I .
The type of cognitive synonymy required there is such as to equate the synonymy of ' bachelor ' and ' unmarried man ' with the analyticity of ( 3 ) , not merely with the truth of ( 3 ) .
So we must recognize that interchangeability salva veritate , if construed in relation to an extensional language , is not a sufficient condition of cognitive synonymy in the sense needed for deriving analyticity in the manner of Section I .
If a language contains an intensional adverb ' necessarily ' in the sense lately noted , or other particles to the same effect , then interchangeability salva veritate in such a language does afford a sufficient condition of cognitive synonymy ; but such a language is intelligible only if the notion of analyticity is already clearly understood in advance .
The effort to explain cognitive synonymy first , for the sake of deriving analyticity from it afterward as in Section I , is perhaps the wrong approach .
Instead we might try explaining analyticity somehow without appeal to cognitive synonymy .
Afterward we could doubtless derive cognitive synonymy from analyticity satisfactorily enough if desired .
We have seen that cognitive synonymy of ' bachelor ' and ' unmarried man ' can be explained as analyticity of ( 3 ) .
The same explanation works for any pair of one - place predicates , of course , and it can be extended in obvious fashion to many - place predicates .
Other syntactical categories can also he accommodated in fairly parallel fashion .
Singular terms may be said to be cognitively synonymous when the statement of identity formed by putting ' = ' between them is analytic .
Statements may be said simply to be cognitively synonymous when their biconditional ( the result of joining them by ' if and only if ' ) is analytic .
6a 13 b
If we care to lump all categories into a single formulation , at the expense of assuming again the notion of " word " which was appealed to early in this section , we can describe any two linguistic forms as cognitively synonymous when the two forms are interchangeable ( apart from occurrences within " words " ) salva ( no longer veritate but ) analyticitate .
Certain technical questions arise , indeed , over cases of ambiguity or homonymy ; let us not pause for them , however , for we are already digressing .
Let us rather turn our backs on the problem of synonymy and address ourselves anew to that of analyticity .
IV .
SEMANTICAL RULES
Analyticity at first seemed most naturally definable by appeal to a realm of meanings .
On refinement , the appeal to meanings gave way to an appeal to synonymy or definition .
But definition turned out to be a will - o'- the - wisp , and synonymy turned out to be best understood only by dint of a prior appeal to analyticity itself .
So we are back at the problem of analyticity .
I do not know whether the statement ' Everything green is extended ' is analytic .
Now does my indecision over this example really betray an incomplete understanding , an incomplete grasp of the " meanings , " of ' green ' and ' extended ' ?
I think not .
The trouble is not with ' green ' or ' extended , ' but with ' analytic . '
It is often hinted that the difficulty in separating analytic statements from synthetic ones in ordinary language is due to the vagueness of ordinary language and that the distinction is clear when we have a precise artificial language with explicit " semantical rules . "
This , however , as I shall now attempt to show , is a confusion .
The notion of analyticity about which we are worrying is a purported relation between statements and languages : a statement S is said to be analytic for a language L , and the problem is to make sense of this relation generally , for example , for variable ' S ' and ' L . '
The point that I want to make is that the gravity of this problem is not perceptibly less for artificial languages than for natural ones .
The problem of making sense of the idiom ' S is analytic for L , ' with variable ' S ' and ' L , ' retains its stubbornness even if we limit the range of the variable ' L ' to artificial languages .
Let me now try to make this point evident .
For artificial languages and semantical rules we look naturally to the writings of Carnap .
His semantical rules take various forms , and to make my point I shall have to distinguish certain of the forms .
Let us suppose , to begin with , an artificial language L 0 whose semantical rules have the form explicitly of a specification , by recursion or otherwise , of all the analytic statements of L 0 .
The rules tell us that such and such statements , and only those , are the analytic statements of L 0 .
Now here the difficulty is simply that the rules contain the word ' analytic , ' which we do not understand !
We understand what expressions the rules attribute analyticity to , but we do not understand what the rules attribute to those expressions .
In short , before we can understand a rule which begins " A statement S is analytic for language L 0 if and only if . . . , " we must understand the general relative term ' analytic for ' ; we must understand ' S is analytic for L ' where ' S ' and ' L ' are variables .
Alternatively we may , indeed , view the so - called rule as a conventional definition of a new simple symbol ' analytic - for - L 0 , ' which might better be written untendentiously as ' K ' so as not to seem to throw light on the interesting word " analytic . "
Obviously any number of classes K , M , N , etc. , of statements of L 0 can be specified for various purposes or for no purpose ; what does it mean to say that K , as against M , N , etc. , is the class of the ' analytic ' statements of L 0 ?
By saying what statements are analytic for L 0 we explain ' analytic - for L 0 ' but not ' analytic for . '
We do not begin to explain the idiom ' S is analytic for L ' with variable ' S ' and ' L , ' even though we be content to limit the range of ' L ' to the realm of artificial languages .
Actually we do know enough about the intended significance of ' analytic ' to know that analytic statements are supposed to be true .
Let us then turn to a second form of semantical rule , which says not that such and such statements are analytic but simply that such and such statements are included among the truths .
Such a rule is not subject to the criticism of containing the un-understood word ' analytic ' ; and we may grant for the sake of argument that there is no difficulty over the broader term ' true . '
A semantical rule of this second type , a rule of truth , is not supposed to specify all the truths of the language ; it merely stipulates , recursively or otherwise , a certain multitude of statements which , along with others unspecified , are to count as true .
Such a rule may be conceded to be quite clear .
Derivatively , afterward , analyticity can be demarcated thus : a statement is analytic if it is ( not merely true but ) true according to the semantical rule .
Still there is really no progress .
Instead of appealing to an unexplained word ' analytic , ' we are now appealing to an unexplained phrase ' semantical rule . '
Not every true statement which says that the statements of some class are true can count as a semantical rule -- otherwise all truths would be " analytic " in the sense of being true according to semantical rules .
Semantical rules are distinguishable , apparently , only by the fact of appearing on a page under the heading ' Semantical Rules ' ; and this heading is itself then meaningless .
We can say indeed that a statement is analytic - for - L 0 if and only if it is true according to such and such specifically appended " semantical rules , " but then we find ourselves back at essentially the same case which was originally discussed : ' S is analytic - for - L 0 if and only if .
. . .'
Once we seek to explain ' S is analytic for L ' generally for variable ' L ' ( even allowing limitation of ' L ' to artificial languages ) , the explanation ' true according to the semantical rules of L ' is unavailing ; for the relative term ' semantical rule of ' is as much in need of clarification , at least , as ' analytic for . '
( 1961 ) It may be instructive to compare the notion of semantical rule with that of postulate .
Relative to the given set of postulates , it is easy to say that what a postulate is : it is a member of the set .
Relative to a given set of semantical rules , it is equally easy to say what a semantical rule is .
But given simply a notation , mathematical or otherwise , and indeed as thoroughly understood a notation as you please in point of the translation or truth conditions of its statements , who can say which of its true statements rank as postulates ?
Obviously the question is meaningless -- as meaningless as asking which points in Ohio are starting points .
Any finite ( or effectively specifiable infinite ) selection of statements ( preferably true ones , perhaps ) is as much a set of postulates as any other .
The word ' postulate ' is significant only relative to an act of inquiry ; we apply the word to a set of statements just in so far as we happen , for the year or the argument , to be thinking of those statements which can be reached from them by some set of trasformations to which we have seen fit to direct our attention .
Now the notion of semantical rule is as sensible and meaningful as that of postulate , if conceived in a similarly relative spirit -- relative , this time , to one or another particular enterprise of schooling unconversant persons in sufficient conditions for truth of statements of some natural or artificial language L.
But from this point of view no one signalization of a subclass of the truths of L is intrinsically more a semantical rule than another ; and , if ' analytic ' means ' true by semantical rules ' , no one truth of L is analytic to the exclusion of another .
14 b
It might conceivably be protested that an artificial language L ( unlike a natural one ) is a language in the ordinary sense plus a set of explicit semantical rules -- the whole constituting , let us say , an ordered pair ; and that the semantical rules of L then are specifiable simply as the second component of the pair L. But , by the same token and more simply , we might construe an artificial language L outright as an ordered pair whose second component is the class of its analytic statements ; and then the analytic statements of L become specifiable simply as the statements in the second component of L .
Or better still , we might just stop tugging at our bootstraps altogether .
Not all the explanations of analyticity known to Carnap and his readers have been covered explicitly in the above considerations , but the extension to other forms is not hard to see .
Just one additional factor should be mentioned which sometimes enters : sometimes the semantical rules are in effect rules of translation into ordinary language , in which case the analytic statements of the artificial language are in effect recognized as such from the analyticity of their specified translations in ordinary language .
Here certainly there can be no thought of an illumination of the problem of analyticity from the side of the artificial language .
From the point of view of the problem of analyticity the notion of an artificial language with semantical rules is a feu follet par ercellence .
Semantical rules determining the analytic statements of an artificial language are of interest only in so far as we already understand the notion of analyticity ; they are of no help in gaining this understanding .
Appeal to hypothetical languages of an artificially simple kind could conceivably bc useful in clarifying analyticity , if the mental or behavioral or cultural factors relevant to analyticity -- whatever they may be -- were somehow sketched into the simplified model .
But a model which takes analyticity merely as an irreducible character is unlikely to throw light on the problem of explicating analyticity .
It is obvious that truth in general depends on both language and extra-linguistic fact .
The statement ' Brutus killed Caesar ' would be false if the world had been different in certain ways , but it would also be false if the word ' killed ' happened rather to have the sense of ' begat . '
Hence the temptation to suppose in general that the truth of a statement is somehow analyzable into a linguistic component and a factual component .
Given this supposition , it next seems reasonable that in some statements the factual component should be null ; and these are the analytic statements .
But , for all its a priori reasonableness , a boundary between analytic and synthetic statement simply has not been drawn .
That there is such a distinction to be drawn at all is an unempirical dogma of empiricists , a metaphysical article of faith .
V. THE VERIFICATION THEORY AND REDUCTIONISM
In the course of these somber reflections we have taken a dim view first of the notion of meaning , then of the notion of cognitive synonymy : and finally of the notion of analyticity .
But what , it may be asked , of the verification theory of meaning ?
This phrase has established itself so firmly as a catchword of empiricism that we should be very unscientific indeed not to look beneath it for a possible key to the problem of meaning and the associated problems .
The verification theory of meaning , which has been conspicuous in the literature from Peirce onward , is that the meaning of a statement is the method of empirically confirming or infirming it .
An analytic statement is that limiting case which is confirmed no matter what .
As urged in Section I , we can as well pass over the question of meanings as entities and move straight to sameness of meaning , or synonymy .
Then what the verification theory says is that statements are synonymous if and only if they are alike in point of method of empirical confirmation or infirmation .
This is an account of cognitive synonymy not of linguistic forms generally , but of statements .
7a 15 b
However , from the concept of synonymy of statements we could derive the concept of synonymy for other linguistic forms , by considerations somewhat similar to those at the end of Section III .
Assuming the notion of " word , " indeed , we could explain any two forms as synonymous when the putting of the one form for an occurrence of the other in any statement ( apart from occurrences within " words " ) yields a synonymous statement .
Finally , given the concept of synonymy thus for linguistic forms generally , we could define analyticity in terms of synonymy and logical truth as in Section I .
For that matter , we could define analyticity more simply in terms of just synonymy of statements together with logical truth ; it is not necessary to appeal to synonymy of linguistic forms other than statements .
For a statement may be described as analytic simply when it is synonymous with a logically true statement .
So , if the verification theory can be accepted as an adequate account of statement synonymy , the notion of analyticity is saved after all .
However , let us reflect .
Statement synonymy is said to be likeness of method of empirical confirmation or infirmation .
Just what are these methods which are to be compared for likeness ?
What , in other words , is the nature of the relationship between a statement and the experiences which contribute to or detract from its confirmation ?
The most naive view of the relationship is that it is one of direct report .
This is radical reductionism .
Every meaningful statement is held to be translatable into a statement ( true or false ) about immediate experience .
Radical reductionism , in one form or another , well antedates the verification theory of meaning explicitly so called .
Thus Locke and Hume held that every idea must either originate directly in sense experience or else be compounded of ideas thus originating ; and taking a hint from Tooke7a we might rephrase this doctrine in semantical jargon by saying that a term , to be significant at all , must be either a name of a sense datum or a compound of such names or an abbreviation of such a compound .
So stated , the doctrine remains ambiguous as between sense data as sensory events and sense data as sensory qualities ; and it remains vague as to the admissible ways of compounding .
Moreover , the doctrine is unnecessarily and intolerably restrictive in the term - by - term critique which it imposes .
More reasonably , and without yet exceeding the limits of what I have called radical reductionism , we may take full statements as our significant units -- thus demanding that our statements as wholes be translatable into sense - datum language , but not that they be translatable term by term .
( 1951 ) This emendation would unquestionably have been welcome to Locke and Hume and Tooke , but historically it had to await two intermediate developments .
One of these developments was the increasing emphasis on verification or confirmation , which came with the explicitly so - called verification theory of meaning .
The objects of verification or confirmation being statements , this emphasis gave the statement an ascendancy over the word or term as unit of significant discourse .
The other development , consequent upon the first , was Russell 's discovery of the concept of incomplete symbols defined in use .
( 1961 ) This emendation would unquestionably have been welcome to Locke and Hume and Tooke , but historically it had to await an important reorientation in semantics -- the reorientation whereby the primary vehicle of meaning came to be seen no longer in the term but in the statement .
This reorientation , explicit in Frege ( Gottlieb Frege , Foundations of Arithmetic ( New York : Philosophical Library , 1950 ) .
Reprinted in Grundlagen der Arithmetik ( Breslau , 1884 ) with English translations in parallel .
Section 60 ) , underlies Russell 'a concept of incomplete symbols defined in use ; 16 b also it is implicit in the verification theory of meaning , since the objects of verification are statements .
Radical reductionism , conceived now with statements as units , sets itself the task of specifying a sense - datum language and showing how to translate the rest of significant discourse , statement by statement , into it .
Carnap embarked on this project in the Aufbau . 9a
The language which Carnap adopted as his starting point was not a sense - datum language in the narrowest conceivable sense , for it included also the notations of logic , up through higher set theory .
In effect it included the whole language of pure mathematics .
The ontology implicit in it ( i.e. , the range of values of its variables ) embraced not only sensory events but classes , classes of classes , and so on .
Empiricists there are who would boggle at such prodigality .
Carnap 's starting point is very parsimonious , however , in its extralogical or sensory part .
In a series of constructions in which he exploits the resources of modern logic with much ingenuity , Carnap succeeds in defining a wide array of important additional sensory concepts which , but for his constructions , one would not have dreamed were definable on so slender a basis .
Carnap was the first empiricist who , not content with asserting the reducibility of science to terms of immediate experience , took serious steps toward carrying out the reduction .
Even supposing Carnap 's starting point satisfactory , his constructions were , as he himself stressed , only a fragment of the full program .
The construction of even the simplest statements about the physical world was left in a sketchy state .
Carnap 's suggestions on this subject were , despite their sketchiness , very suggestive .
He explained spatio - temporal point - instants as quadruples of real numbers and envisaged assignment of sense qualities to point - instants according to certain canons .
Roughly summarized , the plan was that qualities should be assigned to point - instants in such a way as to achieve the laziest world compatible with our experience .
The principle of least action was to be our guide in constructing a world from experience .
Carnap did not seem to recognize , however , that his treatment of physical objects fell short of reduction not merely through sketchiness , but in principle .
Statements of the form ' Quality q is at point - instant x ; y ; z ; t ' were , according to his canons , to be apportioned truth values in such a way as to maximize and minimize certain over - all features , and with growth of experience the truth values were to be progressively revised in the same spirit .
I think this is a good schematization ( deliberately oversimplified , to be sure ) of what science really does ; but it provides no indication , not even the sketchiest , of how a statement of the form ' Quality q is at x ; y ; z ; t ' could ever be translated into Carnap 's initial language of sense data and logic .
The connective ' is at ' remains an added undefined connective ; the canons counsel us in its use but not in its elimination .
Carnap seems to have appreciated this point afterward ; for in his later writings he abandoned all notion of the translatability of statements about the physical world into statements about immediate experience .
Reductionism in its radical form has long since ceased to figure in Carnap 's philosophy .
But the dogma of reductionism has , in a subtler and more tenuous form , continued to influence the thought of empiricists .
The notion lingers that to each statement , or each synthetic statement , there is associated a unique range of possible sensory events such that the occurrence of any of them would add to the likelihood of truth of the statement , and that there is associated also another unique range of possible sensory events whose occurrence would detract from that likelihood .
This notion is of course implicit in the verification theory of meaning .
The dogma of reductionism survives in the supposition that each statement , taken in isolation from its fellows , can admit of confirmation or infirmation at all .
My countersuggestion , issuing essentially from Carnap 's doctrine of the physical world in the Aufbau , is that our statements about the external world face the tribunal of sense experience not individually but only as a corporate body .
17 b
The dogma of reductionism , even in its attenuated form , is intimately connected with the other dogma : that there is a cleavage between the analytic and the synthetic .
We have found ourselves led , indeed , from the latter problem to the former through the verification theory of meaning .
More directly , the one dogma clearly supports the other in this way : as long as it is taken to be significant in general to speak of the confirmation and infirmation of a statement , it seems significant to speak also of a limiting kind of statement which is vacuously confirmed , ipso facto , come what may ; and such a statement is analytic .
The two dogmas are , indeed , at root identical .
We lately reflected that in general the truth of statements does obviously depend both upon extra-linguistic fact ; and we noted that this obvious circumstance carries in its train , not logically but all too naturally , a feeling that the truth of a statement is somehow analyzable into a linguistic component and a factual component .
The factual component must , if we are empiricists , boil down to a range of confirmatory experiences .
In the extreme case where the linguistic component is all that matters , a true statement is analytic .
But I hope we are now impressed with how stubbornly the distinction between analytic and synthetic has resisted any straightforward drawing .
I am impressed also , apart from prefabricated examples of black and white balls in an urn , with how baffling the problem has always been of arriving at any explicit theory of the empirical confirmation of a synthetic statement .
My present suggestion is that it is nonsense , and the root of much nonsense , to speak of a linguistic component and a factual component in the truth of any individual statement .
Taken collectively , science has its double dependence upon language and experience ; but this duality is not significantly traceable into the statements of science taken one by one .
( 1951 ) Russell 's concept of definition in use was , as remarked , an advance over the impossible term - by - term empiricism of Locke and Hume .
The statement , rather than the term , came with Russell to be recognized as the unit accountable to an empiricist critique .
( 1961 ) The idea of defining a symbol in use was , as remarked , an advance over the impossible term - by - term empiricism of Locke and Hume .
The statement , rather than the term , came with Frege to be recognized as the unit accountable to an empiricist critique .
But what I am now urging is that even in taking the statement as unit we have drawn our grid too finely .
The unit of empirical significance is the whole of science .
VI .
EMPIRICISM WITHOUT THE DOGMAS
The totality of our so - called knowledge or beliefs , from the most casual matters of geography and history to the profoundest laws of atomic physics or even of pure mathematics and logic , is a man-made fabric which impinges on experience only along the edges .
Or , to change the figure , total science is like a field of force whose boundary conditions are experience .
A conflict with experience at the periphery occasions readjustments in the interior of the field .
Truth values have to be redistributed over some of our statements .
Re-evaluation of some statements entails re-evaluation of others , because of their logical interconnections -- the logical laws being in turn simply certain further statements of the system , certain further elements of the field .
Having re-evaluated one statement we must re-evaluate some others , whether they be statements logically connected with the first or whether they be the statements of logical connections themselves .
But the total field is so undetermined by its boundary conditions , experience , that there is much latitude of choice as to what statements to re-evaluate in the light of any single contrary experience .
No particular experiences are linked with any particular statements in the interior of the field , except indirectly through considerations of equilibrium affecting the field as a whole .
If this view is right , it is misleading to speak of the empirical content of an individual statement -- especially if it be a statement at all remote from the experiential periphery of the field .
Furthermore it becomes folly to seek a boundary between synthetic statements , which hold contingently on experience , and analytic statements which hold come what may .
Any statement can be held true come what may , if we make drastic enough adjustments elsewhere in the system .
Even a statement very close to the periphery can be held true in the face of recalcitrant experience by pleading hallucination or by amending certain statements of the kind called logical laws .
Conversely , by the same token , no statement is immune to revision .
Revision even of the logical law of the excluded middle has been proposed as a means of simplifying quantum mechanics ; and what difference is there in principle between such a shift and the shift whereby Kepler superseded Ptolemy , or Einstein Newton , or Darwin Aristotle ?
For vividness I have been speaking in terms of varying distances from a sensory periphery .
Let me try now to clarify this notion without metaphor .
Certain statements , though about physical objects and not sense experience , seem peculiarly germane to sense experience -- and in a selective way : some statements to some experiences , others to others .
Such statements , especially germane to particular experiences , I picture as near the periphery .
But in this relation of " germaneness " I envisage nothing more than a loose association reflecting the relative likelihood , in practice , of our choosing one statement rather than another for revision in the event of recalcitrant experience .
For example , we can imagine recalcitrant experiences to which we would surely be inclined to accommodate our system by re-evaluating just the statement that there are brick houses on Elm Street , together with related statements on the same topic .
We can imagine other recalcitrant experiences to which we would be inclined to accommodate our system by re-evaluating just the statement that there are no centaurs , along with kindred statements .
A recalcitrant experience can , I have already urged , bc accommodated by any of various alternative re-evaluations in various alternative quarters of the total system ; but , in the cases which we are now imagining , our natural tendency to disturb the total system as little as possible would lead us to focus our revisions upon these specific statements concerning brick houses or centaurs .
These statements are felt , therefore , to have a sharper empirical reference than highly theoretical statements of physics or logic or ontology .
The latter statements may be thought of as relatively centrally located within the total network , meaning merely that little preferential connection with any particular sense data obtrudes itself .
As an empiricist I continue to think of the conceptual scheme of science as a tool , ultimately , for predicting future experience in the light of past experience .
Physical objects are conceptually imported into the situation as convenient intermediaries -- not by definition in terms of experience , but simply as irreducible posits18 b comparable , epistemologically , to the gods of Homer .
Let me interject that for my part I do , qua lay physicist , believe in physical objects and not in Homer 's gods ; and I consider it a scientific error to believe otherwise .
But in point of epistemological footing the physical objects and the gods differ only in degree and not in kind .
Both sorts of entities enter our conception only as cultural posits .
The myth of physical objects is epistemologically superior to most in that it has proved more efficacious than other myths as a device for working a manageable structure into the flux of experience .
( 1951 ) Imagine , for the sake of analogy , that we are given the rational numbers .
We develop an algebraic theory for reasoning about them , but we find it inconveniently complex , because certain functions such as square root lack values for some arguments .
Then it is discovered that the rules of our algebra can be much simplified by conceptually augmenting our ontology with some mythical entities , to be called irrational numbers .
All we continue to be really interested in , first and last , are rational numbers ; but we find that we can commonly get from one law about rational numbers to another much more quickly and simply by pretending that the irrational numbers are there too .
I think this a fair account of the introduction of irrational numbers and other extensions of the number system .
The fact that the mythical status of irrational numbers eventually gave way to the Dedekind - Russell version of them as certain infinite classes of ratios is irrelevant to my analogy .
That version is impossible anyway as long as reality is limited to the rational numbers and not extended to classes of them .
Now I suggest that experience is analogous to the rational numbers and that the physical objects , in analogy to the irrational numbers , are posits which serve merely to simplify our treatment of experience .
The physical objects are no more reducible to experience than the irrational numbers to rational numbers , but their incorporation into the theory enables us to get more easily from one statement about experience to another .
The salient differences between the positing of physical objects and the positing of irrational numbers are , I think , just two .
First , the factor of simplication is more overwhelming in the case of physical objects than in the numerical case .
Second , the positing of physical objects is far more archaic , being indeed coeval , I expect , with language itself .
For language is social and so depends for its development upon intersubjective reference .
Positing does not stop with macroscopic physical objects .
Objects at the atomic level and beyond are posited to make the laws of macroscopic objects , and ultimately the laws of experience , simpler and more manageable ; and we need not expect or demand full definition of atomic and subatomic entities in terms of macroscopic ones , any more than definition of macroscopic things in terms of sense data .
Science is a continuation of common sense , and it continues the common - sense expedient of swelling ontology to simplify theory .
Physical objects , small and large , are not the only posits .
Forces are another example ; and indeed we are told nowadays that the boundary between energy and matter is obsolete .
Moreover , the abstract entities which are the substance of mathematics -- ultimately classes and classes of classes and so on up -- are another posit in the same spirit .
Epistemologically these are myths on the same footing with physical objects and gods , neither better nor worse except for differences in the degree to which they expedite our dealings with sense experiences .
The over - all algebra of rational and irrational numbers is underdetermined by the algebra of rational numbers , but is smoother and more convenient ; and it includes the algebra of rational numbers as a jagged or gerrymandered part .
19 b
Total science , mathematical and natural and human , is similarly but more extremely underdetermined by experience .
The edge of the system must be kept squared with experience ; the rest , with all its elaborate myths or fictions , has as its objective the simplicity of laws .
Ontological questions , under this view , are on a par with questions of natural science .
20 b Consider the question whether to countenance classes as entities .
This , as I have argued elsewhere , 10a21b is the question whether to quantify with respect to variables which take classes as values .
Now Carnap [ " Empiricism , semantics , and ontology , " Revue internationale de philosophie 4 ( 1950 ) , 20 - 40 . ] has maintained 11a that this is a question not of matters of fact but of choosing a convenient language form , a convenient conceptual scheme or framework for science .
With this I agree , but only on the proviso that the same be conceded regarding scientific hypotheses generally .
Carnap has recognized 12a that he is able to preserve a double standard for ontological questions and scientific hypotheses only by assuming an absolute distinction between the analytic and the synthetic ; and I need not say again that this is a distinction which I reject .
22 b ( 1951 )
Some issues do , I grant , seem more a question of convenient conceptual scheme and others more a question of brute fact .
The issue over there being classes seems more a question of convenient conceptual scheme ; the issue over there being centaurs , or brick houses on Elm Street , seems more a question of fact .
But I have been urging that this difference is only one of degree , and that it turns upon our vaguely pragmatic inclination to adjust one strand of the fabric of science rather than another in accommodating some particular recalcitrant experience .
Conservatism figures in such choices , and so does the quest for simplicity .
Carnap , Lewis , and others take a pragmatic stand on the question of choosing between language forms , scientific frameworks ; but their pragmatism leaves off at the imagined boundary between the analytic and the synthetic .
In repudiating such a boundary I espouse a more thorough pragmatism .
Each man is given a scientific heritage plus a continuing barrage of sensory stimulation ; and the considerations which guide him in warping his scientific heritage to fit his continuing sensory promptings are , where rational , pragmatic .
Notes 1a .
Much of this paper is devoted to a critique of analyticity which I have been urging orally and in correspondence for years past .
My debt to the other participants in those discussions , notably Carnap , Church , Goodman , Tarski , and White , is large and indeterminate .
White 's excellent essay " The Analytic and the Synthetic : An Untenable Dualism , " in John Dewey : Philosopher of Science and Freedom ( New York , 1950 ) , says much of what needed to be said on the topic ; but in the present paper I touch on some further aspects of the problem .
I am grateful to Dr. Donald L. Davidson for valuable criticism of the first draft .
2a . See White , " The Analytic and the Synthetic : An Untenable Dualism , " John Dewey : Philosopher of Science and Freedom ( New York : 1950 ) , p. 324 .
1 b . See " On What There Is , " p. 9 . 3 a .
R. Carnap , Meaning and Necessity ( Chicago , 1947 ) , pp. 9 ff. ; Logical Foundations of Probability ( Chicago , 1950 ) , pp. 70 ff. 2b .
See " On What There Is , " p. 10 .
4a .
This is cognitive synonymy in a primary , broad sense .
Carnap ( Meaning and Necessity , pp. 56 ff. ) and Lewis ( Analysis of Knowledge and Valuation [ La Salle , Ill. , 1946 ] , pp. 83 ff. ) have suggested how , once this notion is at hand , a narrower sense of cognitive synonymy which is preferable for some purposes can in turn be derived .
But this special ramification of concept - building lies aside from the present purposes and must not be confused with the broad sort of cognitive synonymy here concerned .
3 b . See " On What There Is " , p. 11f , and " The Problem of Meaning in Linguistics , " p. 48 f .
5 a .
See , for example my Mathematical Logic ( New York , 1949 ; Cambridge , Mass. , 1947 ) , sec. 24 , 26 , 27 ; or Methods of Logic ( New York , 1950 ) , sec. 37 ff. 4b .
Rudolf Carnap , Meaning and Necessity ( Chicago : University of Chicago Press , 1947 ) , pp. 9ff ; Logical Foundations of Probability ( Chicago : University of Chicago Press , 1950 ) .
6 a .
The 'if and only if ' itself is intended in the truth functional sense .
See Carnap , Meaning and Necessity , p. 14 .
5 b . According to an important variant sense of ' definition ' , the relation preserved may be the weaker relation of mere agreement in reference ; see " Notes on the Theory of Reference , " p. 132 .
But , definition in this sense is better ignored in the present connection , being irrelevant to the question of synonymy .
7a .
The doctrine can indeed be formulated with terms rather than statements as the units .
Thus C. I . Lewis describes the meaning of a term as " a criterion in mind , by reference to which one is able to apply or refuse to apply the expression in question in the case of presented , or imagined things or situations " ( Carnap , Meaning and Necessity , p. 133 . ) .
6 b . Cf. C.I. Lewis , A Survey of Symbolic Logic ( Berkeley , 1918 ) , p. 373 .
8 a . John Horne Tooke , The Diversions of Purly ( London , 1776 ; Boston , 1806 ) , I , ch. ii .
7 b .
This is cognitive synonymy in a primary , broad sense .
Carnap ( Meaning and Necessity , pp. 56 ff. ) and Lewis ( Analysis of Knowledge and Valuation [ La Salle , Ill. , 1946 ] , pp. 83 ff. ) have suggested how , once this notion is at hand , a narrower sense of cognitive synonymy which is preferable for some purposes can in turn be derived .
But this special ramification of concept - building lies aside from the present purposes and must not be confused with the broad sort of cognitive synonymy here concerned .
9a. R. Carnap , Der logische Aufbau der Welt ( Berlin , 1928 ) .
8 b . Pp. 81 ff , " New Foundations for Mathematical Logic , " contains a description of just such a language , except that there happens to be just one predicate , the two - place predicate ' e '. 10a .
For example , in " Notes on Existence and Necessity , " Journal of Philosophy , 11 ( 1943 ) , 113-127 .
9 b . See " On What There Is , " pp. 5 - 8 ; see also " New Foundations for Mathematical Logic , " p. 85 f ; " Meaning and Existential Inference , " p. 166 f .
11a . Carnap , " Empiricism , Semantics , and Ontology , " Revue internationale de philosophie , 4 ( 1950 ) , 20 - 40 .
10 b .
See " New Foundations for Mathematical Logic , " p. 87 .
12a . Carnap , " Empiricism , Semantics , and Ontology , " p. 32 .
11 b .
On such devices see also " Reference and Modality . " 12 b .
This is the substance of Quine , Mathematical Logic ( 1940 ; rev. ed. , 1951 ) .
13 b .
The 'if and only if ' itself is intended in the truth functional sense .
See R. Carnap , Meaning and Necessity ( 1947 ) , p. 14 . 14 b .
The foregoing paragraph was not part of the present essay as originally published .
It was prompted by Martin , ( R. M. Martin , " On ' analytic ' , " Philosophical Studies 3 ( 1952 ) : 42 -47 . 15 b .
The doctrine can indeed be formulated with terms rather than statements as the units .
Thus Lewis describes the meaning ot a term as " a criterion in mind bv reference to which one is able to apply or refuse to apply the expression in question in the case of presented , or imagined , things or situations " ( [ 2 ] , p. 133 ) . --
For an instructive account of the vicissitudes of the verification theory of meaning , centered however on the question of meaninfulness rather than synonymy and analyticity , see Hempel .
16 b . See " On What There Is , " , p. 6 . 17 b .
This doctrine was well argued by Pierre Duhem , La Theorie physique : son objet et sa structure ( Paris , 1906 ) : 303-328 .
Or see Armand Lowinger , The Methodology of Pierre Duhem ( New York : Columbia University Press , 1941 ) : 132-140. 18b. Cf. pp. 17 f " On What There Is . " 19b . Cf. p. 18 " On What There Is . " 20 b .
" L'ontologie fait corps avec la science elle - mene et ne peut en etre separee . "
Meyerson , p. 439 . 21b .
" On What There Is , " pp. 12 f ; " Logic and the Reification of Universals , " pp. 102 ff . a 22 b .
For an effective expression of further misgivings over this distinction , see White " The Analytic and the Synthetic : An Untenable Dualism . "
EXCLUSIVE : Anthrax Suspect Under Scrutiny Since 2002
Suspected scientist aided the FBI in their investigation into the attacks .
August 1 , 2008  --
The US army bio-weapons scientist who killed himself this week , Bruce E. Ivins , had been under suspicion by some FBI agents since early 2002 when anthrax spores were found near his desk , but FBI supervisors were more focused then on another scientist , Steven Hatfill , and dismissed concerns about Ivins , federal law enforcement sources tell ABC News .
Instead ,
Ivins became deeply involved in the FBI anthrax investigation , helping to analyze the anthrax - laden letters sent to members of Congress and participating in strategy meetings about how to find the person responsible .
Ivins took his life earlier this week after , The Los Angeles Times first reported today , his lawyers were told by federal prosecutors that Ivins would soon be charged with the 2001 anthrax mailings that killed five people and panicked the nation .
The FBI and the Department of Justice have , so far , declined to comment on Ivins or his role in the massive investigation .
" If he in fact was the correct person , he was actually put in charge of analyzing the evidence of his own crime , " said ABC News consultant Brad Garrett , a former FBI agent who worked on the anthrax case until his retirement from the bureau last year .
" All of the scientists there who worked with us were supposed to have been investigated and given polygraph tests , " Garrett said .
One of Ivins ' colleagues confirmed that Ivins had been under suspicion for years and had long ago hired a criminal defense lawyer .
More recently , the FBI carried out search warrants of Ivins ' home , office and research space as part of a renewed investigation , according to federal law enforcement sources .
Ivins ' attorney , Paul Kemp , released a statement today saying that his client had fully - cooperated with the government 's investigation and assisted them in any way he could .
Ivins , 62 , worked at the U.S. Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases at Fort Detrick , Md .
Friends there say he was well known to be susceptible to deep depression and was concerned he would be falsely linked to the anthrax attacks .
" They took an innocent man , a distinguished scientist , and smeared his reputation , dishonored him , questioned his children and drove him to take his life , " said one outraged colleague , who asked that his named not be used for fear " the FBI will come after me . "
" He just did n't have the swagger , the ego to pull off that kind of thing , and he did n't have the lab skills to make the fine powder anthrax that was used in the letters , " said the colleague , a scientist who also works at the US Army facility at Ft. Detrick .
Federal agents first became suspicious about Ivins in early 2002 when they learned that he had failed to report anthrax had been found near his desk , away from the laboratory area where he worked with anthrax as part of the team formulating a new anthrax vaccine now awaiting FDA approval .
According to a subsequent Army report , one of his office mates raised the issue of contamination in December 2001 and Ivins took it upon himself to investigate , swabbing the area and decontaminating it .
But after confirming the presence of anthrax , law enforcement officials say , Ivins delayed filing a report for three months , in violation of Army protocols .
Ivins reportedly said he took the action because he did not want to cause an uproar .
The renewed focus on Ivins came after the FBI concluded it had been too single - minded in its focus on Hatfill .
The Department of Justice agreed in June to a $ 5.8 million settlement with Hatfill over a lawsuit alleging the government had invaded his privacy and violated his rights .
Until , or unless , the FBI makes public its case against Ivins , his suicide is certain to raise similar questions .
" Could this be another single - minded focus , is this another we think we got him but we do n't have him , " asked former FBI agent Garrett .
" Is this going to be Hatfill - 2 ? "
Click Here for the Investigative Homepage .
Obama , perhaps ill - advisedly , said today he will “ continue to refine ” his proposed policies for troop withdrawals from Iraq .
Ill - advised because you might expect that nuance to be seen as opening the door to backtracking on his withdrawal plans .
Sure enough , overheated coverage of his remarks has followed this afternoon .
Obama has just finished a second press availability to clarify his initial remarks .
We ’ll have the video shortly .
Late Update :
As promised :
Later Update : The McCain campaign issued the following statement late today :
Iraqi peace strategy on verge of collapse RAW STORY
Published : Thursday August 21 , 2008
Print This Email This
The Iraqi government has failed to absorb tens of thousands of militia members , each promised employment by the US government , endangering a key strategy for pacifying the country .
Iraqi groups known as the Awakening Councils have been a powerful US ally , using their sway with the people to chip away at the insurgency 's ranks .
Former insurgents who 've joined the councils are given $ 300 a month and the hope of future employment with the Iraqi government .
However , very few of the 100,000 + militia members have been employed , says a recent report by McClatchy newspapers .
" ' We can not stand them , and we detained many of them recently , ' said one senior Iraqi commander in Baghdad , who spoke only on the condition of anonymity because he was n't authorized to discuss the issue .
' Many of them were part of al Qaida despite the fact that many of them are helping us to fight al Qaida . ' "
" ' All the Americans are doing is paying them just to be quiet , ' said Haider al Abadi , a leading member of Maliki's Dawa political party and the head of the economic and investment committee in the parliament .
The Iraqi government , he said , can't ' justify paying monthly salaries to people on the grounds that they are ex-insurgents . ' "
According to US officials , the Iraqi government never agreed to employ any more than 20 percent of the militia members .
A sum of $ 150 million has been set aside by the Iraqi government for training militia members in vocational skills , though the number only reflects a small portion of the Maliki administration 's growing surplus .
McClatchy notes that over 100,000 Iraqi militia members are on the US government 's payroll .
Unless these men are given a more stable employment , they remain a " long - term threat . "
" If they only take a portion of them it 's possible they will return to their insurgent ways , " said a senior intelligence analyst in the report .
Excerpts from story :
####
Colin Kahl , a senior fellow at the Center for a New American Security , a centrist policy institute in Washington , who recently visited Iraq , said the dispute over the militias could set the stage for a return of widespread bloodshed , particularly because the Maliki government seemed intent on thwarting the plan .
He noted that of the militia members slated to join the security forces , only 600 have completed the required training .
Of those , most are Shiites .
Kahl , who spoke with senior U.S. officials during his visit to Iraq , said that the Iraqi government was providing jobs to the militia members in " humiliating ways . "
He said former Iraqi army officers were being absorbed as low - level beat cops , and men who saw themselves as the " slayers of al Qaida " were being asked to become plumbers and bricklayers .
" The last time we humiliated thousands of these guys is back in 2003 , and we got the insurgency , " Kahl said .
READ THE REST .
You Seem To Be Using An Unsupported Browser .
We have detected that you are using an outdated browser that we do not support .
Please upgrade to one of the modern browsers using the links below .
Thank you for your understanding .
timeago
a jQuery plugin
What ?
Timeago is a jQuery plugin that makes it easy to support automatically updating fuzzy timestamps ( e.g. " 4 minutes ago " or " about 1 day ago " ) .
Download , view the examples , and enjoy .
Whoah , whoah , whoah .
You see the irony here , do n't you ?
You 're looking for a jQuery plugin , yet you surf the Internet with JavaScript turned off .
This confuses the Interwebs .
Afterall , there might be some useful demos and such that you could enjoy , but instead , you 're wasting your time reading this .
I 'm so sorry .
You opened this page when you opened the page .
( This will update every minute .
Wait for it . )
This page was last modified sometime before now [ browser might not support document.lastModified ] .
Ryan was born Dec 18 , 1978 .
Why ?
Timeago was originally built for use with Yarp.com to timestamp comments .
Avoid timestamps dated " 1 minute ago " even though the page was opened 10 minutes ago ; timeago refreshes automatically .
You can take full advantage of page caching in your web applications , because the timestamps are n't calculated on the server .
You get to use standard HTML5 tags .
How ?
First , load jQuery and the plugin :
< script src=" jquery.min.js " type =" text / javascript " ></ script > < script src=" jquery.timeago.js " type =" text / javascript " ></ script >
Now , let 's attach it to your timestamps on DOM ready :
j Query ( document ) .ready ( function ( ) { j Query ( " time.timeago " ) .timeago( ) ; } ) ;
This will turn all time elements with a class of timeago and an ISO 8601 timestamp in the datetime :
< time class =" timeago " datetime = " 2008-07-17T09:24:17 Z " > July 17 , 2008 </ time >
into something like this :
< time class =" timeago " datetime = " 2008-07-17T09:24:17Z " title= " July 17 , 2008 " > time ago </ time >
which yields : July 17 , 2008 .
As time passes , the timestamps will automatically update .
You can also use it programmatically :
jQuery.timeago( new Date ( ) ) ; //=> " " jQuery.timeago( " 2008-07 - 17 " ) ; //=> " " jQuery.timeago( jQuery ( " time#some_id " ) ) ; //=> " " // [ title = " 2008-07-20 " ]
To support timestamps in the future , use the allow Future setting :
jQuery.timeago.settings.allowFuture = true ;
To disable timestamps in the past , use the allowPast setting .
This setting is set to true by default .
When set to false , if the time is in the past then instead of displaying a message like " 5 minutes ago " a static message will be displayed .
The static message displayed can be configured with the strings .
inPast setting :
jQuery.timeago.settings.strings.inPast = " time has elapsed " ; jQuery.timeago.settings.allowPast = false ;
Excusez - moi ?
Yes , timeago has locale / i18n / language support .
Here are some configuration examples .
Please submit a GitHub pull request for corrections or additional languages .
Where ?
Download the " stable " release .
The code is hosted on GitHub : http://github.com/rmm5t/jquery-timeago.
Go on , live on the edge .
Who ?
Timeago was built by Ryan McGeary ( @rmm5t ) while standing on the shoulders of giants .
John Resig wrote about a similar approach .
The verbiage was based on the distance_of_time_in_words ActionView helper in Ruby on Rails .
When ?
Timeago was conceived on July 17 , 2008 .
( Yup , that 's powered by timeago too )
What else ?
The HTML5 time tag is strongly recommended , but the legacy datetime microformat using the abbr tag ( or any other HTML element ) is also supported :
< abbr class = " timeago " title= " 2008-07-17T09:24:17 Z " > July 17 , 2008 </ abbr >
Attach timeago like so :
j Query ( document ) .ready ( function ( ) { j Query ( " abbr.timeago " ) .timeago( ) ; } ) ;
Are you concerned about time zone support ?
Do n't be .
Timeago handles this too .
As long as your timestamps are in ISO 8601 format and include a full time zone designator ( ±hhmm ) , everything should work out of the box regardless of the time zone that your visitors live in .
Huh ?
Need a Rails helper to make those fancy microformat time tags ?
Fine , here ya go :
def timeago ( time , options = { } ) options [ : class ] ||= " timeago " content_tag ( : time , time.to_s , options.merge( datetime : time.getutc.iso8601 ) ) if time end
Do you use Timeago ?
Great !
Please add your site to the list of Sites that use Timeago .
