Phil Jones , the beleaguered British climate scientist at the centre of the leaked emails controversy , is facing fresh claims that he sought to hide problems in key temperature data on which some of his work was based .
A Guardian investigation of thousands of emails and documents apparently hacked from the University of East Anglia 's climatic research unit has found evidence that a series of measurements from Chinese weather stations were seriously flawed and that documents relating to them could not be produced .
Jones and a collaborator have been accused by a climate change sceptic and researcher of scientific fraud for attempting to suppress data that could cast doubt on a key 1990 study on the effect of cities on warming – a hotly contested issue .
Today the Guardian reveals how Jones withheld the information requested under freedom of information laws .
Subsequently a senior colleague told him he feared that Jones 's collaborator , Wei-­Chyung Wang of the University at Albany , had " screwed up " .
The revelations on the inadequacies of the 1990 paper do not undermine the case that humans are causing climate change , and other studies have produced similar findings .
But they do call into question the probity of some climate change science .
The apparent attempts to cover up problems with temperature data from the Chinese weather stations provide the first link between the email scandal and the UN 's embattled climate science body , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , as a paper based on the measurements was used to bolster IPCC statements about rapid global warming in recent decades .
Wang was cleared of scientific fraud by his university , but new information brought to light today indicates at least one senior colleague had serious concerns about the affair .
It also emerges that documents which Wang claimed would exonerate him and Jones did not exist .
The revelations come at a torrid time for climate science , with the IPPC suffering heavy criticism for its use of information that had not been rigorously checked – in particular a false claim that all Himalayan glaciers could melt by 2035 – and UEA having been criticised last week by the deputy information commissioner for refusing valid requests for data under the Freedom of Information Act .
The Guardian has learned that of 105 freedom of information requests to the university concerning the climatic research unit ( CRU ) , which Jones headed up to the end of December , only 10 had been released in full .
The temperature data from the Chinese weather stations measured the warming there over the past half century and appeared in a 1990 paper in the prestigious journal Nature , which was cited by the IPCC 's latest report in 2007 .
Climate change sceptics asked the UEA , via FOI requests , for location data for the 84 weather stations in eastern China , half of which were urban and half rural .
The history of where the weather stations were sited was crucial to Jones and Wang 's 1990 study , as it concluded the rising temperatures recorded in China were the result of global climate changes rather the warming effects of expanding cities .
The IPCC 's 2007 report used the study to justify the claim that " any urban - related trend " in global temperatures was small .
Jones was one of two " coordinating lead authors " for the relevant chapter .
The leaked emails from the CRU reveal that the former director of the unit , Tom Wigley , harboured grave doubts about the cover - up of the shortcomings in Jones and Wang 's work .
Wigley was in charge of CRU when the original paper was published .
" Were you taking W - CW [ Wang ] on trust ? " he asked Jones .
He continued : " Why , why , why did you and W - CW not simply say this right at the start ? "
Jones said he was not able to comment on the story .
Wang said : " I have been exonerated by my university on all the charges .
When we started on the paper we had all the station location details in order to identify our network , but we cannot find them any more .
" Some of the location changes were probably only a few metres , and where they were more we corrected for them . "
In an interview with the Observer on Sunday Ed Miliband , the climate change secretary , warned of the danger of a public backlash against mainstream climate science over claims that scientists manipulated data .
He declared a " battle " against the " siren voices " who denied global warming was real or caused by humans .
" It 's right that there 's rigour applied to all the reports about climate change , but I think it would be wrong that when a mistake is made it 's somehow used to undermine the overwhelming picture that 's there , " he said .
Last week the Information Commissioner 's Office – the body that administers the Freedom of Information Act – said the University of East Anglia had flouted the rules in its handling of an FOI request in May 2008 .
Days after receiving the request for information from the British climate change sceptic David Holland , Jones asked Prof Mike Mann of Pennsylvania State University in the United States : " Can you delete any emails you may have had with Keith [ Briffa ] re AR4 ?
Keith will do likewise .
" Can you also email Gene [ Eugene Wahl , a paleoclimatologist in Boulder , Colorado ] and get him to do the same ...
We will be getting Caspar [ Ammann , also from Boulder ] to do the same . "
The University of East Anglia says that no emails were deleted following this exchange .
• For regular email updates on climate change and the environment sign up for the Guardian and Observer 's Green light newsletter
A programmer who calls himself Ã‚Â 09 Droid has illuminated security concerns sure to come into sharper focus Ã‚Â as the tech giants and theÃ‚Â financial services industry make their move toÃ‚Â extend Internet banking to mobile devices .
Antivirus supplier F - Secure says 09 Droid offered more than 50 mobile banking applications for sale through the Android Marketplace .
But Google on Monday pulled the apps .
It seems several banks for whom 09 Droid took the initiative to write the apps for issued warnings not to use them .
F- Secure Chief Research Officer Mikko HyppÃƒÂ¶nen says no one in the security community has seen an actual copy of 09 Droid ’s first - of - its - kind banking app .
So it could simply be a cheapo program , sold for 99 cents , that redirected users to the bank ’s online bank website .
On the other hand , 09 Droid could have programmed in stealthy code to silently steal account logons .
The point is , no one checked , and he did sell some number of apps prior to having Google yank them .
HyppÃƒÂ¶nen notes that Android apps at present do not go through approval process , unlike apps available through the iPhone App Store or through Signed by Symbian programs .
As a general rule of thumb he recommends avoiding any third party banking apps on any platform unless you know for certain it is expressly approved by your bank .
To date F - Secure has not seen any malicious apps sold through iPhone App Store , Palm App Catalog , Ã‚Â BlackBerry App World or Windows Mobile Marketplace .
However , the security company has seen the Ã‚Â “ Signed by Symbian ” certification process subverted a couple of times .
By Byron Acohido
January 11th , 2010 | Imminent threats
We 've already seen a whole slew of Archos renders leak ahead of CeBIT , and it looks like the company itself has now confirmed that it 'll have at least two new devices on hand at the show .
Details are still pretty light , of course , but the company 's German PR firm has reportedly said that Archos will debut two new " low - cost " Android tablets that are " specifically designed for use at home . "
One of those is rumored to be a new Archos 7 tablet , while the other remains a bit of a mystery -- although the combination of " low - cost " and " home use " seems to suggest that 3G might be out of the question for either of them .
A few minutes ago , the Ubuntu development team unleashed the second alpha version of the upcoming Ubuntu 10.04 LTS ( Lucid Lynx ) operating system , due for release in late April this year .
As usual , we 've downloaded a copy of it in order to keep you up - to - date with the latest changes in the Ubuntu 10.04 LTS development .
What 's new in Ubuntu 10.04 LTS Alpha 2 ?
Well , the most important feature of Ubuntu 10.04 LTS Alpha 2 is probably the inclusion of the Plymouth graphical boot manager utility from Red Hat , which replaces the old Usplash .
The new Nvidia proprietary video driver 190.53 ( the old 173.14.22 and 96.43.14 versions are still available and can be installed along with the new one ) , and Likewise Open version 5.4 are also part of this release .
The Linux kernel packages in Ubuntu 10.04 LTS Alpha 2 have been upgraded to 2.6.32-10.14 , based on Linux kernel 2.6.32 , and the GNOME desktop environment to version 2.29.4 , which brings new features , especially to Nautilus , which now offers twin - panel functionality , called Extra Pane ( see the screenshot below for details ) .
The twin - panel view in Nautilus
Indicator Applet Session split in two
New video editor in Ubuntu
Quadrapassel tetris clone and gbrainy brain teaser game
What 's new in Kubuntu 10.04 LTS Alpha 2 ?
Kubuntu's new background for the login manager
Kubutu 10.04 LTS
Alpha 2
Kubuntu 's improved installer
Xubuntu 10.04 LTS
Alpha 2
On April 29th , 2010 , Ubuntu 10.04 LTS ( Lucid Lynx ) will become the twelfth release of the Ubuntu operating system .
See you again in exactly six weeks ( February 25th ) , for the third Alpha version of the upcoming Ubuntu 10.04 LTS ( Lucid Lynx ) .
The Lucid Lynx Release Schedule :
December 10th , 2009 - Alpha 1 release ; January 14th , 2010 - Alpha 2 release ; February 25th , 2010 - Alpha 3 release ; March 18th , 2010 - Beta 1 release ; April 8th , 2010 - Beta 2 release ; April 22nd , 2010 - Release Candidate ; April 29th , 2010 - Final release of Ubuntu 10.04 LTS .
Download Ubuntu 10.04 LTS
Alpha 2 ( Lucid Lynx ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Ubuntu Netbook Remix 10.04 LTS
Alpha 2 ( Lucid Lynx ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Ubuntu Server 10.04 LTS
Alpha 2 ( Lucid Lynx ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Ubuntu Enterprise Cloud 10.04 LTS
Alpha 2 ( Lucid Lynx ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Ubuntu ARM 10.04 LTS Alpha 2 ( Lucid Lynx ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Kubuntu 10.04 LTS
Alpha 2 ( Lucid Lynx ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Kubuntu Netbook Remix 10.04 LTS
Alpha 2 ( Lucid Lynx ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Xubuntu 10.04 Alpha 2 ( Lucid Lynx ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Edubuntu 10.04 Alpha 2 ( Lucid Lynx ) right now from Softpedia .
Download Mythbuntu 10.04 Alpha 2 ( Lucid Lynx ) right now from Softpedia .
Remember that this is an alpha release and it should NOT be installed on production machines .
It is intended to be used for testing purposes only .
Please report bugs to the Ubuntu Bug Tracker .
The collective bargaining agreement , which was adopted in 2005 and is largely an extension of the 1999 deal , will expire after next season , giving everyone a 16 - month window to complete a new deal .
It is early still , with more rhetoric and posturing than negotiating .
Still , the signs are troubling , and the sides have rarely seemed so far apart .
About half of the league ’s 30 franchises are losing money , according to some estimates .
Owners want a radical restructuring of the economic system , starting with a hard salary cap to replace the current soft - cap system .
The union is in favor of maintaining the status quo .
In his annual All - Star address Saturday , Commissioner David Stern said the league was projecting a loss of $ 400 million this season , after annual losses of about $ 200 million in the previous four years .
Although he declined to confirm the reported details of the league ’s proposal , Stern made it clear that he was indeed seeking a reduction in salaries .
“ We ’ve shown the players the facts , and our current level of revenue devoted to player salaries is too high , ” Stern said .
“ I can run from that , but I ca n’t hide from that .
And I do n’t think the players can , either . ”
In concert with labor negotiations , the league is also working on a plan for greater revenue sharing  a measure that the union and many agents have been demanding for some time .
“ Our goal for our teams , our players , but particularly our fans , is to come up with a model that says that every N.B.A. team can compete , ” Stern said .
The symbolism this weekend was striking .
A year ago , Hunter and Stern sat side by side on a dais during All - Star Weekend and  in deference to the nation ’s economic crisis  said they had begun preliminary discussions to avert a labor battle .
" It makes you mad , " Alf Wilkins said .
The long - serving mill worker from Mackenzie , B.C. was talking about the experience of being laid off early in 2008 .
The traumatic job loss came as his employer of 31 years , the Abitibi - Bowater mill in his home town , encountered financial trouble that put the insolvent firm under creditor protection .
Jobless ?
Why You Might Not Get Employment Insurance read more
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners Hurrah !
Tyee Reporter Katie Hyslop Celebrates 10 - Year Tyeeversary
She ’s covered education , youth and housing issues for a decade now , and we ’re lucky to have her .
" Nearly everybody in my family lost work then , " said Wilkins .
" It was hard .
My daughter , son and brother all lost mill jobs .
My wife was the only one working .
I got EI but my claim was exhausted by January 2009 .
I was lucky because I got some part time work with the union , but a lot of people in this town had it tough .
One of my buddies lost his house and all his savings .
Another guy I know lost his home and had to move back in with his brother .
For him , it was either eat or pay the mortgage . "
At the worst point , Wilkins said , every second house in Mackenzie had been foreclosed .
The unemployment rate in town is still above 50 per cent , even with a small re-opening at the Abitibi mill that has given new work to him and 59 others -- at a site where 700 worked in boom times .
Wilkins pointed out that even long - term employees like he and his friends had to wait from ten to 12 weeks before their Employment Insurance benefits kicked in , as they were required to spend any accumulated holiday pay before they could collect on the insurance they had been paying into for decades .
He was interested to learn that a recently published paper by Andrew Jackson , national director of economic and social policy for the Canadian Labour Congress , says that the nightmare he and his co-workers experienced in Mackenzie is a preview of what is in store for hundreds of thousands of other Canadian workers this year .
Writing for the Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives this January , Jackson described the current financial crisis as a " stress test " for the current Employment Insurance program , a stress test that the program is failing .
With the number of unemployed Canadian workers not receiving EI up to 777,400 by October 2009 , Jackson predicts that up to a half million workers will exhaust their claims during 2010 .
( Approximately two million new claims were made for EI in 2009 . )
Jackson and other EI critics are worried that many of those 500,000 who exhaust their claims will be forced to lose their homes and savings , and some will be driven onto income assistance , in an economy where finding full time work is still very difficult .
According to the most recent figures available from Stats Canada , the nation 's economy added 43,000 new jobs in January of this year , bringing the national unemployment rate down to 8.3 per cent .
However , almost all of the new jobs were part time , with only 1,400 new full time jobs created across the country that month .
Reforms proposed by CLC
Jackson 's paper echoes the policy change suggestions that have been heard before from his employer , the Canadian Labour Congress , and the union - friendly Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives .
The paper says the government should focus on job creation , but while the crisis continues , it should reform the EI system to make it a more effective safety net for workers who lose their jobs .
The program should , Jackson and his co-author Sylvain Schetagne argue , create a single national criteria for admission to the program of 360 hours of employment .
That would be in contrast to the current , variable levels set across the country according to local unemployment levels , with the hours - worked eligibility test ranging from 420 to 700 hours .
Further , the EI " replacement rate " should be paid at 60 per cent of the best wages in 12 weeks of the qualifying period , not the current 55 per cent .
Finally , the authors call for a special 26 - week emergency extension of benefits for all claims filed October 2008 through October 2010 , with workers who have exhausted a claim eligible to resume the claim if they remain unemployed .
The 26 week extension , they say , should incorporate the five - week extension already brought in this year by the government , as well as the already implemented extensions for " long term " workers .
This is not the first time that government critics have slammed the current incarnation of Employment Insurance .
Last year in February , in the run up to that year 's federal budget , CCPA economist Marc Lee told The Tyee :
" The bottom line is that our new EI system has not been tested by a recession since its inception .
And there is good reason to believe that it is a shadow of its former self as an automatic stabilizer in a recession . "
Critics point out that since the EI system was revamped in the 1990s , it has accumulated a national surplus of over $ 55 billion .
Although the difference between what workers and employers pay into the system and what is paid out in benefits has skyrocketed , the surplus funds flow into general revenues and do not remain in the EI system .
Conservative measures so far
Over the past year , the Harper Conservatives have brought in some EI measures that worker advocates and government critics applaud .
Jackson said that the government had made the right decision when it added five weeks of eligibility across the board and even longer extensions for workers with long histories of employment before their lay offs .
He also praised an EI subsidized job sharing program that has kept 160,000 workers employed .
Beyond those measures already taken , however , Jackson is pessimistic about the Conservatives enacting the rest of the reforms he believes are needed .
Certainly the Conservative base in big business and on the right of the political spectrum is not enthusiastic about strengthening the EI safety net .
Niels Veldhuis , who writes on economic topics for the pro-business Fraser Institute mounts a vigorous argument against enriching or extending EI benefits in his July 2009 op - ed piece " A More Generous EI Program Will Increase Unemployment Permanently , " which was published in the Halifax Chronicle Herald , the Penticton Herald , Calgary Herald , Winnipeg Free Press , the Montreal Gazette and Business in Vancouver .
Veldhuis contends that the figures cited by Jackson and other EI critics are inaccurate .
Once workers who have left their jobs voluntarily , were self employed or who have n't worked in the previous year are subtracted from the numbers counted as unemployed , the percentage of eligible unemployed workers covered by EI payments go up to over 80 per cent , he says , citing a recent Toronto Dominion study .
More EI a ' moral hazard ' : Board of Trade 's Rezak
But , setting aside for a moment squabbles about how many are unemployed , and about whether the rules of eligibility are wise or fair , surely there is a case to be made for richer benefits and longer entitlement during an economic downturn , many would say .
Veldhuis disagrees .
The Fraser Institute scholar opposes both longer entitlement periods and more robust payments for those unemployed workers who do qualify for EI .
" Andrew Jackson 's proposals , while well intentioned , are not a good idea , " Veldhuis told The Tyee .
" We have good evidence that such changes lead to increased unemployment .
Government studies show that people only start to look for work near the end of their EI entitlement . "
Darcy Rezak , of the Vancouver Board of Trade , expressed similar concerns to The Tyee last year .
" Improved insurance always carries with it a moral hazard , " he said .
" We could see more unemployment because the richer benefits would make some people choose to stay on EI instead of moving to where work is available or taking lower paying jobs . "
And the federal minister responsible for EI , Diane Finley , was widely quoted last year to the effect that better EI payments were undesirable because they encouraged dependency .
" We do not want to make it lucrative for them to stay home and get paid for it , ” she said in January 2009 , according to media reports .
' I came to work '
Alf Wilkins , the veteran mill worker who lost his job in Mackenzie after 31 years , is unimpressed with the minister 's statement .
" That really made me mad , " he told The Tyee .
" We came up here 150 miles north of Prince George to work , not to draw EI .
The minister and all the rest of the politicians will keep drawing their wages during prorogation .
Why is it okay for them and not for me ?
I worked for 31 years and paid my taxes and premiums . "
Wilkins said he expected that Stand Up for the North , a campaign he was working on , would be sponsoring rallies soon to press for EI reforms that would look a lot like the changes proposed in Jackson 's paper .
" At the worst up here , we had nearly 95 per cent unemployment in the woods industry .
Easy access to EI is very important .
We should n't have to eat up our holiday pay while EI is delayed .
It 's just unfair .
Other countries treat the unemployed better than Canada does . "
Research published last June by Dalhousie economics professor Lars Osberg substantiates Wilkins ' complaint about how Canada 's EI system compares with those in other developed countries .
According to Osberg , Canadian income replacement for EI recipients compares unfavourably with most other member nations of the OECD .
And changes in the Canadian system since the mid-'90s have serious consequences .
The pro-business reforms to EI mean that in 2009 , when unemployment levels in Canada were at the same level they were in 1990 , the B/U ratio ( the percentage of those unemployed who qualify for EI ) had been cut in half .
So even if convinced by the Fraser Institute and TD in the papers cited above that the B/U can present an inflated sense of EI coverage shortfalls , a careful reader would have to think that the changes of the last two decades have left EI less able to support workers during a downturn than in 1990 .
Even the Toronto Dominion Economics research cited above agrees that some of the changes made in the 1990s need to be revisited in the name of fairness .
They argue that the wide regional variability of time - worked criteria for receiving EI should be flattened , and suggest that reducing the minimum number of hours worked required to qualify for benefits to 420 hours or even to the CLC / CCPA - favored 360 hours might be desirable .
The Tyee asked for comment on Jackson 's criticism of the current EI regime from the offices of federal Minister of Finance Jim Flaherty and Minister of Human Resources and Skills Development Diane Finley , who administers the EI system .
Flaherty 's office declined to comment and passed our questions on to Minister Finley 's office .
A media spokesperson at HRSDC replied by email on Minister Finley 's behalf .
In response to questions about the estimate that a half million workers could exhaust EI in 2010 , the minister 's media office wrote :
" Over the past ten years , between 28 and 32 per cent of EI regular claimants exhausted their benefit entitlements .
While we do not have definitive data on the current proportion of EI regular claimants who are exhaustees , we do know that the number of exhaustees has been increasing in line with the volume of claimants .
We are working with Statistics Canada on an approach to making reliable data publicly available . "
While citing some steps taken in 2009 to address increased unemployment , including the modest extension of EI benefits for workers who qualify and the job sharing program that Andrew Jackson praised in his interview with The Tyee , the HRSDC media spokesperson did not answer questions about what steps , if any , the government would take to address the ongoing crisis in its next budget .
The Tyee asked Minister Finley about the more than $ 55 billion dollars in surplus accumulated by the EI fund since changes made in the mid-'90s restricted access to the program and reduced replacement rates .
Many observers , including at least one Parliamentary committee , have argued that the notional surplus ( EI premiums currently flow into general revenue ) should , as a moral obligation , be used to extend benefits .
The minister 's office responded :
" The EI Account is not an account containing cash .
It is an accounting method that keeps track of premiums and benefits .
Since 1986 , the EI Account has been consolidated in the Summary Financial Statements of Canada , on the recommendation of the then Auditor General of Canada .
Revenues under the EI
Act are credited to the Account and deposited in the government 's Consolidated Revenue Fund ( CRF ) .
Similarly , program costs are charged to the Account and paid out of the CRF .
The Government of Canada is delivering on its commitment to improve the governance and management of EI financing by establishing the independent Canada Employment Insurance Financing Board ( CEIFB ) .
The CEIFB will be responsible for managing a new bank account separate from the Government 's general revenues , where any excess EI revenues from a given year will be held and invested until they are used to reduce premium rates in subsequent years .
The CEIFB will also be responsible for implementing a new EI premium rate - setting mechanism and setting the EI premium rate for 2011 and beyond . "
The diagram above is known as the 3 - D chart of the nuclides .
The familiar Periodic Table arranges the elements according to their atomic number , Z , which determines the chemical properties of each element .
Physicists are also concerned with the N axis , which gives the number of neutrons in the nucleus .
The third axis represents strangeness , S , which is zero for all naturally occurring matter , but could be non-zero in the core of collapsed stars .
Antinuclei lie at negative Z and N in the above chart , and the newly discovered antinucleus ( magenta ) now extends the 3 - D chart into the new region of strange antimatter .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
A worldwide team of researchers have for the first time created a particle that is believed to have been in existence immediately after the creation of the universe - the so - called " Big Bang " - and it could lead to new questions and answers about some of the basic laws of physics because in essence , it creates a new form of matter .
An international team of scientists studying high - energy collisions of gold ions at the Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider ( RHIC ) , a 2.4 - mile - circumference particle accelerator located at the U.S. Department of Energy ’s Brookhaven National Laboratory , has published evidence of the most massive antinucleus discovered to date .
The new antinucleus , discovered at RHIC ’s STAR detector , is a negatively charged state of antimatter containing an antiproton , an antineutron , and an anti-Lambda particle .
It is also the first antinucleus containing an anti-strange quark .
The results will be published online by Science Express on March 4 , 2010 .
“ This experimental discovery may have unprecedented consequences for our view of the world , ” commented theoretical physicist Horst Stoecker , Vice President of the Helmholtz Association of German National Laboratories .
“ This antimatter pushes open the door to new dimensions in the nuclear chart — an idea that just a few years ago , would have been viewed as impossible . ”
The discovery may help elucidate models of neutron stars and opens up exploration of fundamental asymmetries in the early universe .
The Solenoidal Tracker at RHIC ( STAR ) is a detector which specializes in tracking the thousands of particles produced by each ion collision .
The massive unit weighs 1,200 tons and is as large as a house .
Credit : Photo courtesy of Brookhaven National Laboratory .
New nuclear terrain
All terrestrial nuclei are made of protons and neutrons ( which in turn contain only up and down quarks ) .
The standard Periodic Table of Elements is arranged according to the number of protons , which determine each element ’s chemical properties .
Physicists use a more complex , three - dimensional chart to also convey information on the number of neutrons , which may change in different isotopes of the same element , and a quantum number known as “ strangeness , ” which depends on the presence of strange quarks ( see diagram ) .
Nuclei containing one or more strange quarks are called hypernuclei .
For all ordinary matter , with no strange quarks , the strangeness value is zero and the chart is flat .
Hypernuclei appear above the plane of the chart .
The new discovery of strange antimatter with an antistrange quark ( an antihypernucleus ) marks the first entry below the plane .
This study of the new antihypernucleus also yields a valuable sample of normal hypernuclei , and has implications for our understanding of the structure of collapsed stars .
“ The strangeness value could be non-zero in the core of collapsed stars , ” said Jinhui Chen , one of the lead authors , a postdoctoral researcher at Kent State University and currently a staff scientist at the Shanghai Institute of Applied Physics , “ so the present measurements at RHIC will help us distinguish between models that describe these exotic states of matter . ”
The findings also pave the way towards exploring violations of fundamental symmetries between matter and antimatter that occurred in the early universe , making possible the very existence of our world .
Collisions at RHIC fleetingly produce conditions that existed a few microseconds after the Big Bang , which scientists believe gave birth to the universe as we know it some 13.7 billion years ago .
In both nucleus - nucleus collisions at RHIC and in the Big Bang , quarks and antiquarks emerge with equal abundance .
At RHIC , among the collision fragments that survive to the final state , matter and antimatter are still close to equally abundant , even in the case of the relatively complex antinucleus and its normal - matter partner featured in the present study .
In contrast , antimatter appears to be largely absent from the present - day universe .
“ Understanding precisely how and why there ’s a predominance of matter over antimatter remains a major unsolved problem of physics , ” said Brookhaven physicist Zhangbu Xu , another one of the lead authors .
“ A solution will require measurements of subtle deviations from perfect symmetry between matter and antimatter , and there are good prospects for future antimatter measurements at RHIC to address this key issue . ”
In a single collision of gold nuclei at RHIC , many hundreds of particles are emitted most created from the quantum vacuum via the conversion of energy into mass in accordance with Einsteins famous equation E = mc2 .
The particles leave telltale tracks in the STAR detector ( shown here from the end and side ) .
Scientists analyzed about a hundred million collisions to spot the new antinuclei , identified via their characteristic decay into a light isotope of antihelium and a positive pi-meson .
Altogether , 70 examples of the new antinucleus were found .
The STAR team has found that the rate at which their heaviest antinucleus is produced is consistent with expectations based on a statistical collection of antiquarks from the soup of quarks and antiquarks generated in RHIC collisions .
Extrapolating from this result , the experimenters believe they should be able to discover even heavier antinuclei in upcoming collider running periods .
Theoretical physicist Stoecker and his team have predicted that strange nuclei around double the mass of the newly discovered state should be particularly stable .
RHIC ’s STAR collaboration is now poised to resume antimatter studies with greatly enhanced capabilities .
The scientists expect to increase their data by about a factor of 10 in the next few years .
Explore further Measuring material hotter than the sun
Provided by Brookhaven National Laboratory
Public attitudes towards gay relationships have changed Public attitudes to homosexuality are becoming more liberal , according to a government - backed survey .
Some 36 % thought homosexual acts were " always " or " mostly " wrong , down from 62 % when the British Social Attitudes survey was first carried out , in 1983 .
But the public is taking a tougher line on cannabis , the survey of 4,486 adults , conducted in 2008 , found .
More people see themselves as Tory rather than Labour supporters for the first time since the 1980s , it adds .
The survey also suggested the number of people who felt a pressing need to vote in general elections was declining .
Some 56 % of those questioned thought it was " everyone 's duty to vote " - down from 68 % in 1991 .
This fell to 41 % among the under - 35s .
Meanwhile , 32 % of people said they had " not much " or " no interest " in politics .
The report 's co-author , Sarah Butt , said : " Low turnout has been a feature of recent elections with just 61 % of people turning out to vote in 2005 .
" The decline in civic duty means it is possible that , regardless of whether the next election provides voters with a clear choice between parties or a more closely fought contest , we could again see large sections of the population remaining at home on election day . "
The survey also suggests 32 % of people see themselves as Conservative supporters , compared with 27 % for Labour .
This is the first time the Tories have been in the lead since the 1989 survey .
As recently as 2007 , Labour had a nine - point lead .
The latest survey also has 9 % of people describing themselves as Liberal Democrat supporters , with backing for " others " at 6 % and a quarter of respondents saying they had no preference or did not know which party to choose .
Some 39 % of people supported increased taxes and spending on health and education , the lowest level since 1984 and down from 62 % in 1997 .
And 38 % thought the government should redistribute income from the better - off to the less well - off - down from 51 % in 1994 .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Report co-author John Curtice said : " Labour 's increased spending on health and education was an astute if delayed recognition of the public mood in the late 1990s .
" But now that spending has been increased , the public 's thirst has been satisfied .
Unless the financial crisis has persuaded the public to change its mind once again , this new mood could well prove a blessing for whichever party wins the general election . "
HAVE YOUR SAY
If you do n't vote you should n't whinge about the government / opposition / politics StopAndThink , London
The survey - which asks people about their attitudes to politics and social matters - suggests views on cannabis have hardened over the past decade , with 58 % of people saying it should be illegal , compared with 46 % in 2001 .
On cohabitation , 45 % said it made " no difference " whether a child 's parents were married or just living together - up from 38 % in 1998 .
British Social Attitudes , carried out by the National Centre for Social Research , is funded by the government and various charities .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Biography
( 1934
38 )
( 1953 )
1945
1957
(
)
1957
1981
1940
u ( x , t ) u(x , t ) u ( x , t )
u t − u x x = 0 u_{t} - u_{xx} = 0 u t ​ − u x x ​ = 0
t > 0 t > 0 t > 0
u ( x , 0 ) = f ( x ) u(x , 0 ) = f ( x ) u ( x , 0 ) = f ( x )
x x x
x x x
t t t
u t ( x , t ) u_{t} ( x , t ) u t ​ ( x , t )
u x x ( x , t ) u_{xx} ( x , t ) u x x ​ ( x , t )
1910
(
)
was a student of Lawrence Bragg and Douglas Hartree at Manchester University , where he was awarded the degrees of B.Sc. and M.Sc. and laterD.Sc. After war work on ballistics he was a mathematical physicist at Courtaulds Fundamental Research Laboratory fromtoand professor of mathematics at Brunel Universityinitially Brunel College in Actonfromto .
His main work was on the numerical solution of partial differential equations and , in particular , the solution of heat - conduction problems .
In thes such calculations were carried out on simple mechanical desk machines .
Crank is quoted as saying that to " burn a piece of wood " numerically then could take a week .
John Crank is best known for his joint work with Phyllis Nicolson on the heat equation , where a continuous solutionis required which satisfies the second order partial differential equationfor , subject to an initial condition of the formfor all real .
They considered numerical methods which find an approximate solution on a grid of values ofand , replacingandby finite difference approximations .
One of the simplest such replacements was proposed by L F Richardson in Richardson 's method yielded a numerical solution which was very easy to compute , but alas was numerically unstable and thus useless .
The instability was not recognised until lengthy numerical computations were carried out by Crank , Nicolson and others .
Crank and Nicolson 's method , which is numerically stable , requires the solution of a very simple system of linear equationsa tridiagonal systemat each time level .
How will I benefit from attending the NSLC ?
NSLC is a truly unique experience .
No matter which program you attend , you will gain essential leadership skills while learning about group dynamics , team building , goal setting , communication and conflict resolution .
Additionally , you will gain a true insider ’s perspective into a future career .
You will also enjoy exclusive field trips , engaging academic activities and discussions with national and world leaders .
College admission officers find participation in the NSLC and earning college credit while in high school of interest when evaluating applications .
The NSLC experience is one that our students say they will “ remember forever . ”
Birobidzhan is a city in the Far East of Russia , the capital of the Jewish Autonomous Oblast , and a station on the Trans - Siberian Railway located about 75 km from the border with China .
It is one of the smallest regional centers and the only city in Russia where some signs are duplicated in Yiddish , although there are almost no Jews left here .
Local time in Birobidzhan city is October 1 , 2:36 pm ( +10 UTC ) .
History of Birobidzhan
Foundation of Birobidzhan
The history of Birobidzhan began in 1912 , when the government of the Russian Empire decided to populate the territories along the Amur Railway .
Originally , the Tikhonkaya station was opened .
At the station , a village was founded , which was transformed into the working village of Tikhonkaya - Station in 1928 .
The population of the village was 623 people .
There were 237 scattered village houses , a primary school , a post office , and a cooperative shop .
This village was the base for receiving migrants and supplying the resettlement area .
In May 1928 , a resolution was passed by the Presidium of the Central Executive Committee of the USSR stating that the Committee on Land Management of Jewish Workers can use the free land in the Amur strip of the Far Eastern Territory for the purpose of settlement by working Jews .
The decision of the Soviet government to choose the Tikhonkaya station for Jewish settlement was determined by several factors .
The main one was the intention to strengthen the borders of the Soviet Far East due to the proximity of Japan and the possible invasion of the Chinese .
The development of this region became especially important for the USSR after the Soviet - Chinese conflict of 1929 and the Japanese occupation of Manchuria in 1931 .
More Historical Facts …
In the late 1920s and early 1930s , the government of the USSR was trying to improve relations with the West , and the Birobidzhan project could influence Jewish and pro-Jewish public opinion in Europe and America .
The inclusion of Jews in the settlement project of the Far East was also aimed at obtaining financial assistance from wealthy Jews living abroad .
In addition , it allowed to resolve part of the economic difficulties facing the Jews of the USSR .
Relocation of Jews to Birobidzhan
In April 1928 , the first settlers began to arrive ; in total , 856 people arrived during this year .
However , because of the difficult living conditions and severe climate , this process was uneven .
In the early years , a fairly large number of Jewish settlers arrived .
But more than half of the settlers , who arrived in 1928 - 1933 , quickly left the region .
In total , 19,635 Jews arrived during the first six years of colonization , and 11,450 left , only 8,185 people stayed here .
On October 10 , 1931 , Tikhonkaya received a new name - Biro - Bidzhan , the local name of this place between the Bira and Bidzhan rivers ( in Evenki language , “ bira ” means a river , and “ bidzhan ” , “ bidzhen ” means a permanent camp ) .
On July 20 , 1934 , the All - Russian Central Executive Committee decided to “ form the Birobidzhan district with a center in the working village of Birobidzhan as part of the autonomous Jewish national region . ”
As of January 1 , 1932 , the population of Birobidzhan was 1,216 men and 1,324 women .
In the early 1930s , about 1,400 Jewish settlers arrived in Birobidzhan from abroad : the USA , Argentina , Europe , Palestine , and other countries and regions of the world .
By the beginning of 1936 , the population of Birobidzhan was already about 12 thousand people .
The working village of Birobidzhan became a town on March 2 , 1937 .
In the 1930s , small enterprises of the woodworking , light , and metal industries were opened .
Birobidzhan was a distribution railway center , which received goods for the entire region .
In the second half of the 1930s , several public buildings were built : the House of Soviets , a teacher training college , a library , and the Palace of Culture .
Two newspapers , the Birobidzhan Star in Russian and the Birobidzhaner Stern in Yiddish , began to be published in the town , the Birobidzhan radio began to broadcast .
The State Jewish Theater named after L. M. Kaganovich and a museum were opened .
Birobidzhan became an important regional administrative , economic , and cultural center .
During the Second World War , 11 thousand Birobidzhanians were called up and volunteered in the Soviet Army , of which 7 thousand did not return home .
In the shortest possible time , the local enterprises began production for the front : ammunition , parachutes , military uniforms , military - sanitary equipment , soap , dishes , sledges , skis , etc .
In September 1941 , the 60th tank division was formed in Birobidzhan .
In honor of this event , a monument ( the IS - 3 tank ) was erected in the square named after Hero of the Soviet Union I.R. Bumagin .
Birobidzhan after the Second World War
In 1946 - 1948 , the strengthening of Jewish national identity , the difficulties faced by Jews who returned from the army and evacuation to their former places of residence , as well as the failure of the plan of settlement of Jews in Crimea led to an increase in the number of settlers in Birobidzhan .
By the end of 1948 , the local Jewish population increased to 30 thousand people ( the largest figure in the entire history of the region ) .
However , the process of the new growth of Birobidzhan as a Jewish center was suspended by the end of 1948 .
The government of the country began to pursue a policy of suppressing Jewish cultural and social activities throughout the Soviet Union .
In 1949 , all Jews who gathered in the synagogue of Birobidzhan for the celebration of Rosh Hashanah ( the Jewish New Year ) were arrested ; the rabbi was sentenced to death .
Most local Jewish writers were arrested , the Jewish theater was closed , Yiddish teaching was stopped in schools , a large number of Yiddish books were seized from the Sholem Aleichem library .
The Jewish resettlement in Birobidzhan stopped , and the Jewish population of the region declined .
The formation of Israel during these years also contributed to the complete loss of interest of Jewish settlers to move here .
In 1958 , the Soviet government recognized the complete failure of the experiment in Birobidzhan .
In the 1970s , the Jewish autonomous region was only a historical anachronism in the administrative nomenclature of the USSR .
In 1984 , the authorities celebrated the 50th anniversary of the region ; some elements of Jewish attributes were introduced for the anniversary .
In 1989 , according to the census , the Jewish population of the region was 8,887 people ( 4.15 % ) , 8,038 Jews lived in Birobidzhan ( 9.7 % of the total population of the city ) .
In the late 1990s - early 2000s , due to the massive departure to Israel , the US , Canada , Germany , and other countries , the Jewish population of Birobidzhan sharply decreased .
According to the 2002 All - Russian Census , 2,329 Jews lived in the Jewish Autonomous Region , most of them in the city of Birobidzhan .
Street views of Birobidzhan
The Palace of Culture in Birobidzhan Author : Liam Campbell
The building of the Jewish Religious Community Freud in Birobidzhan Author : Konstantin Mogilnitsky
Soviet apartment buildings in Birobidzhan Author : Vitaliy Lantsetov
Birobidzhan - Features
The city of Birobidzhan is the administrative , economic , cultural , and transport center of Jewish Autonomous Oblast .
The mountain river of Bira divides it into two parts , interconnected by rail and road bridges .
On the right bank there is a unique natural monument - Sopka ( a hill about 220 meters high ) with a television tower ( 95 m ) .
The hill is depicted on the coat of arms of Birobidzhan .
It is named after the two largest rivers of the Jewish Autonomous Region - the Bira and the Bidzhan .
Birobidzhan stands on the banks of the Bira .
The Bidzhan flows parallel to the Bira west of the city ( about 100 km ) and flows into the Amur River , as well as the Bira .
Birobidzhan is located in the temperate monsoon climate zone with very cold and dry winters , hot and humid summers .
The average temperature in January is minus 22.2 degrees Celsius , in July - plus 21.1 degrees Celsius .
The Trans - Siberian Railway and the M58 Amur Federal Highway running from Chita to Khabarovsk with access to Blagoveshchensk pass through the city .
The nearest airport is located in Khabarovsk , from where it is best to go to Birobidzhan by train .
The city has a regional philharmonic .
There are several theaters : the Jewish musical theater , the Kogelet studio theater , the Kudesnik puppet theater , the Rodina movie theater .
There is also the Mazltov children ’s choreographic studio , the Surprise children ’s choreographic school , the Happy Childhood circus school , and the Ilanot Jewish folk song ensemble .
The traditional annual festival of Jewish culture and art is held in the beginning of September .
The crime rate in Birobidzhan
Birobidzhan is the place with the highest rate of drug - related crimes in Russia .
And it is a complex problem .
It is a key point of transportation of drugs from the Far East of Russia and China to the western region of Russia and Eastern Europe ( the only highway and railway are passing through the city ) .
Also , the climate of this region favors the cultivation of narcotic plants .
At the same time , the region has the highest unemployment rate in the Far East .
That ’s why a lot of locals and foreigners are tempted to earn “ easy ” money by growing , producing , transporting drugs ; they also use drugs , hence the crime rate is high .
Main Attractions of Birobidzhan
The main attractions of Birobidzhan are located on the left bank of the Bira River .
Numerous public gardens , squares , and architectural monuments tell about the history of the capital of the Jewish Autonomous Region .
The gates of the city is Station Square ( Kalinin Street , 10 ) , where you can see a fountain with the menorah - a Jewish ritual candlestick , which is a symbol of Judaism since ancient times .
There is also a monument to the first settlers of this region here .
Another interesting place is Theater Square with a philharmonic society , a light and music fountain , and flower beds arranged in the form of the menorah .
Here you can see sculptures of Greek gods ( patrons of art ) and a bronze sculpture of a violinist .
Birobidzhan is a multinational and multiconfessional city .
On Lenin Street , there is Beyt Makhakhem Synagogue ( Lenin Street , 17 ) and the Annunciation Cathedral ( Lenin Street , 34 ) with a unique porcelain iconostasis , the only one in the Far East .
The expositions of the Museum of Local Lore ( Lenin Street , 25 ) tell about the history of the settlement of Jewish autonomy and the nature of the Far East , the Museum of Modern Art of the Jewish Autonomous Region ( Sholem Aleichem Street , 11 ) has the world ’s only collection of paintings on the themes of the Old Testament , the libraries of the city have collections of Jewish , Russian , and foreign literature .
The central street of Birobidzhan is named after the world - famous Jewish writer Sholem Aleichem ( Solomon Naumovich Rabinovich , 1859 - 1916 ) .
A monument was erected to him on the pedestrian section of this street in 2004 .
As a sign of friendship between the twin cities of Birobidzhan and Hegang , Heilongjiang Province of China , Friendship Square was opened near the city hall in 2002 .
The sculpture in the center of the square symbolizes the friendship of people , cooperation , and peace between Russia and China .
At local restaurants and cafes , you can taste a variety of dishes of Russian , Jewish , Korean , Armenian , Ukrainian , and Chinese cuisines .
The city is visited mainly by tourists from China , Japan , the US , Israel , France , Germany , South Korea .
Due to its convenient geographical location , tourist ties with China are most developed .
In 2010 , on the anniversary of the region , an embankment was built along the bank of the Bira River in Birobidzhan , not far from which a new Wedding Palace was opened .
In the vicinity of the city there are a lot of places for hunting , fishing , and river ecotourism .
The Bastak Nature Reserve , located about 35 km north of Birobidzhan , was created to preserve rare species of plants and animals including those listed in the Red Book .
In the reserve , there is an eco-route ( 1.5 kilometers long ) , along which you can go with an hour - long organized tour to enjoy pristine taiga nature .
The village of Kuldur , about 130 km from Birobidzhan , is a relatively famous balneological resort with several sanatoriums .
Its mineral springs are characterized by healing thermal water .
[ H ]e 's given lot 's of money to Repubs .
Opensecrets shows that since 1996 Stephen Raby has contributed $ 33,950 to Republican causes and $ 73,950 to Democratic causes .
He has contributed to both the State Democratic Executive Committee of Alabama and the Republican Party of Alabama .
In the 2008 cycle he contributed to both Mike Rogers , R ( $ 2,000 ) and Josh Segall , D ( $ 500 $ 1,000 * ) in the AL - 03 contest .
He not only contributed to all the Republican Senators and Representatives from Alabama , but to the likes of Duncan Hunter , Curt Weldon , Lisa Murkowski and Kit Bond .
Raby 's last Republican contribution was $ 2,300 to Richard Shelby in 2008 .
My district 's Representative is 76 and ailing ... and retiring .
McCain only got 12 % of the vote around here -- although that must have come from some other part of the district .
Republicans do n't bother to run serious campaigns here ; the Democratic primary is virtually the election .
In 2008 Diane Watson took 88 % of the vote .
In 2006 and 2004 the GOP had n't bothered trying .
Last night she endorsed 100 % -- maybe 300 % Karen Bass to follow her .
Bass was Speaker of the state Assembly .
I 'm sure she 'll make a decent enough congresswoman ; all my friends who know her tell me she 's very sharp and very progressive .
Now , in Northern Alabama the electoral dynamic is very , very different .
Congress ' worst Blue Dog , Parker Griffith , after spending the year voting with the GOP more often than not , finally jumped the fence and came out as a Republican three days before Christmas -- a real lump of coal for northern Alabama ... and Democrats nationwide .
Progressives , on the other hand , were hardly fazed .
We were very much aware that Griffith voted against health care reform and clean energy .
He voted against the Lilly Ledbetter Act , which was named for a woman .
He even went so far as to promise a vote against Nancy Pelosi for Speaker and implied she should be committed .
On the 22nd of December , Griffith made his love for Republican ideology official and cast his lot with the GOP .
In the competition to ensure that Parker Griffith is no longer employed , North Alabama has now been presented with three Democratic candidates who will face one another in a June 1st primary .
Taze Shephard was elected to the Alabama Board of Education in the early 90’s , but his biggest claim to fame is being the grandson of segregationist Alabama Senator John Sparkman .
When I called his office after he announced , it was as cold as a Republican 's and they told me they'd get back to me ; they have n't .
Conservatives never do .
Also in the race is longtime political consultant and former lobbyist Steve Raby .
Aside from Raby ’s establishment credentials ( he has gone so far as to acknowledge that he is the “ establishment candidate " ) , he ’s got a rather peculiar donor history , which I worked with the folks at Left in Alabama to spotlight .
Judging from the first two candidates in the field , we can see how Alabama ’s Fifth District got stuck with a turncoat like Parker Griffith .
Luckily , there is a better option .
Wednesday , Huntsville Attorney Mitchell Howie filed qualifying papers to get on the ballot .
Here is a video of him addressing the Madison County Democratic Executive Committee last week :
Howie ’s grandfather was a doctor in Huntsville during the civil rights struggle and had one of the first integrated waiting rooms in the area , where black and white children , who were treated regardless of whether or not their parents could afford the care , played together openly .
Howie ’s grandparents also often posted bail for civil rights protesters arrested in sit-ins , resulting in death threats for the family at the time .
After law school in Houston , a stint on a Democratic legislator 's staff in the Texas State House , and five years of active duty service in the United States Air Force , Mitchell Howie returned to Huntsville to start his own law practice .
One idea he has proposed in his campaign is the establishment of a Green TVA .
Stating that the Tennessee Valley Authority revolutionized North Alabama in the New Deal era , Howie believes that similar efforts should be undertaken to develop clean energy technology in North Alabama .
Doing so , he hopes , will bring jobs to the district and create innovative technologies that will benefit the country as a whole .
For a Southern Democrat and economic populist , Howie takes some fairly progressive positions such as being pro-choice ( he says he personally is against abortion , but does n’t think that government should have a say in decisions between a patient and her doctor ) , in favor of health care reform , and staunchly supporting a repeal of “ Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell .
"
If you would like to support Mitchell Howie , donations can be made at ActBlue , or you can email info@howieforcongress.com
Labels : Alabama , Mitchell Howie , Parker Griffith
{ February 20 , 2010 } the limits of virtual desktops
so … we ’re going to be talking about activity stuff at tokamak this week .
there ’s a lot of things that are n’t final yet … but … one thing that ’s pretty much settled is that the activity / context stuff is going to be separate from virtual desktops .
regardless of whether we * should * do such a thing , it ’s not possible to do it properly anyways .
I ’ve been asked about this a few times so I ’m going to explain the whole thing in excruciating detail so that I never have to explain it again . :)
virtual desktops are a useful feature .
they ’re nice .
I use them lots .
however , they have their limitations .
some of these could * maybe * be overcome ; some not .
1 ) you can only remove the * last * desktop .
the way the spec works , you are n’t really removing a desktop , you ’re reducing the number of desktops .
perhaps you could hack around this by shuffling all windows from higher desktops over one and renaming all those desktops and then removing the last one .
it ’d be icky , though , maybe slow , and probably prone to glitches .
2 ) adding a desktop messes up their spatial layout .
if I have six virtual desktops in two rows , then desktops 3 and 6 are adjacent .
so are 4 and 5 . but when I add a seventh desktop , suddenly 3 and 4 are adjacent , but 3 and 6 are further apart , and so are 4 and 5 .
this is really annoying if you like to organize pairs of desktops ( one for code , one for documentation ) .
I ’m not sure what could be done about that ; you ca n’t just swap two desktops around ( although perhaps you could implement a hack like in ( 1 ) )
3 ) a window is either on one desktop , or all of them .
you ca n’t have a window on * two * virtual desktops .
maybe you could lie to the window , tell it it ’s on all desktops then just not show it on the desktops it ’s not really on ?
but lying to the windows does n’t feel like a great idea , and I do n’t know what sorts of strange assumptions applications might make …
4 ) compositing exposes lies .
imagine that kmail has the ability to only show mail folders related to your current activity .
now imagine the desktop cube showing kmail on two desktops at once .
kmail does n’t know you ’re using a compositing effect ; it ’ll display as if it were in the current activity , both times .
we had this problem with the taskbar , and got a bazillion complaints .
we ended up removing panels from such effects to hide the issue .
but we ca n’t do that with apps .
So , there are four main problems ; three could perhaps be hacked around , but the fouth is n’t really solvable .
and I do n’t know what other strange assumptions apps may make about virtual desktops .
There ’s also the fact that the spatial organization of the desktops often clashes with contextual stuff .
I use kmail for pretty much every sort of activity , but I do n’t want it on all desktops ; I have it on a separate desktop I set aside for that sort of global stuff .
Forcing those together would suck .
and there ’s lots of people who do stuff like putting documentation on one desktop and code on another – those are part of the same activity , just spread over more space .
We ’re most likely going to continue offering the PVDA option , so I guess you ’d be able to continue making it look like your activities and virtual desktops are one … but the more contextual features are implemented , the more awkward that ’s going to get .
This psychotic mental disorder is diagnosed when prominent nonbizarre delusions are present for at least one month and the symptom criteria for Schizophrenia have never been met .
Hallucinations may be present , but auditory or visual hallucinations cannot be prominent .
Olfactory or tactile hallucinations may be prominent , but only if they are related to the content of the delusion .
Psychosocial functioning may not be impaired and any co-occurring mood episodes must be of relatively brief duration .
Mexico City , Mexico ( CNN ) --
The death toll from heavy floods and mudslides in Mexico increased Tuesday to 41 , a government agency announced .
Most of the deaths -- 30 -- have occurred in eastern Michoacan state , on the central Pacific coast .
The state attorney general 's office released a list of the deceased Tuesday .
Another 12 people are missing after mudslides from two large hills , Michoacan Gov. Leonel Godoy said Tuesday .
The remaining 11 deaths resulted from a mudslide Saturday near the small town of Temascaltepec in neighboring Mexico state .
Interior Secretary Fernando Francisco Gomez Mont has declared a state of natural disaster for the Michoacan cities of Angangueo , Ocampo , Tiquicheo de Nicolas Romero , Tuxpan and Tuzantla .
The declaration makes those cities eligible for money from the federal natural disaster fund .
The death toll in Michoacan had been 27 until three additional bodies were discovered Tuesday .
Godoy said officials are focusing on three tasks : searching for anyone who is alive , recovering bodies and removing boulders and downed trees .
Officials are under pressure to act quickly , he said , because another cold front with more possible rain is expected within the next few days .
More than 3,500 Michoacan residents are homeless , the state government said on its Web site .
In addition to Michoacan and Mexico states , unusually heavy rain in the past week also flooded parts of Mexico City , the nation 's capital .
Up to 37,000 people nationwide have been affected , government officials said .
On Sunday , Mexican President Felipe Calderon toured Valle de Chalco , another city in Mexico state on the eastern outskirts of the Mexico City metro area .
National Water Commission Director Jose Luis Luege said Tuesday that contaminated water from a sewage network there that overflowed Friday will continue to flood the town for at least another 48 hours .
The break in the sewage pipe had been fixed , but it burst again .
Officials also built two dikes to contain the sewage but were unable to use them out of concern that they would burst under the intense pressure from the floodwaters , Luege said .
" It 's a very complicated operation , " he said .
More than 3,000 homes in Valle de Chalco were flooded .
Mexico state is bordered on the west by Michoacan and adjoins Mexico City on three sides -- north , east and west .
Wolf Blitzer asks RedState 's Erick Erickson about their latest bit of , as Paul Waldman calls it , Founding Father Fetishism :
Today , a group of movement right muckety - mucks released " The Mount Vernon Statement , " meant to be a guiding document for their side .
You 've got the heavyweights -- Ed Feulner of the Heritage Foundation , Tony Perkins of the Family Research Council , Grover Norquist of Americans for Tax Reform -- and a few lesser lights , such as professional gay - basher Elaine Donnelly of the Center for Military Readiness .
The document itself is about as vague as it could be .
There is n't a single policy issue mentioned ; just a lot of repetitions of phrases like " founding principles " and " limited government . "
But you 'll note that it 's presented on yellowed paper , with clip art of quill pens at the top !
And the signatures are in ornate , Hancock - esque script !
And it 's called the Mt. Vernon statement -- like George Washington , get it ?
Read on ...
And for another great breakdown of this nonsense , check out this post over at Lefty 's Last Cry , a progressive blog from Notre Dame -- Conservative Constitutional Pornography .
This just looks like more of the same gripes from conservatives that we 've been listening to for , I dunno , how many years now ?
And there 's this from Digby -- Over Before It Began :
Wolf Blitzer just wondered if this " Mt Vernon Statement " will launch " a new era of conservative ascendance . "
I thought , already ?
Did the era of liberal ascendance come and go when I popped out to Starbucks for a cappuccino ?
In case you were wondering what this bold , new conservative manifesto contains , here it is .
My God , what ever will we do in the face of this fresh , exciting breakthrough ?
And as she notes , here 's the initial list that signed off on this thing .
Hardly fresh faces to say the least .
There is nothing self - hating liberals love more than to be told they 're elitists who detest and fear the real America .
So when Gerard Alexander pitched an essay to the Washington Post explaining why liberals are so condescending , the editors must have been overcome by paroxysms of joy .
" See how we grovel ! " you can imagine them thinking .
" Surely no one will accuse us of liberal bias if we are willing to publish a conservative screed as mendacious as this . "
Alexander 's piece , published on Sunday , is filled with dubious assertions and strawman arguments from beginning to end .
But it was not until I was almost through it that I came across a passage so ridiculous that I burst out laughing .
Alexander writes :
" Some observers have decried an anti-intellectual strain in contemporary conservatism , detected in George W Bush 's aw - shucks style , Sarah Palin 's college - hopping and the occasional conservative campaigns against egghead intellectuals . "
Whatever case liberals wish to make against Bush , I am reasonably confident that it has nothing to do with his hail - fellow - well - met persona .
His unthinking blunders into war , torture and trillion - dollar - plus deficits have rather more to do with it .
But it was the idea that liberals hold Palin in contempt because she switched colleges a few times that had me in hysterics .
The real problem is that none of those colleges taught her not to answer " we win , they lose " when asked about her approach to foreign policy .
Then again , this is a woman who prayed for God to build a natural - gas pipeline , and who delivered a cheery greeting to a rightwing hate group that wanted Alaska to secede from the United States .
( The first dude , Todd Palin , was actually a member . )
Trust me on this , Dr Alexander : Palin 's propensity for switching colleges is the least of it .
Alexander , a political - science professor at the University of Virginia , criticises Barack Obama for complaining that he 's been characterised as a " Bolshevik " , ignoring the fact that his opponents regularly refer to him as a " socialist " .
He rips New York Times columnist Paul Krugman , a Nobel Prize - winning economist , for a blog post in which Krugman went after the Wall Street Journal 's editorial page .
And he somehow finds fault with author Thomas Frank and 2004 Democratic presidential candidate Howard Dean for observing – correctly – that Republicans succeed in large measure because they use rightwing positions on social issues to induce working people into voting against their economic self - interests .
Weirdly enough , Alexander even cites a poll of Republicans commissioned by the liberal blog Daily Kos as evidence that liberals look down on conservatives .
You would think the poll results themselves might give Alexander reason to pause : 39 % believe Obama should be impeached ; 63 % say he 's a socialist ; 58 % think Obama was either born outside the United States or are n't sure ; and 31 % believe Obama is " a racist who hates white people " .
Alexander does n't bother to dispute the methodology of the poll .
Instead , he blandly asserts , " I doubt it would take long to design a survey questionnaire that revealed strange , ill - informed and paranoid beliefs among average Democrats . "
What does Alexander mean ?
He provided an answer in an online chat with readers on Monday .
In response to a sensible comment noting that conservatives are far more likely than liberals to believe that evolution is false , global warming is a hoax and Obama was born outside the US , Alexander responded :
" [ W ] hich group is more likely to believe that the Bush White House had advanced warning of al - Qaida 's attack on the US ?
That Aids was developed in a US military lab and used deliberately to infect people ?
That oil companies take as profit most of what we pay at the pump ? "
In other words , crazy opinions based on falsehoods that have become mainstream thought among Republicans are no worse than crazy opinions based on falsehoods that are held by a tiny fringe group on the far left .
Oh , blessed balance .
( And why did he throw in that bit about the oil companies ?
I think we all know that " most " of what we pay for gasoline is n't profit , but does anyone question that the oil business is n't pretty damned lucrative ? )
The new poster boy of the Republican party , Massachusetts senator Scott Brown , got elected in part by claiming that last year 's $ 787bn stimulus package " failed to create one new job " .
It 's a statement that brands him as being fundamentally unserious .
Last fall , Mark Zandi , chief economist for Moody 's Economy.com and an adviser to John McCain during the 2008 presidential campaign , told the New York Times that the stimulus had created or saved more than 1.1 million jobs , and that , if anything , it should have been bigger .
It 's hard not to be condescending in light of Brown 's ignorant ( or cynical ) remarks , or Oklahoma senator James Inhofe 's religious crusade against atmospheric science , or the never - ending debate over so - called intelligent design , which is nothing more than creationism dressed up in academic garb .
" American liberals , to a degree far surpassing conservatives , " Alexander writes , " appear committed to the proposition that their views are correct , self - evident , and based on fact and reason , while conservative positions are not just wrong but illegitimate , ideological and unworthy of serious consideration . "
There 's a reason for that , but it's not the one Alexander wants you to believe .
Click HERE for more on žižek .
By Paul Kellogg
The Slovenian cultural theorist Slavoj žižek – most centrally in his Revolution At The Gates – has made it his business to reintroduce the Russian Marxist Vladimir Lenin to a new generation of activists .
This in itself is a worthwhile project .
Most believe that in building a new left we have to “ leave the Leninist legacy behind ” and greet any attempt to resurrect Lenin with “ sarcastic laughter ...
Does n’t Lenin stand precisely for the failure to put Marxism into practice , for the big catastrophe which left its mark on the whole twentieth - century world politics , for the Real Socialist experiment which culminated in an economically inefficient dictatorship ? ” . [ i ]
žižek is part of a new generation of scholars who reject both the Cold War version of Lenin as “ a devil ” and the Stalinist version of Lenin as “ a god ” .
The fact that a theorist of žižek ’s prominence takes Lenin seriously is important in itself , and the writings of Lenin to which žižek introduces a new generation are remarkable .
One early reviewer said that “ žižek 's effort ” in this revival of Lenin studies “ demands praise .
His courage to stand against both the prevailing postmodernism and liberal multiculturalism , his taking a stand on the side of radical action against impotent talk is to be commended . ” [ ii ]
This praise is unwarranted .
This article will challenge žižek ’s interpretation of the relationship between Lenin and democracy , Lenin and violence , and Lenin and Stalin .
The net effect of žižek ’s analysis is not to resurrect Lenin , but to resurrect Stalin – an utterly irresponsible project given the nightmare of Stalinism from which we have only just emerged .
The article will offer some suggestions for a more fruitful approach to “ resurrecting ” the political legacy of Vladimir Lenin .
Theory and practice in 1917
It is necessary , first , to review the Lenin which žižek does reintroduce to today ’s new left .
What žižek offers us in Revolution at the Gates is a remarkable selection of Lenin ’s writings , composed from the overthrow of the tsar and the creation of the provisional government in early 1917 , to the overthrow of the provisional government and the installation of a workers ’ council based state in late 1917 .
žižek says that “ it is crucial to emphasize the relevance of ‘ high theory ’ for the most concrete political struggle today ” ( Žižek 2002 b : 4 ) and argues that Lenin ’s theoretical writings in the 1917 era were crucial to the successful October Revolution .
He praises the “ high theory ” of Lenin as being remarkably “ readable ... there is no need for long explanatory notes ” displaying “ an almost classical clarity in tracing the contours of the struggle in which they participate ” ( Žižek 2002 b : 7 ) .
These writings are well worth close study .
The very first lines reveal the clarity of Lenin ’s insights into the politics of his day .
In the immediate aftermath of the overthrow of the tsar , Lenin writes : “ The first revolution engendered by the imperialist world war has broken out .
The first revolution but certainly not the last ” ( Žižek 2002b : 15 ) .
This was to prove true both inside and outside Russia .
Inside Russia , there was to be a second revolution that established a state based on workers ’ councils ( soviets ) .
Outside Russia , revolutions were to sweep through Eastern and Central Europe , most notably in Germany , where the kaiser was overthrown .
žižek also reprints what came to be known as Lenin ’s April Theses , in which he broke from the established orthodoxy of his own party ( the Bolsheviks ) .
In theory largely shaped over the years by Lenin himself , the Bolsheviks had concluded that a long period of bourgeois rule would follow the overthrow of the tsar .
In the April Theses Lenin comes over , in effect , to the ideas of Leon Trotsky , who had seen a decade earlier that in Russia , the democratic revolution would necessarily take the form of a workers ’ revolution , raising the banner of socialism . [ iii ]
In what would seem like heresy to Marxists trained in the mechanical formulae of the Second ( Socialist ) International – what Žižek calls “ evolutionary historicism ” – Lenin writes that the first stage of the revolution was not bourgeois out of historic inevitability ( as most Marxists thought ) , but because of the “ insufficient class - consciousness and organization of the proletariat ” .
There must soon be a “ second stage , which must place power in the hands of the proletariat and the poorest sections of the peasants ” ( Žižek 2002b : 57 ) .
This idea was like a thunderbolt inside the Russian socialist movement .
Until now , the idea that a poor country such as Russia , with a large peasant population , could proceed directly to a workers ’ revolution , was the property of a very small minority , best represented by Trotsky .
Lenin had the courage to abandon his old theories , come over to the substance of Trotsky ’s position ( without , however , ever formally saying so ) , laying the ground for Trotsky and his followers ( the Inter - District Committee – in Russian , Mezhrayontsi or Mezhrayonka ) to fuse with Lenin ’s Bolsheviks in the summer of 1917 .[ iv ]
From that point on , until the rise of Stalin , the Russian Revolution was pre-eminently identified with Lenin and Trotsky as an inseparable team .
žižek concludes his reprints with a section of Lenin ’s works written in the immediate run-up to the insurrection that overthrew the provisional government .
Here , Lenin is making every effort to persuade some of his more conservative co-thinkers , that there is a place in Marxism for the “ art ” of insurrection .
Being a Marxist , he argues , does n’t mean waiting for the laws of history to work themselves out , but to study those laws to determine how best actively to intervene into their “ working out ” in order to further the interests of the working class and the oppressed .
At certain moments , that intervention can take the form of preparing an insurrection , something most Marxists considered the preserve of the unscientific anarchists .
Lenin disagreed .
He said first , that in certain circumstances it was possible for socialists to organise an insurrection , but it “ must rely not on conspiracy and not upon a party , but upon the advanced class ...
Insurrection must rely upon a revolutionary upsurge of the people .
...
Insurrection must rely upon that turning - point in the history of the growing revolution when the activity of the advanced ranks of the people is at its height ” ( Žižek 2002b : 117 ) .
But Lenin went further .
By October 1917 , he was writing that not only was insurrection possible , it was also necessary .
“ It is clear that all power must pass to the Soviets ” but “ in practice the transfer of power to the Soviets now means armed uprising ...
To repudiate armed uprising now would mean to repudiate the key slogan of Bolshevism ( All Power to the Soviets ) ” ( Žižek 2002b : 142 ) .
These are remarkable writings from a key figure active during one of the critical turning points of the twentieth century , a moment when objective forces ( war and economic crisis ) had engendered mass movements of millions , creating conditions where the determined actions of an organised minority ( the Bolshevik party ) could be a factor in changing the course of history .
Making these readings available to a new generation is extremely worthwhile .
This worthwhile project is , unfortunately , seriously flawed by a quite mistaken ( and at times quite confusing ) analysis of these ideas .
Democracy and the state
To begin with , we are presented with a very one - sided “ insurrectionary ” Lenin , who has no use for the struggle for reforms .
žižek asserts that Lenin ’s State and Revolution ( Lenin : 1980 ) a key text of the 1917 revolution , is arguing that “ in so far as we still dwell within the domain of the State , we are legitimately entitled to exercise full violent terror , since , within this domain , every democracy is a fake ... since the State is an instrument of oppression , it is not worth trying to improve its apparatuses , the protection of the legal order , elections , laws guaranteeing personal freedom ... – all this becomes irrelevant ” ( Žižek 2002b : 192 ) .
With a phrase he has dismissed generations of struggle for democratic reform inside capitalism .
Perhaps this is žižek “ bending the stick ” to make a point .
Elsewhere , he shows a more nuanced understanding of Lenin ’s attitude towards formal democracy .
When Lenin “ underlines that there is no ‘ pure ’ democracy , that we should always ask whom does a freedom under consideration serve and where is its role in the class struggle , his point is precisely to maintain the possibility of the true radical choice .
... when Lenin asks about the role of a freedom within the class struggle , what he is asking is precisely : ‘ Does this freedom contribute to or constrain the fundamental revolutionary Choice ? ’ ” ( žižek 2004 : unpaginated ) .
But if that more nuanced position is žižek's , then it is incumbent on him to include it in his long analysis of Lenin ’s writings .
Its absence seriously distorts the argument .
žižek 's object is to rescue State and Revolution from socialists who focus on the text as envisioning “ the prospect of abolishing the State , of the broad masses directly taking the administration of public affairs into their own hands ” ( Žižek 2002b : 192 ) .
žižek is undoubtedly right in one thing – most do not read the pamphlet and come away seeing its key lesson as an argument that we are “ entitled to exercise full violent terror ” .
Most do in fact focus on its emancipatory vision of a world without state oppression .
But this , according to žižek , is misleading .
We have to understand , he is saying , that even in this “ libertarian ” vision , there is embedded a politics of violence , that is a thread linking the 1917 Lenin with the “ Jacobin - elitist Lenin of What Is to Be Done ? ” ( Žižek 2002b : 192 ) .
But žižek 's gloss is wrong , and the conclusions about the place for the struggle for democracy might be žižek ’s , but they are not Lenin’s .
First of all – what does it mean to say we live “ within the domain of the State ” ( the word “ state ” being for unknown reasons introduced with a capital letter ) ?
The state is a contradictory component of the superstructure of modern society – part administrative , and part repressive .
It arises out of the contradictions and complexity of developing class society , but becomes “ a power standing above society and ‘ alienating itself more and more from it ’ in the words of Lenin and Marx ’s co-thinker , Frederick Engels ( Lenin 1980 : 393 ) .
The people who in any meaningful sense “ live within the domain of the state ” are the upper level bureaucrats and the privileged classes whose interests they serve .
Ordinary people do n’t “ live in the domain of the state ” unless in the most general sense that we all live in societies that have states – and that is such a level of abstraction as to be meaningless .
Second , would Lenin really agree with the political conclusions žižek summarises – that “ every democracy is a fake ” and thus “ it is not worth trying to improve ” democratic rights ?
With a phrase , he has dismissed out of hand the struggles of literally millions of the world ’s oppressed .
From one standpoint , the history of the last half of the 20th century was a history of mass movements for the extension of this “ fake ” democracy .
What was the Civil Rights movement in the United States , but a mass assertion of the right of African Americans to exercise their franchise ?
This great rising of the oppressed laid the foundation for all the key social movements of the 1960s and 1970s .
What was the ten-million strong Polish trade union Solidarność , but a monumental effort to win democracy against repressive Stalinist state capitalism ?
This enormous democratic movement at the beginning of the 1980s laid the basis for the undermining of Stalinist totalitarianism at the end of that decade .
What was the great movement against apartheid in South Africa , but a millions - strong rebellion against lack of democracy , and an assertion of the right of the Black majority to enter into the official realm of politics ?
What were the movements for independence in India , the Chinese revolution , the anti-colonial uprisings in Africa , but movements by the oppressed majority to assert their democratic right to sovereignty ?
Of course žižek – as a person of the left – would have supported the struggles of the workers and poor of Mississippi , Gdansk and Soweto .
However , his careless gloss on Lenin – that “ it is not worth trying ” to improve “ the protection of the legal order , elections , laws guaranteeing personal freedoms ... ” – leads in the opposite direction , to a political position of indifference towards these mass struggles for democratic reform .
This is not Leninism as Lenin would have recognised it .
Most of Lenin ’s adult political life was organised around the struggle for the extension of democracy , what žižek claims the Lenin of 1917 would have seen as a struggle “ not worth trying ” .
Lenin of course knew the limitations of contemporary democracy .
It was Lenin who in 1919 said , “ the most democratic bourgeois republic is no more than a machine for the suppression of the working class by the bourgeoisie , for the suppression of the working people by a handful of capitalists ” ( Lenin 1987 : 151 ) .
But Lenin , and all thinkers , has to be put into context .
This 1919 statement on democracy was written at the high point of the spread of the Russian and European workers ’ council movement , which showed in life the possibility of an alternative to bourgeois democracy , the much more democratic workers ’ democracy based on direct democracy at the workplace .
His 1917 State and Revolution – where he develops at length the theory of a workers ’ council based democracy – was written after three years of barbarous world war , and in the context of a fierce reaction against the February , 1917 revolution , a reaction with parliamentary socialists at its head .
Take Lenin in a different context – at the mid-point of what would come to be known as the 1905 Revolution .
In July 1905 , the first wave of strikes had subsided , and the second wave ( that would lead to the establishment of history ’s first workers ’ councils ) had not yet begun .
In this inter-regnum , “ unlimited terror reigned in the streets ” ( Trotsky 1971 : 83 ) according to Trotsky , along with Rosa Luxemburg , the 1905 revolution ’s great historian .
In this context , Lenin wrote : “ The full development of the productive forces in modern bourgeois society , a broad , free , and open class struggle , and the political education , training , and rallying of the masses of the proletariat are inconceivable without political freedom .
Therefore it has always been the aim of the class - conscious proletariat to wage a determined struggle for complete political freedom and the democratic revolution ” ( Lenin 1977d : 511 ) .
There is nothing unique about this quote .
This orientation towards advocating democratic reform was central to his political theory and practice while organising against the autocracy .
One democratic demand in particular distinguished Lenin and his party from all others of his time – his and their insistence on the right of oppressed nations to self - determination .
It was here that Lenin parted company with Rosa Luxemburg , who had many strengths as a political theorist and activist , but – because she feared that its independence movement would not be led by Socialists – did not support the right of Poland to self - determination ( Dunayevskaya 1991 , Davis 1976 ) .
Lenin ’s insistence on this democratic right divided him from the reformists of the Second International ( who consistently lined up with this or that imperialist power ) and later from his successor , Joseph Stalin , whose counter - revolution against the Russian workers ’ state in many ways began with an attack on the right of small nations – including his own homeland of Georgia – to exercise their right to self - determination ( Lewin 1973 , Lenin and Trotsky 1975 ) .
The contrast could n’t be greater : Lenin the revolutionary democrat , who on his deathbed saw the importance of the democratic demand of national self - determination ; Stalin the counter - revolutionary autocrat whose consolidation of power involved the brutal suppression of the oppressed nationalities .
Lars T. Lih ’s introduction to the ideas of Lenin highlights clearly the democratic content to the life ’s work of Lenin and his socialist current .
Overthrowing the autocracy – in other words , achieving political freedom – is vital not only for Russia but for the workers who can then set out on the direct road of open political struggle .
“ Open ” should be understood as meaning “ without the censorship and repression that keeps us from bringing insight and organization to the workers in the most effective way possible ” ( Lih 2006 : 117 ) .
Elsewhere , žižek has written clearly on not treating with disdain the formal democracy available under capitalism .
In 2005 in New Left Review he argued that “ formal democracy ” can from one standpoint be seen as :
a necessary but illusory expression of a concrete social reality of exploitation and class domination .
But it can also be read in the more subversive sense of a tension in which the ‘ appearance ’ of égaliberté is not a ‘ mere appearance ’ but contains an efficacy of its own , which allows it to set in motion the rearticulation of actual socio- economic relations by way of their progressive ‘ politicization . ’
Why should n’t women also be allowed to vote ?
Why should n’t workplace conditions be a matter of public concern as well ?
( žižek 2005a : 130 ) .
But this understanding of the dual nature of democratic reforms under capitalism , is completely absent in his presentation of the 1917 Lenin .
Redemptive violence ?
žižek ’s decontextualised and therefore overly abstract outline of what he call ’s Lenin ’s theory of the state , leads to an “ ultraleft ” dismissal of the struggle for democracy .
Ultraleft is a term describing political theory and practice that sounds very “ left - wing ” ( we are much more radical than those fighting for democracy ) but in practice is highly conservative ( we stand on the sidelines with arms folded while millions put their lives on the line for democratic reform ) . [ v]
But this is only part of the problem .
His ultraleftism is tangled up with a grotesque fascination with violence .
These two aspects of his theory – ultraleftism and a fascination with violence – are linked .
žižek ’s ultraleftism reveals itself in his utter contempt for a long list of political activities .
“ Médecins sans frontières , Greenpeace , feminist and anti-racist campaigns ” are examples of what he calls “ interpassivity : of doing things not in order to achieve something , but to prevent something from really happening , really changing .
All this frenetic humanitarian , Politically Correct , etc. activity fits the formula of ‘ Let ’s go on changing something all the time so that , globally , things will remain the same ! ’ ” ( Žižek 2002b : 170 ) .
His contempt for these activities is matched by his contempt for “ one of the hottest topics in today ’s ‘ radical ’ American academia : postcolonial studies ” ( Žižek 2002b : 171 ) .
He calls this academic radicalism “ an empty gesture which obliges no one to do anything definite ” ( Žižek 2002b : 172 ) .
And the solution ?
– reading žižek , the inescapable conclusion is that , for him , what this “ empty gesture ” lacks is violence .
This is made clear in one of the strangest parts of his analysis of Lenin , his long critique of the 1999 Hollywood film , Fight Club ( Fincher 1999 ) .
Lead character Ed Norton together with new friend Tyler ( Brad Pitt ) “ set up the secret organization , Fight Club .
This is where equally unhappy men can experience some " real masculine emotion " - pain .
... [ Tyler ] turns the " slaves in white collars " at Fight Club into a guerrilla fighting force who wear a blackshirt uniform .
They make explosives for Project Mayhem - to take on big business and the wealthy ” .
One socialist reviewer said the film “ left a nasty taste in my mouth ... I was treated to over two hours of a nasty , cynical film whose violence was the least offensive part ” ( Shooter 1999 : unpaginated ) .
But žižek is not offended in the least .
He takes the film , and uses it to develop a theme he calls “ redemptive violence ” .
He calls the founding of Fight Club a “ much more radical exercise ” than “ love for one ’s neighbour ” ( Žižek 2002b : 250 ) .
žižek quite likes this term “ redemptive violence ” – as do the Verso editors who feature the words on the back cover of the book , saying that with “ the forthcoming crisis of capitalism , the possibility of a redemptive violence , the falsity of liberal tolerance – Lenin ’s time has come again ” ( žižek 2002 b : back cover ) .
But it ’s just a phrase , and a misused phrase at that .
The term “ redemptive violence ” is associated with the theological writings of Walter Wink ( 1999 ) .
But his object was not to romanticise , but to criticise “ redemptive violence ” as a foundation myth for what he calls “ a dominator society ” ( Wink , 1999 : 53 ) .
He looks at the violence inscribed in children ’s cartoons , and traces them to an archetype rooted in ancient Bablyonian mythology .
“ Typically , a male war god residing in the sky fights a decisive battle with a female divine being , usually depicted as a monster or dragon , residing in the sea or abyss ( the feminine element ) ” ( Wink , 1999 : 46 ) .
The recreation of this myth in the modern era , in part through children ’s culture , has a definite social role .
“ The myth of redemptive violence is the simplest , laziest , most exciting , uncomplicated , irrational , and primitive depiction of evil the world has ever known .
...
Children select this mythic structure because they have already been led , by culturally reinforced cues and role models , to resonate with its simplistic view of reality .
Its presence everywhere is ... a function of values endlessly reinforced by the Domination System .
By making violence pleasurable , fascinating , and entertaining , the Powers are able to delude people into compliance with a system that is cheating them of their very lives ” ( Wink , 1999 : 53 ) .
Wink is a theologian not a Marxist .
But a Gramsican would recognise his analysis , a critique of an aspect of the ideological superstructure through which capitalism exercises hegemony .
But žižek ignores all this .
He likes Wink ’s phrase ( once the word “ myth ” is removed ) , and develops his notion of “ redemptive violence ” as a counter - hegemonic , not a hegemonic project .
A scene which involves “ self - beating ” is designed to “ reach out and re-establish the connection with the real Other – to suspend the fundamental abstraction and coldness of capitalist subjectivity , best exemplified by the figure of the lone monadic individual who , alone in front of the PC screen , communicates with the entire world ... the very violence of the fight signals the abolition of this distance ” ( Žižek 2002b : 251-2 ) .
Žižek ’s account is misleading and distasteful on several fronts .
Wink the theologian emphasises that in version after version of this creation myth , misogyny is a recurring theme .
“ Having vanquished the original enemy by war and murder , the victor fashions a cosmos from the monster ’s corpse .
Cosmic order requires the violent suppression of the feminine , and is mirrored in the social order by the subjection of women to men and people to ruler ” ( Wink , 1999 : 46 ) .
But Žižek the radical cultural theorist completely ignores this aspect of Fight Club .
“ We ’re a generation of men raised by women .
I ’m wondering if another woman is really the answer we need ” says Tyler at one point .
And the fat used in the making of their soap ?
It comes from a liposuction clinic , allowing for the following , horrifying , line : “ It was beautiful .
We were selling rich women their fat asses back to them ” ( Fincher , 1999 ) .
The theologian Wink would recognise the reactionary nature of this imagery and dialogue .
The radical cultural theorist Žižek has nothing to say .
Further , the individual “ alone in front of the PC screen ” may be žižek , but it is not the modern proletariat in either the office or the factory .
žižek would benefit from some class analysis .
“ [ T ] he film 's starting point is the miserable lives many ordinary people have .
But the everyman character and the film 's narrator , played by Ed Norton , is not your average worker .
He is employed by a leading car company to see how far they can get away with unsafe vehicles before they have to recall the product ” ( Shooter 1999 : unpaginated ) .
Norton is a member of the “ professional middle class ” – what used to be called the petty bourgeoisie – a section of society that is prone to extreme individualism .
“ Radical ” versions of this individualism can end up with a fixation on individual violence .
Acts of individual violence are often seen as the only way to resist capitalist society , because the class standpoint of the petty bourgeoisie is divorced from the day - to - day collective work and struggles of the mass of the oppressed , and therefore distant from the great potential power of working - class collective action .
The classic theoretical expression of this is the chaotic thinker Georges Sorel .
There were left - wing revolutionary syndicalists at the beginning of the last century who saw Sorel ’s philosophic justification of the role of violence ( best expressed in his Reflections on Violence ) as part of their ideological armour in the fight against capitalism .
“ In 1905 , Sorel declared flatly that ‘ revolutionary syndicalism ’ is the practical realization of what is truly essential in Marxism .
For him , it was an expression of Marxism ‘ superior to any and all theoretical formulations ’ , because it expressed the class struggle in a conscious , militant and direct fashion ” ( Portis 1980 : 64 ) .
But we now have more than a century of experience since that was written .
The sobering truth is that Sorel ’s fascination with action and violence – unrooted in anything resembling a political economy let alone class politics – was most useful not to the left , but to the far right .
The Italian fascist Benito Mussolini said : “ I owe most to Georges Sorel .
This master of syndicalism by his rough theories of revolutionary tactics has contributed most to form the discipline , energy and power of the fascist cohorts ” ( Shils 1971 : 24 ) .
In fact the film žižek celebrates has some clear references to fascism .
One reviewer characterises the film ’s violence as “ anti- capitalist fascist terror ” ( Jarvis 1999 , unpaginated ) .
Another points out that , as well as wearing black shirt uniforms , the explosives made by the film ’s “ heroes ” are made “ from a concoction made from human fat .
These are not unwitting references to Nazism .
They are part of a film whose conclusion is that a brutal army is the force to bring down the present system ” ( Shooter 1999 : unpaginated ) .
žižek is aware of this , citing favourably an analysis of Fight Club which argues that the organisation founded by the two key protagonists “ ends up transforming into a fascist organization with a new name : Project Mayhem ” ( Diken and Laustsen 2001 : 2 ) .
But this acknowledgement of the reactionary message embedded in the film is added on as an afterthought .
žižek celebrates the film as a response to capitalist alienation – ignoring that this response , is proto - fascist , as well as deeply misogynist .
Marx talked about the working class becoming the subject of history .
For žižek however , subjectivity is individualised in a way that is characteristic of thinkers who do not root their thinking in class analysis .
“ The first lesson of Fight Club ” , he writes , is “ that we cannot go directly from capitalist to revolutionary subjectivity : the abstraction , the foreclosure of others , the blindness to the other ’s suffering and pain , has first to be broken in a gesture of taking the risk and reaching directly out to the suffering other – a gesture which , since it shatters the very kernel of our identity , cannot fail to appear extremely violent ” ( Žižek 2002b : 252 ) .
But working - class subjectivity – understood as the development of class consciousness – is not an individual gesture of risk taking and violence .
It is a product of collective work and collective struggle , something completely absent in žižek ’s analysis .
This picture of žižek ’s fascination with violence helps illuminate his very particular reading of State and Revolution , examined earlier .
The key for him is not the emancipatory vision of the withering away of the state .
The key is the fact that “ every democracy is a fake ” and thus “ we are legitimately entitled to exercise full violent terror ” .
Violence , for žižek , is an end in itself .
It was not for Lenin .
Lenin ’s generation of socialists was quite aware of the sometimes - violent nature of the struggle for change .
They were , after all , operating inside a repressive tsarist autocracy .
Siberia and prison were the almost inevitable reward for becoming a political activist .
Lenin – like Malcolm X in the United States and Frantz Fanon in Algeria – was a defender of the right of the mass movement to resist the violent attacks of the state , including the right of the oppressed to use violence in return .
But both Lenin , Malcolm X and Fanon knew that this was not an end in itself .
The key was developing the capacities of the mass of the working class and oppressed as a whole .
Tactics had to be chosen that “ were calculated to bring about the direct participation of the masses and which guaranteed that participation ” ( Lenin 1977 c : 193 ) .
For those activists who celebrated violence as an end in itself , Lenin had very strong words .
“ [ W ] ithout the working people all bombs are powerless , patently powerless ... an appeal to resort to such terrorist acts as the organization of attempts on the lives of ministers by individuals and groups that are not known to one another means , not only thereby breaking off work among the masses , but also introducing downright disorganization into that work . ”
Acts of terrorism by individuals can create “ a short - lived sensation ” but that is followed quickly by “ apathy and passive waiting for the next bout ” ( Lenin 1977 c : 189 and 191 ) .
In a certain sense , it is unfair to use this debate between Lenin and his opponents on the left as a foil with which to critique žižek ’s positions .
Lenin was polemicising against the Socialist Revolutionaries , a group on the left focused on the revolutionary potential of the peasantry .
Lenin might have profoundly disagreed with their tactics , but he dealt with them seriously and at length because they were engaged in political work on a mass scale .
In the tumultuous epoch of revolution in 1917 , a big section of the Socialist Revolutionaries would join with Lenin ’s Bolsheviks in the new party of the revolution .
žižek ’s celebration of violence , by contrast , is not rooted in mass work of any sort .
It is totally and utterly individualistic .
žižek ’s celebration of the violent individual reflects a profound pessimism in the political mass .
This is characteristic of all such individualistic celebrations of violence – something that Lenin argued made them , in spite of their left - wing rhetoric , very similar to those whose horizons are limited to the parliamentary struggle for reforms .
The British socialist Gareth Jenkins summarises Lenin ’s point succinctly .
Both the terrorist and the parliamentary reformist “ evaded the central role of how workers themselves would change society ...
One tendency substituted terror for mass work , the other reform for revolution .
... neither looks to working class self - activity as the lever for revolutionary change ” ( Jenkins 2006 : 67 ) .
žižek is using his role as an intellectual in the most irresponsible of fashions .
For him these are just words , to shock and impress an academic audience .
But there are activists in the world trying to find theories and practices that will help them deal with the oppression and exploitation that are the bitter daily reality for millions .
Should any of them read žižek and take him at his word – one shudders at the political conclusions that could be drawn .
Forget about democracy , forget about the struggle for reforms , understand your right to “ extreme terror ” , and look for the revolutionary gesture of violence to confront “ The Other ” – the only way to develop your revolutionary subjectivity .
If these conclusions were n’t so potentially dangerous , they would be laughable .
The obvious barbarism of Stalinism
“ The very thin layer of those who still think and feel and have not so far been strangled , shot , starved or frozen , is depressed , oppressed , and – silent ” ( Joffe 1978 : 222 ) .
These were the grim words of Russian socialist Maria Joffe , emerging from almost 30 years in the gulag – Stalin ’s system of Siberian concentration camps – an experience she called “ One Long Night ” .
The anti-Stalinist left can no longer be silenced .
But in breaking the silence imposed by 20th century totalitarianism – Stalin ’s included – it does not help to , again , romanticise one of history ’s saddest chapters , the long night of Joseph Stalin .
Unfortunately , this is exactly what žižek does in what is the most disturbing section of his analysis of Lenin , something he titles , “ The Inner Greatness of Stalinism ” .
žižek knows very well the horrors of Stalinism .
“ `Really Existing Socialism ’ was barbarism ” ( Žižek 2002b : 192 ) , he quite accurately observes .
“ I am from the East , I know what shit it was .
I have no nostalgia for Stalinism ” ( Rasmussen 2004 : unpaginated ) .
But this reads like an “ add - on ” to his basic orientation , similar to his giving a nod to the fact that Fight Club – a film he idolises – does have a “ few ” fascist overtones .
His basic position in the Afterword to Revolution at the Gates is very much pro-Stalin .
“ We should ” , he argues , “ stop the ridiculous game of opposing the Stalinist terror to the ‘ authentic ’ Leninist legacy betrayed by Stalinism : ‘ Leninism ’ is a thoroughly Stalinist notion ” ( Žižek 2002b : 193 ) .
This is the oldest intellectual exercise of the 20th century , one practiced by both left and right .
Stalin is rooted in Lenin .
Therefore if you choose Lenin , you get Stalin .
The only difference is one of attitude .
The right says , “ Stalin was horrible – that means Lenin was horrible too ” .
The left says , “ OK , Stalin was horrible , but he had to be , he was up against imperialism – he is just an extreme Lenin . ”
But if , to get Lenin , the left has to also apologise for Stalinist barbarism , then it would be better to forget about Lenin .
The great tragedy of the 20th century was that in country after country , large sections of the workers ’ movement – often the most militant and organised – defined their left politics with reference to Stalin .
They accepted , in other words , that to take on board Lenin , they had to take on board Stalin as well .
Those worker militants often did wonderful work in spite of being influenced by Stalinism .
But Stalinism inside Russia and Eastern Europe – which is the subject of žižek ’s analysis – was the ideology of totalitarian states .
In Russia ’s case , it was also the ideology of the counter - revolution that crushed the remnants of workers ’ democracy under an iron boot .
Many observers at the time knew this very well .
Stalin ’s terror culminated in the show trials and mass executions of 1936 - 1938 .
On March 5 , 1938 , in an article in Popolo d’Italia , “ Mussolini ... asked whether ‘ in view of the catastrophe of Lenin ’s system , Stalin could secretly have become a fascist , ’ and stated that in any case ‘ Stalin is doing a notable service to fascism by mowing down in large armfuls his enemies who had been reduced to impotence ’ ” ( Cited in Souvarine 1939 : 634 ) .
In the words of Anton Antonov - Ovseyenko – whose father was a leading Bolshevik , leading the storming of the Winter Palace in 1917 ( Encylopedia of Marxism , 2008 : unpaginated ) – the 1930s , dominated by fascism and Stalinism , represented “ the history of the counter - revolution ... an entire historical epoch during which the vilest and bloodiest kind of evildoing flourished upon the earth ” ( Antonov - Ovseyenko 1981 : 40 ) .
žižek says that “ we still lack a satisfactory theory of Stalinism ” , citing the inadequacies of Franz Neumann , Herbert Marcuse and the Habermasian school ( žižek 2005 b : unpaginated ) .
But in this list there is a strange absence – the entirety of the main body of Marxist anti-Stalinism , represented by Leon Trotsky and those who followed him in the “ Trotskyist tradition ” , broadly conceived .
Starting with Trotsky ’s own classic accounts ( 1967a ; 1967 b ; 1972 ) , the writers Victor Serge ( 1984 ) , Ante Ciliga ( 1979 ) , Isaac Deutscher ( 1949 ) , Tony Cliff ( 1974 ) , Marcel Liebman ( 1970 ) , Raya Dunayevskaya ( 1946/47 ) and C.L.R. James ( 1969 ) all have made a real contribution – and this is far from a complete list .
The Marxist anti-Stalinist theories of Stalinism are quite extensive , žižek ’s silence on them notwithstanding .
But none of this exists for žižek .
He has little understanding of the tradition he calls “ Trotskyite ” .
He argues , for instance , that you can only accept the authentic “ act ” of revolution , if you “ endorse the act fully in all its consequences ” including the possibility of “ the Worse ” .
His meaning is clear – to embrace October 1917 , you have to also accept responsibility for Stalinism in the 1930s .
He has nothing but contempt for “ the nostalgia of Trotskyite [ sic ] and other radical Leftists for the early days of the Revolution , with workers ’ councils popping up ‘ spontaneously ’ everywhere , against the Thermidor , that is , the later ossification of the Revolution into a new hierarchical state structure ” ( žižek 1999 : 377 ) .
But this theoretical perspective cannot explain why the leading figure of anti-Stalinism became Leon Trotsky – along with Lenin the pre-eminent leader of the October Revolution .
Who embraced the revolutionary act more fully than Leon Trotsky – president of the Petrograd Soviet in 1905 and again in 1917 , organiser of the insurrection in October 1917 , organiser of the Red Army in the desperate prosecution of the Civil War ?
This embrace of the revolutionary act did not require a subsequent embrace of Stalinism .
In fact , to hold onto this revolutionary act demanded the embracing of resistance to Stalinism , what Antonov - Ovseyenko accurately labelled “ counter - revolution ” .
Alex Callinicos also calls Russian Stalinism a counter - revolution , and identifies some of its key features .
First was the euphemistically named forced “ collectivisation ” of agriculture , in reality the launching of a civil war against small peasant holdings by the state resulting in millions of deaths , relocations and imprisonments .
Driving the regime to this “ primitive accumulation ” was the second aspect of the counter - revolution , the need to subordinate all efforts to industrialisation , to allow the Soviet Union to catch up with the advanced West .
And collectivisation accomplished the key “ primitive accumulation ” task – “ freeing ” peasants from the land and making available a huge pool of surplus labour for the new industries in the cities .
Growing war fears with the west fuelled the drive for rapid industrialisation .
Lenin in 1919 argued , “ We are living not merely in a state , but in a system of states , and it is inconceivable for the Soviet republic to live alongside of the imperialist states for any length of time .
One or other must triumph in the end . ”
For Lenin and Trotsky , the conclusion was to win the other states to workers ’ revolution through the Communist International , founded in 1919 .
Stalin abandoned this notion .
His alternative was called “ socialism in one country ” but was in reality the brutal use of state - centred coercion to industrialise and become a great power .
To achieve industrialisation , there was feverish urbanisation ( driving peasants to the cities ) and a massive increase in exploitation .
“ Real wages in 1932 were at most 50 per cent of their 1928 level . ”
There was resistance to these attacks by workers in the cities , just as peasants in the countryside resisted the expropriation of their land .
This capacity to resist had to be crushed in order for the counter - revolution to succeed , and thus any inside the cities with a memory of the politics of workers ’ resistance had to be repressed .
The coercion , then , was directed first and foremost at former and current activists in the Bolshevik party , the party that , for more than a generation , had been the leading exponent of workers ’ opposition to exploitation .
This coercion culminated in the Great Terror of 1936 - 38 where several hundred thousand people perished .
On the backs of these developments came the final piece in the counter - revolutionary puzzle , the upward mobility of a new generation of non -“ Old Bolshevik ” rulers .
The Terror “ wiped out the generation of Bolsheviks who had been shaped by the underground struggle against Tsarism and led the October Revolution itself ” .
Their shoes were filled by a new generation organised not around world revolution , but around national industrial and military growth , a new bureaucratic ruling class ( Callinicos 1992 : 29-35 ) .
That is , in outline , one version of the Marxist approaches to an understanding of Stalinism , approaches that have stood the test of time .
This Marxist approach confronts head - on the obvious barbarism of Stalinism , and insists that – Stalin ’s claims to the contrary – this barbarism has nothing to do with any left project , it has nothing to do with Lenin .
That is why Trotsky – Lenin ’s closest collaborator from 1917 until Lenin ’s death – said there was “ between Bolshevism and Stalinism not simply a bloody line but a whole river of blood ” ( Trotsky : 1978 : 423 ) .
This kind of analysis – rooted in a study of international political economy , the dynamics of class struggle , the complex history of parties and peoples – this kind of approach does not exist for žižek .
His analysis wanders in a garden of culture , biography and comment and is frequently more favourable to Stalin than Lenin .
At one level , he says , Lenin ’s attempt to lead a revolution in 1917 was a “ utopia ” , a kind of “ madness ” , and “ if anything , Stalinism stands for a return to the realistic ‘ common sense ’ ” ( Žižek 2002 b : 5 ) .
Two prominent Marxist anti-Stalinist ( and Trotskyist ) theorists identify 1928 , the first five - year plan and the beginning of forced industrialisation as a watershed in the transition from a workers ’ state to counter - revolution and state capitalism ( Cliff 1974 , Dunayevskaya 1946 / 47 ) .
žižek quotes approvingly an analysis that sees that same year and that same event as “ not a kind of ‘ Thermidor ’ but , rather , the consequent radicalization of the October Revolution ” ( Žižek 2002b : 317 ) .
This “ radicalisation ” led to the death of millions of peasants , and the destruction of virtually the entirety of the 1917 - era Bolshevik party .
He also combines his fascination with violence with an analysis of Stalin ’s rule .
He praises the reign of “ institutional terror ” in the Stalin regime as parallel to some kinds of treatment in psychoanalysis .
“ [ W ] hat , in politics , is self - destructive terror is of a totally different order in the psychoanalytic community – here , the Stalin figure is a ‘ good ’ one ” ( Žižek 2002b : 316 ) .
With a phrase – and a bad analogy – he sweeps away the pain and suffering of the millions who suffered under that terror .
žižek ’s analysis of Stalinism is in fact not really an analysis at all , but a series of comments .
The centrepiece of the section is a long discussion of playwright Bertolt Brecht ’s attitude towards the Stalinist states of Eastern Europe .
Apparently , when Russian tanks moved into Berlin in 1953 to crush a workers ’ uprising , Brecht celebrated .
Apparently he “ was tempted for the first time in his life to join the Communist Party – is this not an outstanding case of what Alain Badiou has called la passion du réel which defines the twentieth century ?
It was not that Brecht tolerated the cruelty of the struggle in the hope that it would bring a prosperous future : the harshness of the violence as such was perceived and endorsed as a sign of authenticity ” ( Žižek 2002b : 194 ) .
Does žižek endorse this “ passion for the real ” ?
Does he agree that violent repression from the Russian occupiers gives this intervention a “ sign of authenticity ” as something we should endorse ?
žižek does n’t say .
His analysis wanders along , making this or that random observation – but leaving open the conclusion that Brecht was right .
Mostly he seems enthralled by violence as a gesture that is at times radical in itself – whether it be the self - beating in Fight Club , or the Russian tanks on the streets of Berlin in 1953 .
The obvious rebuttal to Brecht would be his contemporary George Lukács .
Like Brecht , Lukács accommodated himself to the Stalinist regimes in Eastern Europe .
Unlike Brecht , Lukács immediately welcomed the anti-Stalinist uprisings of the 1950s , supporting Imre Nagy ’s dissident government in 1956 .
But somehow , for žižek , this made Lukács :
the ultimate Stalinist .
In contrast to Lukács , Brecht was unbearable to the Stalinist cultural establishment because of his very ‘ over - orthodoxy ’ ...
If the young Lukács of History and Class Consciousness was the philosopher of Lenin ’s historical moment , after the 1930s he turned into the ideal Stalinist philosopher who , for that very reason , in contrast to Brecht , missed the true greatness of Stalinism ( Žižek 2002b : 196-7 ) .
Surely there are alternatives to this confusing argument .
Perhaps we should judge Brecht on his plays , and not on his overt political stances .
He was , after all , a playwright .
Perhaps we should do a little more research and capture the tortured ambiguity of Brecht ’s attitude towards Stalin , Stalinism and the 1953 workers ’ uprising against Stalinism .
Prior to 1953 , Brecht was no stranger to the horrors of Stalinism .
Writing of the repression in Moscow in the late 1930s , he said : “ Literature and art seem to be covered with shit , and political theory to be down and out .
What prevails is a thin , bloodless proletarian humanism ” ( cited in Hayman , 1983 : 218 ) .
On the events of 1953 , Klaus Völker ’s biography captures Brecht ’s tortured position very well .
June 17 – as the German workers ’ rising was spreading – he did pen a letter to key officials in the East German state as well as the Soviet High Commissioner , a letter which ended with the words : “ I feel the need at this moment to express to you my loyal allegiance to the Socialist Unity Party . ”
This line was published June 21 in the party newspaper Neues Deutschland , but out of context .
The letter as a whole was “ written as a request for talks with the workers to clarify the situation ” .
With the closing line published out of context , it “ could have been interpreted in the west as merely a statement approving the government ’s measures .
Brecht was annoyed by this somewhat inept ‘ censorship of his letter , because he wanted the public to regard him as an author with a mind of his own .
He had no wish to be confused ” with certain writers “ for whom everything the government did was automatically right ” ( Völker , 1979 : 356 ) .
In a new article , he explained , “ I hope that the workers , who demonstrated because of justifiable dissatisfaction , will not be put on a level with the provocateurs , so that the much needed talks on the mistakes made by all sides may not be obstructed at the outset ’ ” ( Völker , 1979 : 356 ) .
In the wake of the 1953 rebellions , Brecht , like thousands of others , was concerned with how to transcend Stalinism , and for Brecht , “ Stalinism can be liquidated only if the party mobilizes the wisdom of the masses on a gigantic scale ” ( cited in Völker , 1979 : 373 ) .
If in the immediate crisis of June 17 , 1953 , Brecht was ambivalent – with the passage of time he became less so .
“ A number of poems written at about this time reveal his state of mind .
Though not published during his lifetime , they appear in the authorized edition of his works .
One such is directed at the uprising of the 17th of June and the attitude of the officials towards it :
After the uprising of the 187th of June
The secretary of the Writers Union
Had leaflets distributed in the Stalinallee
In which one could read that the People
Had forfeited the confidence of the Government
Which it could only retrieve
By a redoubled effort .
Would it then not really be simpler
If the Government dissolved the people
And elected another ?
( Ewen , 1967 : 453-4 ) .
žižek knows this history – and he is harshly critical of Brecht ’s contradictions .
This poem , he argues , “ is not only political opportunistic , the obverse of his letter of solidarity with the East German Communist regime published in Neues Deutschland – to put it brutally , Brecht wanted to cover both flanks , to profess his support for the regime as well as to hint at his solidarity with the workers , so that whoever won , he would be on the winning side ” ( žižek 2005 c : 116-17 ) .
This is perhaps a correct analysis .
But which Brecht ?
žižek is trying to have his Brecht and not have him too .
In Revolution at the Gates he wants a Brecht who will underline the “ inner greatness of Stalinism ” , so he gives us one version .
But the Brecht he sketches in The Borrowed Kettle is a pathetic figure , someone who could not be used to show the inner greatness of anything .
This is typical žižek – shaping facts to suit his argument , not trying to develop an argument that can explain the facts .
Perhaps we need to take facts and history somewhat more seriously .
Perhaps both Brecht and Lukács were wrong to submit for so long to the Stalinist regimes in which they worked .
But perhaps they had little choice .
Perhaps they were individuals caught up in huge historical forces that neither they , nor any other individual could control , and lived with it as best they could .
Perhaps it would be best to try – as Trotsky and his heirs have done – to understand those forces through political economy and the examination of history , and not through the momentary acts and gestures – no matter how “ violent ” – of this or that individual .
But there is none of this in žižek .
He has offered us a series of disconnected observations on politics , culture and biography , given it a provocative pro-Stalinist title , and left his own position open - ended , with no sense of his own responsibility as an intellectual to help clarify matters for a new generation .
Andrew Robinson and Simon Tormey have helped in the archaeology necessary to an understanding of žižek ’s attitude towards both Lenin and Stalin .
They have dug through all of his key writings with a view to putting together a consistent picture of his views on this subject .
Anyone who wishes to pursue this task in detail should read their paper .
They point out his reverence for the departed Stalinist Eastern European regimes as “ liberated zones ” .
He does n’t see Stalin as the negation of Marxism , but “ as being the realiser of Marxism , however ‘ perverted ’ its realisation ” .
Their conclusion is harsh , but accurate .
žižek ’s Lenin , therefore , is not the ‘ Lenin ’ of the left , but the ‘ Lenin ’ of the right .
Just as conservative critics are interested in ‘ Lenin ’ insofar as he gave us Stalin , orthodox Communism , the Cold War and the gulag , so žižek is interested in a ‘ Lenin ’ of the Master , the Act , the carving of the field and the Good Terror .
žižek ’s Lenin is also the ‘ Lenin ’ that Stalin built : the ‘ cult of Lenin ’ Stalin used to legitimate his own agenda of the omnipotence of the Leader , widespread terror and power as an in-itself ...
In short , it is a Leninism for Stalinists ( Robinson and Tormey , 2003 : unpaginated ) .
It is almost a generation since the collapse of the European Stalinist state systems .
Today ’s new left has come out from the shadows of the Stalinist “ One Long Night ” .
However , this generation , like all before it , is reaching back to pick up the threads of anti-capitalist struggle from the past .
Many have rediscovered Marx .
Some are starting to rediscover Lenin .
But a casual reading of žižek ’s confusing analysis might lead some to try and rediscover Stalin .
It is the responsibility of the older generation to confront head - on the problems of the past , and in part this means honestly confronting the horror that was Stalinism – a horror that sullied the name of the left for three generations .
Yet žižek talks about Stalinism ’s “ inner greatness ” .
The very fact that žižek can without editorial comment publish such a headline in a book distributed by Verso , one of the world ’s leading left - wing publishers , is a sign of the fact that Stalinism remains an unresolved issue for today ’s left .
Conclusion : The other Lenin of 1917
One of the best systematic analyses of the political thought of Vladimir Lenin was written by Marcel Liebman more than 30 years ago .
In Leninism Under Lenin Liebman insists that context is everything .
It is important “ not to separate the doctrine from the historical setting in which it arose and developed .
An analysis of Leninism must be a history of Leninism in its living evolution , and no history of Leninism can be separated from the history of the Russian revolution ” ( Liebman 1975 : 21 ) . [ vi ]
By contrast , žižek ’s treatment of Lenin is completely decontextualised , as if history and economics did not matter .
And when he does briefly provide a context , he gets it completely wrong .
The Lenin he is reviving is the Lenin that is least relevant to contemporary conditions .
žižek ’s “ Leninism ” emerges by way of an Introduction and long Afterword to a series of articles written by Lenin that are widely accessible on the internet .
The point , then , is to highlight this Lenin , and to explain why this Lenin – the Lenin between the February revolution of 1917 , and the second revolution in October – is the most relevant to today ’s new left .
This is the Lenin of the decisive act , the Lenin who could see the possibility of a socialist revolution when the rest of the party leadership could not , the Lenin who broke from his own theory of the bourgeois character of the revolution to insist on the possibility of a workers ’ revolution , the Lenin who “ stood alone , struggling against the current in his own party ” , a Lenin who , against all his peers , said that the moment had arrived for “ the unique chance for a revolution ” ( Žižek 2002 b : 5 ) .
“ This is the Lenin ” , says žižek , from whom we still have something to learn .
The greatness of Lenin was that in this catastrophic situation , he was n’t afraid to succeed ...
In 1917 , instead of waiting until the time was ripe , Lenin organized a pre-emptive strike ” ( Žižek 2002 b : 6 ) .
We have something to learn from this because our context is similar .
He says “ today ’s Left is undergoing the shattering experience of the end of an entire epoch ... an experience which compels it to reinvent the very basic co-ordinates of its project . ”
He argues that “ it was an exactly homologous experience that gave birth to Leninism ” , the shock of betrayal when the major socialist parties supported World War in August , 1914 ( Žižek 2002 b : 3 ) .
Let us think this through .
The context of Lenin was , as žižek argues , world war .
But what žižek does not deal with is that the issue was not simply the ideological crisis of the socialist project , as the socialist leaders lined up to support their ruling classes .
The issue was the war itself and what it did to ordinary peoples ’ lives .
The major powers of Europe for four long years sent their young men to the trenches by the millions .
And for four long years , they came back by the millions dead , by the tens of millions mangled and wounded , leading to the radicalisation of hundreds of millions .
By the end of the war , three old empires lay in ruins – the Ottoman , Austro - Hungarian and Russian .
The state system of Europe was close to crumbling .
The kaiser in Germany was chased from his throne .
The tsar in Russia was swept away .
And then , in a magnificent awakening , mass democracy emerged from Russia to Hungary to Germany – mass workers ’ councils developing as the oppressed masses strained every sinew to try and recreate a new society from the ashes of the old .
( Gluckstein 1985 ) .
That is the context of the Lenin of 1917 – an era that Lenin called one of wars and revolutions .
Now step back for a moment .
We are told that we are living through “ an exactly homologous experience ” .
Homologous is a term that comes from science .
It refers to : “ A pair of chromosomes containing the same linear gene sequences ” ( National Institute of Standards and Technology n.d. ) , so this is a very strong comparison , not a weak one .
We are to believe that our epoch is one equivalent to Lenin ’s epoch of the 1914 World War and the 1917 millions - strong workers ’ revolutions , the end of empires , the collapse of tyrants , the spreading of workers ’ councils .
In that circumstance , we need a Lenin , someone prepared to act , someone prepared to challenge old orthodoxies , who is n’t “ afraid to succeed ” .
It is a wonderful fantasy .
That does not stop it being just that – a fantasy .
The European state system today is not collapsing .
That state system is defined by the European Union , which adds new nations every decade .
The United States empire might be in decline , but it is in no danger of the disintegration experienced by the Ottoman .
There are wars – many horrible barbaric wars – but since World War II , they have not been wars between the major imperialist powers , but predatory wars of the global North against the countries of the global South .
And unfortunately , we are not in an era of the mass expansion of workers ’ councils .
In fact , in many countries of the global North , unionisation levels are slowly declining and strike levels are at historic lows .
There are exceptions to this picture .
One empire in recent memory has disappeared – the Russian empire .
In the turmoil around its collapse , there was , perhaps , room for the kind of catastrophism implied by žižek .
But that moment has passed , and even the Russian state has reconsolidated .
We do not have workers ’ councils .
There is an emergence of some exciting forms of self - governance in Latin America , particularly in Venezuela , but these are exceptions to the general picture , not the norm .
Our world today is not “ homologous ” to the Russia of 1914 , nor the Russia of 1917 .
There is another Lenin from 1917 – one that does not figure into Revolution At The Gates .
The tumultuous year of 1917 was not in its entirety , a year where revolutionary breakthrough seemed imminent .
By May , the February wave was receding , the forces of reaction were gathering , and the great radicalisation that was to lead to the October uprising was not yet visible .
In that context , Lenin ’s perspectives were very modest :
[ O ] ur task is patiently to explain to the workers and peasants that everything – the end of the war , land for the peasants , and real struggle against the capitalists , not in words , but in deeds – will be secured only when the whole people comes to realize ... that only full power for the workers and peasants , only the power of the Soviets of Workers ’ , Peasants ’ and Soldiers ’
Deputies can help to start a resolute struggle for peace , for land and for socialism .
You cannot disregard the people .
Only dreamers and plotters believed that a minority could impose their will on a majority .
That was what the French revolutionary Blanqui thought , and he was wrong .
When the majority of the people refuse , because they do not yet understand , to take power into their own hands , the minority , however revolutionary and clever , cannot impose their desire on the majority of the people .
From this flow our actions .
We Bolsheviks must patiently and perseveringly explain our views to the workers and peasants .
Each of us must forget our old view of our work , each , without waiting for the arrival of an agitator , a propagandist , a more knowledgeable comrade who will explain everything – each of us must become all in one : agitator , propagandist and Party organizer ( Lenin 1977b : 431 ) .
This is not as exciting as the Lenin of the decisive act , the Lenin who is n’t “ afraid to succeed ” , the Lenin of the revolutionary gesture .
But it might just be a more useful Lenin for contemporary realities , than the Lenin offered us by žižek .
The context of an isolated left is very different from a left poised for a revolutionary breakthrough .
But žižek is not looking for historical context .
He is looking for the decisive act , the gesture against “ The Other ” , the violent confrontation with normality .
So he seizes on an aspect of the Lenin of 1917 to highlight the individual of the decisive act , prepared violently to confront a system rotten ripe for overthrow .
But is it really true that today ’s left ’s big weakness is the absence of an individual who is n’t “ afraid to succeed ” , who is willing to make the decisive gesture ? [ vii ]
Let us try on something more modest .
Let us try on the idea of a left that roots itself in the struggles that do exist for reform – against war , for better housing , for Palestinian rights , in defence of the Venezuelan Revolution , for women ’s rights .
Let us suggest that in that process we try to build organisations where there is wide room for debate , discussion and experimentation .
Let us suggest that we try not to create a superman capable of the decisive act , but rather modest organisations capable of democratic decision making and collective solidarity , ones that try “ patiently to explain ” the socialist project to the working people with whom they work in these struggles .
You wo n’t find anything of žižek in such a project .
But you might just find a bit of Lenin .
That Lenin is a Lenin who , in the tradition of Karl Marx , saw his socialism as being impossible without radical democracy .
This democracy leads to two inseparable political conclusions : that socialism itself must be structured around the deep democracy of the soviets ( workers ’ councils ) ; and that this is impossible without a politics “ rooted in the self - activity of the working class ” ( Jenkins , 2006 : 65 ) .
For žižek , the hope of revolution is to be found in a gesture of individual violence directed at “ The Other ” .
Better we stick with Lenin , for whom “ the only ‘ hope ’ of the revolution is the ‘ crowd ’ ” ( Lenin 1977 c : 184 ) .
In the words of Brecht , “ the bread of justice ” must “ be baked by the people ” ( Ewen , 1967 : 454 ) .
© 2008 Paul Kellogg
[ Paul Kellogg , based in Canada , is an assistant professor in the Department of International Development Studies at Trent University .
He is also affiliated with the Centres for Global and Social Analysis and State and Legal Studies at Athabasca University .
He has published articles in several journals , including Canadian Journal of Political Science , New Political Science , Labour / Le Travail , International Socialism , Praxis ( Brazil ) , Science & Society , Studies in Political Economy , Canadian Dimension and Contemporary Politics ( UK ) .
He is a founding member of Coalition Venezuela We Are With You / Coalición Venezuela Estamos Contigo and Toronto Bolivia Solidarity .
He maintains an occasional blog at www.polecon.net/.
Earlier versions of this research ( “ The only hope of the revolution is the crowd : The limits of žižek ’s Leninism ” ) were presented to the 2008 Conference of Historical Materialism , London , November 7 - 9 , 2008 , and published in International Journal of žižek Studies , 2:2 , 2008 .
Thanks to David Fennario , Ian Macdonald , John Riddell and those who participated in the discussion at the HM Conference .
I have incorporated some of these comments into this paper .
This article has been posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with the author ’s permission . ]
Click HERE for more on žižek .
References
Antonov- Ovseyenko , Anton ( 1981 ) The Time of Stalin , New York , Harper & Row .
Callinicos , Alex ( 1992 ) Revenge of History , Pennsylvania : Penn State University Press .
Ciliga , Anton ( 1979 ) The Russian Enigma , London , Ink Links .
Cliff , Tony ( 1974 ) State Capitalism in Russia , London : Pluto Press .
Available at http://www.marxists.org/archive/cliff/works/1955/statecap/index.htm.
Accessed April 2 , 2008 .
Davis , Horace B. ( 1976 ) “ The Right of National Self - Determination in Marxist Theory – Luxemburg vs. Lenin ” , in Davis , Horace B. ed. , The National Question : Selected Writings by Rosa Luxemburg , New York : Monthly Review Press : 9 - 48 .
Deutscher , Isaac ( 1949 ) Stalin : A Political Biography , London , Oxford University Press .
Diken , Bülent and Laustsen , Carsten Bagge ( 2001 ) “ Enjoy your fight !
– ‘ Fight Club ’ as a symptom of the Network Society ” , unpublished manuscript .
Available at http://www.lancs.ac.uk/fass/sociology/papers/diken-laustsen-enjoy-your-fight.pdf.
Accessed April 2 , 2008 .
Dunayevskaya , Raya ( 1946/47 )
“ The Nature of the Russian Economy ” , The New International , December 1946 / January 1947 .
Available at http://www.marxists.org/archive/dunayevskaya/works/1946/statecap.htm.
Accessed April 2 , 2008 .
Dunayevskaya , Raya ( 1991 )
“ From the ‘ National Question ’ and Imperialism to the Dialectics of Revolution ; the Relationship of Spontaneity and Consciousness to Organization in the Disputes with Lenin ” , in Dunayevskaya , Raya Women ’s Liberation , and Marx ’s Philosophy of Revolution , Second Edition , Chicago : University of Illinois Press : 51 - 66 .
Encylopedia of Marxism ( 2008 ) , “ Antonov - Ovseyenko , Vladimir ( 1884-1939 ) ” .
Available at http://www.marxists.org/glossary/people/a/n.htm.
Accessed April 8 , 2008 .
Ewen , Frederic ( 1967 ) Bertolt Brecht : His Life , His Art and His Times , New York , The Citadel Press .
Fennario , David ( 2008 ) , “ Brecht Source Notes ” , email correspondence , May 12 .
Fincher , David , directors ( 1999 ) Fight Club , Los Angeles , 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment .
Gluckstein , Donny ( 1985 ) The Western Soviets : Workers ’ Councils Versus Parliament 1915 - 1920 , London : Bookmarks .
Gretz , Michael ( 2002 ) “ Review : ‘ Revolution at the Gates , ’ ” Bad Subjects .
Available at http://bad.eserver.org/reviews/2002/2002-12-23-01.36PM.html.
Accessed April 2 , 2008 .
Hayman , Ronald ( 1983 ) Brecht : A Biography , London , Weidenfeld & Nicolson .
James , C.L.R. ( 1969 ) State Capitalism and World Revolution , Detroit , Facing Reality .
Excerpt available at http://www.marxists.org/archive/james-clr/works/1950/08/state-capitalism.htm.
Accessed April 8 , 2008 .
Jarvis , Charles ( 1999 ) “ Fight Club is Neo - Nazi Handbook ” , Boundless Webzine .
Available at http://www.boundless.org/2000/departments/atplay/a0000190.html.
Accessed April 2 , 2008 .
Jenkins , Gareth ( 2006 ) “ Marxism and terrorism ” , in International Socialism 110 : 61 - 84 .
Available at http://www.isj.org.uk/index.php4?id=182&issue=110.
Accessed April 2 , 2008 .
Joffe , Maria ( 1978 ) One Long Night , London : New Park Publications .
Lewin , Moshe ( 1973 ) Lenin ’s Last Struggle , London : Pluto Press : 43 -65 .
Lenin , Vladimir ( 1977a ) Left - Wing ” Communism – An Infantile Disorder in Lenin , Collected Works Volume 31 , Moscow : Progress Publishers : 17-117 .
Available at http://www.marxists.org/archive/lenin/works/1920/lwc/.
Accessed April 2 , 2008 .
Lenin , Vladimir ( 1977 b )
“ Report on the Results of the Seventh ( April ) All - Russia Conference of the R.S.D.L.P. ( B. ) At a Meeting of the Petrograd Organisation ” , in Lenin , Collected Works , Volume 41 , Moscow : Progress Publishers .
Available at http://www.marxists.org/archive/lenin/works/1917/may/08.htm.
Accessed April 2 , 2008 .
Lenin , Vladimir ( 1977 c ) “ Revolutionary Adventurism ” , in Lenin , Collected Works , Volume 6 , Moscow : Progress Publishers .
Available at http://www.marxists.org/archive/lenin/works/1902/sep/01.htm.
Accessed April 2 , 2008 .
Lenin , Vladimir ( 1977d )
“ The Democratic Tasks of the Revolutionary Proletariat ” , in Lenin , V.I. Collected Works , Volume 8 , Moscow : Progress Publishers .
Available at http://www.marxists.org/archive/lenin/works/1905/jun/17b.htm.
Accessed April 2 , 2008 .
Lenin , Vladimir ( 1980 ) The State and Revolution in Lenin , Collected Works , Volume 25 , Moscow : Progress Publishers .
Available at http://www.marxists.org/archive/lenin/works/1917/staterev/.
Accessed April 2 , 2008 .
Lenin , Vladimir ( 1987 )
“ Theses and Report on Bourgeois Democracy and the Dictatorship of the Proletariat ” , in John Riddell , ed. , The Communist International in Lenin ’s Time : Founding the Communist International – Proceedings and Documents of the First Congress : March 1919 , New York : Pathfinder .
Available at http://www.marxists.org/archive/lenin/works/1919/mar/comintern.htm.
Accessed April 2 , 2008 .
Lenin , Vladimir and Trotsky , Leon ( 1975 ) Lenin ’s Fight Against Stalinism , New York : Pathfinder Press .
Liebman , Marcel ( 1970 ) , London , Jonathan Cape .
Lih , Lars T. ( 2006 ) Lenin Rediscovered : What Is to Be Done ? in Context , Boston , Brill .
Melancon , Michael ( 1988 )
“ Who Wrote What and When ? : Proclamations of the February Revolution in Petrograd , 23 February – 1 March 1917 ” , Soviet Studies , 40 3 : 479-500
National Institute of Standards and Technology ( n.d. ) “ Glossary of Commonly Used Terms ” .
Available at http://www.cstl.nist.gov/biotech/strbase/glossary.htm.
Accessed April 2 , 2008 .
Portis , Larry ( 1980 ) Georges Sorel , London : Pluto Press .
Rasmussen , Eric Dean ( 2004 ) “ Liberation Hurts : An Interview with Slavoj žižek ” , Electronic Book Review .
Available at http://www.electronicbookreview.com/thread/endconstruction/desublimation.
Accessed April 2 , 2008 .
Riddell , John ( 2008 ) “ Marginal notes to Kellogg , ‘ The only hope of revolution is the crowd ’ ” , April 17 .
Robinson Andrew and Tormey , Simon ( 2003 ) “ What is Not to be Done !
Everything you wanted to know about Lenin , and ( sadly ) were n’t afraid to ask žižek ” , unpublished manuscript .
Available at http://web.archive.org/web/20061207054738/http://homepage.ntlworld.com/simon.tormey/articles/Zizeklenin.pdf.
Accessed April 2 , 2008 .
Serge , Victor ( 1984 ) Memoirs of a Revolutionary , New York , Writers and Readers Publishing
Shils , Edward Albert ( 1971 ) “ Georges Sorel : Introduction to the American Edition ” , in Sorel , Reflections On Violence , New York : Collier Books .
Shooter Helen ( 1999 ) “ Right wing jab ” , Socialist Worker online 1674 .
Available at http://www.socialistworker.co.uk/art.php?id=1748.
Accessed April 2 , 2008 .
Souvarine , Boris ( 1939 ) A Critical Survey of Bolshevism , trans .
C.L.R. James , New York , Alliance Book Corporation .
Trotsky , Leon ( 1967a ) History of The Russian Revolution , London , Sphere Books .
Available at http://www.marxists.org/archive/trotsky/1930/hrr/index.htm.
Accessed April 8 , 2008 .
Trotsky , Leon ( 1967 b ) Stalin : An Appraisal of the Man and His Influence , New York , Stein and Day .
Excerpt available at http://www.marxists.org/archive/trotsky/1940/xx/russia.htm.
Accessed April 8 , 2008 .
Trotsky , Leon ( 1971 ) 1905 , New York : Random House .
Available at http://www.marxists.org/archive/trotsky/1907/1905/ch07.htm.
Accessed April 2 , 2008 .
Trotsky , Leon ( 1972 ) The Revolution Betrayed : What is the Soviet Union and Where is it Going ? , New York , Pathfinder Press .
Available at http://www.marxists.org/archive/trotsky/1936/revbet/index.htm.
Accessed April 8 , 2008 .
Trotsky , Leon ( 1978 ) “ Stalinism and Bolshevism : Concerning the Historical and Theoretical Roots of the Fourth International ” , in Trotsky , Writings of Leon Trotsky [ 1936 - 37 ] , New York : Pathfinder Press .
Available at http://www.marxists.org/archive/trotsky/1937/08/stalinism.htm.
Accessed April 2 , 2008 .
Völker , Klaus ( 1979 ) .
Brecht : A Biography , Boston , Marion Boyars .
Wink , Walter ( 1999 ) .
The Powers That Be : Theology for a New Milennium , New York , Doubleday .
žižek , Slavoj ( 1999 ) The Ticklish Subject , London , Verso .
žižek , Slavoj ( 2002a ) “ A Plea for Leninist Intolerance ” , Critical Inquiry 28 2 : 542-566 .
Available at http://www.jstor.org/stable/1344281.
žižek , Slavoj ( 2002 b ) Revolution At The Gates : A Selection of Writings from February to October 1917 , New York : Verso .
žižek , S. ( 2004 ) “ What Is To Be Done ( With Lenin ) ? ” In These Times , 28 6 .
Available at http://www.inthesetimes.com/article/135/what_is_to_be_done_with_lenin/.
Accessed April 2 , 2008 .
žižek , Slavoj ( 2005a ) “ Against Human Rights ” , New Left Review 34 : 115-131 .
žižek , Slavoj ( 2005 b ) “ The Two Totalitarianism ” , London Review of Books March 17 .
Available at http://www.lrb.co.uk/v27/n06/zize01_.html.
žižek , Slavoj ( 2005 c ) The Borrowed Kettle , London : Verso .
Notes
[ iii ]
For Trotsky ’s account of the three approaches to visualising the coming revolution – exemplified by Plekhanov , Lenin and himself ( Trotsky ) – see Trotsky ( 1967b : 422-34 ) .
[ iv ]
The story of the Mezhrayontsi / Mezhrayonka has yet to be written , lost in the enormity of the events that were to engulf the Russian people after 1917 .
For a sense of their role in preparing those events , see Melancon ( 1988 ) .
[ v ]
The modern position on ultraleftism was first developed by Lenin in “ Left - Wing ” Communism – An Infantile Disorder ( Lenin 1977a ) .
[ vi ]
The ideas in this section are developed in considerably more detail in Paul Kellogg , “ Leninism – It ’s Not What You Think , ” Socialist Studies , Autumn , 2009 ( also available at http://links.org.au/node/1407).
From the department of really , really unintended consequences : public service announcements designed to shame binge drinkers could actually increase instances of binge drinking .
A study from Northwestern University 's Kellogg School of Management found that when PSAs try to shame their audience , it can have one of two effects .
Either the intended viewer ignores the ad in a defensive posture , or he feels so guilty about his bad habits that he ... well , drowns the guilt in booze .
Here 's the money quote from Advertising Age :
" If you 're talking to a student about cheating on an exam , and one of these ads comes up , you can bet they are headed straight to the bar , " said Ms. Agrawal , who conducted the study along with her Indiana University colleague , Adam Duhacheck .
The researchers suggest that the PSA authors use positive messages rather than traffic in guilt , which my mom will tell you violates more than five millennia of tried and true Jewish mothering .
In any case , the advertisements previewed in the AdAge article just are n't very compelling : a woman bent over a toilet beneath the ironic banner , " Best night of my life " ; a woman slumped on the bathroom floor above the message , " This is n't what they meant by ' on - campus accommodation . ' "
Um , what ?
Not long ago , people who wanted to generate their own green energy at home had to content themselves with rooftop solar panels .
But new technologies -- and hefty government subsidies -- are now allowing homeowners to tap the wind , the Earth and other renewable sources in their own backyards .
Call it the green evolution .
The cost of heating and cooling with fossil fuels has nowhere to go but up , thanks to rising global demand and increased regulation of carbon emissions .
Turning one ’s home into a clean mini - power plant is getting cheaper and easier all the time .
Here ’s a look at three technologies that some California residents are using now to cut utility costs while turning their homes into truly green houses .
Small wind
Californians driving along gusty interstates near such places as Palm Springs are accustomed to seeing commercial wind farms , where turbines as tall as buildings spin lazily against a blue sky .
These days , a modest but growing number of people are using a downsized version of that technology inside their own fence lines .
Roughly 10,500 small turbines were sold to homes , farms and businesses nationwide in 2008 , according to the American Wind Energy Assn .
Though 2009 figures are n’t yet available , demand last year remained strong despite the recession , said Elizabeth Salerno , the association ’s director of data and analysis .
A survey of small - turbine manufacturers has projected a thirtyfold increase in the U.S. market by 2013 .
Locally , some of the growth comes from companies eager to lower their electricity costs .
In Palmdale , for instance , city officials are allowing businesses to install wind turbines up to 60 feet high .
Among them is Wal - Mart Stores Inc. , which has a 17 - turbine project planned for its Sam ’s Club store in Palmdale .
But interest is also surging among people such as Ernest Ramirez .
He and his wife live in Oak Hills , an unincorporated , blustery section of western San Bernardino County dotted with spacious homes on multi-acre lots .
The couple were n’t looking to install a wind turbine .
Their 3,250 - square - foot home , which they purchased in 2003 , just happened to come with one .
Ramirez can’t imagine life without it now .
Perched on a slender tower about 80 feet high , the 10 - kilowatt turbine has three 10 - foot - long blades that whip often enough to keep his power bills from Southern California Edison at about $ 100 a month -- roughly a quarter of what he calculates he ’d fork out otherwise .
Gusts are so fierce in this part of the Cajon Pass that they have been known to snap trees and jackknife semi-trucks .
But Ramirez welcomes a bad hair day .
“ When I get out of my car and it ’s blowing 35 mph and I have to stay inside the house , at least I know I ’m saving money , ” said the 46 - year - old grant writer .
“ Wind is such a precious resource . ”
Ramirez said he could count seven neighbors with their own wind turbines .
Still , what works in windblown , rural San Bernardino County wo n’t necessarily fit everywhere .
For a turbine to make economic sense , the AWEA said , a homeowner considering one should live in an area where 10 - mph winds are frequent and be paying at least 10 cents a kilowatt - hour for electricity .
Permitting is also a challenge in many communities ; some neighbors consider the spinning contraptions ugly .
The technology certainly is n’t cheap , running about $ 3,000 to $ 6,000 per kilowatt installed , or about $ 40,000 for a system large enough to power a typical home , according to the AWEA .
Subsidies are helping to soften some of that sticker shock .
Homeowners can get a hefty rebate from the state of California -- up to $ 12,500 .
They ’re also eligible for a 30 % investment tax credit from the federal government .
Geothermal
Solar panels and wind turbines are the rock stars of the renewable - energy world .
But one of the most reliable performers is right under our feet .
Geothermal heat pumps harness the Earth ’s constant , natural heat to warm and cool a home , regardless of whether the sun is shining or the wind is blowing .
Around since at least World War II , the technology consumes 25 % to 50 % less electricity than conventional systems , according to the U.S. Energy Department .
These devices gather ground heat through buried pipes that form a loop .
During winter , an antifreeze - type fluid circulates through the loop , grabs heat from the soil and transfers it to the home , where it is circulated by a fan through the ductwork or vents .
In summer , the process is reversed :
The pump draws heat from the home ’s interior and dumps it back into the Earth .
Geothermal heat pumps are cousins of regular heat pumps , which extract heat from the outside air .
The difference is that geothermal is more efficient because soil temperatures , even just a few feet underground , remain fairly stable year - round .
Geothermal systems also have few moving parts , so they ’re quiet and durable .
They can be adapted to provide a home ’s hot water .
Dennis Bushnell , a NASA scientist who studies renewable fuels , said that thousands of homeowners in the eastern U.S. already rely on geothermal heat pumps .
People who live in warmer Sun Belt states could especially benefit from them , he said , because the loop works best when the soil temperature stays above 30 degrees .
The equipment is “ not exotic at all , ” Bushnell said .
“ You can go on the Web and buy one today . ”
Now for the bad news :
Upfront costs are hefty , sometimes twice as much as conventional heating and cooling units .
But some satisfied customers say the quick payback time and minimal maintenance expenses make it worthwhile .
Among them is John Sergneri .
California ’s electricity crisis motivated him to install a geothermal heat pump on his 1,280 - square - foot tract home in Petaluma .
It cost $ 40,000 , about $ 15,000 more than a traditional system .
But it has slashed his utility bills dramatically .
Sergneri , an information technologist , plans eventually to install solar panels to further trim his power costs , because the ground pump and associated machinery , like many renewable systems , require some electricity to operate .
It ’s all part of what he terms a low - cost , eco-friendly “ retirement plan . ”
Sergneri , 58 , jokes that it will yield a better return than his battered 401( k ) .
“ My goal is to be as independent as possible , ” he said .
“ I ’ve always dreamed of getting as far from the grid as possible . ”
Though California is n’t offering rebates for ground heat pumps , a 30 % federal tax credit is available .
Solar hot water
California leads the nation in using photovoltaic panels to generate clean electricity .
A cheaper and more practical way to harness the sun ’s energy is for heating water .
Solar water heaters typically require just a few small rooftop panels ; they work even in chilly Northern climates .
Yet the technology is little used in California , despite its abundant sunshine .
Officials are hoping to change that with subsidies to coax consumers to swap their old energy - sucking water heaters for efficient solar - power systems .
Last month the California Public Utilities Commission approved a $ 350 - million rebate program .
Californians can get as much as $ 1,875 for swapping out their natural gas units and $ 1,250 for ditching their electrically heated tanks .
The rebates phase out at the end of 2017 , or when the ratepayer - subsidized funds dry up , whichever comes first .
The subsidies are aimed at customers of the state ’s large investor - owned utilities : Southern California Edison , Southern California Gas Co. , Pacific Gas & Electric and San Diego Gas & Electric .
Some municipal utilities offer their own incentives , so check your provider ’s website .
Buyers can also qualify for a 30 % renewable - energy tax credit from Uncle Sam .
All told , that could amount to as much as a 55 % subsidy for equipment that normally costs $ 6,000 to $ 8,000 , depending on a home ’s size and energy use .
Heating water represents the third - largest energy expense for most households , according to the Energy Department .
If California ’s solar water heater initiative succeeds , it could help reduce the need to build power plants and reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
Such systems are popular in Israel , China , Spain and other countries .
Beginning this year , Hawaii is mandating that all new homes be equipped with them .
“ Solar water heaters are the low - hanging fruit , ” said Katrina Phruksukarn , solar water heating program manager with the California Center for Sustainable Energy .
“ They may not be as cheap as putting in a high - efficiency light bulb , but they ’re about as cost - effective as you ’re going to get . ”
Technologies vary by manufacturer .
One common arrangement involves a storage tank linked to a rooftop solar array , which converts the sun ’s rays into electricity that heats the water .
Backup gas or electrical heating kicks in if the temperature falls below a certain threshold .
Steve Glenn , whose company , LivingHomes , designs eco-friendly modular dwellings , has a system in his home that employs solar tubes filled with special oil .
When sun rays strike the tubes , they produce steam that rises and transfers some of its heat to water , which is stored in an ordinary - looking 60 - gallon tank .
The water is then delivered to showers and sinks .
Heat radiating from the system ’s piping also keeps the floors toasty .
Glenn said the solar water heater , photovoltaic panels and other energy - miserly features in his Santa Monica home have reduced his electric bill to the cost of a nice lunch : about $ 15 to $ 20 a month .
“ I do n’t have to even think about it , ” Glenn , 45 , said .
“ The hot water feels like hot water .
I ’m not aware its it ’s sun-baked and not natural - gas - baked . ”
business@latimes.com
Keeley Hazell becomes hot number for British troops in Afghanistan 2010-02-25 10:42 BJT
Keeley Hazell
The envoy discovered the deception on lifting the woman 's veil to kiss her
An Arab country 's ambassador to Dubai has had his marriage contract annulled after discovering the bride was cross-eyed and had facial hair .
The woman had worn an Islamic veil , known as the niqab , on the few occasions the couple had met .
The envoy , who has not been identified , told a Sharia court her mother had tricked him by showing him pictures of the bride 's sister , Gulf News reported .
He only discovered the deception when he lifted the woman 's veil to kiss her .
The court had annulled the marriage contract but rejected a $ 130,000 ( £ 83,000 ) compensation claim for gifts he had bought his intended , the report said .
Online Games for Boys at BGames At BGames , we offer an amazing collection of free online games geared specifically toward boys .
Check out amazing new content every day and play awesome MMO Fantasy and War games , car and monster truck races , and first - person shooter adventures .
Register for free to play immersive MMORPGs with realistic 3D graphics and thrilling PvP and PvE battles , become a general and direct your tanks and warships in historic war re-enactments , or play around with goofy ragdoll stickmen in a collection of hilarious skill games .
You can find it all on our website , available instantly in your browser window , no downloads required !
Browse the Best Free Online Games for Kids
Whatever your favorite game category , you can find it at BGames .
At the top of our web page , you can scroll through the latest additions to the site , or scroll down to view highlighted games ranked the most popular with our player community .
Find out what other people are playing and join the fun !
Along the top , you can see a quick overview of our most popular game categories so that you can find exactly the type of entertainment you ’re looking for .
Car games , shooting , racing , strategy , or multiplayer games ... you name it , we have it !
Tap the green arrow to view our complete game category catalogue , or use the search bar if you ’re looking for something specific .
Just finished a game you loved ?
Scroll down and check the related recommendations shown below to discover your next big adventure or go - to gaming fix !
Free Online Games to Play Now , with No Downloads
When you play games at BGames , you wo n’t have to download any files to your laptop , PC , or mobile devices .
Our games can be played directly in your browser window .
For the more expansive MMO and Social Games in our collection , you can register for free and create your own in - game account , or sign in directly via social media and connect with your friends .
Again , without any file downloads .
Secure and easy .
At BGames we ’re all about creating a user - friendly and safe gaming environment for children and teens .
Enjoy all the amazing online game - play and gaming content you want , completely for free !
A savage article in the Times today by Ben Webster about the UEA submission to the UK Parliamentary Inquiry – the letter in which they tried to “ trick ” the Committee about the contents of the letter from the Information Commissioner .
( A “ trick ” , according to Gavin Schmidt and the Penn State Inquiry , is a “ good way ” to solve a problem . )
The article – worth reading in full – re-caps correspondence discussed in yesterday ’s post on the topic .
The UEA has now posted up all its correspondence .
Webster provides an interesting new statement from Dr Evan Harris , Liberal Democrat member of the Science and Technology Committee :
“ It seems unwise , at best , for the University of East Anglia to attempt to portray a letter from the Information Commissioner ’s Office in a good light , in evidence to the select committee , because it is inevitable that the Committee will find that letter , and notice any discrepancy .
“ It would be a wiser course for the university not to provide any suspicion that they might be seeking to enable the wrong impression to be gained . ”
Yup .
44 percent of all Americans said they would vote to reelect the president in two and a half years , less than the slight majority who said they would prefer to elect someone else .
Obama faces a 44 - 52 deficit among both all Americans and registered voters , according to a CNN / Opinion Research poll released Tuesday .
Four percent had no opinion .
ADVERTISEMENT
The reelection numbers are slightly more sour than Obama 's approval ratings , which are basically tied .
49 percent of people told CNN that they approve of the way Obama is handling his job , while 50 percent disapprove .
Still , the 2012 election is still a long way 's away , with this fall 's midterm elections looming large .
Republicans are hoping to make inroads into Congress , while Democrats are hoping to hold onto gains won in the 2006 and 2008 cycles .
Respondents to CNN were split at 46 percent as to whether they preferred a generic Republican or Democratic candidate in this fall 's elections .
At least one retiring lawmaker is confident Obama will sail to reelection , with Sen. Chris Dodd ( D - Conn . ) predicting Monday the president would win " overwhelmingly " in 2012 .
The CNN poll , conducted Feb. 12 - 15 , has a three percent margin of error .
GERMAN CHANCELLOR
Angela Merkel ’s Christian Democrats ( CDU ) have been heavily criticised ahead of a crucial state election for selling political donors access to important party figures .
Mr Hendrick Wüst , CDU party secretary in North - Rhine Westphalia ( NRW ) resigned yesterday after he offered would - be donors a € 20,000 “ partner package ” that included talks with state premier Jürgen Rüttgers during an upcoming party conference .
For € 14,000 , donors could have a picture taken with Mr Rüttgers and his cabinet while for € 6,000 a general meeting with the politicians would be arranged .
“ The North Rhine - Westphalia CDU offers you the opportunity to present your company at our state party conference and to enter into a dialogue with politicians and the media , ” wrote the CDU in a letter to potential sponsors .
The allegations are damaging for the CDU ahead of the election as it fights to retain power in Germany ’s most popular state .
The NRW election holds the balance of power for Dr Merkel ’s CDU in the upper house , the Bundesrat , representing Germany ’s 16 federal states .
If the CDU is ousted from power in NRW , Dr Merkel ’s Berlin government loses its ability to push through policy into law .
Mr Rüttgers distanced himself from the letters , saying he was not aware of the policy .
“ No such bilateral conversations for money have ever taken place , ” said Mr Rüttgers .
“ The hundreds of meetings I have with people every week free of charge should tell you that the accusations are nonsense . ”
But opposition leaders have questioned this , saying a similar policy existed before the 2006 poll .
Then , the asking price for a meeting with Mr Rüttgers , then opposition leader , was € 14,000 .
“ This is a real scandal , ” said Mr Michael Groschek , general secretary of the opposition Social Democrats .
“ You can actually rent Jürgen Rüttgers if you ’ve got the cash . ”
Authored by members of the Cambridge Programming Research Group in the Computer Lab at the University of Cambridge , this blog contains posts related to the research of the CPRG and relevant research from elsewhere .
Mucous membranes secrete mucus .
“ Mucus ” is the noun and “ mucous ” is the adjective .
It ’s not only snotty biologists who insist on distinguishing between these two words .
Back to list of errors
BUY THE BOOK !
Never underestimate the power of a trending hash tag on Twitter .
# NoStateofUnionFeb2 has done its work well , because the president 's State of the Union address will not be preempting the season - six premiere of Lost after all .
White House press secretary Robert Gibbs has announced today that while the annual speech has not been officially scheduled , the big to - do will definitely not land on Tuesday , Feb. 2 , as was previously feared .
And while the White House did n't admit that public pressure from Lost fans did the trick , there was some talk that the Dharma Initiative was involved ...
Je ne me réveille pas en voulant faire le ménage , mais j’aime avoir une maison propre et je me sens tellement mieux quand les choses sont en ordre et qu’il y a de l’ordre dans la maison .
Quand je ne veux pas nettoyer , j’essaie de recadrer ma motivation et de penser à quel point je …
Krauthammer offers a snippet from a New York Times columnist saying that people are " suspicious of complexity , " an unnamed Time Magazine blogger who said we 're " a nation of dodos , " and a nine - year - old New York Times obituary in which a philosopher is credited with offering a " philosophical justification " for conservative ideas .
The condescension , I guess , is in the notion that conservative ideas need a philosophical justification .
Alexander 's examples of condescension are mostly more like simple disagreement .
He says that liberals " disregard the policy demands " of conservatives .
Poor babies .
If believing that you are right and that people who disagree with you are wrong amounts to condescension , then we are all condescending .
Of course , on any given issue , liberals tend to think that they are right .
So do conservatives .
It 's a free country , and people can believe whatever they want .
If evidence or reason persuades them that some opinion they hold is wrong , they are free to change it .
So at any given moment , we all believe that our own beliefs are correct and anyone who disagrees with us has some explaining to do .
Furthermore , if I believe that evidence and reason support my own views , then I also must believe that they do not support the views of those who disagree with me .
So the question naturally arises : how can someone hold a different view than mine on any given issue ?
Maybe he or she is right and I am wrong -- an unhappy possibility that neither liberals nor conservatives keep excessively in mind .
But there is no evidence or reason to suppose that liberals are more oblivious to evidence or argument challenging their opinions than conservatives .
When was the last time the Wall Street Journal editorial page admitted to doubts about the value of tax cuts ?
Even if I decide that my current views are wrong , I will change them , and the question of how anyone can disagree with me arises once again .
Three possible answers are that they are misinformed , they are thinking poorly , or they are blinded by self - interest .
Or , to put it crudely , they are ignorant , stupid or selfish .
There is no evidence that liberals put it that crudely more often than conservatives .
In any event , the basic point remains : it is silly to accuse people of arrogance for believing that they are right and that people who disagree with them are wrong .
If nothing else , give Weisberg points for guts .
It requires no courage to tell Americans that they have " bedrock common sense " -- some mystical wisdom that is the gloppiest part of the old theory of American exceptionalism .
There is no reason to believe that Americans are wiser , on average , than the citizens of other nations .
Weisberg , in fact , makes a good case that the opposite is true .
Americans make incompatible demands on the government ( cut my taxes , but do n't touch my favorite programs ) , demand change then recoil in horror when they get it , are gulled by transparent absurdities .
by Sunny Hundal
An actual defacement
Posted on Virtual Economics
— — — —
–
From My David Cameron
— — — —
–
From My David Cameron
— — — —
–
From Go Fourth
— — — —
–
By Beau Bo D’Or
— — — —
–
By Beau Bo D’Or
— — — —
–
By Beau Bo D’Or
— — — —
–
And there ’s another one at Frank Owen ’s Paintbrush
— — — —
–
Use the My David Cameron website to create your own
Or maybe you are feeling the chill wind of social opprobrium .
When researchers at the University of Toronto instructed a group of 65 students to remember a time when they had felt either socially accepted or socially snubbed , those who conjured up memories of a rejection judged the temperature of the room to be an average of five degrees colder than those who had been wrapped in warm and fuzzy thoughts of peer approval .
Image Credit ...
Serge Bloch
The body embodies abstractions the best way it knows how : physically .
What is moral turpitude , an ethical lapse , but a soiling of one ’s character ?
Time for the Lady Macbeth Handi Wipes .
One study showed that participants who were asked to dwell on a personal moral transgression like adultery or cheating on a test were more likely to request an antiseptic cloth afterward than were those who had been instructed to recall a good deed they had done .
When confronted with a double entendre , a verbal fork in the road , the body heeds Yogi Berra ’s advice , and takes it .
In a report published last August in Psychological Science , Dr. Jostmann and his colleagues Daniel Lakens and Thomas W. Schubert explored the degree to which the body conflates weight and importance .
They learned , for example , that when students were told that a particular book was vital to the curriculum , they judged the book to be physically heavier than those told the book was ancillary to their studies .
The researchers wanted to know whether the sensation of weightiness might influence people ’s judgments more broadly .
In a series of experiments , study participants were asked to answer questionnaires that were attached to a metal clipboard with a compartment on the back capable of holding papers .
In some cases the compartments were left empty , and so the clipboard weighed only 1.45 pounds .
In other cases the compartments were filled , for a total clipboard package of 2.29 pounds .
Participants stood with either a light or heavy clipboard cradled in their arm , filling out surveys .
In one , they were asked to estimate the value of six unfamiliar foreign currencies .
In another , students indicated how important they thought it was that a university committee take their opinions into account when deciding on the size of foreign study grants .
For a third experiment , participants were asked how satisfied they were with ( a ) the city of Amsterdam and ( b ) the mayor of Amsterdam .
From a quick glance would you remember these people again ?
By Pam Rutherford
Many of us struggle sometimes to put a name to a face , but what if you could recognise someone many years after seeing them for a moment ?
You know the woman crossing the street .
But where from ?
Ah , she was one of the volunteers staffing the polling station where you voted several years before .
You probably saw her for a couple of minutes .
Several years ago .
Sound like the kind of face you would place immediately ?
FIND OUT MORE Super Recognisers is on BBC Radio 4 on Monday 25 January from 2100 - 2130 GMT
Or you can listen again here
It is for Jennifer .
She is a " super recogniser " , someone with a significantly above average ability to place a face .
In fact , she can almost never forget a face .
She first noticed something might be unusual on holiday with her family when she spotted a very minor actor on a plane .
Her family were disbelieving but she was proved right .
But it really hit home at college that she was different from those around her .
" I 'd meet so many people in the first few weeks and I 'd remember everyone no matter how brief the encounter .
I 'd then meet them at a party and they would n't remember me .
I 'd think : ' That person is SO fake , I can't believe they 're pretending they do n't remember me when we met for 30 seconds in the cafeteria three weeks ago . ' "
Chance meeting
It does n't matter if years have lapsed since seeing them .
She describes seeing someone she saw a few times as child , on the subway , now over 20 years older with greying hair and dreadlocks and knowing exactly who she was .
" People can get older but their faces look the same to me , " says Jennifer .
" They do n't look different to me whether they 're children or adults .
I do n't know why my mind is able to make the leap . "
It sounds like a neat party trick , or perhaps something useful in business , but it may mean more than that to scientists .
Super recognisers can even spot blurred faces Jennifer 's ability may help scientists who are investigating people in the opposite position , those who suffer from the condition prosopagnosia , popularly known as face blindness .
Claire , a 49 - year - old mother of four , has the condition .
She contracted viral encephalitis in May 2004 and as well as severe memory loss she has struggled to recognise faces .
" I was discharged home to a family I could n't recognise , I had to believe they were my family .
I had to believe Ed was my husband and tell myself he was the man I loved and that the children were my children . "
Claire continues to have problems with faces .
She still can't pick out which are her children if they 're with their friends .
But she describes a recent triumph - picking out her husband Ed in a crowd .
Yet she still has to use different strategies to recognise friends and family .
Even her own reflection can catch her out if it takes her by surprise .
Challenging condition Learning to live with the condition and work around it takes effort , and life remains difficult for Claire .
" It 's not easy trying to re-find myself in what feels like someone else 's life and the more sociable I 'm becoming , the more challenging the prosopagnosia is .
We take all the knowledge and information you get from someone 's face for granted .
PROSOPAGNOSIA
Can be caused by brain injury or illness
But many have another variety from birth Brain scan research being done on those with condition
Take the test at faceblind .org " You do n't think about it how you 'd feel if all that information was whipped off you .
I would n't wish it on anybody '
It may not be the case that there are only three groups of face recognisers , those with prosopagnosia , those who are " normal " and then the super recognisers .
Instead , there may be a spectrum of face recognition , says Brad Duchaine , of the Institute for Cognitive Neuroscience and University College London 's prosopagnosia research centre .
People like Claire have acquired prosopagnosia from damage to the brain .
But there is another kind often less severe is called " developmental " prosopagnosia where someone has had the condition all their life .
And the condition is surprisingly common .
As many as one in 50 people will be prosopagnosic but often they wo n't know .
And at the other end of the spectrum scientists are beginning to study super recognisers , often establishing contact because of publicity about prosopagnosia .
They are just starting to understand the brains of the super recognisers by scanning their neural networks and working out what might be structurally or functionally different about their grey matter .
On standard tests of facial recognition , the super recognisers usually get full marks , but even if the faces are severely blurred they still get near to full marks , says recognition expert Prof Richard Russell , of Gettysburg College .
Chance encounters are remembered for years " One of the most exciting implications of this work is that while we assume we all see the same things , this work suggests that at least in terms of looking at faces we do n't see the same things .
" Super recognisers are looking at the world in a different way than other people and it could be that this is n't limited to looking at faces but other aspects of seeing the world .
And we think it 's going to be a very helpful tool in helping understanding of how the mind and the brain work . "
While not suffering difficulties , like those with prosopagnosia , the super recognisers sometimes still choose to modify their behaviour .
Jennifer admits lying when asked whether she has met people before .
Some would find it unsettling that someone remembers their face and name after a momentary encounter many years before .
Just walking around in the city can produce a tissue of recognition .
" It 's not necessarily every single person who 's walking by me in a rush of people on the street but if I notice someone then I will remember them .
" I really do n't have to have an important interaction with people . "
Significantly , even if the faces have changed considerably they are still recognisable .
And certain sectors of society should try to avoid the super recognisers .
" I do always tell people that I think I would be the perfect witness for a crime , " Jennifer says .
Below is a selection of your comments .
I wonder if the mechanism for super - recognition is similar to that of photographic memory or that of perfect pitch ( the ability to recall the exact pitch of a musical sound ) .
I have perfect pitch , and I too thought I was not unlike anybody else until I was a senior in high school .
According to Daniel Leviton 's book , This Is Your Brain On Music , only 1 in 40,000 people have perfect pitch .
Is there a similar statistic for super - recognizers ?
Tom Draughon , Ashland , Wisconsin , US I too have prosopagnosia and for me it is also associated with facial expressions ... and weirdest of all with hand gestures and textures .
It is an enormous relief to hear I am not alone .
I too thought everyone saw the way I do , until my mother slapped me for what she called " being cheeky " and " lying " after I recognised an apparent stranger I 'd seen in the local swimming pool ... 11 years ago , when I was aged four .
It confused me no end .
I have given up trying to remember faces AND hands : too time consuming .
Yet , it is not , for me , a question of remembering at all - more like instant recall .
Now , I 'm content to just see and forget - whatever that is .
Eustacia Vye , Invercargill , New Zealand I have heard that both Bill Clinton and George W Bush have the ability to meet a person once and recognize that person years later .
I wonder if the ability to recognize faces affects what careers people choose and the other way around .
Before I started teaching I was terrible with names and faces .
In a few short years I have become quite good at remembering a few hundred new names and faces .
Ben Merritt , Los Angeles I , too , have the facility to remember faces for years having seen someone only briefly .
It may be someone I have met or an actor appearing in a film from , say , the 40s and then seeing them again on TV now and being able to recognise them and recall the first instance .
As a child , I always thought everyone did this and only realised this was not so when I was 30 and being introduced to a relative I had seen only once before when I was 5 .
I correctly identified them before their name was given and it was the reaction of family that made me realise I was a little bit different with respect to recall .
As Jennifer does , I also pretend it does n't happen sometimes as some people can be a little uncomfortable with it .
My husband is at the other end of the scale .
He can meet someone today and fail to recognise them tomorrow .
He also has terrible trouble remembering names and putting names to faces .
I spend hours describing who is who for him .
Once he has met someone several times , it 's no problem , but frustrating until their face registers .
Christina , Parkstone I have had loss of facial recognition come upon me as part of migraine aura on a couple of occasions .
For the sufferer it is bewildering , especially when you know that you should know the people you are looking at and they look like strangers .
Kate McDonnell , Barnstaple , UK Last year at university , I had a teaching assistant from Switzerland who held a recitation class every Friday .
There were at least 40 people in the class , and he was able to look at our faces , say our names and mark us down as present on only the second meeting .
There were only two or three individuals he had trouble recalling .
It was unbelievable .
Adam , Rochester , NY , United States
Not faces , but I am the same with numbers and characters ... once someone tells me their telephone number or post code or if I see their registration number plate .
I seem to remember it instantly and then maybe years later I can recall the number .
It can be quite freaky for them when I suddenly come out with the info .
Mr C , Oxford I am also a super recogniser .
When I was a child I thought everyone had this same ability to recognise faces .
Eventually , I realised that this was not the case .
All through school , and part of the way through college , people considered me weird or creepy because of it .
Halfway through college I finally gave up and just started pretending that I did n't recognise faces anymore .
Some people can be extremely cruel if you are in any way different than what they believe to be " normal " .
Now , I just do n't pay any attention to faces .
I always look away whenever possible .
Lawrence , Saint Simons Island , US Personal experience suggests that I may have a mild form of recognition .
Having worked and lived in several countries , I have occasionally seen a face that is immediately recognized as " Jane Doe or Joe Blow " from back in the US - someone with whom I have had many interfacings .
I have wondered why and concluded that there must be only so many different combinations and permutations of the way a face can be put together .
And since my own experience seems to be biased in favor of " recognizing " women , I suppose there may be a hormonal stimulant somehow involved .
Richard E Hartman , Bandung , West Java
I am not gifted with this skill , but my husband Doug is astounding and absolutely never forgets a face .
He is a musician and will be speaking to someone at a show and say to them " You were at our show at ( so and so bar ) in Brooklyn " .
This conversation will take place two years later in some random location like Kentucky .
It is really odd .
I always wished that there was a way he could make a career of it .
Stacia , Los Angeles , CA , US I too , have the ability to super recognize .
It does get spooky sometimes , however , when you ask someone how they like their new hair style or if they still had a piece of jewellery that you saw the last time you saw them , and they , shocked and slightly creeped out , of course , admit that you have n't seen them for the greater part of a decade .
I 'm that way with a lot of things .
I just remember .
Still , as refreshing and usually entertaining a heightened memory can be , sometimes , I wish for the ability to forget .
Andrew Schmeisser , Ames , US I thought it was a bit strange that I always remembered peoples faces and them not recognise mine ! , and I too thought people were rude for not acknowledging an " Hello " I made to them when I might have last seen them for an " instant " several years ago .
I always seem to recall not only what they look like but also what they were wearing and what hairstyle they had last time we met .
I find it hard to explain - its like the image in front of me splits into two , on one side is a memory image of the last time I saw them and on the right side the actual person in front of me and it becomes a task of " spotting the difference " between the two .
If I am at an event and see a " face " I recognise I can't relax until I have worked out where and when I recognise them - which has been embarrassing on more than one occasion for either party .
I often used to say that I wished I could remember facts and figures in the same way that I remember faces .
Dorian Tompkins , Kettering I think it 's definitely a spectrum .
I 'm mildly prosopagnosic - not as badly as Claire , but I have to rely heavily on clues like hairstyle , and if someone 's hair changes dramatically or I 'm shown a photo of them with the hair hidden I often can't recognise them .
And if I meet someone in the street , out of context , I often have no idea who they are until they mention a name or other identifying detail .
Rachael , Cambridge , UK I 'm with Rachel : I have known for years that I 'd be a terrible witness for the prosecution .
In a line - up I could definitely eliminate many of the candidates , but about the remaining one or two I could only say " these could be the guy , it 's the right kind of face , but then so many other people have that kind of face too " .
Usually when a woman changes her hair colour or style I utterly fail to recognize her , unless I 've known her well for a year or more .
And several times I 've introduced myself to someone at church , only to be told " Yes , we met two weeks ago . "
On the other hand I make surprising connections .
Very often I notice upon being introduced to someone new that he looks much like so - and - so back in Pennsylvania , even if it 's not his whole face but just his eyes , or his smile , or his mannerisms or way of talking .
And I seem to recognize minor actors better than others , saying " oh , he was in such - and - such a movie that we saw five years ago ... " .
This sounds like the very opposite of prosopagnosia , but there it is .
I suppose that , too , is a clue to how we recognize faces .
Bob Bridges , US I am able to recognise people who I have met in the same way as Jennifer .
I recently surprised a lady to whom I said " you 're Jane H______ " and the last time we met was 41 years ago when were both six and swimming with our families at our school .
I 've done the same to a couple of opposition hockey players who I have n't seen for 30 + years when we were at school together .
Rob Austen , Bristol I had a stroke a few years ago and ever since , I recognise everybody .
It 's like deja vu in a way I suppose .
I hate walking around places that I know well , and keep my head down so that I do n't have to meet people 's eyes .
My stroke straddled the temporal lobe and the occipital lobe .
When I 've asked doctors about why I recognise everyone , they shrug their shoulders and say " We do n't know enough about how the brain works to give you an answer . "
Does n't help that I was only 29 when I had the stroke , ( I am 33 now ) .
Apparently , young people do n't have strokes , so there is n't a lot of help if you do .
Faye , Milton Keynes
It 's definitely a spectrum .
I would n't call myself a " super recogniser " , but I hardly ever forget a face .
It happens a lot with minor actors with bit parts in films and TV , sometimes years apart .
I also instantly place people I have n't seen since kindergarten .
To balance things out though , I 'm absolutely rubbish with people 's names when I first meet them .
You could literally say to me " Hi , my name is Mike .
What 's my name ? "
And you 'd be met with a blank stare .
Acho , Lagos , Nigeria
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In answering the question of Usability , " Can I use it ? " the sub - category of Page Load plays an instrumental part .
Twitter is one such excellent example of a web product with Poor Page Load Time .
A company can have the best product around , but if the pages are too sluggish , if the product suffers recurring outages , if the user - product interaction is varied and inconsistent , the product ’s overall Usability can , and does , suffer .
Quick - UX provides for the rapid , simple and quantifiable assessment of a product ’s User Experience ( UX ) .
Among the various components that define a product ’s Usability , as well as Quick - UX‘s , are Accessibility , Consistency , Recognition , Navigation , and Page Load Time .
In answering the question of Usability , " Can I use it ? " the sub - category of Page Load plays an instrumental role .
Page Load , often obfuscated or connected with other perceived causes of a product ’s dissatisfaction , ultimately , either positively or negatively , presents an unquestionable influence on a product ’s overall Usability .
Example : Poor Load Time ( value = 0.0 )
Twitter is fast becoming , and for some already is , an essential communication tool .
Yet , Twitter earns a Page Load Time variable value of 0 , due to its intermittent slow performance , but more so contributing to this value are the constant outages felt through the year , month after month .
If the page does n’t load , if requested action takes an interminable amount of time , if the likelihood of the next user action failing is constantly looming , the overall Usability of a product takes a terrible toll .
In 2009 , according to Pingdom , Twitter experienced a total of 20.82 hours of downtime .
Outages of Twitter were not isolated to merely the entire site being unavailable , but also consisted of sub-sections , or sub- features not working or resulting undesirable or unexpected behavior .
Contributing to the pervasive problem of Page Load Time is both the inaccessibility of the product as well as the inability of the users to obtain key information ( missing updates , etc ) and other bugs leading to incomplete or otherwise incorrect Page Loads .
A Quick Study
I quickly examined and compiled a list of incidents that affected the Page Load Time of the Twitter product , distinguishing between total downtime , and partial downtime and information inaccessibility , based upon the public posts on Twitters blog .
I did my best to not double count any problems , but it was difficult since many of the problems occur so frequently , and it is often difficult to distinguish , from these status blog posts alone , between a persisting problem being experienced or fixed , from that of a new emergence of a similar or same problem .
Furthermore , I also excluded the impact on Page Load Time arising from scheduled maintenance / downtime – periods of time over which the user expectation would be most aligned with the product ’s promise of Page Load Time .
Some of my notes regarding my review of Twitter ’s 2009 product Page Load Issues …
Dec 17 Site Outage DNS records compromised http://status.twitter.com/post/288586541/working-on-site-outage
Dec 14 sms service unavailable http://status.twitter.com/post/283934158/sms-service-temporarily-unavailable-we-are-working-on
Dec 8 unplanned downtime http://status.twitter.com/post/275824585/responding-to-unscheduled-downtime
Dec 7 unplanned downtime http://status.twitter.com/post/273515629/brief-downtime
Dec 6 high rate of failwhales
http://status.twitter.com/post/272315876/responding-to-whales
Nov 30 Unplanned downtime high error rate ; tmp disabled list feature http://status.twitter.com/post/263867698/responding-to-high-error-rate-lists-feature
Nov 23 elevated error rate http://status.twitter.com/post/254725789/fixing-elevated-error-rate-on-twitter-com
Nov 11 high number of errors
http://status.twitter.com/post/240542434/working-on-high-number-of-errors
Nov 6 elevated errors
http://status.twitter.com/post/235296654/were-looking-into-the-cause-of-elevated-errors-on-the
Oct 21 elevated error rate http://status.twitter.com/post/219264090/elevated-error-rate-being-worked-on
Oct 18 network connectivity problems
http://status.twitter.com/post/216351172/responding-to-network-connectivity-problems
Oct 13 account lockouts after username / pw change http://status.twitter.com/post/212318608/researching-username-password-change-problems
Oct 12 errors and inability to tweet http://status.twitter.com/post/211258987/responding-to-increased-errors-inability-to-tweet
Oct 7 Unplanned downtime http://status.twitter.com/post/207018761/recovering-from-unplanned-downtime
Sept 10 site slowness
http://status.twitter.com/post/185079863/working-through-site-slowness
Sept 9 secure connection failed issues http://status.twitter.com/post/183975122/secure-connection-failed-issues
August 24 unexpected service interruption http://status.twitter.com/post/170695014/we-are-responding-to-an-unexpected-service-interruption
August 16 Oauth and API problems
http://status.twitter.com/post/164410057/trouble-with-oauth-and-api-clients
August 15 unexpected downtime http://status.twitter.com/post/163603406/working-on-unexpected-downtime
August 11 Site outage http://status.twitter.com/post/160693237/responding-to-site-downtime
August 6 Site is down DOS attack http://status.twitter.com/post/157160617/site-is-down
http://status.twitter.com/post/157191978/ongoing-denial-of-service-attackhttp://status.twitter.com/post/157191978/ongoing-denial-of-service-attack
August 2 Search Down problem coming from migrating data centers
http://status.twitter.com/post/44516325/twitter-search-temporarily-down
July 10 site latency widespread http://status.twitter.com/post/139238308/working-on-site-latency
July 5 restoring accidentially suspended accounts
http://status.twitter.com/post/136164828/restoring-accidentally-suspended-accounts
June 15 Outage problem w/ maintenance by provider http://status.twitter.com/post/124145031/maintenance-window-tonight-9-45p-pacific
May 30 unscheduled downtime fatal software error http://status.twitter.com/post/115523264/unscheduled-downtime
May 28 unable to create new accounts captcha problem
http://status.twitter.com/post/114566780/unable-to-create-new-accounts
May 27 site latency
http://status.twitter.com/post/113959453/working-through-site-latency
May 27 Unplanned downtime http://status.twitter.com/post/113891094/recovering-from-unplanned-downtime
May 22 search down
http://status.twitter.com/post/111769727/search-temporarily-down
May 21 robot errors
http://status.twitter.com/post/111054487/fixing-robot-errors
May 20 user search unavailable http://status.twitter.com/post/110639419/user-search-temporarily-unavailable
May 14 unplanned downtime http://status.twitter.com/post/107824532/unplanned-downtime
May 8 latency issues resulting from a scheduled site maintenance http://status.twitter.com/post/105202075/back-from-site-maintenance-working-on-site-latency
Apr 28 elevated error rate fail whales http://status.twitter.com/post/101237008/fixing-the-elevated-error-rate
Apr 13 slow load times and high error rates
http://status.twitter.com/post/95787359/responding-to-slow-load-times-and-high-error-rates
Apr 9 high latency also fb not updating http://status.twitter.com/post/94536362/twitter-com-is-experiencing-high-latency-were-also
Apr 7 high site errors ; downtime / load issues http://status.twitter.com/post/93850673/update-on-delivery-delays-errors
Apr 6 maintenance ( no advance warning ) ; downtime http://status.twitter.com/post/93641925/one-hour-maintenance-starting-at-5-45p-pacific
Apr 6 errors ; downtime fail whales , robot pages ; missing tweets http://status.twitter.com/post/93501130/working-through-some-errors-this-morning
Apr 3 errors ; downtime fail whales , robot pages http://status.twitter.com/post/92659539/recovering-from-errors-this-morning
Mar 16 unplanned maintenance widespread slowness
http://status.twitter.com/post/87009894/unplanned-maintenance
Mar 4 problems logging in http://status.twitter.com/post/83602310/problems-logging-in
Mar 2 power failure degraded performance http://status.twitter.com/post/82874378/power-failure-this-morning
Feb 18 latency issues very long load times
http://status.twitter.com/post/79456053/working-on-site-latency-issues
Feb 14 downtime db problem
http://status.twitter.com/post/78228774/back-from-maintenance-mode
Feb 11
Site down db problem
http://status.twitter.com/post/77438630/site-back-up
Jan 20 site slow slow load times
http://status.twitter.com/post/71824634/slowness
Jan 16 downtime notified user of potential for more downtime http://status.twitter.com/post/70991844/twitter-downtime
Dec 17 timeline delays and missing tweets http://status.twitter.com/post/287676075/known-issues-timeline-delays-and-missing-tweets
Dec 10 problem posting tweets to FB problem resulting from FB latency issues http://status.twitter.com/post/277958642/not-all-tweets-from-facebook-app-being-posted-to
Nov 5 missing mentions
http://status.twitter.com/post/234412987/missing-some-mentions
Oct 28 no dmsg emails
http://status.twitter.com/post/226186595/not-receiving-emails-for-direct-messages
Oct 15 timelines 0.5h behind http://status.twitter.com/post/214053142/timelines-currently-30-minutes-behind
Oct 8 timeline delays bug http://status.twitter.com/post/207632462/timeline-delays-this-morning
Sept 16 missing tweets bug http://status.twitter.com/post/189862465/tweets-from-users-you-follow-may-be-missing-from-your
Sept 14 missing tweets for some http://status.twitter.com/post/187786359/missing-tweets-from-some-users
Sept 4 short delivery delays
http://status.twitter.com/post/179752377/working-on-short-delivery-delays
Sept 2 some tweets & followings delayed small subset ?
http://status.twitter.com/post/178076369/some-tweets-and-followings-delayed
August 12 timeline delays
http://status.twitter.com/post/161638570/working-on-timeline-delays
July 28 missing followers for new users
http://status.twitter.com/post/151217980/working-on-missing-followers-for-recently-joined-users
June 29 viewing other people followers / following disabled bug http://status.twitter.com/post/132761078/viewing-other-peoples-followers-and-followings
June 16 unable to find new users
http://status.twitter.com/post/124832153/working-to-get-new-users-into-find-people
June 12 search delay new tweets not being picked up by search http://status.twitter.com/post/122606485/search-delay
June 3 delayed followings resulting from spam attack http://status.twitter.com/post/117482837/delayed-followings
May 13 timeline delays hardware failure http://status.twitter.com/post/107561169/temporary-timeline-delays
May 4 search running behind search not processing real - time http://status.twitter.com/post/103533181/search-running-behind
Apr 22 data inconsistencies bug [ still being fixed on the 27th ]
http://status.twitter.com/post/99180872/tracking-down-data-inconsistencies
Apr 22 missing user images
http://status.twitter.com/post/98960090/missing-user-images
Apr 14 delayed search results
http://status.twitter.com/post/96196695/search-results-are-delayed-about-20-minutes
Apr 10 missing updates
http://status.twitter.com/post/94970050/were-working-to-resolve-an-issue-with-some-missing
Apr 6 missing avatars and dmsgs http://status.twitter.com/post/93589702/missing-user-icons-avatars-and-direct-messages
Apr 2 not finding self in people search bug http://status.twitter.com/post/92334992/not-finding-yourself-in-people-search
Mar 18 missing tweets db inconsistency , etc .
http://status.twitter.com/post/87625680/some-users-experiencing-missing-tweets
Mar 16 Delays on following and dmsgs http://status.twitter.com/post/86986973/some-delays-on-followings-direct-messages
Mar 12 missing updates & actions
http://status.twitter.com/post/86067236/some-missing-updates-actions
Mar 11 inconsistencies data inconsistencies ( msg , counts , other data )
http://status.twitter.com/post/85644965/update-on-inconsistencies
Mar 9 inbound sms delay
http://status.twitter.com/post/84921942/inbound-sms-delay
Feb 6 inconsistent follower / following counts
http://status.twitter.com/post/76219963/delays-in-posting-text-messages
Feb 6 txt msg posting delays problem w/ provider http://status.twitter.com/post/76219963/delays-in-posting-text-messages
Feb 2 Missing updates
http://status.twitter.com/post/75182201/missing-updates-were-bringing-them-back
Feb 2 missing self new users missing from search
http://status.twitter.com/post/75102341/unable-to-find-yourself
Jan 30 follower / following counts wrong due to replication lag http://status.twitter.com/post/74360199/were-looking-into-inconsistencies-with
Jan 19 slow search search fell behind realtime due to maintenance http://status.twitter.com/post/71697063/search-behind-realtime
Jan 8
Delivery delays tweets slow to appear in the timeline http://status.twitter.com/post/69184677/catching-back-up
Jan 6
Delivery delays tweets slow to appear in the timeline http://status.twitter.com/post/68751921/delivery-delays
That said , a clear picture of the Page Load Time experience felt by the Twitter product ’s user base quickly emerged .
Approximately 14 % of all days in the year experienced delays and disruptions , directly altering the Page Load Time of the product .
And , another ~ 10 % of the year ’s days experience pages loading with missing information , resulting in a total number of days experiencing disruption at around 24 % of the year or 86 days !
( note : there may be some day overlap that is not taken into account in these numbers )
Note : Data for December is complete ( only goes through December 21 , 2009 )
Should Do & A Clear Flight Path
When using Twitter , tweets , responses , searches can and sometimes do occur quickly and without incident .
However , with such consistency of problematic service , fail whales , site latency , etc .
Twitter earns no more than a value of 0 for Page Load Time ; but with a clear path to improvement …
first , focus on the reliability of the Page Load , drastically reducing downtime ,
, drastically reducing downtime , then , focus on the missing data and other inconveniences , some of which are touched upon in my table of notes above .
Next …
Over the next several weeks I will be providing real - world examples of Page Load Time values …
Poor Load Time ( value 0 ) [ Twitter , Twine ]
Delayed Load Time ( value 0.5 ) [ Conversation Pieces ]
Prompt Load Time ( value 1 ) [ Facebook ]
Subscribe now ( click here ) to make sure you do n’t miss any part of this series exploring the Usability and Page Load Time of Quick - UX , the quick and easy method of generating quantifiable and comparable metrics representing the understanding of the overall User Experience of a product , as well as other insightful posts from The Product Guy .
Enjoy , Discuss & Tweet !
Jeremy Horn
The Product Guy
Add to Social Bookmarks :
August 19 , 2014 at 12:56 pm
GRTW is a great event that happens every year out in California on the Delta .
If you missed this years then you ’re going to want to check it out next year .
Here ’s the press release from this years event .
Better Than Ever – 6th Annual Girls Ride The Wake Goes Off In The California Delta Lodi , California , July 21 , 2014 – What has become the most anticipated event of the year for women wakeboarders on the west coast has [… ]
Read more »
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
PROVO -- Nearly 12,000 BYU students welcomed one of America 's top Catholic leaders to campus Tuesday .
Cardinal Francis George , president of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops , delivered the university 's weekly forum address .
Cardinal George told the students that the relationship between the two faiths was not always friendly , that Brigham Young and Lawrence Scanlan --
Utah 's first Catholic bishop -- would be astonished by today 's gathering , but he called Catholics and Latter - day Saints partners in defending religious freedom .
To begin , the audience sang a hymn familiar to both Catholics and Latter - day Saints then recited the Lord 's prayer , led by a Catholic professor who teaches at BYU .
Francis Cardinal George , O.M.I. Archbishop of Chicago
Cardinal Francis George is the first Chicago native to become Archbishop of Chicago .
Installed in May 1997 , he arrived by way of the west coast , where he had spent less than a year as Archbishop of Portland , Oregon and five years as Bishop of Yakima , Washington .
He is the thirteenth Ordinary for Chicago since its establishment as a diocese in 1843 .
Cardinal George spoke of a growing partnership between the faiths .
" In recent years , Catholics and members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints have stood more frequently side by side in the public square to defend human life and dignity , " he said .
The Cardinal spoke of unity in the fight against poverty and pornography , and standing for the right to life .
He talked of the two faiths defending of religious freedom , which he says is not just freedom of worship .
" At stake is whether the religious word will be heard in the public square , " he said .
The two faiths are also united against same - sex marriage .
What he most regrets , he said , is the overt opposition .
" This happened in Proposition 8 in California ... [ to ] respond by thuggery , by quasi - fascist tactics [ rather ] than the common good , our whole society stands in great jeopardy , " Cardinal George said .
" Mormons and Catholics take pride on our citizenship as Americans and our legacy of service to the nation . "
The students gave Cardinal George a standing ovation .
" I thought today was historic , in that sense : everybody coming together , " said student Brady Rice .
Student Victoria
Fox said , " A lot of times there 's this false animosity between Catholics and Mormons , and I just think the Lord 's work is too big for just one people . "
Cardinal George also mentioned both President Gordon B. Hinckley and President Thomas S. Monson , and mentioned President Monson 's kind remarks about the partnership the two faiths share in humanitarian work .
E-mail : cmikita@ksl.com
×
Related Links
Published online 21 January 2010 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2010.25
News
Next - generation genome sequencing enables detailed tracking of MRSA infections .
The spread of MRSA has been mapped using genetic sequencing .
Janice Haney Carr/CDC
Antibiotic - resistant bacteria have families , too , according to a study that uses the detailed genetic relationships of bacterial strains to map out how certain infections spread within hospitals and countries .
The genomic - sequencing technology that made the study possible could one day enable hospital administrators to track infections back to the individuals and objects that transmit them , say the study authors .
The team studied different samples of a strain of methicillin - resistant Staphylococcus aureus ( MRSA ) called sequence type 239 ( ST239 ) .
The bacterium poses a huge health - care problem because it is easily transferred in hospitals and is resistant to multiple antibiotics , so MRSA infections in humans are difficult to treat and can be lethal .
ST239 was originally identified and characterized using a technique from the first generation of genomics technology , known as multilocus sequence typing ( MLST ) , which measures mutations in a handful of core genes .
Because these core genes are the least likely to mutate , the method yields family trees of bacterial relatedness with too few branches to study an infection 's spread in much detail .
" According to MLST , all of these samples are identical , " says co-first author Simon Harris of the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute in Hinxton , near Cambridge , UK .
But faster , next - generation sequencing technology now makes it possible to scan the entire genome of MRSA strains at low cost .
The team used this genome - wide high - resolution method to select 4,310 variable sites in the genome , which enabled them to individually identify each of 63 samples of MRSA ST239 .
" Genome - wide high - resolution sequencing is going to give us a way to use molecular genetics to track epidemiological spread , potentially at the level of a single transmission , " says evolutionary biologist Carl Bergstrom of the University of Washington in Seattle , who was not involved in the study .
Diverse origins
The team computed the most likely family tree that would account for the genetic differences between the MRSA samples .
The tree reflected the geographic origins of the samples , which ranged from Australia and Argentina to Turkey and Thailand .
However , certain exceptions revealed transmission of MRSA between countries .
Within the branch of the tree containing samples largely from Thailand were two samples from MRSA outbreaks in Denmark and the United Kingdom , suggesting that those outbreaks occurred after a transmission event from Thailand , write the researchers in this week 's Science1 .
There was also a strong connection between samples from Brazil and Portugal , which led the team to link a 1997 outbreak of MRSA in Portugal with a strain transmitted from Brazil .
The earliest origin of this strain of MRSA , however , appears to have been in Europe , says Harris .
In addition , the study reveals that MRSA accumulates one single - nucleotide mutation about every 6 weeks .
This is faster than previous estimates for similar bacteria , write the authors , but is in line with recent research suggesting that mutation rates depend on a number of factors , including bacterial population size .
The team also found evidence of independent , parallel evolution in different branches of the MRSA strain as a response to antibacterial treatments in hospitals .
Screen dream
Knowing the detail of how such infections spread is crucial information for epidemiologists and public - health workers , says Bergstrom : " This possibility of getting the exact transmission sequence in an outbreak would be tremendously valuable . "
To prevent disease spread , clinicians can design hospital protocols differently if they know whether the strain is spread evenly throughout the human population , or if just a couple of individuals are super - transmitters .
The information might also help them to prescribe antibiotics that would be effective against the specific strain found in the hospital — avoiding antibiotics with broader activity which may have allowed MRSA to develop resistance in the first place .
ADVERTISEMENT
Study author Sharon Peacock , a microbiologist at the University of Cambridge , UK , explains that the team 's ambitions are to adapt the technique so that people " with a relatively low level of training " can do pathogen genetic screening in clinics worldwide .
To try to prevent the spread of MRSA in the United Kingdom , hospitals there already have initiatives such as increased hand - washing and first - generation diagnostic screening that have cut the number of MRSA - related deaths , Peacock adds .
But screening prices for the new technology , currently around £ 200 ( US$ 320 ) per patient , should continue to drop , allowing such tests to be used in hospitals .
" This gives you the potential to work out what interventions will most effectively break the transmission of any bacterial pathogen , " Bergstrom says .
[ Joe ] tipped us off about his 112 LED coffee table .
This 12 - ups the LED matrix from Friday and 31 - ups the Shiftbrite table .
Driving this grid is an ATmega328 in i2 c slave mode .
It listens for display data from a second ATmega328 and uses that to set the array of TLC5940 driven LEDs appropriately .
Separating the processing microcontroller from the display microcontroller allows for fast and smooth display changes that can be seen after the break .
[ Joe ’s ] table exhibits exquisite cable management , clean code , and an amazing amount of flexibility .
Maybe [ Caleb Kraft ] will finally pony up the dough and make this project for his own home .
[ Joe ] waited until he saw some other LED tables to send us a link to his hack .
This is obviously an awesome project , one that we want to see just as much as our readers do .
So please , do n’t wait for someone else to stumble upon your project , send us a tip once you ’re done sharing the details .
PITTSBURGH --
The Detroit Red Wings are stronger on paper , but weaker on the ice .
Their depth has improved , their skill level upgraded with the return of some injured players .
And yet they have looked run down in recent games , including Sunday 's nationally televised 2 - 1 shootout loss to the Pittsburgh Penguins at Mellon Arena .
The Penguins dominated the first two periods in this clash between the Stanley Cup finalists in each of the last two seasons .
The Red Wings needed a second consecutive 46 - save performance out of Jimmy Howard just to salvage a point .
" Since the Washington game ( Jan. 19 ) , we have n't skated as good .
Why is that ? ''
Red Wings coach Mike Babcock said .
" Our execution and our skating is n't even close , and yet I thought today , you got to give the guys credit .
We hung in there with goaltending and battled to find a way to get a point .
Dan Cleary tipped in a shot by Brad Stuart to tie the game 1 - 1 at 11:10 of the third period .
But the Penguins improved to 7 - 0 in shootouts after getting goals from superstars Sidney Crosby and Evgeni Malkin .
The Red Wings were outshot 47 - 24 two days after Nashville outshot them 48 - 29 .
They have been outshot by an average margin of 37 - 30 in their past six games , which has Babcock concerned .
" Our execution and our speed and the way we 're playing , I do n't know if we look exhausted , but we 're not emotionally very fresh , '' Babcock said .
" And yet , we just played four games in 5 1 / 2 days .
That 's the way the NHL is this year ( due to a slightly compressed schedule because of the Olympic break ) .
And now we got a day to travel and play again back - to - back ( Tuesday and Wednesday in San Jose and Anaheim ) .
" We got to find it within ourselves to have more emotion and more energy and to skate better .
That 's the only way we 're going to come through this . "
Players realize it takes time to get comfortable after returning from a long absence .
That will be the case with defenseman Niklas Kronwall , who was fortunate to avoid re-injuring his left knee early in overtime Sunday while trying to check Jordan Staal , and with right wing Jason Williams .
" You 're energized and get a good push in the first game and then it kind of hits you a little bit , '' Detroit captain Nicklas Lidstrom said .
" That 's been the case with a couple of guys coming back .
It 's not easy sitting out for a couple of months and being in game shape right away . ''
Babcock said forward Tomas Holmstrom , who is tied for the team lead with 15 goals , will return Tuesday .
He has missed 13 games with a broken foot .
He said forward Johan Franzen , out since Oct. 8 because of a torn knee ligament , will return Feb. 9 at St. Louis .
In the meantime , the Red Wings can't afford to play like they did for most of Sunday 's game against Pittsburgh .
After his team was dominated territorially through two periods , outshot 29 - 11 , Babcock split up stars Pavel Datsyuk and Henrik Zetterberg .
It provided a little spark , as Cleary tied the game by deflecting in a blast from the point by Stuart , who was given plenty of room to shoot .
" I got the puck and was going to shoot right away and did n't realize I had some time to let our guys get to the front , '' Stuart said .
" Took a couple of steps and was able to get it through and I do n't think ( Penguins goalie Marc - Andre Fleury ) saw it . ''
The Red Wings had an excellent chance to win it on a power play with 1:21 left in overtime but ended up going 0 for 5 on the man-advantage for the game .
In the shootout , Crosby and Malkin scored on nifty backhand shots while Datsyuk and Williams failed to score for Detroit .
Crosby opened the scoring at 16:46 of the second period .
He went to the net with speed , took a pass from Alex Goligosky and tucked a backhand shot past Howard for his 34th goal .
The Red Wings happily took their point in the first of five consecutive road games , but they were n't pleased with their effort .
" We were on our heels a little bit too much .
We gave them too much respect , '' Kronwall said .
" I think we gave them too much space , way too much separation between our forwards and our D - men . ''
Said Howard : " We got a point , so that 's the positive side of it .
But we got to find a way get W's out of these . ''
Home Office Identical Minister Meg Hillier has hit on a brilliant wheeze that could solve all her social exclusion problems .
Banks need proof of ID when you open an account , right ?
Banks give people free stuff when they open an account , right ?
Sooooo ... banks could give people free ID cards when they open accounts !
This cunning plan clearly has a superficial - if somewhat recursive - brilliance to it .
Meg 's socially excluded constituents have , she alleges , trouble opening bank accounts because they have difficulty proving who they are , and demonstrating a credit history .
So first the bank ponies - up for an ID card , they go get one by - er - proving who they are , then they go back to the bank , prove who they are again , and they get a bank account .
" But I wanted an Amazon voucher and an iPod … "
The British Bankers Association immediately pointed to one snagette in the scheme .
Spokesman Brian Mairs told Bloomberg that because ID cards were not compulsory , " their use within banks will complement rather than replace other proofs such as passports , driving licenses or utility bills " ; and " holding an ID card will not entitle anybody to any financial product or service " .
And that last bit could be seen as flagging another critical flaw in Meg 's plans to fight social exclusion .
It is not , surely , difficulties in proving their identity that stop the socially excluded opening bank accounts and getting credit - might not the fact that they do n't have any money have something to do with it ?
Banks give free stuff to students and young people because they 're good bets .
Some of them will certainly wind up socially excluded , but enough of them will have sufficient earnings ahead of them to more than justify the Amazon vouchers .
People who do n't have much in the way of visible earning potential are a different matter altogether .
Banks may sprinkle ' social service ' pixie dust over some of their marketing , but any notions Meg has about them becoming the continuation of the Department of Work & Pensions by other means is unlikely to impress them .
They make money from deposits and from lending money to people who 're likely to be able to pay them back ( in theory , anyway … ) , so consider this .
Punter walks in , does n't have any evidence of having paid a utility bill in their life , does n't have a passport , ca n't afford £ 30 for an ID card either .
So you give them £ 30 , and while you 're about it you spring for the network of fingerprint readers the government can't currently afford ?
Right , that 'll work .
As far as dealing with the entanglement of anti-fraud and money - laundering legislation this government has brought in , banks might find ID cards helpful , if they counted as enough of a box - tick to stop the bank being liable .
But they wo n't want to spend money on fingerprint readers ahead of ID cards becoming ubiquitous , so they'd want to box - tick on the basis of the ID card as picture ID - where it would effectively operate as a pass , as opposed to actual proof of ID .
Still , it does n't come with a free credit rating , so it 's not going to make the bank any more enthusiastic about having you as a customer .
Given the Home Office 's desperation , it could well agree to the notion of the ID card as a free pass for employers , financial institutions and vendors of Buckfast .
And note that because the ID card is being used as a pass , short - circuiting whatever ID checks are currently used , we now have a much bigger hole in our money - laundering , immigration and underage drinking legislation ( there 's a pretty big hole in the last one already , of course ) .
So try this scenario .
Someone with no utility bills , credit history or whatever but £ 10,000 in crumpled fivers walks into a bank and asks to open an account .
Today , the bank probably would n't be keen , and would likely file a Suspicious Activity Report ( which in itself is often just a box - tick , effectively ) .
Tomorrow , if Mr Used Fivers waves an ID card , does the bank just say thank you very much , and count itself as covered ?
A socially - excluded bank robbers ' charter , then … ®
Where ’d that page go ?
We will take a look for you .
In the meantime , please visit our home page or retry your search below .
Dr. Andrew Tibbitts runs one of the most friendly and up to date dental offices in Murrieta , California .
Come by and visit the office - you will have a great dental experience !
We hope to see you soon !
I 've performed a meta - analysis of various scare stories about marijuana appearing in major papers this week .
The results of my research are as follows :
Hypothesis :
Alarmist reports about marijuana will turn out to be wildly exaggerated and in some cases completely fictitious .
Obvious inconsistencies will be overlooked by the press and widely available contrary evidence will be ignored .
Methodology :
I read various stories about marijuana and used basic logic and reasoning to determine whether their conclusions made any sense .
In some cases , I used Google and other sources to search for other information that contradicted seemingly dubious claims .
Findings :
Marijuana Increases the Risk of Psychosis by 40 % : This one turned out to be totally wrong .
Apparently a correlation between marijuana use and psychosis does n't necessarily mean that marijuana caused the psychosis .
Many of the researchers made this clear in their findings , but reporters left it out .
Furthermore , none of the stories on this topic explained that the risk of psychosis is small , so a 40 % increase is n't that significant to begin with .
Reporters also failed to observe that massive increases in marijuana use over the past century have not corresponded with increased rates of psychosis .
Smoking a Joint is as Bad For Your Lungs as 5 Cigarettes :
This report also turned out to be almost entirely bogus .
Shockingly , " air flow " was the only category ( of several ) in which marijuana was determined to be more harmful .
Researchers stated that marijuana was 2.5 to 5 times more harmful than tobacco in this category , which reporters simply rounded up to 5 for the headline ( behold the lofty journalistic standards of Reuters ) .
Reporters also failed to mention conclusive research proving that marijuana does not cause lung cancer ; a notable omission since " bad for your lungs " likely implies cancer for many readers .
Finally , media reports failed to explain that marijuana users consume far less per day , and do not continue using for nearly as many years as tobacco smokers .
Marijuana May Cause Skin Cancer : I do n't know anything about skin cancer , so I wo n't attempt to refute the findings of this Harvard study .
The manner in which it was reported , however , leaves much to be desired .
The FOX News headline reads " Study : Marijuana Use May Cause Skin Cancer . "
Only upon reading the article does the reader discover that only one extremely rare form of skin cancer has been associated with marijuana , and that the researchers claim that more research is needed .
Furthermore , only people with weakened immune systems are even susceptible to this infection .
A more appropriate headline would have been " Study : Marijuana May Cause Skin Cancer Under Very Rare Circumstances . "
Conclusions :
Reading coverage of marijuana research in the mainstream press increases the risk of becoming misinformed by 50-300 % .
More research is clearly needed to identify further sources of flawed marijuana reporting .
The risk of bad reporting remains stable despite concerted efforts to inform the media that hysterical claims about marijuana frequently lack scientific merit .
Exposure to poorly researched news about marijuana is correlated with support for costly , ineffective , highly punitive marijuana laws .
Enlarge By Bill Petros Stoneworker Jim Lee adds Enrique Valdez , the 58,261st name on the Vietnam Veterans Memorial , on May 5 .
Enrique Valdez , who became a quadriplegic when his spinal cord was severed by shrapnel in Vietnam , " could n't cough by himself " and relied on others " to press on his diaphragm to help him , " his daughter Tina recalls .
The Santa Fe veteran also suffered bouts of pneumonia " due to his war injury .
The paralysis affected his lungs , " she says .
So when the former Marine succumbed at age 56 to pneumonia in 1994 — nearly 25 years after he was wounded — his children asked to have his name added to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington .
After all , his death certificate said his passing was directly attributable to his spinal cord injury , which he suffered in combat .
The military turned down the request .
" We said , ' How can you say that ? ' " says Tina Valdez , whose mother died three months after her father .
" We kept pushing and pushing and it was denial , denial , denial . "
On Monday , the family 's 14 - year battle will end when the name of Gunnery Sgt. Enrique Valdez is read aloud at the memorial in Washington during a Memorial Day ceremony .
At that moment , the Marine officially will become a casualty of the Vietnam War .
Valdez ' name was added to the black granite memorial on May 5 .
He is on Panel 17W , Row 51 , near more than three dozen others killed Aug. 26 , 1969 , the day he was wounded .
His is the 58,261st name chiseled into memorial and the 322nd added since it was dedicated in 1982 .
Many of those added in recent years were paralyzed survivors like Valdez or amputees who died prematurely because of war - related complications , says Jan Scruggs , president of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Fund .
" I 'm glad it happened " for Valdez , he says .
" Things that really matter to us in life take time and this is one of those things . "
Paralyzed at 32 Valdez had done several tours in Vietnam when his 14 - year career was abruptly cut short by shrapnel while serving with B Company , First Battalion of the First Marine Division .
The 32 - year - old was airlifted back to his wife and four children in New Mexico .
Although he was rated 100 % disabled , Tina Valdez says her father took his children camping and taught them to fish .
" My father was never bitter or angry about what had happened , " she says .
" He did n't feel sorry for himself and did n't allow anyone else to feel sorry for him .
He was just happy to be alive . "
After Valdez died , two military boards reviewed his case to be added to The Wall .
In 1997 , the Navy 's Bureau of Medicine and Surgery " found no direct causal relationship " between the veteran 's fatal pneumonia and his combat - linked quadriplegia , according to a statement by Gerald Castle , head of the Marine Corps ' Casualty Assistance Section , which agreed .
The family appealed to legislators and kept reapplying .
" Every time we sent something in , they asked for more information " before ruling again that he did not meet the criteria for inclusion , Tina Valdez says .
The family enlisted the help of former Marines , including Robert Johnston , a retired three - star general .
He was a newly commissioned 2nd lieutenant in 1962 when he met Valdez , then a platoon sergeant , in Hawaii .
" He had a strikingly tough , calm disposition — a real troop leader of the highest order , " Johnston recalls .
" He was just as good as you get . "
Persistence pays off
When Johnston heard that Valdez ' application had been denied , " I said , ' This is wrong .
You have to revisit this thing , ' " and wrote a letter to officials .
After what Johnston calls " a little bit of pushing and shoving " by him , the family and a persistent casualty assistance officer at Marine Corps headquarters , the military reversed its ruling .
Castle said the application was reconsidered in 2006 and although the Navy medical board 's " opinion was unchanged , " the Marine Corps panel " determined the case to be sufficiently compelling " and overruled the original decision .
Marine Corps spokesman Bryan Driver said no other details would be released .
The approval came on May 1 , 2008 — too late to be included in last year 's ceremony .
Being on the memorial " would have been a fulfillment of his professional life as a Marine , " Johnston says .
" It acknowledges that he had given everything he could to his country . "
Tina Valdez , who was 4 when her father was wounded and mostly remembers him in a wheelchair , says he never saw the memorial in person .
A cross-country trip , she says , was " too long a drive " for him to make .
Earlier this month , the Valdez siblings — Enrique , Yolanda , Lyndora and Tina — watched as a stoneworker engraved their father 's name .
" It was very , very emotional and kind of a relief , " Tina Valdez says .
" He deserved to be there . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Just as Lost 's Island ping - pongs through spacetime , its characters have undergone wheeling personality shifts .
Unfortunately , some of these character developments became eclipsed by the show 's sprawling tapestry of weirdness .
Here are 7 character plots the Smoke Monster apparently ate .
Advertisement
7. ) Charlie The Creeper
After Charlie 's noble sacrifice at the end of Season 3 , most references to him have been nothing but hagiographical - Desmond named his son after the former Drive Shaft bassist , for Pete 's sake - but remember in Season 2 when the jocular junkie was up to the somewhat unforgivable shit ?
Kidnapping and baptizing Aaron in the middle of the night ?
Pretending to kidnap Sun to make Locke look incompetent ?
Sure , the guy was recovering smack addict , but for while there it looked as if the Survivors would have a deranged wild card among their ranks .
That would 've made for great TV .
Advertisement
6. ) Malibu Sayid
Sayid Jarrah 's big shtick Season 1 was that he was a member of the Iraqi Republican Guard ( remember , this was 2004 , it was topical ) .
Given the fact that Sayid was a Saddam - administration hard - ass , it was pretty hilarious to see him shack up with all - American ice queen Shannon .
Even when Ana - Lucia shot her , he still remained an interesting character , as he was chock full of righteous rage .
Since then , Sayid has n't whispered a peep about Shannon .
It 's wild .
He never mentions this earth - shattering moment in his life again .
Then again , when you 're on the Island , an earth - shattering moment happens every 10 minutes .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
5. ) Miles ' Daddy Issues
I like Miles Straume .
He 's got the acerbicness of early Sawyer and we both had the same awful haircut when we were teenagers .
Advertisement
In Season 5 , he finally got to know his dad , Dharma grump Pierre Chang , whose death / continuation of his own timeline without his son / whatever the heck his fate was when Jughead went off was the real heartbreaker of last year 's finale .
Sure we 'll miss Juliet , but her death seemed a smidge shoehorned in to give the Jack - Sawyer - Kate - Juliet love trapezoid more poignancy .
Miles ' loss was like some horrible version of the Back to The Future in which Marty watches the Hill Valley High School prom burn down with everyone inside .
I hope Season 6 will address his grief , particularly since Pierre Chang was secretly [ SPOILERS ] Master Shredder .
Advertisement
4. ) The Crabby Jin
When Jin and Sun crashed on the Island , their marriage was in shambles , what with Jin being Mr. Paik 's legbreaker and all .
These were Jin 's salad days as a fun character .
He 'd frown for entire episodes , only stopping intermittently to throw a right hook .
Fortunately for the Kwons , 100 days marooned on a spooky island was more effective than years of marital counseling .
Jin's volte - face from his mob persona was less enjoyable for audiences , as it effectively relegated Jin to sidekick status .
Advertisement
3. ) The Vengeful Sun
Remember when Sun hostilely took over her father 's company and devoted 3 years and her newfound millions to killing Ben Linus ?
Remember how her years of presumably meticulous planning culminated with her pulling a gun on him in a parking lot ?
Remember how long it took for Ben to talk her out of her vendetta ?
Goddammit , Sun - you had the potential to be such a player , but now you 're just hanging around with Lapidus with your go - to look of befuddlement on your face .
Advertisement
2. ) The Monster Eats The Pilot
We now know the Smoke Monster has a method to its madness and wo n't attack for the hell of it - the " security system " would rather steal an identity ( i.e. , Eko 's brother , Rosseau 's shipmates ) or judge someone for his or her " sins " ( Eko ) .
Its only truly inexplicable victim was the pilot , Seth Norris , from the very first episode .
Given that Smokey brutally killed the pilot in a manner akin to Eko , we can only assume that Seth harbored the darkest of all the Survivors ' dark secrets and was thus judged and killed tout de suite .
R.I.P. Seth Norris - your unknown transgressions were too horrible for network television .
Advertisement
1. ) Jack 's " Locke Problem "
At the end of Season 1 , Jack foreshadowed that John Locke would be the Big Bad for the next season .
Remember this quote from the last episode of Season 1 ?
" Everybody wants me to be a leader until I make a decision that they do n't like .
You want to keep second guessing me , Kate ?
That 's your call .
There 's something that you need to know .
If we survive this , if we survive tonight we 're going to have a Locke problem and I have to know that you 've got my back . "
Advertisement
Did Jack have a Locke problem ?
Well , sort of .
Locke 's always been a minor pain in the ass , prattling on about what he can and cannot do and throwing knives at people 's torsos .
But was he ever the season - wide threat that Jack intimated he'd be ?
No , during Season 2 , Ben assumed that role .
In sum , viewers waited an entire season for a Locke problem that never materialized .
Suffice to say , there was a Locke problem , but it was as relevant as how the Survivors kept all their hairdos so coiffed and lustrous .
A new study finds that depressed people generally choose a shade of grey to represent their mood , while healthy people mostly choose yellow .
This proves that Harold Ford is healthy !
Nice try , John Cook !
[ Science Daily .
Click to enlarge ]
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
Photo : Fast Company
Most metropolis ’ are so busy building the future that they do n’t have time to re-think the past .
Not so with Seoul , South Korea .
In 2003 , the city demolished a downtown freeway to restore an ancient stream that once flowed beneath the thoroughfare .
More than 75 percent of the scrap material from the demolition was re-used to reconstruct and rehabilitate the stream banks and create a commercial corridor .
In this episode of e2 , we ’ll see how the Cheonggyecheon is now a thriving tourist destination , proving that going backward can sometimes lead to an even bigger step forward .
This story and video comes to us from our friends over at Fast Company .
To read more from Fast Company : Sustainable Urban Development or Inspired Ethonomics .
A long time ago ( circa 2007 if Google serves me right ) , there was a Python programmer named Robin Munn who wrote a really nice tutorial on SqlAlchemy .
It was originally based on the 0.1 release , but updated for the newer 0.2 .
Then , Mr. Munn just disappeared and the tutorial was never updated .
I have been kicking around the idea of releasing my own version of this tutorial for quite some time and finally decided to just do it .
I hope you will find this article helpful as I found the original to be .
Getting Started
SqlAlchemy is usually referred to as an Object Relational Mapper ( ORM ) , although it is much more full featured than any of the other Python ORMs that I ’ve used , such as SqlObject or the one that ’s built into Django .
SqlAlchemy was founded by a fellow named Michael Bayer .
I usually see Jonathan Ellis ’ name floating around the project a lot too , especially at PyCon .
This tutorial will be based on the latest released version of SqlAlchemy : 0.5.8 .
You can check your version by doing the following :
import sqlalchemy print sqlalchemy.__version__
Note : I ’ll also be using Python 2.5 on Windows for testing .
However , this code should work equally well on Mac and Linux .
If you need SqlAlchemy to work on Python 3 , then you ’ll want the SVN version of 0.6 .
The website gives instructions on how to do acquire the code .
If you do n’t happen to have SqlAlchemy , you can download it from their website or use easy_install if you have setuptools installed .
Let ’s see how :
In the case of downloading the source , you ’ll need to extract it and then open a console window ( on Windows , go to Start , Run and type “ cmd ” , without the quotes ) .
Then change directories until you are in the unzipped folder .
To install SQLAlchemy , you can us pip :
pip install sqlalchemy
This also assumes that you have pip on your path .
If you do not , then use the full path to use it ( i.e. c:\python38\scripts\pip.exe or whatever ) .
Creating the First Script
Now we get to create our first example using SqlAlchemy .
We will create a simple table to store a user ’s name , their age and their password .
from sqlalchemy import create_engine from sqlalchemy import MetaData , Column , Table , ForeignKey from sqlalchemy import Integer , String engine = create_engine ( 'sqlite:///tutorial.db' , echo= True ) metadata = MetaData ( bind=engine ) users_table = Table ( 'users ' , metadata , Column ( 'id ' , Integer , primary_key = True ) , Column ( ' name ' , String ( 40 ) ) , Column ( ' age ' , Integer ) , Column ( ' password ' , String ) , ) addresses_table = Table ( ' addresses ' , metadata , Column ( 'id ' , Integer , primary_key = True ) , Column ( ' user_id ' , None , ForeignKey ( 'users.id ' ) ) , Column ( ' email_address ' , String , nullable = False ) ) # create tables in database metadata.create_all ( )
Looking Deeper
As you can see , we needed to import various bits and pieces from the sqlalchemy package , namely create_engine , MetaData , Column , Table , Integer , and String .
Then we create an “ engine ” which is basically an object that knows how to communicate with the provided database using the credentials you supply .
In this case , we are using a Sqlite database that does n’t need credentials .
There are in - depth docs on this subject alone where you can read up on for your favorite database flavor .
Also notice that we set echo to True .
This means that SqlAlchemy will output all the SQL command it is executing to stdout .
This is handy for debugging , but should be set to False when you ’re ready to put the code into production .
Next , we create a MetaData object .
This cool creation from the SqlAlchemy team holds all the database metadata .
It consists of Python objects that hold descriptions of the tables and other schema - level objects of the database .
We can bind the metadata object to our database here or in the create_all statement near the end of the code .
The last section is how we create the tables programmatically .
This is accomplished by using SqlAlchemy ’s Table and Column objects .
Notice that we have various field types available to us , like String and Integer .
There are many others too .
For this example , we create a database and name it “ users ” , then pass in our metadata object .
Next , we put it in the Columns .
The “ id ” column is set as our primary key .
SqlAlchemy will magically increment this for us as we add users to the database .
The “ name ” column is a String type and capped at 40 characters long .
The “ age ” column is just a simple Integer and the “ password ” column is just set to String .
We did n’t set its length , but we probably should .
The only major difference in the addresses_table is how we set up the Foreign key attribute that connects the two tables .
Basically , we point it at the other table by passing the correct field name in a string to the ForeignKey object .
The final line of this snippet actually creates the database and the table .
You can call it as often as you like as it will always check for the existence of the specified table before trying to create it .
That means you can create additional tables and call create_all and SqlAlchemy will only create the new table .
SqlAlchemy also provides a way to load tables that were previously created :
someTable = Table ( " users " , metadata , autoload=True , schema= " schemaName " )
I ’ve noticed that with this release , SqlAlchemy has gotten pretty picky about having the database schema specified when you autoload a database .
Should you have that issue , you ’ll need to add the following to your Table definition : schema= ” some schema ” .
For more information , see the documentation .
Inserting
There are several ways to add and extract information from the database .
We ’ll look at the low - level ways first and then in one of the other parts of this series , we ’ll get into Sessions and the Declarative styles which tend to be slightly more abstract .
Let ’s take a look at the different ways to Insert data into our database :
# create an Insert object ins = users_table.insert ( ) # add values to the Insert object new_user = ins.values ( name = " Joe " , age =20 , password = " pass " ) # create a database connection conn = engine.connect ( ) # add user to database by executing SQL conn.execute ( new_user )
The code above shows how to use a Connection object to do the insert .
First , you need to create the Insert object by calling the table ’s insert method .
Then you can use the Insert ’s values method to add the required values for the row .
Next , we create the Connection object via the engine ’s connect method .
Finally , we call the Connection object ’s execute method on the Insert object .
It sounds kind of complicated , but it ’s actually pretty easy .
This next snippet shows a couple ways to do an insert without the Connection object :
# a connectionless way to Insert a user ins = users_table.insert ( ) result = engine .
execute ( ins , name = " Shinji " , age =15 , password = " nihongo " ) # another connectionless Insert result = users_table.insert().execute ( name= " Martha " , age =45 , password = " dingbat " )
In both cases , you will need to call the table object insert method .
Basically , you just take the engine out of the picture in the second instance .
The last insert method we ’ll look at is how to insert multiple rows :
conn.execute(users_table.insert ( ) , [ { " name " : " Ted " , " age " : 10 , " password " : " dink "} , { " name " : " Asahina " , " age " : 25 , " password " : " nippon "} , { " name " : " Evan " , " age " : 40 , " password " : " macaca " } ] )
This is pretty self - explanatory , but the gist is that you need to use the Connection object from earlier and pass it two arguments : the table ’s Insert object and a list of dictionaries which contain column name and value pairs .
Please note that by using the execute method , the data is committed to the database in these examples .
Now let ’s move on to doing selects .
Selecting
SqlAlchemy provides a robust set of methods to accomplish Selects .
We will focus on the simple methods here .
For the advanced stuff , I recommend their official documentation and mailing list .
One of the most common examples is doing a select all , so let ’s start with that :
from sqlalchemy.sql import select s = select ( [ users_table ] ) result = s.execute ( ) for row in result : print row
First we have to import the select method from sqlalchemy.sql .
Then we pass it the table as a one element list .
Finally we call the select object ’s execute method and store the returned data in the result variable .
Now that we have all the results , we should probably see if we got what we expected .
Thus , we create a for loop to iterate over the result .
If you need all the results in a list of tuples rather than Row object , you can do the following :
# get all the results in a list of tuples conn = engine.connect ( ) res = conn.execute(s ) rows = res.fetchall ( )
And if you just need the first result back , then you use fetchone ( ) instead of fetchall ( ) :
res = conn.execute(s ) row = res.fetchone ( )
Now let ’s pretend that we need to get a little bit more granular in our results .
In the next example , we just want to return the user ’s name and their age while omitting their password .
s = select ( [users_table.c.name , users_table.c.age ] ) result = conn.execute(s ) for row in result : print row
Well , that was pretty easy .
All we had to do was specify the column names in our select statement .
The little “ c ” basically means “ column ” , so we do a select on column name and column age .
If you had multiple tables , then the select statement would be something like this :
select ( [ tableOne , tableTwo ] )
Of course , this will probably return duplicate results , so you ’ll want to do something like this to mitigate the issue :
s = select ( [ tableOne , tableTwo ] , tableOne.c.id==tableTwo.c.user_id )
The SqlAlchemy documentation called the first result a Cartesian product since it caused each row from the first table to be produced against each row of the second table .
The second statement above eliminates that annoyance .
How ?
Well , this is the way you do a WHERE clause using this form of a select .
In the next part of the series , I ’ll show a different way to do a select and where with sessions .
Here are a couple more examples though with explanations in the comments :
from sqlalchemy.sql import and _ #
The following is the equivalent to # SELECT * FROM users WHERE id > 3 s = select ( [ users_table ] , users_table.c.id >
3 ) # You can use the " and_ " module to AND multiple fields together s = select ( and_(users_table.c.name= = " Martha " , users_table.c.age < 25 ) )
The code above illustrates that SqlAlchemy can use operators and conjunctions in their queries as well .
I recommend reading their documentation for full details here .
Wrapping Up
I think this is a good place for us to stop .
We have now learned how to create a database , add rows and select data from our database .
In the next part of our series , we will learn the more popular way of doing this using the Object Relation methods .
We will also learn about a few other key topics , such as the SqlAlchemy session .
We will also look at how joins work in SqlAlchemy .
See you then !
Further Reading
Downloads
The Maggie diet - whisky , spinach and 28 eggs a week
In shape for power : Mrs Thatcher kept trim while at Number 10 with a diet consisting of 28 eggs a week
She fought hard to get the nation 's finances back in trim .
But only now can the secret of Margaret Thatcher 's own diet be revealed - 28 eggs a week .
The eggs , along with cucumber , spinach , tomatoes , steak and the odd swig of whisky , went towards a strict meal regime that promised to help her shed 20 lb in two weeks .
On the brink of becoming Britain 's first woman Prime Minister in 1979 , the then Mrs Thatcher was said to be keen to lose weight in time for her historic photocall outside No 10 .
Her crash diet plan was found typed on a sheet of yellowing paper folded up and tucked inside her 1979 personal diary .
The black leather Economist pocket diary - which also recorded her appointments such as ' 9.15 am Hair ' - is one of hundreds of her private documents being made available to the public from today .
The files , never seen before , have been released by the Margaret Thatcher Foundation and give a fascinating glimpse behind the scenes of the Iron Lady 's first few months in Downing Street .
The diet included a daily breakfast of grapefruit , one or two eggs , black coffee or clear tea .
Two eggs were served in each weekday lunch , while steak , lamb chops and fish were the staple of most dinners .
The majority of items were ticked off - but small crosses appeared next to some .
The neatly - folded piece of paper also warned the diet should not be followed for more than two weeks .
Historian Chris Collins , of the Foundation , said : ' It would have been before the election .
I think she was looking to get in trim for the cameras .
But she did n't need to , she never had a weight problem . '
As a woman , however , Lady Thatcher faced different expectations to her predecessors .
In an interview at the time , she claimed she had ' no special dieting regime ' and wore size 14 dresses and weighed nineanda - half stone .
Mr Collins said it was the first time a Prime Minister 's personal notes had been made public during their lifetime .
He said : ' The papers show what it was like to be at No 10 , rather than just the policy stuff , which , however important , does n't give the full picture . '
Many of the files can be viewed online at www.margaretthatcher.org
MY FACE ON A TEA TOWEL ?
NO WAY
A horrified Lady Thatcher gave a handbagging to an aide who wanted to capitalise on her election victory with tacky Iron Lady souvenirs .
Tea towels , mugs and postcards bearing her face were among the suggestions put forward by Conservative Central Office .
Five days after the Tories swept to power on May 4 , 1979 , Gordon Reece , a senior aide at Central Office , wrote a note saying : ' This is not a matter that we would want to worry the Prime Minister about but I am inundated with requests to have Mrs Thatcher 's features reproduced on teacups , drying up towels , postcards et alia . '
He added : ' So far I have only agreed to one representation for the Iron Lady to be on one side of a pint pot and the Iron Duke on another . '
But the mere suggestion aroused indignation in Lady Thatcher , who scrawled in the margin : ' How come ?
Without any reference to me ?'
Where Mr Reece said he saw ' no basic objection to allowing these things to go ahead ' , she wrote : 'NO permission to be given at all on any goods of any kind .
Do n't mind a straight photograph .
MT .'
I WILL MAKE THE DECISIONS
Two years before seizing power , Lady Thatcher had already decided there was only one person capable of making all the decisions - herself .
Lady
Thatcher 's diet was found typed up on sheets of yellowing paper , above and below , in her 1979 diary
A memo on ' structure and strategy ' written in August 1977 revealed her confidence at being able to boot out James Callaghan 's Labour government .
She wrote : ' It is most important that we get the structure and strategy right and I have already come to the conclusion that I shall have to take most of the major decisions myself . '
BRUSSELS BEWARE
Long before her famous clashes in Europe , Lady Thatcher was spoiling for a fight , the files reveal .
European Community bureaucrats - were ' paid much too much ' , she wrote in 1979 , incensed that senior administration staff received £ 52,529 - while the British Prime Minister received £ 33,000 .
Lady Thatcher scribbled on a letter from her Parliamentary Private Secretary John Stanley : ' They are paid much too much - from our taxpayers ' money !
It looks like a real gravy - train . '
ERIC , THE GOOD LOOKING ONE
Lady
Thatcher 's aides wrote brief descriptions of celebrities who had sent her congratulations , in case she had never heard of them .
Comedian Eric Morecambe was ' the good looking one - not the one with the short fat hairy legs ' .
Lulu , Barbara Cartland and Peter Sellers also added their congratulations .
' As an ex-Goon from East Finchley I send you many congratulations on your marvellous victory , ' Sellers wrote .
Mrs Thatcher 's backers also included Henry Cooper , Barbara Windsor , Petula Clark and footballers Gerry Francis and Bobby Moore .
DRAGGING DENIS TO DINNER
Long - suffering Denis
Thatcher was n't always happy to go along to official dinners , the files disclose .
His frustration boiled when officials roped him into an evening at Claridge 's for a black tie reception hosted by the President of Indonesia .
A note from No10 diary secretary Caroline Stephens tells Mr Thatcher : ' Another dreaded State Banquet I 'm afraid , ' explaining she had accepted for him .
Much has been made of the ridiculous behavior of Senator Richard Shelby - for those who do n't know , he has put a hold on all of President Obama 's appointees until his state gets some pork the President took away .
But all of you blaming Senator Shelby for this behavior are severely misguided .
It 's not Shelby 's fault .
The President is making him do this .
And it hurts him a lot more than it hurts the President .
From TPM :
" Sen . Shelby has placed holds on several pending nominees due to unaddressed national security concerns , " Shelby spokesperson Jonathan Graffeo said in a statement .
" Among his concerns " are the progress on multi-billion dollar defense contract that would see planes built in Mobile , AL and Obama 's decision to scrap a $ 45 million FBI improvised explosive device lab Shelby secured an earmark for in 2008 .
" The Obama Administration wants to read terrorists our Miranda rights and try them in U.S. courts but is impeding the processing of evidence that could lead to convictions , " he said .
" If this administration were as worried about hunting down terrorists as it is about the confirmation of low - level political nominations , America would be a safer place . "
You see ?
It 's not Shelby 's fault that the President wants us all to die .
Shelby is protecting us from a dangerous President by blocking the appointees who run the agencies that help keep us safe .
It makes perfect sense to me .
Of course , while Shelby is grandstanding and parroting the idea that the President is soft on national defense , he ignores the fact that the President 's policies are working .
The FBI got the underwear bomber to talk by not torturing him , and he 's still talking over a month later .
But as has become clear over the past year , policy is of no importance to the GOP .
Only the failure of the President matters .
The man accused of attempting to blow up a jet liner outside of Detroit on Christmas Day was , at some point , informed of his right to hear the charges against him in a trial setting , as required by the Constitution of the United States .
Because of that , a Republican Senator wants U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder to resign .
Sen. Lamar Alexander ( R - TN ) , appearing on Fox News Sunday , slammed the Department of Justice for imprisoning Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , 23 , as a criminal .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ He ’s doing a better job of interrogating CIA employees than he is of interrogating terrorists , and he ’s not making a distinction between enemy combatants and terrorists flying into Detroit trying to blow up planes and American citizens who are committing a crime , ” he said , according to The Hill .
“ He needs to go to Congress and say I made that decision , and here ’s why .
And based on that perhaps he should step down . ”
“ Van Hollen also said that FBI agents who interrogated Abdulmutallab for 50 minutes before he was ‘ Mirandized ’ said they ‘ got the information that they needed , and he will certainly be convicted as a result of the court proceedings , ' ” UPI reported .
Rep. Chris Van Hollen ( D - MD ) , also appearing on Fox News Sunday , took issue with the suggestion , dismissing it as purely political .
When the Bush administration dealt with shoe bomber Richard Reid , he too was imprisoned as a criminal and not held as a prisoner of war , Hollen noted .
Richard Reid was convicted in 2003 of eight charges related to his attempted bombing and is currently serving out a life sentence in a Colorado supermax prison .
Then a freshman senator , Alexander did not call for the resignation of former Attorney General John Ashcroft , whose department oversaw Reid ’s prosecution .
The Bush administration treated the Washington , D.C. sniper similarly .
Alexander , in office since 2003 , chairs the Senate Republican Conference , placing him in the party ’s number three leadership position .
“ He is among the least partisan of Senate Republicans , according to an analysis by Congressional Quarterly , which found the Tennessee Republican was among those GOP senators who voted most often with President Barack Obama , ” Main Justice noted .
ADVERTISEMENT
Alexander is only the latest in a long line of right - wing figures who have attacked the attorney general and the Obama administration for upholding the Constitution , even as it applies to a man who allegedly attempted mass murder .
They suggest Abdulmutallab should be held outside the criminal justice system , tried instead by the military in secret proceedings .
Alexander said he feels that basic congressional oversight of the secret trials is enough to ensure accountability .
“ We have to make a distinction between a kid who breaks into a sandwich shop in Detroit and a Nigerian terrorist who wants to blow up an airplane flying into Detroit , ” he said , according to the Canadian Press .
The Bush administration revoked the right of Habeas Corpus , which allows prisoners to challenge the validity of the charges against them .
The Supreme Court would later reverse the administration ’s move as unconstitutional , granting full Habeas rights to prisoners detained as enemy combatants , but still allowing the military to try some prisoners of war .
Technology Blamed For Bad Grammar Despite Total Lack Of Causal Evidence
from the wow dept
Students failing because of Twitter , texting
Little or no grammar teaching , cellphone texting , social networking sites like Facebook and Twitter , all are being blamed for an increasingly unacceptable number of post - secondary students who can't write properly .
For years there 's been a flood of anecdotal complaints from professors about what they say is the wretched state of English grammar coming from some of their students .
Now there seems to be some solid evidence .
Ontario's Waterloo University is one of the few post - secondary institutions in Canada to require the students they accept to pass an exam testing their English language skills .
Almost a third of those students are failing .
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
We were just recently reporting on yet another in a very long line of studies that showed that instant messaging and texting was actually helping kids have better writing skills .
So , it was interesting to see an article published up in Canada ( thanks to Marcus Carab for sending this in ) that claimed a study " proving " that Twitter and texting was causing grammar and spelling problems for students .
But , if you read the details of the article , they do n't say that at all .
It 'sby the reporter .
It 's done with a neat little rhetorical trick .
The title of the article says : Okay , fair enough .
Let 's see the details of how Twitter and texting are leading students to fail .
The opening paragraph is : First note that the reporter combines " little or no grammar teaching " with " cellphone texting , social networking sites like Facebook and Twitter , " even though those are very , very different issues .
Onto the next few paragraphs , where the rhetorical " switch " is pulled :
Now , if you 're not reading carefully , you might think this claimed that there was " proof " that texting or social networking sites were leading students to fail .
But that 's not what 's being said at all .
The only " proof " is a study showing that students are n't doing well on a particular grammar test .
It presents no evidence as to why .
It also presents no evidence that suggests that it's any worse than at any time in the past , since it does n't present any historical comparison at all .
It just says a bunch of students are failing and blames texting and Twitter , despite all thosestudies that say the opposite .
Nowhere else in the article does it presentevidence at all that texting or Twittering has anything to do with the grammar skills of students .
Instead , there are a few people who suggest the real problem was that first one listed : the lack of any grammar instruction in high schools .
But , I guess that does n't make a very good headline or opening of an article .
Filed Under : grammar , schools , students , technology
About Ikebana International
Ikebana International ( I.I. ) is a non-profit cultural organization dedicated to the promotion and appreciation of ikebana , the Japanese art of flower arrangement .
When the late Ellen Gordon Allen founded the organization in 1956 , her dream was to create an organization uniting the peoples of the world through their mutual love of nature and enjoyment of ikebana .
Google has found a way to let iPhone owners use Google Voice , the telephony management service whose iPhone - specific application Apple rejected last year .
On Tuesday , Google will launch a Google Voice Web app that runs on iPhone devices with the 3.0 OS or later versions , as well as on Palm WebOS devices .
[ Stay up on tech news and reviews from your smartphone at infoworldmobile.com . |
Get the best iPhone apps for pros with our business iPhone apps finder .
|
See which smartphone is right for you in our mobile " deathmatch " calculator . ]
The Google Voice application leverages HTML 5's functionality for running sophisticated Web applications on a browser at speeds matching those of native applications , Google said .
The application lets users tap into a " streamlined " version of the Google Voice inbox , display their Google Voice numbers in caller ID systems , listen to voice - mail messages , read voice - mail transcripts , exchange text messages free and make international calls billed at Google Voice rates , Google said .
To access the application , users need to go to the Google Voice URL and sign into their Google Voice accounts .
They do n't need to download anything to their phones .
Google and Apple , former corporate buddies turned snarling rivals , got into a spat last year when Apple rejected a Google Voice application for the iPhone .
Apple reportedly justified the rejection by arguing that Google Voice duplicates some native iPhone functionality , which Apple wants to avoid in third - party iPhone apps , while Google called the decision unfair .
The Google Voice - iPhone conflict is one of several issues putting the companies on a collision course .
Google 's release of its Android mobile OS and devices based on it , as well as the development of the Chrome browser and Chrome OS all put it in a competitive position against Apple .
Citing increasing areas of competition , Google CEO Eric Schmidt stepped down from Apple 's board of directors last year .
Valve has announced the first expansion for Left 4 Dead 2 .
The Passing is supposed to be released in March 2010 for PC and Xbox 360 .
The story of the DLC is supposed to continue the Dead Center Campaign from the main game .
But here you will once again meet the old characters : Bill , Francis , Zoey and Loius .
The Passing will also introduce new type of zombie that is said to be unconventional conventional as well as two new weapons ( one for melee and one firearm ) and a new coop mode .
The DLC is located in a rural area in the State of Georgia .
In our gallery below the gameplay videos you can find the screenshots Valve released recently .
Unterstützt PCGH – es dauert nur eine Minute .
Danke !
Alle Leser bekommen bei uns täglich kostenlos News , Artikel , Guides , Videos und Podcasts über aktuelle Spiele - Hardware und ihre Lieblingsspiele .
Bislang haben wir diese Seite vorwiegend über Werbung finanziert , doch seit COVID - 19 wird das zunehmend schwieriger .
Viele Unternehmen kürzen oder streichen für 2020 ihre Werbebudgets .
Budgets , auf die wir leider angewiesen sind , wenn wir PC Games Hardware auch in Zukunft in gewohnter Form kostenlos anbieten wollen .
Aus diesem Grund wenden wir uns jetzt an euch .
Ihr könnt uns als PCGH - Supporter dabei unterstützen , dass wir unsere bekannten Inhalte auch weiterhin in gewohnter Form kostenlos anbieten können .
Jeder Beitrag , ob groß oder klein , ist wertvoll .
Unterstützt PC Games Hardware - es dauert nur eine Minute .
Jetzt unterstützen
Wir danken euch jetzt schon im Voraus .
Reklame : Left 4 Dead 2 Left 4 Dead 2 jetzt bei Amazon bestellen
[ futuremark ]
Bildergalerie ( Ansicht vergrößern für Quellenangaben )
The Galerie will be downloaded ...
(*) Affiliate - Links haben wir mit einem Sternchen gekennzeichnet .
Wir erhalten für einen Kauf über unseren Link eine kleine Provision und können so die kostenlos nutzbare Webseite teilweise mit diesen Einnahmen finanzieren .
Für den User entstehen hierbei keine Kosten .
SOFIA , Bulgaria 
In his first autobiographical thriller , “ Secrets of the Mobsters , ” the Bulgarian crime writer Bobi Tsankov , backed by a burly bodyguard and a driver , both armed with semiautomatic weapons hidden underneath their long coats , confronts a gangster boss called Stretko near a lake in the center of Sofia .
“ So what now ? ” the boss says , flashing a cocky grin .
“ Will your guards kill me ? ”
Mr. Tsankov freezes , eyeing the crimson dots of snipers ’ rifles aimed at his heart and head .
In what resembled a scene ripped from the pages of one of his books , Mr. Tsankov , 30 , a baby - faced radio personality , who had a conviction for fraud and a penchant for BMW convertibles and crocodile leather shoes , was gunned down last month in daylight in the center of Sofia , shot four times in the head by two gunmen at close range .
His wife , a police officer , was five months pregnant at the time .
Krassimir and Nikolai Marinov , brothers and former wrestling champions who had been charged in connection with several killings , were accused of plotting the attack , though Nikolai Marinov remains at large .
The two gunmen have not been found .
Bulgaria has had 191 known contract killings since 1992 , according to a list compiled by the Center for the Study of Democracy in Sofia .
Georgi Stoev , another writer of books about the Bulgarian underworld , was gunned down in front of a hotel in Sofia in April 2008 .
Published online 3 February 2010 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2010.47
News
Two driving forces acting on wet spider silk help it to capture water .
The spider 's web captures a string of dewy pearls .
Janet Fang
Researchers have puzzled out how spider silk is able to catch the morning dew .
Their findings may lead to the development of new materials that are able to capture water from the air .
The study , published today in Nature1 , examines the silk of the hackled orbweaver spider Uloborus walckenaerius .
" Bright , pearl - like water drops hang on thin spider silk in the morning after fogging , " says study author Lei Jiang from the Beijing National Laboratory for Molecular Sciences .
" It is unexpected and interesting .
Human hair can't do that . "
Dry spider silk forms a necklace - like structure .
Two main fibres support a series of separate rounded ' puffs ' , each made up of tiny , randomly intertwined nanofibrils .
When water vapour condenses onto these puffs , they shrink into densely packed knots , shaped like spindles ( or two cones with their bases stuck together ) .
Thinner connecting stretches of nanofibrils , separating the knots , become more apparent ; these areas are called ' joints ' .
The researchers studied the webs under both electron and light microscopes .
They noticed that as water condenses on the web , droplets move towards the nearest spindle - knot , where they coalesce to form larger drops .
The spindle - knots have a rough surface , because the fibrils within them are randomly interweaved .
But the joints between the knots have a smooth texture , because their constituent fibrils run parallel to each other .
It is this difference in roughness that helps water drops to slide towards the spindle - knots , sticking when they arrive .
The cone shape of the spindle - knots also drives droplets towards their centre .
Once they hit the edge of a cone , drops are propelled towards its base , the least curved region , because of the pressure difference caused by surface tension .
Mimicking nature
Guided by their findings , the team made their own artificial spider silk using nylon fibres dipped in a polymer solution that , when dried , formed spindle - knots similar to those in natural spider silk .
They anticipate that their studies of these fibres could lead to new materials for collecting water from the air .
" It is impressive that they were able to produce an analogue of wetted [ spider ] thread that duplicated the properties that they observed , " says spider silk expert Brent Opell of Virginia Tech in Blacksburg .
But it does n't seem likely that natural selection has directed the evolution of this particular spider 's silk for water collection , he adds .
The spider 's thread seems to have evolved to work best when it is dry .
ADVERTISEMENT
As Jiang and his colleagues show , when the spider silk is wetted , the fibrils are matted down .
" From a spider 's perspective , this is a bad thing because it reduces the web 's ability to capture prey , " Opell says .
" The authors of this paper are studying an artefact , " says zoologist and spider - silk expert Fritz Vollrath of the University of Oxford , UK , " which is still interesting although it has no biological function " .
You know a government is in trouble when it starts accusing aging hacks like me and my colleague Andrew West of engaging in high level cyber crime .
And yet , in his first day in Parliament since announcing on the weekend details of the government 's transport blueprint , the only question from the Labor benches to Transport Minister Dave Campbell concerned a fanciful claim the had somehow hacked a top secret website to reveal the plan early .
The government site they did n't want you to see ... all a reader had to do was type http://nswtransportblueprint.com.au/project into their computer 's address bar and tap ' enter ' .
Some hack .
Campbell said that by accessing a website where the plan was available , the had done the equivalent of " pick the lock off a secure office and take highly confidential documents " .
He went further and said the campaign to crack the site had been so determined there had been " 3727 hits on the firewall of the website from four different IP addresses " last Thursday and Friday and the contractor in charge of the site , IT private , had referred the matter to the police .
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 8/2/2010 ( 3887 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
Fresh snow led to the arrest of a Selkirk man Sunday night .
At 9:30 p.m. , Selkirk RCMP responded to a call of a break and enter in progress .
Upon arrival , officers not only discovered a residence had been broken into , but also noticed the footprints made in the new snow .
RCMP followed the tracks to another residence , where they found a small amount of stolen jewelry .
Byron Wayne Frost , 24 , has been charged with break , enter and theft , as well as possession of stolen property and breach of probation .
Frost is scheduled to appear in court tomorrow .
According to border patrol agents , the women were driving an SUV on Interstate 8 in Dateland , with their children in the backseat .
The toddlers were apparently meant to be decoys , but a Border Patrol canine smelled more than dirty diapers in the vehicle .
When agents checked the SUV , they found the 47 pounds of meth in a hidden compartment above the gas tank .
The Arizona Department of Public Safety estimates the street value of one pound of meth to be about $ 7,500 , which puts the street value of the drugs in the Yuma bust at almost $ 353,000 .
" [ Drug traffickers ] are going to use whatever means they see necessary to try and smuggle and transport drugs , " Shaun Kuzia of Yuma Sector Border Patrol told Yuma television station KSWT 13 .
" In this case , they 're using two seemingly innocent females with children in the back to try and smuggle drugs to Phoenix . "
The children of the arrested women were returned to their fathers .
That 's one " road trip " the kids probably will never forget .
Update vom 3 . April 2010 :
Eine offizielle Goldmeldung zu Duke Nukem Forever am 1 .
April 2010 hätte sicherlich für großes Gelächter und ungläubige Gesichter gesorgt , obwohl das genannte Datum irgendwie zum Duke passt .
Laut Jason Bergman , Produzent von Duke Nukem Forever , sollte sein Running - Gag der Spielgeschichte ironischerweise genau zu diesem Zeitpunkt den Weg ins Presswerk antreten .
Der 3D Realms - Mitarbeiter stellt gleichzeitig in seinem Twitter - Beitrag klar , dass es sich bei seiner Aussage bezüglich des Fertigstellungstermins keinesfalls um einen Aprilscherz handele .
Natürlich nicht , Herr Bergmann .
Update vom 31 .
Januar 2010 :
Im Netz ist ein neuer Videotrailer mit Spielszenen zu Duke Nukem Forever aufgetaucht , den wir euch umgehend unterhalb dieser Zeilen zur Begutachtung bereitstellen .
Die am Anfang gezeigten Firmenlogos von Take - Two , 3D - Relams sowie von Gearbox Software sind offensichtlich vom Ersteller eingebaut worden .
Die Gameplayszenen scheinen jedoch echt zu sein .
Seht selbst :
Neuer Gameplay - Trailer zu Duke Nukem Forever :
Update 27.12.2009 :
Laut Scott Miller von 3D Realms sollen zahlreiche neue Duke - Spiele in Arbeit sein , darunter auch Duke Nukem Forever .
Das berichtet Shacknews .
Demnach seien die Spiele in unterschiedlichen Entwicklungsstadien , darunter auch Casual - Games .
Fast alle seien noch nicht angekündigt worden .
Auch an Duke Nukem Forever werde weiter gearbeitet , obwohl das interne Entwicklungsteam entlassen worden war .
Originalmeldung :
Duke Nukem Forever : Das Scheitern des Projekts analysiert .
( 2 ) Quelle : 3D Realms Duke Nukem Forever scheiterte am Erfolg .
Das ist die Feststellung des renommierten US - Magazins Wired in einem vierseitigen , sehr lesenswerten Artikel über Duke Nukem Forever und 3D Realms .
Der Autor sprach mit vielen ehemaligen Angestellten des Entwicklungsstudios , die ihm in Interviews über die Ereignisse vor und hinter den Kulissen berichteten .
Die Chefs von 3D Realsm , George Broussard und Scott Miller , wollten sich nicht äußern - schließlich laufe noch die Klage des Publishers gegen den Entwickler .
Autor Clive Thompson zeichnet in seinem Artikel das Bild eines cleveren Geschäftsmanns ( Miller ) und eines visionären Entwicklers ( Broussard ) , die in den 90er - Jahren mit Shareware - Spielen enormen Erfolg hatten .
Nach dem Anfangserfolg mit Wolfenstein 3D war es Duke Nukem 3D , das laut Wired 3,5 Millionen Mal verkauft wurde .
Ein gutes
Jahr nach dem Release im Januar 1996 kündigte Broussard im April 1997 den Nachfolger an : Duke Nukem Forever , das deutlich vor Weihnachten 1998 erscheinen sollte .
In seiner Analyse nennt Clive Thompson das Unterschätzen der rasanten Technologie - Entwicklung als einen der Fehler von George Broussard .
Die Build - Engine , auf der Duke Nukem 3D basiert , wurde schnell von der Quake 2 - Engine übertrumpft - und das Team schwenkte um , von der eigenen Engine hin zu der des Konkurrenten aus Dallas .
Angeblich soll 3D Realms 500.000 US - Dollar dafür bezahlt haben .
1998 wurde Duke Nukem Forever auf der E3 gezeigt , als Video , und sorgte für noch höhere Erwartungen .
Und das , obwohl Broussard schon damals nicht zufrieden war mit dem Spiel und nach einer besser Technologie suchte .
In Epics Unreal - Engine fand er , was er suchte .
Das Team schwenkte erneut um - was eigentlich Irrsinn ist , da das Projekt quasi neu begonnen wurde , wie einer der damaligen Programmierer heute feststellt .
Duke Nukem Forever : Das Scheitern des Projekts analysiert .
( 9 ) Quelle : Take - Two Broussard soll auch weiterhin immer wieder neue Anforderungen an das Team gestellt haben , damit sein Spiel so umwerfend wie möglich werde .
So soll er einen Schnee - Level gefordert haben , nachdem er das Spiel The Thing gesehen hatte .
Ähnliches soll nach dem Release von Half - Life passiert sein , als Broussard auch so eine Eröffnungs - Sequenz in Duke Nukem Forever haben wollte .
Bei all dem soll er aber keinen Plan gehabt haben , wie das fertige Spiel überhaupt aussehen sollte .
Paul Schuytema war einer der damaligen Programmierer und sagte gegenüber Wired : " Duke Nukem Forever hatte tolle Features , aber es war kein Spiel . "
Mike Wilson , der unter anderem für id Software arbeitete , hält den großen Erfolg von Duke Nukem 3D für ein großes Problem : " Es lähmte sie .
Sie waren für eine Minute die Könige der Welt .
Wie oft passiert das schon ? "
Dazu kommt laut Wired , dass 3D Realms sehr viel Geld hatte , dank einiger erfolgreicher Releases und natürlich wegen Duke Nukem 3D .
Zu viel Geld .
Wer nicht aufs
Geld schauen muss , muss auch kein Ende seines Projekts definieren .
Das Ergebnis : " When it 's done " war die Standardantwort auf einen Release - Termin .
Das führte sogar dazu , dass Broussard alles andere als galant auf Kritik seitens des Publishers Take 2 reagierte .
Als deren CEO Jeffrey Lapin Duke Nukem Forever wegen der Verspätungen schon als Verlustgeschäft sah , empfahl ihm Broussard : " shut the fuck up " .
Duke Nukem Forever : Das Scheitern des Projekts analysiert .
( 10 ) Quelle : PC Games
Mit einem neuen Trailer für die E3 2001 sorgte der Duke erneut für Begeisterung , auch im Entwickler - Team .
Anschließend glaubten die Angestellten sogar , das Spiel könnte bald veröffentlicht werden .
Das Team zählte damals 18 Entwickler - sehr wenig im Vergleich zu anderen Spielen , an denen die drei- oder vierfache Zahl an Programmierern arbeitete .
Die Entwickler erhielten wenig Grundlohn , sondern sollten erst durch die Erfolgsbeteiligung am Spiel gut verdienen .
Da das Spiel Ewigkeiten nicht erschien , nahm der Unmut im Team zu. 2006 gingen deswegen 7 der 18 Entwickler - ein Desaster .
Broussard reagierte und heuerte neue Leute an , bis die Mannschaft 35 Entwickler umfasste .
Darunter war auch der neue Projektleiter Brian Hook , der es schaffte , Broussards Anforderungen abzublocken und sich stattdessen auf die Fertigstellung des Spiels zu konzentrieren .
Am 26 .
Januar 2009 flog George Broussard zu Publisher
Take 2 nach New York - um ihnen das Spiel zu zeigen und um eine Finanzspritze von 6 Millionen Dollar zu erbitten .
An diesem Punkt kommen die Gerichtsakten ins Spiel : Broussard und Miller behaupten , Take 2 hätte erst zu gestimmt , dann aber das Angebot auf 2,5 Millionen Dollar reduziert .
Take 2 behauptet , sie hätten von Anfang an nur 2,5 Millionen Dollar geboten plus weitere 2,5 Millionen Dollar nach der Fertigstellung des Spiels .
Es gab keine Einigung .
Am 6 . Mai 2009 teile George Broussard das Ende des 12 - jährigen Projekts Duke Nukem Forever mit .
Ob das Spiel jemals erscheint ?
Weiter unklar .
Ob es weitere Duke - Spiele geben wird ?
Wahrscheinlich .
Aber wann und von wem , das ist ebenfalls unklar .
Reklame : Duke Nukem Forever Duke Nukem Forever jetzt bei Amazon bestellen
Bildergalerie ( Ansicht vergrößern für Quellenangaben )
The Galerie will be downloaded ...
Von Florian Stangl
Autor
Florian Stangl ist seit 2009 Chefredakteur von pcgames .de und seit 1994 beruflich in der Spielebranche aktiv .
Lieblingsgenres : Rennspiele , Ego - Shooter und Action - Rollenspiele .
In seiner Freizeit fotografiert er Konzerte .
Fehlt etwas im Artikel ?
(*) Affiliate - Links haben wir mit einem Sternchen gekennzeichnet .
Wir erhalten für einen Kauf über unseren Link eine kleine Provision und können so die kostenlos nutzbare Webseite teilweise mit diesen Einnahmen finanzieren .
Für den User entstehen hierbei keine Kosten .
SANCTI SPIRITUS , Cuba – Traveling around Cuba you get a feel for how Cubans struggle every day to develop their country .
As an American it makes my blood boil to see how the U.S. government blockade of Cuba helps enforce poverty and underdevelopment on the Cuban people .
I met a young American doctor on a five hour bus ride from Baracoa to Santiago .
Riding through the beautiful rural countryside he told me that what impressed him most about Cuba was how , even with all the apparent difficulties and underdevelopment , he did n’t see hunger and homelessness .
“ They all pitch in , ” he said .
“ My bus from Havana broke down and a bunch of us got off to help the driver fix it .
Really .
Right there on the side of the road passengers and drivers passing tools , suggesting fixes and helping clean parts .
You see that spirit all over the place . ”
So what does all this have to do with socialism USA and jobs you ask ?
It got me thinking about what building socialism is all about .
It really is about developing resources to solve problems .
It ’s about basics .
Why are communists , socialists , labor and the left so identified with the fight for jobs and full employment ?
Sure jobs are essential to well being and living , but it goes deeper than that .
What is common to most societies trying to build socialism ?
Look at the Russian , the Chinese , the Vietnamese , and the Cuban experience and efforts .
Take a look at all the emerging countries that had to throw off the yoke colonialism or neo-colonialism to move their countries forward and provide for their people .
Or look at places where the left has won local control .
In all these efforts a common thread is concentration on the basics of development – jobs , education , health care , food , and housing , agrarian reform etc .
With all the problems , with all the missteps , hardships , failures and even victories of these socialist projects , each pursued policies of full employment and collective problem solving .
Even in capitalist societies the left works for these basics .
For example the communist parties in India became mass parties and won many electoral victories by developing mass literacy campaigns preparing people for better employment and education opportunities .
What all these basics have in common is that they center on developing the most important natural resource that every country has – its human resource , its people .
This is , in part , why literacy and education are so closely linked to jobs and employment policies in efforts to build socialism .
So back to socialism USA .
One thing the current economic crisis brings home is that capitalism has outlived its usefulness .
It ’s not just that over 8 million jobs have been lost in this “ great recession ” or that there were already millions of unemployed and underemployed even at the height of the boom before the crisis .
It is a terrible toll in human suffering to be sure .
It is also a terrible waste of human brain and muscle lost every day through this terrible crisis .
All the incredible wealth and treasure locked away in the bank vaults of the giant corporations and the rich ca n’t seem to solve the burning problems of the day .
No solutions for poverty , homelessness , jobs and health care , not to mention war , global warming , aids , cancer , urban sprawl and on and on .
What terrible waste .
The where - with - all and wealth exists .
Smart , hardworking people we have in abundance .
Simply applying the needed resources in the right places will lead to solutions .
Free education and training for all – as much as you can eat – will help produce the cultural level , the brains and muscle needed .
Scientists and teachers to bricklayers and programmers to artists and doctors and all the other talents we need .
Health care for all to not only keep us well and productive , but to cure diseases and expand the horizons of medicine .
Housing , food , and recreation because comfortable , well rested and well fed workers are the most productive and are most likely to make breakthroughs in real sustainable clean energy .
You get the idea .
And yes I hear you – if it were that simple then it would have been done by now , right ?
Well no .
Capitalism has too many vested corporate / financial interests that only want to solve problems if they can make money on the solutions .
Their system is preserved by restricting opportunity and consumption and dividing people with competition and discrimination .
Is that a system past its prime or what ?
Cut back and restrict our most important resource in our greatest time of need !
The ideal for socialism is “ the living is easy , the work is hard . ”
We fight for jobs because with jobs and resources there are no problems that working people ca n’t solve .
American working people are like the Cuban people , hard working , problem solving , pitch - in kind of folks .
End the blockade against Cuba and end the blockade against jobs , opportunity at home and watch the world change for the better .
Photo :
High school students on their way walking home in Sancti Speritis , Cuba town center .
Scott Marshall / PW
I 've been working on a personal project lately and I decided that , amongst other things , I was going to use PostgreSQL .
Some of you may recall that I had an interesting testing strategy for MySQL .
The basic idea is that I do n't want to teardown and rebuild the database for every test .
Truncating a table is generally much faster than dropping and recreating it .
However , if I leave the database up , how do I guarantee it 's always in a pristine state ?
One way is to use transactions and always roll them back at the end of a test .
That means , amongst other things , that I can't easily test " commit " .
You can make it work with nested transactions ( if your database supports them ) , but " rollback " can cause issues .
There 's also the problem that by breaking " commit " , you 're altering the behavior of your code somewhat .
Plus , if you have more than one process , unless you can share the database handle , separate processes can't see what 's happening in another 's transaction .
My strategy is not one that everyone is comfortable with , but I prefer to track the changes to the database and simply truncate tables which have changed , possibly restoring the " static " data which some tables need to have when the app is launched .
Making this work with PostgreSQL really helped me to relearn a lof things I had forgotten about this excellent database .
Here 's the full code , with some interesting goodies you may not have expected ( plus some hacks I need to fix at some point ) .
package Testing :: Veure ; use Modern : : Perl ; use Moose ; use YAML :: Tiny ; use aliased ' Test : : WWW :: Mechanize :: Catalyst ' => ' Mech ' ; # Mysql prototype : http://use.perl.org/~Ovid/journal/37412 use Readonly ; Readonly my $ TEST_DB_CONF => 't/conf/db.yml' ;
Readonly my $ PREFIX => ' _test_ ' ; Readonly my $ CHANGES => " $ { PREFIX}changed_table " ; has schema => ( is => ' rw ' , isa => ' Veure : : Schema ' ) ; has dbh => ( is => ' rw ' , isa => ' DBI : : db ' ) ; has tables => ( is => 'rw ' , isa => ' HashRef ' ) ; has static_tables => ( is => 'rw ' , isa => ' ArrayRef ' ) ; has dynamic_tables => ( is => 'rw ' , isa => ' ArrayRef ' ) ; has debug => ( is => ' ro ' , isa => ' Bool ' ) ; has mech => ( is => ' ro ' , isa =>
Mech , default => sub { Mech -> new ( catalyst_app => ' Veure ' ) ; } ) ; has _should_rebuild => ( is => 'rw ' , isa => ' Bool ' ) ; has _config => ( is => 'rw ' , isa => ' HashRef ' ) ; use Veure ; use mro ( ) ; use feature ( ) ; BEGIN { my $ config = Veure->config->{database}{test} ; Veure :: Model:: DB->config ( schema_class => $ config->{schema_class} , connect_info => { dsn => $ config -> {dsn} , user => $ config -> {user} , password => $ config ->{ password} , } ) ; } sub import { my ( $ class , @args ) = @_ ; my $ caller = caller ; warnings -> import ( ) ; strict -> import ( ) ; feature -> import ( ' : 5.10 ' ) ; mro::set_mro( scalar caller ( ) , ' c3 ' ) ; eval " package $ caller ; use Test : : Most \@args " ; } sub BUILD { my $ self = shift ; my $ model = Veure : : Model : : DB->new ; $ self -> schema ( $ model -> schema ) ; $ self -> dbh ( $ model -> schema -> storage - > dbh ) ; $ self - > setup ; return $ self ; } sub setup { my ( $ self ) = @_ ; my $ dbh = $ self - > dbh ; $ self - > _set_tables ; # eventually we 'll want sanity checks on triggers if ( $ self->_should_rebuild ) { $ self->_rebuild_test_databas e ; } else { $ self -> _refresh_test_database ; } return $ self ; } sub _set_passwords { my $ self = shift ; my $users = $ self -> schema -> resultset ( ' Users ' ) ; while ( my $ user = $ users -> next ) { $ user -> password ( ' test ' ) ; $ user - > update ; } } sub _refresh_test_database { my $ self = shift ; my $ dbh = $ self - > dbh ; my $ changes = $ dbh->selectall_arrayref ( < < " END " ) or die $ dbh -> errstr ; SELECT table_name , is_static FROM $ CHANGES WHERE inserts > 0 OR updates > 0 OR deletes >
0 END my ( $ static , @dynamic ) ; foreach my $ change ( @$ changes ) { my ( $ table , $ is_static ) = @$change ; if ( $is_static ) { $ static = 1 ; # only needs to happen once } else { push @dynamic => $ table ; } } my @tables = @dynamic ; if ( $ static ) { push @tables => @{ $ self - > static_tables } ; } return unless @tables ; { local $ " = ' , '; my $ sql = " TRUNCATE TABLE @tables " ; warn $ sql if $ self - > debug ; $ dbh - > do ( $sql ) or die $ dbh - > errstr ; } if ( $ static ) { my $ sql = " BEGIN ;
" ; foreach my $ table ( @{ $ self -> static_tables } ) { my $ backup = " $ PREFIX$table " ; $ sql .= <<" END_SQL " ; INSERT INTO $ table ( SELECT * FROM $ backup ) ; END_SQL } $ sql .= " COMMIT ;
" ; warn $ sql if $ self - > debug ; $ dbh - > do ( $sql ) or die $ dbh - > errstr ; } my $ sql = <<" END " ; UPDATE $ CHANGES SET inserts = 0 , updates = 0 , deletes = 0 END warn $ sql if $ self -> debug ; $ dbh - > do ( $sql ) or die $ dbh - > errstr ; } sub _rebuild_test_database { my $ self = shift ; $ self -> _set_passwords ; $ self -> _create_change_table ; my $ dbh = $ self - > dbh ; my @static_tables = @{ $ self - > static_tables } ; my @dynamic_tables = @{ $ self - > dynamic_tables } ; # now make thebackups foreach my $ table ( @static_tables ) { my $ sql = " CREATE TABLE $ PREFIX$table AS SELECT * FROM $ table " ; warn $ sql if $ self - > debug ; $ dbh - > do ( $sql ) or die $ dbh - > errstr ; } { # doing it this way means we do n't need to disable foreign keys local $ " = ' , '; my $ sql = " TRUNCATE TABLE @dynamic_tables " ; warn $ sql if $ self - > debug ; $ dbh - > do ( $sql ) or die $ dbh -> errstr ; } $ self->_add_triggers_and_records ; return $ self ; } sub _add_triggers_and_records { my $ self = shift ; $ self->_add_changed_table_data( $ self -> static_tables , 1 ) ; $ self->_add_changed_table_data( $ self -> dynamic_tables , 0 ) ; } sub _add_changed_table_data { my ( $ self , $ tables , $ is_static ) = @_ ; my $ dbh = $ self - > dbh ; foreach my $ action ( qw/ insert update delete / ) { my $ function = <<" END_SQL " ; CREATE OR REPLACE FUNCTION fn_${action}_changes () RETURNS TRIGGER AS \$\$ BEGIN UPDATE $ CHANGES SET $ {action}s = $ {action}s + 1 WHERE table_name = TG_ARGV[ 0 ] ; RETURN NEW ; END ; \$ \$ LANGUAGE plpgsql ; END_SQL warn $ function if $ self - > debug ; $ dbh - > do ( $ function ) or die $ dbh -> errstr ; warn " ----------------
Function for ' $ action ' succeeded " if $ self - > debug ; } foreach my $ table ( @$tables ) { $ dbh - > do ( " INSERT INTO $ CHANGES ( table_name , is_static ) VALUES (? , ? ) " , undef , $ table , $ is_static ) ; foreach my $ action ( qw/ insert update delete / ) { my $ trigger = <<" END_SQL " ; CREATE TRIGGER tr_${action}_$table AFTER $ action ON $ table FOR EACH ROW EXECUTE PROCEDURE fn_${action}_changes ( '$ table ') END_SQL warn $ trigger if $ self -> debug ; $ dbh - > do ( $ trigger ) or die $ dbh -> errstr ; warn " ----------------
Trigger for ' $ action ' succeeded " if $ self - > debug ; } } } sub _set_tables { my $ self = shift ; my $ dbh = $ self - > dbh ; my $ sql = <<'
END '; SELECT c.relname FROM pg_catalog.pg_class c LEFT JOIN pg_catalog.pg_namespace n ON n.oid = c.relnamespace WHERE c.relkind IN ( 'r ' , ' ') AND n.nspname NOT IN ( ' pg_catalog ' , ' pg_toast ' ) AND pg_catalog.pg_table_is_visible(c.oid ) AND c.relname <> ' dbix_migration ' END my % count_for ; foreach my $ table ( @{ $ dbh->selectcol_arrayref ( $sql ) } ) { my $ result = $ dbh->selectcol_arrayref ( " SELECT count (*) FROM $ table " ) ; # a naive solution : if we have data when the database is created , it 's # static data $ count_for { $ table} = $ result - > [ 0 ] ; } if ( ! exists $ count_for { $ CHANGES} ) { # we 're starting with a fresh DB , so assume that if a table has data , # it 's a static table my $ yaml = YAML :: Tiny - > new ; $ yaml - > [ 0 ] = \%count_for ; $ yaml -> write ( $ TEST_DB_CONF ) ; $ self ->_should_rebuild ( 1 ) ; } else { my $ yaml = YAML :: Tiny -> read( $ TEST_DB_CONF ) ; %count_for = %{ $ yaml - >[ 0 ] } ; } $ self -> static_tables ( [ grep { $ count_for {$_} } keys % count_for ] ) ; $ self ->dynamic_tables ( [ grep { !$count_for {$_} } keys % count_for ] ) ; } sub _create_change_table { my $ self = shift ; my $ dbh = $ self -> dbh ; $ dbh - > do ( < < " END " ) ; CREATE TABLE $ CHANGES ( id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY , table_name VARCHAR ( 30 ) NOT NULL , is_static INTEGER NOT NULL DEFAULT 0 , inserts INTEGER NOT NULL DEFAULT 0 , updates INTEGER NOT NULL DEFAULT 0 , deletes INTEGER NOT NULL DEFAULT 0 ) END } 1 ;
With this , when you write a test program , you start with this :
# Veure is a placeholder name use Testing : : Veure ' no_plan ' ;
With that , you automatically get the benefits of Modern : : Perl ( I copied the code ) and you automatically import the test behavior from Test :: Most .
If I had n't done that interesting diddling with Testing : : Veure : : import ( ) , every test program would have started with this :
use Modern :: Perl ; use Test :: Most ' no_plan ' ; use Testing : : Veure ;
I do n't like boilerplate , so I decided it had to go away .
To get a pristine test database , just call the constructor :
my $ test = Testing : : Veure -> new ; my $ mech = $ test -> mech ; # Test : : WWW :: Mechanize : : Catalyst object my $ schema = $ test -> schema ; # DBIx : : Class my $ dbh = $ test - > dbh ; # change as much as you want in the database $ test = Testing : : Veure -> new ; # congrats .
The db is reset to its pristine condition
The code still needs a lot of work , but there were several things I appreciated .
First , I did n't have to disable foreign keys at all because PostgreSQL allows the following :
TRUNCATE TABLE table1 , table2 , ... tableN
If those tables have interdependent keys , it will happily truncate them for you .
Another nice feature was discovering that when misspelling a table name in a PostgreSQL trigger or function , it will tell you at compile time , unlike with MySQL .
We also assume that any tables with data in them when we 're first adding the test tables are " static " data which must be refreshed every time the constructor is called .
I use YAML :: Tiny to cache them .
This is a decision that I will likely have to revisit .
And if you 're curious , here are my ( stub ) tests for this :
#!/usr /bin/env perl use lib ' t / lib ' ; use Testing :: Veure tests => 4 ; my $ DEBUG = 0 ; my $ REBUILD = 0 ; if ( $ REBUILD ) { system ('./util/recreate_db' ) == 0 or die " Could not recreate database : $ ? " ; } my $ CHANGES = <<' END ' ; SELECT table_name FROM _test_changed_table WHERE inserts > 0 OR updates > 0 OR deletes > 0 END subtest ' new database ' => sub { my $ test = Testing :: Veure -> new ( { debug => $ DEBUG } ) ; my $ schema = $ test -> schema ; isa_ok $ schema , ' Veure : : Schema ' ; can_ok $ test , ' dbh ' ; isa_ok my $ dbh = $ test -> dbh , ' DBI : : db ' , '... and the object it returns ' ; ok grep ( { $ _ eq ' star ' } @{ $ test -> static_tables } ) , ' Basic sanity on static tables ' ; ok grep ( { $ _ eq ' email ' } @{ $ test -> dynamic_tables } ) , ' Basic sanity on dynamic tables ' ; my $ tables = $ dbh->selectcol_arrayref ( $ CHANGES ) ; ok !
@$tables , ' No tables start out changed ' ; $ dbh - > do ( " INSERT INTO email ( from_id , to_id , message ) VALUES ( 1,1 , 'boo ! ' ) " ) ; $ tables = $ dbh->selectall_arrayref( $ CHANGES ) ; eq_or_diff $ tables , [ [ ' email ' ] ] , '... but if we change a table , we should see the change ' ; $ dbh - > do ( " INSERT INTO roles ( role ) VALUES ( ' booboo ' ) " ) ; $ tables = $ dbh->selectall_arrayref ( $ CHANGES ) ; eq_or_diff $ tables , [ [ ' email ' ] , [ ' roles ' ] ] , '... even if we change multiple tables ' ; done_testing ; } ; subtest ' refresh_db ' => sub { ok my $ test =
Testing :: Veure - > new , ' We should be able to reconnect to the test database ' ; my $ dbh = $ test - > dbh ; my $ tables = $ dbh->selectcol_arrayref ( $ CHANGES ) ; ok !
@$tables , ' No tables start out changed ' ; $ dbh - > do ( " INSERT INTO email ( from_id , to_id , message ) VALUES ( 1,1 , 'boo ! ' ) " ) ; $ tables = $ dbh->selectall_arrayref( $ CHANGES ) ; eq_or_diff $ tables , [ [ ' email ' ] ] , '... but if we change a table , we should see the change ' ; $ dbh - > do ( " INSERT INTO roles ( role ) VALUES ( ' booboo ' ) " ) ; $ tables = $ dbh->selectall_arrayref ( $ CHANGES ) ; eq_or_diff $ tables , [ [ ' email ' ] , [ ' roles ' ] ] , '... even if we change multiple tables ' ; done_testing ; } ; subtest passwords => sub { my $ test = Testing :: Veure -> new ; my $users = $ test -> schema -> resultset ( ' Users ' ) ; while ( my $ user = $ users -> next ) { ok $ user -> check_password ( ' test ' ) , ' Passwords should all be changed to test ' ; } done_testing ; } ; subtest mechanize => sub { my $ test = Testing :: Veure -> new ; can_ok $ test , ' mech ' ; isa_ok my $ mech = $ test -> mech , ' Test : : WWW :: Mechanize : : Catalyst ' , '... and the object it returns ' ; $ mech -> get_ok ( ' / ' , '... and it should be able to fetch pages ' ) ; done_testing ; } ;
I 'm working as hard as I can to make writing tests as easy as possible to ensure that I do n't have to revisit this later .
Dealing with cumbersome test suites is a serious drain on productivity .
Next , I 'm going to try to work out a solution with Test : : Class which will allow me to do this :
package Testing : : Something ; use parent ' My:: Test : : Class ' ; sub some_tests : Tests { ... }
Brad Friedman Byon 2/5/2010 , 11:06 am PT
Rep. Barney Frank ( D - MA ) , in the video at right , describes on the floor of the U.S.
House this week what anyone paying attention already knows : how the " Rightwing Echo Chamber " works .
He describes a completely false charge by Wall Street Journal 's professional liar and GOP operative , John Fund , last November alleging --- with no basis whatsoever --- that Rep. Barney Frank ( D - VT ) and Sen. Chuck Schumer ( D - NY ) would soon be introducing legislation for " universal voter registration . "
Frank says , " It 's a lie , it 's a myth . "
But , he says , the " totally fictional allegation by John Fund with no basis whatsoever " was then picked up and reported as fact by the Washington Times , and naturally then repeated over the public 's airwaves by Glenn Beck , Rush Limbaugh , and on and on throughout the wingnut echosphere , as hoped .
When Frank called Fund on it , he says , in a letter [ PDF ] and then by phone , Fund admitted he was in error , said he " told a few people " that he was wrong , but had n't published any actual retraction .
" He 's not only a liar , he 's a coward , " Frank accurately noted in his comments this week on the House floor .
And here we had recently thought Fund was out of fresh lies .
But what Frank does n't note in his comments above , is that the tactic described , as oft used by Fund and so many others on the Right , actually works very , very well ...
It was the same tactic they employed after the 2008 election concerning Democratic plans to restore the Fairness Doctrine .
Though there was never any notable Democratic effort or interest in actually restoring it ( unfortunately ) , what little interest there was was pushed back after the wingnut echosphere told everyone " Democrats have declared war on ' conservative ' radio ! "
They never did , I wish they had --- the rightwing corporate takeover of the public airwaves should be an outrage enough to get every Constitution - loving American ( including every real conservative , as opposed to the phony ones , like those mentioned above ) into the streets to demand the return of real competition to our own public airwaves --- but they did n't .
In fact , the Righwing 's declared war on the non-existent " War on ' Conservative ' Radio " was so effective that it helped force the cowardly Obama Administration to remove , as I detailed at Alternet last year , the one tiny paragraph from their White House website announcing a hope to " Encourage diversity in the ownership of broadcast media , promote the development of new media outlets for expression of diverse viewpoints , and clarify the public interest obligations of broadcasters who occupy the nation 's spectrum . "
The GOP echosphere lie was enough to cut off any such real efforts for media reform at the knees , much as I suspect any effort to ensure every American citizen of age gets to vote , as they should , is also likely dead in the water following Fund 's recent , brilliant , democracy - hating lie .
The lie works .
And the Democratic Party 's plan to do something about it ?
John Fund tells me that Frank and Schumer will be introducing legislation for that very soon .
* [ This is part of the `Large Problems in Django Series < http://ericholscher.com/tag/largeproblems/>`_, see previous entries about : `APIs < http://ericholscher.com/blog/2009/nov/11/large-problems-django-mostly-solved-rest-api/>`_, ` Search < http://ericholscher.com/blog/2009/nov/2/large-problems-django-mostly-solved/>`_, and `Database Migrations < http://ericholscher.com/blog/2009/nov/6/large-problems-database-migrations/>`_]*
Django is well known across the open source community for it ’s stellar documentation .
While the tech behind the documentation plays only a little role in how good it is , the tools behind both Python and Django ’s documentation is Sphinx .
Luckily , we can all use Sphinx to document our projects , and I ’d like to talk a little about why you might want to .
Why use Sphinx ¶
Network Effects ¶
One of the big reasons is because it is becoming the standard documentation tool in the Python community .
Once your projects documentation is in Sphinx , most everyone will know how to contribute to it .
You will also be able to contribute to other projects easily as well .
You can look through the Python and Django docs for examples of how to do neat things , and it is really the best solution to the problem .
It uses Restructured Text ¶
If you are writing plain text about python , more than likely you should be using Restructured Text .
All docstrings are parsed for it , and you only need to learn this one markup language for all of your plain text needs .
It even works great for blog posts , with most Django blogging engines supporting it .
It is also easy to extend , and is generally a useful thing to know how to do .
Write once , compile to HTML , PDF , etc . ¶
By writing in Restructured Text , you write your documentation with metadata about what all of your text means .
This then allows it to be transformed intelligently into other formats .
This is how Django can provide HTML and PDF versions of the documentation all from the same source format .
By rendering through LaTeX , you are given a large amount of flexibility in the style of your PDF output , allowing for really nice designs with a little effort .
Your docs are beautiful ¶
Sphinx has native support through Pygments for syntax highlighting most languages that exist .
It also ships with support for themes , with the community providing themes out of the box to make your documentation look great .
This is another place where having a critical mass of people behind the project makes your docs better .
Cross References ¶
With simple markup rules applied to your documentation , you get indexes and cross referencing for free .
This makes your documentation much more discoverable , and useful for people who are browsing it .
The Django documentation makes extensive use of this , making it easy to jump to the definition of a setting where ever it is referenced for example .
It is being billed as the ' Museum of Tolerance ' - a Jewish institution being built in Jerusalem apparently to promote harmony between Muslims and Jews .
But its construction on the site of an ancient Muslim cemetery has outraged Palestinians , who say it is a deliberate attempt to erase their history .
They say the very name of the museum is laughable , and now 60 Palestinians have lodged a petition with several United Nations agencies in a bid to stop its construction .
Mamilla Cemetery , in the heart of Jerusalem , goes back to the earliest days of Islam in the 7th century AD .
Some of those buried here are said to include Muslims who personally knew the Prophet Mohammed , along with more recent scholars and leaders and even Muslim warriors who fought the Crusaders in the 12th century .
For centuries , thousands of graves have been dug on top of each other , at times four or five layers deep .
But Palestinians in Jerusalem fear that history is about to be erased forever .
Proof of inhabitation
Dyala Husseini , a Palestinian with hundreds of ancestors buried at the site , says the cemetery proves Muslim families have lived in the area for centuries .
" It is not only that it is sacred to us as a burial ground , but it proves our existence in Jerusalem as Palestinian and Muslim families since at least 800 , 900 years ago , " she said .
" This headstone , it says " Sleeps here , the Sheikh Badradeen Mustafah Zean , died in 1161 . "
Palestinian lawyer Diana Buttu says the Simon Wiesenthal Centre 's ' Museum of Tolerance ' name is laughable .
" We 've already seen tombstones that have been removed , there were times where we saw open graves with wires running through , where the bodies are located , " she said .
" And the idea of creating a museum of tolerance in such an intolerant way is very ironic and very disrespectful to the families and to those buried there . "
She says 60 Palestinian families are taking their case to the UN 's special rapporteur on religious freedom in the hope of generating international support for the case .
" There 's a hope that if there 's enough pressure brought to bear that the museum will actually stop rather than continue , " she said .
' Used to be a car park '
Privately though , Palestinians accept they have little chance of succeeding .
The Israeli Supreme Court already ruled in 2008 that Mamilla was no longer used as a cemetery and any bones found there could be moved .
And the Dean of the Simon Wiesenthal Centre , Rabbi Marvin Hier in Los Angeles , says for 50 years the museum site has been used as a car park .
" We 're building on the former municipal car park which for a half a century parked 1,000 cars a day and Muslims , Christians and Jews parked there , every single day , without any protest from any Muslim group for half a century , " he said .
" So they can appeal to the moon , the project is going forward . "
By Andy Dangerfield
BBC News
The planned arches would sit at each end of Brick Lane A plan to install headscarf - shaped arches at both ends of east London 's Brick Lane has been criticised by local artists and residents .
The arches are part of a £ 1.85 m " cultural trail " proposed by Tower Hamlets Council for the street .
But local residents , including artist Tracey Emin , have said the plans are culturally insensitive .
They say the design is similar to a Muslim hijab , rather than representing the area 's diverse communities .
Tower Hamlets Council said the £ 1.85 m scheme for the " cultural trail " included the arches , a tower and information boards that would highlight the history of the area .
It also said the trail along the street , which is known for its curry restaurants , art venues and trendy bars , would attract more tourists to the area .
The council has extended the deadline for complaints to 22 February .
' Territorialisation ' Tracey Emin , who lives just off Brick Lane , wrote a letter to the council , saying : " I sincerely object to these proposals the proposed material has no relevance to the heritage of the area or its future .
" I understand that the Jewish East End Celebration Society does not approve the concept overall and neither do the Spitalfields Trust nor the Spitalfields Society , as stated in the review of the consultation .
The cultural path aims to attract tourists to the area and boost local businesses and the economy
Tower Hamlets spokeswoman " I am shocked to learn that the scheme is budgeted at £ 2 m and I strongly feel that rubbish collections , vermin control , education and improved policing are more important to resolve . "
Local artist Brad Lochore said : " It seems absurd to be putting out the sign of a hijab .
" These are symbols of domination and repression .
It 's the wrong sign and it will mean trouble .
Its territorialisation for one minority group .
And that 's unacceptable . "
Will Palin , secretary of Save Britain 's Heritage , who was speaking as a local resident , said : " It is clearly based on a head scarf which does not represent the breadth and rich diversity of the area .
" The design is pointless and expensive when there are crumbling historic buildings in the area , desperate for funds . "
According to Tower Hamlets , the gates represent the diverse communities in the area who have historically worn headscarves , including some members of the Jewish community and the Huguenots , as well as some Muslim residents .
" The gates represent lots of different communities and how diverse and special Tower Hamlets is , " a council spokeswoman said .
" The cultural path aims to attract tourists to the area and boost local businesses and the economy . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
When I walked in the arena , I was expecting a blowout .
Not the Canadians and the Swiss .
Sadly , I watched that one on CTV 's streaming service .
By the time I was heading into the Russia - Slovakia game I had already had time to absorb and dissect the mini-upset .
Little chance of winning the group stage now , need a lot of help .
As we cleared security , I said to my buddy " Well , if Slovakia can get to OT tonight , we 'll still have a chance " .
He laughed .
We 'd seen the Slovaks play the night before against the Czechs .
They 'd played well in that game , probably deserving better than the 3 - 1 loss they got , but they 'd struggled against the size and skill of Jagr and we were expecting worse against Ovechkin , Malkin , and the rest of the new Big Red Machine .
via cdn.picapp.com
We headed through the gate towards our seats .
This was the 5th game I 'd attended this week and the second time I 'd sat in the lower bowl .
The night before I was between the TSN transformer stage and the media section in the 11th row .
For this game , we were in the exact opposite corner .
It 's easier to analyze the game and watch the play develop from higher up in the 300s , but nothing can really match the visceral experience of being closer to the action .
Especially at the Olympics , as the lower bowl is populated mostly by real fans who were dedicated ( and wealthy ) enough to spend the extra cash , rather than suits and business clients with corporate freebies .
As we took our seats , I was suprised how many Canadians were wearing Russian gear .
Alexander Ovechkin is an amazing player , and his charisma and the sheer joy he takes in the game make him incredibly likeable , but this is international competition and I can't imagine actively cheering for Russia .
The crowd was full of red , white , and blue flags , some Russian and some Slovakian .
Two Russians at the far end of the rink were waving gigantic flags on long poles that I 'm not entirely sure how they managed to carry through the crowds on the way in .
A Canadian fan was wearing giant foam versions of the Olympic mittens and I was thankful I was not sitting behind her .
The Russians were warming up in our end , and that 's a fun thing to watch .
You see oddly spectacular things , like Ovechkin juggling the puck on his stick as he skates around , or Federov getting stopped on a deke and then casually pivoting as he goes past the net , tapping in the rebound while it 's still 4 feet off the ice .
For the second game in a row , Malkin and Ovechkin seemed to be competing to see who could stay out longer .
Ovechkin won , and flipped a few pucks to the appreciative crowd as he left the ice .
It was at this point a strange man behind me offered me part of his pretzel .
I declined .
As the game began , there were empty seats to my left and in front of me .
With the hectic schedule of the games , I assumed that they belonged to fans who were still rushing in from other events .
While that turned out to be true for the ones beside me , the ones in front belonged to 4 obnoxious guys who had simply decided to have a few more drinks before getting to the game .
Overall , I 'd say that the crowd was pro-Slovakia , unless Alex Ovechkin had the puck .
Through the first period , every time he took it up the wing the whole crowd seemed to lean forward in anticipation .
The largest cheer in that frame went to a hit he put on an unfortunate Slovak along the boards .
As the period went on , I became quite impressed by the Slovakian team .
The guys who had struggled the night before - particularly Andrej Meszaros and Stumpel - had picked up their games for this one .
Demitra was flying .
The Slovaks managed to thwart the Russian attack effectively at the blue line , with Lubomir Visnovsky in particular doing a great job poking the puck off the attacker 's stick .
As the period closed tied at 0 , we bemoaned the age of the Slovaks .
Guys like Richard Zednik simply did n't look to have quite enough left to generate really good scoring chances from their possession .
Bryzgalov had stopped 10 shots , but many of them had been simple wristers into his crest with no rebound .
As has been stated here and elsewhere over this last little while , the Slovaks finally have a goalie , but the guys up front are too far past their prime to take advantage of it .
For many of these guys , this is their last shot and the know it .
While they were great in the first , that could n't last all game .
I 've watched Demitra for the Canucks this year .
That guy certainly can't play like this for an entire game , can he ?
Our entire section seemed to agree that as the game wore on the Russian skill and young legs would likely take over .
As the second began , it seemed like exactly that was happening .
The Russians had more possession , seemed to gain the zone more easily , looked more dangerous .
Shorthanded , Hossa dashed down the ice with Demitra and slid the puck over , but Bryzgalov robbed him .
Moments later , shortly after that penalty ended , Morozov ripped one top corner , and the Slovakians around us slumped .
The Russians had a brilliant chance to pad their lead later in the period when Lubo abandoned his side of the net , leaving Maxim Afinogenov wide open when Evgeni Malkin threaded the puck through , but Halak bailed him out .
The Russians poured the shots on , outshooting the Slovaks 16 - 5 for the period , but at the intermission there was optimism .
Slovakia was hanging around and the longer it went without the Russians padding the league , the more we felt like Slovakia could actually pull this off .
When the 3rd began , the Slovaks got a brilliant chance to tie it up .
A long 5 on 3 early seemed perfect .
Unfortunately , like the Germans against the Swedes , the underdog was unable to capitalize on the chance .
My friend and I were at that game as well , and I was starting to think this one might follow a similar script .
Scrappy underdog staying in it , but unable to score .
The Slovaks did not think much of that possibility .
As the period went on they thwarted the Russian attack at every turn and skated up ice in waves .
Finally , Marian Hossa got a chance for a one - timer , wide open in the high slot and buried it .
Tie game .
A beautiful feed from Demitra , who looked more like the unsung hero of the turn of the century Blues than the shadow of himself that has been skating around in a Canucks jersey the last couple years .
As the clock ticked towards overtime , the Slovaks got a fantastic opportunity to tie the game when Ilya Bryzgalov thought he covered the puck when it was sitting at the side of the net , but they could not bang one in .
Nether could the Russians though , so off to overtime .
At this point the Canadian fan in me is satisfied .
At worst , even terms with Russia in points and the edge in goal differential .
But the Slovaks would not let it end that way .
The shootout .
Stumpel first for Slovakia , a surprise .
But he makes it look easy with a beautiful deke to put the Slovaks up 1 - 0 .
The next 2 miss , and the crowd is on its feet for Ovechkin .
Halak gets a piece of it with his pad , but it 's not enough and the puck trickles in .
1 - 1. Hossa is stopped and a nervous moment while Pavel Datsyuk shoots for the win .
But the puck rolls away from him without a shot and we 're into extra shooters .
Tense moments as Ovechkin misses twice , but then Pavol Demitra is up .
He was poke checked his first attempt , but now a chance for redemption .
He rolls far out to the right and cuts to the net on his forehand .
As he comes across the net , Bryzgalov slides wtih him , but he aims back to the other post .
Softly , he flips it past Bryzgalov .
The crowd explodes .
The Slovakian players pour off the bench , and Demitra slides backwards towards centre , arms outstretched , soaking in the moment .
It 's a hell of a thing to watch a man realize he 's not done yet .
Usually it goes the other way .
And it still probably will for Demitra .
Injuries have slowed him and he can't be the impact player every day like he once was .
But for today he 's the hero .
We stand and cheer the teams as they shake hands , then disperse into an unseasonably beautiful Vancouver night .
When it is cold at home , or he has a couple of weeks with nothing to do but write his Times column , or when something unexpectedly stressful happens , like winning the Nobel Prize , the Princeton economist Paul Krugman and his wife , Robin Wells , go to St. Croix .
Here it is warm , and the days are longer , and the phone does n’t ring much .
Here they live in a one - bedroom condo they bought a few years ago , nothing fancy but right on the beach .
The condo’s walls are yellow and blue , the furniture is made of wicker , there are pillows and seashells .
There are tall , sprawling bougainvillea bushes along the side of the road .
Krugman and his wife , Robin Wells , at home with their cats , Doris Lessing and Albert Einstein .
Photograph by Tina Barney
“ We first fell in love with St. John , ” Krugman says .
“ It was New York lawyers who ’d decided to give up on the whole thing and live on a houseboat and wear their gray ponytails . ”
“ But St. John went too upscale , ” Wells says .
“ Our complex is more Midwesterners .
Retired car dealers and so on . ”
The east end of St. Croix is something of a tourist spot , but the west end , where they decided to settle , is where the Crucians live , and it has a Jimmy Buffett feel to it that they like .
In Frederiksted , the west end ’s tiny town , there are a couple of coffee shops , a KFC , a Wendy ’s , a few churches , a post office , and a promenade by the sea with concrete picnic tables .
Not many people about .
Farther out along the coast , there are beach bars with plastic chairs and Christmas lights , men with beards and very tanned middle - aged women sitting and smoking in the afternoon .
“ The west end is where the whites who ’ve gone native live , ” Wells says .
“ They have a couple of beach bars with not very good blues and jazz bands .
They were playing Neil Young as we went by the other night , and Paul said , ‘ Boy , that was an awful rendition . ’ ”
“ It was Buffalo Springfield . ”
“ Yes , Springfield , O.K . I said , ‘ Aging boomers , they love any rendition , no matter how bad . ’ ”
Here Krugman wears the same shirt for days , a short - sleeved plaid cotton shirt , and bathing trunks .
He sits in the room where they eat their breakfast , which has a long window open to the sea .
He types at a tiny table that folds out of a closet , which requires him to sit more or less inside the closet , but this is helpful , because the light can be so bright in the room that it becomes blinding .
If he turns his head , he can see the sky .
First thing when he wakes up , he checks out a few Web sites , and if he ’s not writing his column that day he and Wells will go for a walk on the beach , or they will stroll into Frederiksted and have breakfast at Polly ’s , a little coffee shop that serves iced lattes and pretty good egg burritos .
If he is writing his column , he will start it on the morning of the day it ’s due , and , if the spirit is with him , he will be done soon after lunch .
When he has a draft , he gives it to Wells to edit .
Early on , she edited a lot — she had , they felt , a better sense than he did of how to communicate economics to the layperson .
( She is also an economist — they met when she was a postdoc at M.I.T. and he was teaching there . )
But he ’s much better at that now , and these days she focusses on making him less dry , less abstract , angrier .
Recently , he gave her a draft of an article he ’d done for Rolling Stone .
He had written , “ As Obama tries to deal with the crisis , he will get no help from Republican leaders , ” and after this she inserted the sentence “ Worse yet , he ’ll get obstruction and lies . ”
Where he had written that the stimulus bill would at best “ mitigate the slump , not cure it , ” she crossed out that phrase and substituted “ somewhat soften the economic hardship that we face for the next few years . ”
Here and there , she suggested things for him to add .
“ This would be a good place to flesh out the vehement objections from the G.O.P. and bankers to nationalization , ” she wrote on page 9 .
“ Show us all their huffing and puffing before you dismiss it as nonsense in the following graf . ”
On the rare occasion when they disagree about something , she will be the one urging him to be more outraged or recalcitrant .
She pushed him to denounce the filibuster .
She wanted him to be more stubborn in holding out for the public option in the health - care bill .
He spent a few sleepless nights wrestling with his conscience about that but ultimately decided that a flawed bill was so much better than no bill at all that he had to support it .
“ You can get beaten down , ” he says .
“ When Robin and I started writing about health care , single payer was clearly the way to go .
And then bit by bit you start saying , ‘ O.K. , you take what you can get . ’
There ’s a trap I ’ve seen some people fall into — you let your vision of what should be get completely taken over by what appears possible right now — and that ’s something I ’m trying to avoid . ”
In the late afternoon , they lie on beach loungers underneath a clump of sea - grape trees , facing the ocean .
Krugman sips a piña colada through a straw and reads the galleys of a book about the financial crisis .
They were thinking of having dinner at a place in town , but then they discovered that there was to be an Elvis impersonator singing there , so they decided to go to the Sunset Grill , where the stereo is playing Wings .
It ’s getting buggy on the beach , and Wells hands Krugman a can of Off .
The tide is coming in .
Krugman puts his book down , eases himself out of his lounger , and , still wearing his hat and sunglasses , wades cautiously into the sea .
In his columns , Krugman is belligerently , obsessively political , but this aspect of his personality is actually a recent development .
His parents were New Deal liberals , but they were n’t especially interested in politics .
In his academic work , Krugman focussed mostly on subjects with little political salience .
During the eighties , he thought that supply - side economics was stupid , but he did n’t think that much about it .
Unlike Wells , who was so upset when Reagan was elected that she moved to England , Krugman found Reagan comical rather than evil .
“ I had very little sense of what was at stake in the tax issues , ” he says .
“ I was into career - building at that point and not that concerned . ”
He worked for Reagan on the staff of the Council of Economic Advisers for a year , but even that did n’t get him thinking about politics .
“ I feel now like I was sleepwalking through the twenty years before 2000 , ” he says .
“ I knew that there was a right - left division , I had a pretty good sense that people like Dick Armey were not good to have rational discussion with , but I did n’t really have a sense of how deep the divide went . ”
For the first twenty years of Krugman ’s adult life , his world was divided not into left and right but into smart and stupid .
“ The great lesson was the low level of discussion , ” he says of his time in Washington .
“ The then Secretary of the Treasury ” — Donald Regan — “ was not that bright , and you could have angry exchanges where neither side understood the policy . ”
Krugman was buoyed and protected in his youth by an intellectual snobbery so robust that distractions or snobberies of other sorts did n’t stand a chance .
“ When I was twenty - eight , I would n’t have had the time of day for some senator or other , ” he says .
Krugman ’s tribe was academic economists , and insofar as he paid any attention to people outside that tribe , his enemy was stupid pseudo - economists who did n’t understand what they were talking about but who , with attention - grabbing titles and simplistic ideas , persuaded lots of powerful people to listen to them .
He called these types “ policy entrepreneurs ” — a term that , by differentiating them from the academic economists he respected , was meant to be horribly biting .
He was driven mad by Lester Thurow and Robert Reich in particular , both of whom had written books touting a theory that he believed to be nonsense : that America was competing in a global marketplace with other countries in much the same way that corporations competed with one another .
In fact , Krugman argued , in a series of contemptuous articles in Foreign Affairs and elsewhere , countries were not at all like corporations .
While another country ’s success might injure our pride , it would not likely injure our wallets .
Quite the opposite : it would be more likely to provide us with a bigger market for our products and send our consumers cheaper , better - made goods to buy .
A trade surplus might be a sign of weakness , a trade deficit a sign of strength .
And , anyway , a nation ’s standard of living was determined almost entirely by its productivity — trade was just not that important .
“ Security should have given you a more thorough patdown . ”
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
When Krugman first began writing articles for popular publications , in the mid-nineties , Bill Clinton was in office , and Krugman thought of the left and the right as more or less equal in power .
Thus , there was no pressing need for him to take sides — he would shoot down idiocy wherever it presented itself , which was , in his opinion , all over the place .
He thought of himself as a liberal , but he was a liberal economist , which was n’t quite the same thing as a regular liberal .
Until the late nineties , when he became absorbed by what was going wrong with Japan , he believed that monetary policy , rather than government spending , was all that was needed to avoid recessions : he agreed with Milton Friedman that if only the Fed had done its job better the Great Depression would never have happened .
He thought that people who wanted to boycott Nike and other companies that ran sweatshops abroad were sentimental and stupid .
Yes , of course , those foreign workers were n’t earning American wages and did n’t have American protections , but working in a sweatshop was still much better than their alternatives — that ’s why they chose to work there .
Moreover , sweatshops really were n’t the threat to American workers that the left claimed they were .
“ A back - of - the - envelope calculation . . . suggests that capital flows to the Third World since 1990 . . . have reduced real wages in the advanced world by about 0.15 % , ” he wrote in 1994 .
That was not nothing , but it certainly was n’t anything to get paranoid about .
The world needed more sweatshops , not fewer .
Free trade was good for everyone .
He felt that there was a market hatred on the left that was as dogmatic and irrational as government hatred on the right .
In writing his first popular book , “ The Age of Diminished Expectations , ” he became preoccupied by the way that inequality had vastly increased in the Reagan years .
( Interestingly for an economist , Krugman believes that the political often determines the economic , rather than the other way around ; he believes that the increase in inequality in the U.S. since the sixties is a product less of economic factors — the development of technology , say , leading to the greater importance of skills and education — than of political decisions about taxation and unions . )
After the book was published , in 1990 , various people denied that inequality had increased , and this really annoyed him .
He began to get into fights .
He was taken aback by the 1994 midterm elections , and during the impeachment hearings he began to think that the Republicans were getting pretty radical , but he still was n’t angry about it .
“ Some of my friends tell me that I should spend more time attacking right - wingers , ” he wrote in 1998 .
“ The problem is finding things to say .
Supply - siders never tire of proclaiming that taxes are the root of all evil , but reasonable people do get tired of explaining , over and over again , that they are n’t . ”
Certainly until the Enron scandal , Krugman had no sense that there was any kind of problem in American corporate governance .
( He consulted briefly for Enron before he went to the Times . )
Occasionally , he received letters from people claiming that corporations were cooking the books , but he thought this sounded so implausible that he dismissed them .
“ I believed that the market was enforcing , ” he says .
“ I believed in the S.E.C . I just never really thought about it .
It seemed like a pretty sunny world in 1999 , and , for all of my cynicism , I shared a lot of that .
The extent of corporate fraud , the financial malfeasance , the sheer viciousness of the political scene — those are all things that , ten years ago , I did n’t see . ”
Same as Rahm and Obama ?
Americans loved [ the speech ] .
A majority of voters in 1992 were old enough to remember what America was like under the 1940 - 1981 New Deal era , when a single worker with a good job had health care , a pension , and could raise a family and buy a home ; when the GI bill educated millions ; when hospitals and health insurance companies in nearly every state were required by law to be not - for - profit organizations , and health care was inexpensive and widely available .
And they noticed that the twelve years of Reagan and Bush had begun the process of shattering that historic era ; that the middle class was slipping away ; that government had become remote and hostile rather than protecting the rights of workers and the middle class .
Americans elected Clinton based on his FDR - style rhetoric .
They were looking forward to a return to the golden age of America 's middle class .
They were ready for the New Covenant , and , apparently , so was Bill Clinton -- there is every sign that he actually believed his own rhetoric .
On all this , he won the election in November , and spent that month and December preparing his New Covenant programs to restore the American middle class .
Until January .
As Adam Curtis brilliantly points out in a special documentary series he did for the BBC titled The Trap , a few weeks before Bill Clinton was to be sworn into office as president of the United States , he was visited by Goldman , Sachs CEO Robert Rubin ( who had just taken a $ 40 million paycheck for his last year with Goldman , and would soon become the head of Clinton 's economic team tasked with carrying out the " New Covenant " ) and Alan Greenspan .
Rubin and Greenspan sat the young new president down and told him the facts of life as they saw them .
Clinton would not govern as an FDR liberal ; instead he must cut government , " free " trade , and reduce regulation of business .
Clinton complied , and has been richly rewarded .
In his second inaugural address , he declared , " The era of big government is over . "
The philosophy represented by Rubin and Greenspan does n't believe in government as a solution to much of anything other than wars and crime .
As true classic conservatives in the mold of Sir Edmund Burke and Thomas Hobbes , many modern libertarians and neoliberals do n't even believe in democracy ( as any libertarian will honestly admit : they call it " the tyranny of the majority " ) .
Instead , because they believe in the inherently evil nature of most humans , they held that a small ruling elite of " good people , " and " wise people , " must concentrate wealth and power ( the first fuels the second , by and large ) in a small number of hands , out of the reach of what the first American conservative president John Adams called " the rabble " ( us ! ) .
My best bud , Roland , is a dedicated public school teacher in Compton .
He called this morning to tell me all his colleagues were buzzing about Utah Republicans trying to eliminate the 12th grade .
" They do n't know about the Mormons , " he said ; " never gave it much thought except how they put up the money to defeat gay marriage . "
I guess they never saw September Dawn and do n't watch South Park or ... this ( which has been removed , under pressure , from both YouTube and Vimeo and is only available in freer countries , in this case , France ) .
The bill , temporarily withdrawn , is the brainchild of arch conservative Republican Sen.
Chris Buttars , an implacable , hate - filled foe of public education , gays , minorities .
What I explained to Roland today is that organized , hierarchal religious organizations are , by their nature , supporters of the status quo and extremely conservative .
Obvious scams like Mormonism and Scientology may seem more ridiculous and absurd than most of these organizations but they are n't inherently any more or less conservative .
Each , though , requires followers with no capacity for critical thought .
It is why education has always been a target of hatred for religious organizations and for conservatives .
Buttars is hardly the first right - wing extremist to persuade ordinary voters that education is n't the way out of poverty for their children , but some kind of dark , conspiratorial enemy .
It 's widely acknowledged in Washington that Virginia Foxx ( R - NC ) is the least intelligent member of Congress .
She has no influence at all and is generally thought of as an embarrassing laughing stock -- by her own Republican caucus !
But she has been a successful politician in a sprawling , rural North Carolina district and has campaigned -- with a straight face -- against public education ( and public everything else ) , even as thehas paid for her own education ( a bad deal for everyone all around ) , for her healthcare and her family 's healthcare and , in fact , has paid her salary for 27 years .
Foxx recognizes that an educated population is the enemy of conservatism and it's why she -- and Buttars and Republicans like them -- are always trying to undermine public education .
As I mentioned before , I 'm finding a great deal of insight in Thom Hartmann 's latest book , Threshold -- The Crisis Of Western Culture .
Let me share with you a few paragraphs that pertain to the threat to society by the kind of destructive conservatism represented by extremists like Buttars and Foxx .
Hartmann framed his argument in the light of Bill Clinton 's New Covenant speech at Georgetown University in the fall of 1991 and then goes on to explain the nature of conservatism from there .
The Curtis series that Hartmann refers to , , is available , in pieces , on YouTube .
I grabbed one so you 'll get an idea , although it 's important to watch the whole thing .
I think if you watch this segment , you will ( unless you 're so overwhelmed with grief that you just can't ) :
Labels : Bill Clinton , Buttars , Mormons , public education , Robert Rubin , the nature of conservatism , Thom Hartmann , Virginia Foxx
Project
It 's Not About Statues , It 's About Liberation
24 June 2020
Writer and broadcaster Afua Hirsch speaks on the role that statues play in the telling of our collective history .
EA Reveals Release Windows of Major Games : Crysis 2 , New Dragon Age , Sims and Much More
Wonder no more , as the company today issued a breakdown of its major titles through March 2011 , including release windows for Crysis 2 , Dead Space 2 , Medal of Honor , the new shooter coming out of Epic and People Can Fly , " something far - reaching from Mass Effect , " another Dragon Age , a new Spore entry , and much much more .
Also , do n't fret that BioWare 's MMO Star Wars : The Old Republic is n't on the list .
The company has previously stated that it is aiming for a Spring 2011 launch -- a timeframe that conveniently extends a bit beyond the below list 's end date of March 31 , 2011 .
Westergaard 's Life Sentence Muhammad Cartoonist Defiant After Attack
Four years ago , Kurt Westergaard triggered a bitter clash of cultures with his cartoon depicting the Prophet Muhammad .
On New Year 's Day , a young Muslim from Somalia tried to kill him with a knife and an ax .
Despite having to live under constant protection , the Danish cartoonist refuses to give up .
Von Henryk M. Broder
In a previous post , I talked about Internet Explorer 8′s wide array of browser and document modes .
Most people are pretty familiar with how the various document modes affect layout in terms of how CSS is implemented , but what has been lost is how the document mode affects the core JavaScript engine in the browser .
These changes are somewhat subtle , but important to understand when you ’re working with Internet Explorer 8 .
A couple of years ago , Microsoft published a paper called , JScript Deviations from ES3 , in which they outlined ways in which the JScript engine ( the one power Internet Explorer ’s JavaScript ) had deviated from the ECMAScript 3 standard .
These deviations are somewhat innocuous , but chances are that you ’ve been bitten by one or more of them at some point in the past .
In Microsoft ’s attempt to make Internet Explorer 8 more standards - compliant , the same issues that arose around CSS also arose around JavaScript .
They could fix the deviations in JScript , but if the browser were running in IE5 or IE7 document modes , there could be problems as these fixes might be incompatible with the code targeting those browsers .
Microsoft chose to create versioned features of the JScript engine for Internet Explorer 8 .
For IE5 and IE7 document modes , the JScript engine acts as it did in the actual Internet Explorer 7 , complete with all deviations from ECMAScript 3 .
When in IE8 document mode , the deviations are gone and you get the full power of the JScript engine .
Native JSON
Internet Explorer 8′s JScript engine implements the native JSON object object as defined by ECMAScript 5 .
The object is only present , however , when the page is running in IE8 document mode .
This includes the global JSON object as well as methods used for JSON functionality :
Date.prototype.toJSON ( )
Number.prototype.toJSON ( )
String.prototype.toJSON ( )
Boolean.prototype.toJSON ( )
The JSON object and these methods in IE5 or IE7 document mode are undefined .
Note : Even though Date.prototype.toJSON ( ) is supported in IE8 document , Date.prototype.toISOString( ) is not implemented .
This is strange because they return the same value .
DOM getters / setters
One of the more curious aspects of the JScript engine is that it implements ECMAScript 5 getters and setters , but only for DOM objects and not for native JavaScript objects .
The implementation is made up of half - baked versions of Object.defineProperty ( ) and Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptor( ) that primarily support the get and set properties .
For example :
Object.defineProperty(document.body , " active " , { set : function ( value ) { document.body.className = ( value !== false ) ?
" active " : " " ; } , get : function ( ) { return document.body.className == " active " ; } } ) ; var descriptor = Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptor(document.body , " innerHTML " ) ; alert ( descriptor.get ) ; //displays function
Both methods are only available in IE8 document mode and do not exist in other document modes .
Arrays
One of the areas where the JScript implementation really fell apart was in dealing with arrays .
Arrays had the most deviations from the ECMAScript 3 standard and were a constant source of headaches for developers .
First , if undefined is passed into join ( ) , the argument was translated into the string “ undefined ” and that was used to concatenate the items .
For example :
var colors = [ " red " , " green " , " blue " ] ; alert ( colors.join( undefined ) ) ; //" redundefinedgreenundefinedblue " in IE7
When running in IE8 document mode , a value of undefined is ignored and the default separator ( a comma ) is used .
The unshift ( ) method , which pushes an item to the front of the array , also had a deviation in JScript .
Instead of returning the length of the array after adding the item , it simply returned undefined .
In IE8 document mode , this has been fixed so that unshift ( ) correctly returns the array length .
The last big change to arrays is the ability to properly inherit from the Array type .
Dean Edwards has a whole post about trying to create a subtype of Array and the problems he encountered .
The biggest problem is that assigning an instance of Array to be another constructor ’s prototype meant that the length property would no longer work .
Consider the following :
function MyArray ( ) { } MyArray.prototype = new Array ( ) ; MyArray.prototype.get = function ( i ) { return this [ i ] ; } ; var colors = new MyArray ( ) ; colors.push ( " red " ) ; colors.push ( " green " ) ; colors.sort ( ) ; alert ( colors.get ( 0 ) ) ; //" green " alert ( colors.length ) ; //in IE7 , outputs " 0 " ; in IE8 , outputs " 2 "
In Internet Explorer prior to 8 , the length property of any Array type descendant did n’t change automatically , and so inheritance was only truly useful only for non-IE browsers .
In IE8 document mode , though , the length property works as it does in other browsers while IE5 and IE7 document modes use the old deviated behavior .
Miscellaneous fixes
There ’s a small group of fixes that can’t really be logically categorized but nonetheless help JScript come more into agreement with other JavaScript implementations .
The first is that object literals now allow trailing commas .
Prior to Internet Explorer 8 , the following would cause a parse error :
var object = { name : " value " , } ;
The trailing comma after the last property value is explicitly allowed by ECMAScript 3 syntax and is allowed in all other browsers .
IE8 document mode now also supports this syntax correctly ( other document modes still throw the error ) .
Another nice enhancement is that IE8 document mode now allows access to characters in a string via bracket notation :
var s = " Hello world ! " ; alert ( s [ 0 ] ) ; //"
H "
This brings JScript into line with other JavaScript engines ; IE5 and IE7 document modes will still return undefined .
Two other changes that likely do n’t affect you but are worth noting :
Number.prototype.toPrecision ( ) used to throw an error when undefined was passed in .
IE8 document mode now defaults to calling Number.prototype.toString ( ) in this case .
used to throw an error when was passed in .
IE8 document mode now defaults to calling in this case .
Error.prototype.toString ( ) has been properly implemented to provide better error messages .
Conclusion
IE8 document mode offers a whole host of improvements over Internet Explorer 7 not just in CSS but also in JavaScript .
If you ’re looking to write the most standards - compliant code possible , make sure your page is being run on Internet Explorer 8 in IE8 document mode ( see my previous post for details ) .
Bringing JScript into line with other JavaScript engines is an incredibly important step .
It ’s too bad that these details were pretty much overlooked in the Internet Explorer 8 announcements .
There has been a bit of back and forth because of this .
I decided to respond to the response , because some of it is just so fucking stupid .
It ’s just beyond what I can leave unanswered .
Here it is :
I know , complaining about dumb MRAs being dumb is like complaining that rain is wet .
But since an MRA has gone to the trouble of ‘ critiquing ’ our What ’s Wrong with Pornography page , and since we ’ve had a handful of hits through , and I ’ve got a half - hour to kill , I thought I might as well make the most of this ‘ teachable moment ’ .
Well , yes … complaining about MRA ’s being dumb is a different matter , but since you established that you are complaining about the dumb ones being dumb , I guess we let that one slide .
The original post is here .
You do n’t need to click through to it ( and give the guy extra page hits ) , I ’m quoting him in full here ( including , in bold , the original WWwP material he quotes ) .
I ’m not going to re-include the original post , but only the response to the response , for the sake of brevity .
Some continuity might be lost , but everything is linked .
WARNING : some of the language used here , and some of the links , may be disturbing or triggering .
Okay , I ’ll repeat that , some of the language here is not great .
I have already dropped a couple of f- bombs and really , really want to drop more .
The fact that the “ actual physical sexual contact ” is real is the point !
Whether or not Chad and Randy really are qualified plumbers , or whether that really is the woman ’s home and not a porn set , is really not that important .
No , the distress may not be real .
In a piece of porn where a woman is kidnapped and raped , she actually was n’t kidnapped , she drove to the set , went to wardrobe , had her hair and makeup done , and then hit the set .
Very different from reality .
In some cases ( and yes , there are porn films out there with blooper reels and everything ) the actress may have tried to do something and cracked up laughing , then the director cuts , the fluffers ( if needed ) come out and get the guys ready again , the camera guys finish their cigarette and they start up again .
It ’s a movie , and even the sex may involve many different takes , angles to make things look more than they really are , fluids that are actually special effects ( yes , ejaculate is often expanded ) .
Hell , there is often a stunt cock as the actor who was involved in the sex may be saving himself so he can perform in his next scene .
When porn is dismissed as ‘ just fantasy ’ , it is dismissing the importance of the real lived experience of the women used to make it , it is saying they are not real people and they do n’t feel real pain .
Every sexual image you see in pornography has to happen , for real , to a real woman , whether it ’s a woman being subjected to a triple anal , or being penetrated by ten men in a row then thrown in a dumpster in an alley , or being penetrated while having her head flushed down the toilet .
Even if the only women in the world to be subjected to these things were the women filmed to make porn , it would still matter , because those women matter .
That is pretty stupid .
Of course those women matter , but most of the things you are talking about are extremely rare in porn .
Triple Anal ?
Not exactly a mainstream piece of porn there .
Gonzo porn does exist .
There is a market for it but it is not the majority of porn , nor even close to the majority .
The “ incidents surrounding it ” , if we are talking about the ‘ features ’ porn ( which has some kind of a plot ) made by the big LA production companies , will be contrived , and this is not at all important .
There are also big LA production companies making gonzo porn , which is just recorded scenes with no plot and talking to the camera , which claims and appears to all be real , not contrived or scripted .
Again , you are discounting the fact that in most of the porn out there , the filming process looks nothing like the finished product .
Believe it or not , many of the actors and actresses are taking breaks during a single scene .
There is also a huge amount of ‘ amateur ’ porn , this may be ‘ professional ’ porn made to look amateur , or it may simply be a recording , made with or with out all the participant ’s consent / knowledge , of sex acts , that themselves may or may not be consensual .
Um … do n’t know where to start with this .
Amateur porn is by definition amateur and is n’t part of porn releasing and distribution channels .
Quite simply , it is n’t something that society can approve or disapprove , is happens in the cracks .
If it is pro porn made to look amateur , the same stuff about retakes , breaks , etc all applies .
Ah , that old canard !
Let us assume that he is only talking about porn produced by the big LA production companies , that he has not considered the fact that any man with a camera and internet access can become a pornographer , and that any filmed rape becomes pornography .
Well , if you film a real rape and then distribute it ( and I ’m not claiming it does n’t happen ) then you are a moron .
That is illegal by the way .
For the record , a huge number of women have become pornographers as a result of having a camera and internet access .
In fact , so many of them that it is starting to kill the mainstream porn industry .
See , much of the amateur , filmed from home porn is run by the women in it .
They are getting a huge slice of that pie , and working without someone telling them how to do it .
I will go back to this when we talk about body types .
Let ’s assume he is unaware that the women trafficked into prostitution around the world are also used to make pornography , or that US pornographers are now travelling to the developing world to make their ‘ rape camp ’ pornography , where they can take advantage of the desperate poverty , the lack of interest paid by the authorities , and Western males ’ demands for pornography that satisfies the intersection of their racism and their woman - hating .
( See : Hughes , Donna M. ( 2000 ) .
‘” Welcome to the Rape Camp ” .
Sexual Exploitation and the Internet in Cambodia ’.
Journal of Sexual Aggression , 6 , double issue : 29 - 51 . )
As a consumer of porn , I can honestly say I have n’t ever seen this kind of porn .
Does n’t mean it does n’t exist , merely that it is outside of the mainstream ( or maybe very far outside of the mainstream ) .
The human traficking thing turns out to be a great deal less than it was made out to be , and many of the sources of information on it ’s scope have turned out to be beyond suspect .
Just looking at the big LA production companies does n’t paint an encouraging picture .
Women may ‘ chose ’ to enter the porn industry ( assuming you have no problem with the coercion of poverty itself ) , but once there , she may find she lacks real choice about what happens to her , and lacks choice about leaving .
Well , that is true of some studios .
Not true of others .
By driving porn underground you encourage the ones that are worse and discourage the ones that are better , but again , the internet is really acting as a leveler by allowing more women to be the content creators and distribution channels all in one .
The fact that so many of them choose to do it for free does n’t change this fact .
We have the experience of Lara Roxx , who contracted HIV on a porn set :
Roxx ’s interview with AVN itself shows the fluidity of “ consent ” in these matters .
“ I told [ my manager ]
I was n’t interested in anal at all , and I was a little freaky about the no-condom thing too , ” she said .
On arriving at the film shoot , she was pressured into performing the “ double anal ” scene by the director , Marc Anthony .
She says : “ So I get there and Marc Anthony tells me it ’s a DA , which stands for double anal .
And I ’m like , ‘ What ?
I ’ve never done a double anal ’ .
And he was like , ‘ Well , that ’s what we need .
It ’s either that or nothing ’ .
And that ’s how they do it …
I think that sucks , because he knew double anal was dangerous . ”
Later , she says , she was in pain and could not sit down .
Yes , this is unfortunate and I feel really bad for Lara .
I think that the director was a bad human being and a complete shithead .
Again , the further from the mainstream you are , the more shitheads .
Cockroaches run from the light .
All the women in the industry have ‘ managers ’ ( who act more like pimps ) who have an interest in having them do more and more extreme acts because they get a cut of the money .
They work in collusion with the pornographers to manipulate and coerce the women to do more and more extreme sex acts .
No , not all women have managers who act more like pimps .
Some women have managers who act more like managers and some self manage .
This was the case with Felicity in the documentary Hardcore .
She started out saying she would n’t do anal , or work without a condom .
Her manager / pimp took her to see a porn shoot where ten men where having sex with one woman , and he was filmed by the documentary makers constantly trying to bully and manipulate and wear her down .
Eventually he took her to see Max Hardcore : When Max Hardcore finally arrived , he took Felicity into his office for what she , and I , thought would simply be an interview .
But it was n’t .
Within seconds of their meeting , he pushed her over his desk , unzipped his flies , and began having sex with her .
Felicity was obviously very scared .
And yet I kept my camera running .
During the later shoot , Felicity ran off set because Hardcore had forced his penis down her throat to cause her to suffocate .
Hardcore followed her , and tried to get her back on the set , first of all flattering her , telling her how unique and special she was ( disturbingly , these are the exact same words another woman who had worked with Hardcore used to describe herself during an interview in the documentary ) .
When that did n’t work , he stared screaming and swearing at her , at which point the documentary crew intervened to get her out of there ( which is something that professional documentary makers will very rarely do ) .
There is no reason to think that there is anything unique about any of the above .
A blanket statement like ‘ they chose to be there ’ is meaningless .
There is a huge reason to believe that these experiences are not the rule , they are reported by some women in some circumstances , but I think that if Vivid or NinnWorx ever did something like that , it would destroy them .
Again , make it so that a porn actress can actually have Max Hardcore arrested by making porn more common and accepted .
No , a construction worker is not paid , specifically , to fall off scaffolding , and a soldier is not paid , specifically , to get killed .
Both are unintended consequences of the jobs of being a construction worker or being a soldier , and health and safety measures , such as correct training and proper equipment will minimise these risks ( more so with the case of construction workers than soldiers of course ; being a soldier will never be ‘ safe ’ in the conventional sense , and the above statement is in no way an endorsement of the military , militarism or the military - industrial complex .
Nor is it a dismissal of how poverty acts as a de facto draft , in the US in particular ) .
With pornography , the risk , the violence , the damage , is not an unintended consequence of the work , it is the work .
A woman is not subjected to a triple anal without condoms by accident , because there was a temporary slip in h&s standards , she is subjected to it because it is the work .
A porn actress is paid to have sex on camera .
That is the job .
For many it is a horrible job , for some it is a job they enjoy .
There are responsible , 100 % condom companies and there are slimebag companies and everything in between .
Again , driving it underground kills vivid and lets max hardcore keep raping actresses .
This is a feminist blog , which means being unapologetically for and about women .
Yes , porn is bad for men too , they go bankrupt paying to access it , they ca n’t form meaningful relationships after using it , and some men may feel bad about their bodies because of it ( which would n’t be surprising , as women are already getting their genitals mutilated to conform to the porn standard ) , ( although men do have Ron Jeremy ) .
This is not a good thing .
But it seems to me that whenever men bring up a ‘ what about the poor men ? ’ argument , they have no real interest in the welfare of other men , they just want an excuse to bash feminists .
If you think porn harms men , do something about it .
Maybe that ’s part of the problem .
Maybe when you decide that one gender is worth protecting and the other one is n’t you lose the moral high ground .
Addressed more in a moment .
It ’s women that the porn industry chews up and spits out , as anonymous when they started as when they finished .
Women have a very short ‘ career ’ in the porn industry , due to the demand for ‘ very young girls ’ and the very physically gruelling nature of the work itself .
Women become ‘ veterans ’ of the porn industry in their early 20s .
This is just more ‘ what about the poor men ? ’ whining .
Men tend to have heart attacks as a result of ingesting mass amounts of Viagra since they make roughly a tenth of what women do in the industry and in order to make it financially viable they need to perform a lot .
The ones that do make a decent living ( like Ron Jeremy ) still earn a lot less than the women ( Ron is the biggest male name in porn , who do you think makes more , him or Jenna Jamieson ) .
Well it clearly is , for any woman who has experienced men being manipulative and forceful , and has been subjected to cruel and degrading treatment .
You seem to think that the men who subject women to cruel and degrading treatment are doing so because of porn .
History does n’t seem to bear that out .
Some men are cruel and like to degrade women ( for the record some women are cruel and like to degrade men ) .
Those men may like to watch porn about women being degraded and treated in a cruel manner .
Some men would never treat a live woman that way , but it may be part of their fantasy life for whatever reason , and they like to watch it on film .
Hell , some people are into S&M and enjoy watching that , and that includes both men and women .
One of the main tenets of MRA ‘ thought ’ is that violence against women ( physical / domestic / sexual ) is rare and shocking , and the few times it does occur , it occurs outside of the context of mainstream society , and is perpetrated by psychopaths , not otherwise ‘ normal ’ men .
( The other main tenet is that evil feminists invent the vast majority of incidents of violence against women , for the sole purpose of going against nature and using the state to control men . )
There is a lot of this minimisation and denial in what this MRA is saying , and I will deal with each instance as it occurs .
This is not a main tenet of MRA thought ( and believe me , I have issues with MRA ’s as well and took a pro feminist tack in a guest post on Glenn Sacks at one point so I ’m not just saying that to defend my own camp ) .
It is a tenet of the Mens Rights movement that there is exaggeration as to the amount of abuse .
There is evidence to back up that claim as well .
The one in four stat is simply a bad stat and the numbers are actually much different .
Also , the amount of female violence against men is much higher than we are led to believe and according to a recent study done in Scotland , female on male domestic violence is actually higher in couples under 30 than the reverse .
This is a cultural shift , but not as big a one as you might believe as the two were always fairly close ( men are less likely to initiate single partner violence , but often do more damage in unarmed violence , women are more likely to use weapons and are more likely to initiate single partner violence ) .
But it clearly has that function .
Robert Jensen , in his book Getting off : Pornography and the End of Masculinity describes attending sex industry trade fairs , and meeting lots of young men who think porn is great because it shows them what women like .
Young men are completely open about ‘ learning ’ sex from porn : “ Basically , ” agrees Lee , “ you ’re copying what you ’ve seen , but you ’re trying to turn it into your own , put your own twist on it .
That ’s how I ’ve experienced life , really , through porn .
It ’s like a seed that gets put in your brain . ”
True , many young men learn about sex ( at least to some degree ) from porn .
That is n’t actually an indictment of porn , but instead is an indictment of the lack of meaningful sex education .
It ’s actually kind of a stupid point
Those making the comparison between porn and violent films often miss the point .
Yes , anyone old enough to watch a violent movie is old enough to understand that it is faked , the explosions and blood and guts and starships and aliens are all fake .
But there is still an underlying message , an act of propaganda to all media ; for example the representations of Arabs in US movies post 9/11 ( and not only post 9/11 ) acted as propaganda for invasion .
The propaganda of pornography is one of male dominance and female submission , in other words , the status quo .
No , the image of porn is n’t male dominance , the image of some porn is male dominance .
The fact of the matter is , that there are a lot of movies showing women in the dominant position .
It ’s a common thing and really , it ’s a fantasy for many men .
It does lead to some confusion of sexuality though .
The fact of the matter is that by and large men are more sexual than women .
I have know a few who were very sexual but for the most part , other women did n’t like them .
Porn shows women who are as sexual as men , and since some men believe in it , they end up feeling rejected when life does n’t bear it out .
As blogger Violet Socks points out : Humans are cultural animals .
TV / movies / records / pornography are a means of cultural transmission , just like any other medium or form of communication .
Nowadays , in fact , these are our primary means of cultural transmission .
And everybody knows that .
That ’s why people object to racist depictions or homophobia or even the absence of positive onscreen role models for minorities .
Because all that ’s part of our cultural transmission , part of how we share and exchange and teach values and ideas .
The advertising industry is a multibillion - dollar industry as well , and manufacturers spend that amount of money because it works , it makes us want things .
Add to that the physiological and psychological reinforcement of orgasm ( as blogger Kenzie points out : “ Oxytocin is know as the love hormone .
Mothers and babies both have extraordinarily high levels of this hormone in the period just after birth , when they are experiencing a period of powerful bonding [ … ] it ’s the biggie that we produce when we orgasm ” ) , and you have a pretty powerful form of propaganda in pornography .
Wow , that was just a huge load of nothing .
Thing is , the variety of porn that exists is huge .
You talk like it was all the same , but it is n’t , and it does n’t send the same messages .
Check out NinnWorx sometime , or the new Miss Lucifer productions .
Very different messages .
Well thank goodness for that !
Some poor man is n’t going to have his life ruined by “ having some early trips in how reality works ” !
Forget the consequences for the women he ‘ trips over ’ he ’s going to be ok !
The man in question is probably not going to be a rapist who destroys a woman before he wakes up , he ’s probably just going to suck in bed until he meets a woman who is self confident enough to tell him what he ’s getting wrong .
Odds are good that women will be one who watches porn .
We have never claimed that violence against women occurs solely due to pornography .
We live in a patriarchy , and there are lots of messages about how men are supposed to treat women .
Pornography is patriarchal propaganda , and powerful propaganda too , it makes domination sexy .
A whole lot of porn does n’t make domination sexy , and , sometimes , domination is sexy .
Both sexes have that urge at times .
There are men who love to be tied up , and there are women who love to be tied up .
It ’s just part of our sexuality .
It ’s also not wrong .
Also , many males have grown up in a world where feminism has been a major part of their life , with mothers who are feminists , teachers who are feminists , friends who are feminists .
Truth to tell , I believe the tales of the past , but ca n’t really understand them on an emotional level because I have never lived in a world where women were expected to cook , clean and get coffee .
In my world the women were actually the power and to a large degree men were second class citizens .
This is true for many men today , and it means that those cultural patriarchal messages you are talking about just are n’t part of our wold .
What we have here is a massive amount of rape denial and victim blaming – if a man is “ overtly aggressive ” the woman can just tell him to stop and he will !
The number one rape myth is that rape happens because women do n’t say no clearly enough .
Being a bit overly aggressive during sex and raping someone are two totally different thing .
Most men will stop if they are going too far , the ones that wo n’t are rapists .
Most men really , really do n’t like rapists .
Rapists have a hard time of it in prison , because they often get raped … even if they are n’t really rapists , but were falsely accused ( and yes , it does happen , it looks like it might happen in 25 % or of the cases out there ) .
What counts as “ overtly aggressive ” behaviour ?
A man pestering his partner for sex after she has said no ?
A man going into a woman ’s room and getting into her bed after she has let him sleep on her couch ?
A man grabbing a woman around the throat ( a common act in gonzo porn ) once they have initiated sex ?
A man , with two of his friends , grabbing a woman and dragging her off into an alleyway ?
Some girls like to be grabbed around the throat .
There is nothing wrong with them .
A man who pesters his partner for sex after she has said no is probably being rude , but there are subtleties there .
If a man gets into a womans bed after being allowed to sleep on the couch and she has n’t given him an indication that she is cool with that , then he is wrong , buts signals get crossed and a strong no may need to happen sometimes .
It happens the other way around too , more than you might think .
Grabbing a woman and dragging her into an alleyway is simply rape unless the whole thing was done by prior arrangement and is a fantasy fulfillment ( his or hers by the way ) .
Some women can and do talk or fight their way out of attempted rape , but lots of women can’t , for reasons for which they are absolutely not to blame .
A woman may be frail , or disabled , or ill , she may be drugged or drunk , a young child may not understand what is happening to her .
It may simply be the case that the “ overtly aggressive ” behaviour has terrified her , and she does n’t fight back because she does n’t want to be killed .
Overly aggressive behaviour that is part of a consensual sex act is different from overly aggressive behaviour to initiate a sex act .
Put another way , if a man and women are in the middle of the act and he starts calling her names , she might be into it , but if she is n’t then it ’s probably going to ruin the experience for her ( again , goes both way , both genders do it ) .
If it overly aggressive behaviour to get her into bed , that ’s probably rape .
Surveys of teenage girls show that they are facing high levels of relationship violence including pressure to engage in sexual activity .
Yes , that is true .
It has always been true .
It ’s also not due to porn , and in fact it turns out that societies with more access to porn often have far lower levels of rape and domestic abuse .
His claim only works if you believe that rape and sexual violence are rare or unusual occurrences ; that we do n’t live in a rape society ( one of the main forms of propaganda for which is pornography ) .
Prove that we do live in a rape society .
Levels of rape and domestic violence are much lower in westernized society than in much of the world or most of history .
So he is admitting that there is violence against women after all , even that plenty of men do it !
But nope , it ’s nothing to do with the society the person was raised in ( a patriarchal society that includes pornography and a saturation of pornified images ) , it ’s “ simple problems ” ( but where do these “ problems ” come from ? ) – as if violent men just need to be taken aside and given a quick talking to – which is more minimisation of male violence ; or we can blame the mother ( I ’m willing to bet that that ’s the real meaning behind the gender neutral ‘ parents ’ ) .
Oddly enough our saturated society has less rape than other places or times .
So yeah , the issue lies with the individual in that we are in a society that has made rape far less acceptable than it ever has been anywhere .
Also , by jumping to we can blame the mother you are setting up a strawman .
Unless you have actual evidence that this is what he meant , saying it is worse than useless .
This is complete and utter nonsense , you cannot define masculinity without also defining femininity ; they are two sides of the same coin .
Why do men desire to be masculine ?
Where do the ideas for what is and is n’t part of ‘ masculine culture ’ come from ?
Even if your only definition of ‘ masculine culture ’ is ‘ hanging out with the boys ’ , you have already made a distinction between people who are men and people who are not !
This is where the stupid gets really thick .
If you ca n’t define masculine without defining feminine then you can’t define feminine without defining masculine , but you can actually define either one independently .
I am involved with martial arts and enjoy sparring a great deal .
This is masculine , a certain love of physical contest , a love of challenge , of pitting your strength and speed against another .
Note , I have never referenced feminine in that piece of definition .
Why would I define myself as what you are not ?
Why should I even care .
I hate to say it , but that ’s a very , very feminine response .
I do n’t define myself by my traits relative to others , but by my traits .
If other have those traits , cool .
If most of the others who have those traits are male , then those traits are masculine .
There is plenty of fetish porn showing men being dominated , but this is still for men , and about men ’s sexual pleasure in being dominated .
The dominatrix is there for the money as much as any other ‘ consenting ’ porn performer and her pretend power ends when she is no longer being paid to dominate a man .
Men have no interest in giving up their power and privilege in the real world , but plenty of interest in keeping it .
What freaking power and privilege ?
I grew up with a feminist mom , feminist school teachers , feminist colleagues and feminist friends .
I grew up with the joke “ What ’s fifty men under the ocean ?
A good start ” .
Leaving my own trauma out of things , the men in the videos are there for the money and their pretend power ends when the movie ends .
Also , studies have show that lesbians are more likely to watch porn aimed at men than they are to watch so called feminist porn ( or erotica ) .
So , things are they way they because it ’s the way they are because it ’s the way they are and so on in infinite regress .
The status quo is normal , natural and inevitable , so let ’s just ignore how much the status quo benefits men and harms women .
Yes , people like to watch other people fuck .
No , lets not ignore how the status quo benefits men and harms women , lets look at whether that ’s true or not .
My rather complex answer is that porn in itself does n’t harm women , but that irresponsible porn of the kind that thrives when porn is driven into the shadows often harms women .
Again with the infinite regress , they want it because they want it because they want it !
Well , yes .
Sometimes things keep coming up because they are true and no matter how much we want them to be false they are still true .
The old ‘ better porn ’ argument !
I ’ll believe in this mythical object when I see it .
Look into Ninnworx , look into Miss Lucifer Productions , there are many others .
I wo n’t claim that they are feminist erotica , because , frankly , most feminist erotica is simply not sexy to a man ( an apparently to most lesbians ) .
I have covered the propaganda argument above so will not reiterate it again here .
You have , but you have n’t determined that porn is propaganda .
You have just said propaganda is common , and that is true .
How is it that a large number of different people who are all trying to compete against each other for money are all working on the same set of propaganda ?
Is it a conspiracy ?
Are there meeting ?
Do they serve a fruit try , because if so , I could be up for joining ( just for the fruit tray , fresh fruit is delicious )
No , they are shown as fetishes , reduced to a single part ( their fatness , their wrinkles , and , since all pornography is racist , their black skin ) , not a whole person .
Not that any woman in porn is shown as a whole person , or as ‘ desirable ’ in the everyday sense of the word , they are shown as objects , existing to be used by men , and that using them is desirable .
Often , porn using not - conventionally - attractive women will be playing on the ‘ grossness ’ of those women , and the grossness of having sex with them .
Some of that is true , but a lot of it is bullshit .
Amateur porn is the fastest growing segment of porn , and more natural actresses are proving to be more popular .
Ironically , most of the women I know who watch porn ( and I know quite a few ) are more narrow in the body types they accept .
Hell , I have never had a problem with pubic hair but most of the women I have dated hate it and remove as much of it as they can .
My male friends relate the same thing , except that a not small number of them find the lack of pubic hair kind of disturbing .
It is easy to imagine , because we all live in a pornified rape culture and come up against misogyny and male violence every day .
We do understand men very well , because we have to negotiate with them every day in order to survive .
Can you back that up ?
Do you have anything behind that claim ?
You keep claiming rape culture while living in the society and point in history where rape is the least acceptable .
If you read the bible , rape was a crime if the woman was married ( but a crime against the husband ) or if the rapist was unwilling to marry the victim afterwards .
I really do n’t see a lot of support for this point of view amongst the people I know .
Men do n’t dominate women because they are stupid and they think that ’s what women want ; they do it because society is set up in a way that allows them to do it , because they benefit from doing so , and because porn makes dominance sexy .
Patriarchy is not an accident , it is a system of power and privilege that all men benefit from .
He is again working from the false premise that violence against women is rare .
I said it before , I will say it again , sometimes dominance is sexy .
Weirdly I have heard that more from women than from men .
Have you heard the thing about how nice guys have trouble with attracting women ?
Well , it ’s true .
I can say this because when I was younger I was fairly successful with women and many of my friends were not .
I was also kind of a dick and pretty messed up ( some stuff that happened in my life , a lot of it is in this blog so feel free to read around ) .
The fact is that a lot of men of my generation have major issues with that because we were n’t raised with the same attitudes as previous generations and have trouble seeing women that way .
My damage was n’t targeted at women by the way , but also affected how I treated other males .
He accuses us of wanting a world without violence or aggression ( which we do , unapologetically ) , then insists that we just have to put up and shut up because it ’s all natural and inevitable , and anyway it is n’t that bad , and even if it is , porn is n’t anything to do with it .
The fact is , the vast majority of violence against women is socially acceptable , and a lot of men do do it .
Not only is this MRA an apologist for porn , he is an apologist for male dominance and male violence in general .
Violence against women is acceptable ?
My ex wife attacked me and then called the police and told them I had attacked her .
Despite all the physical evidence backing up my side of the story I was arrested and charged .
It was n’t until the trial when all of the evidence ( including an impartial witness that neither of us had ever met ) came out that I was acquitted , and then only because not only had I not attacked her , I had not even struck back in self defence , instead relying on confining her as much as possible .
Had I been convicted the odds are strong that I would have had to go to jail .
She had to be charged at that point ( again , there was a witness I had never met who saw the entire incident including the part where she ran up behind me and punched me in the back of the head , plus the dozen or so time I tried to walk away only to be punched in the face and body repeatedly )
After being convicted my ex wife was sentenced to 100 hours community service ( of which she performed 0 with no repercussions ) and an anger management course ( that she never ended up attending , again with no repercussions ) .
She also has sole custody of our son .
Now , her current husband has primary custody of his two daughters , but his ex wife still has some custody rights and she actually abused one of the children on the street in front of hundreds of witnesses .
Women are often violent , towards each other , towards men , towards their children .
It is n’t a male , female thing , it ’s a monkey brain thing .
Trying to move away from violence is great , but realize that you are n’t fighting a patriarchy that is trying preserve our right to hit women ( most men do n’t believe we have the right to hit women and most of us do n’t do it ) , you are instead fighting a fundamental piece of human nature and that takes a very different tactic .
Wow , I guess this ran long .
All non-spam comments welcomed as always .
NASA 's Solar Dynamics Observatory is what might be called a satellite for the information age .
It is designed to provide scientists who study the sun with a torrent of data — the space agency says the observatory will return 150 million bits of data about Earth 's host star per second , or about 1.5 terabytes per day .
The spacecraft , known as SDO , is scheduled to launch into orbit at 10:26 A.M. Wednesday from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida , weather permitting .
Its data stream is so broad that the observatory will have a dedicated pair of 18 - meter radio dishes near Las Cruces , N.M. , at its disposal for downlink ; the satellite 's geosynchronous orbit will keep it within radio range of New Mexico at all times .
The data SDO gathers should help hone forecasts of solar activity and the space weather it creates , which can wreak havoc on and around Earth with storms of charged particles and radiation .
With advance warning about an impending solar storm , astronauts in orbit could seek refuge in shielded compartments , utilities could brace the power grid for disturbances , communications firms and the military could place their satellites in safe mode , and airplanes could change course to avoid the most dangerous altitudes and routes .
( Earth 's magnetic shielding is weakest at the poles , for instance , so transpolar flights would be at greater risk from solar storms . )
" Our big goal is to learn how to predict what the sun is going to do , " says Dean Pesnell , SDO project scientist at NASA Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Md. Pilots and astronauts , he says , would like to know solar forecasts hours or even days in advance , whereas the U.S. Air Force would like weeks of notice for mission - planning purposes .
" And I 'm interested , scientifically , in predicting what 's going to happen a year or 10 years from now , " Pesnell says .
To that end , SDO carries three scientific instruments , including the Atmospheric Imaging Assembly , a set of four telescopes that return eight images every 10 seconds in a variety of light bands , from the visible to the shorter - wavelength extreme ultraviolet .
Those wavelengths reveal the roiling activity , such as explosive solar flares and looping prominences , on and above the sun 's surface .
Each image packs enough pixels — more than 4,000 a side — to fill 15 high - definition television screens .
A second instrument , the Extreme Ultraviolet Variability Experiment , uses spectrographs to break down the sun 's extreme UV light into its component wavelengths with unprecedented resolution .
The goal is to track the sun 's shifting irradiance in the extreme UV , where high - energy photons pack a dangerous punch , potentially allowing heliophysicists to link variations in the extreme UV to other solar phenomena .
But Pesnell is most excited about the third instrument .
" The one I think is the coolest is the Helioseismic and Magnetic Imager , " he says .
The instrument monitors magnetic flux and takes helioseismology readings , tracking the propagation of sound waves across the sun 's surface .
" It looks amazingly like ocean waves , if you can imagine looking down on an ocean and seeing waves just going in all directions , " Pesnell says .
" Well , if you study those waves you can infer what 's going on inside the sun . "
A recent study led by National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration research scientist Alysha Reinard showed how helioseismology can be used to track swirling plasma flows in the sun and predict solar flares with unprecedented accuracy .
But that forecasting approach is only as good as its data ; at present the false alarm rate is above 50 percent .
Helioseismology data from by SDO should lead to more reliable flare forecasting , which would be a boon to monitors of space weather .
SDO is the first mission to reach fruition from NASA 's Living with a Star program , which seeks to better characterize how solar activity affects life on Earth .
The mission will cost an estimated $ 850 million , including five years of operations , according to NASA .
But with nearly 1.5 metric tons of maneuvering fuel onboard , SDO could well operate 10 years or longer .
What happens when Marcus Tremonto , the lighting artist behind this thing updates Kidrobot 's famed MUNNY dolls ?
Pew pew crosses with puke ... and I mean that in the best possible way .
Advertisement
Carbon Fiber Ribbon of Light I would have assumed this lamp was aluminum , had designer Marcus Tremonto not explained : Read more
Starting this Friday , Kidrobot NY will have Tremonto's " Lightbot " MUNNY remixes on display ( and apparently available for purchase , too ) .
Each is signed , numbered and sold in its own custom box .
I 'm a bit curious as to the power source , but I 'm assuming a plug is hiding there somewhere .
[ KRonikle ]
Cryptome , the secret - document - spilling site , is back online Thursday , after Microsoft withdrew a copyright complaint that shuttered the site the day before .
Microsoft 's efforts to suppress a document about how to subpoena online user data backfired , leading instead to widespread attention to ( and republication of ) the document it tried to suppress .
Microsoft did not apologize in its Thursday statement , and defended its use of copyright law to keep its law enforcement manual private .
Like all service providers , Microsoft must respond to lawful requests from law enforcement agencies to provide information related to criminal investigations .
We take our responsibility to protect our customers privacy very seriously , so have specific guidelines that we use when responding to law enforcement requests .
In this case , we did not ask that this site be taken down , only that Microsoft copyrighted content be removed .
We are requesting to have the site restored and are no longer seeking the document ’s removal .
Cryptome 's proprietor John Young published the 22 - page document earlier this week .
leading Microsoft to take legal action Tuesday .
The document , which contains no trade secrets , advises law enforcement how to file subpoenas ( .pdf ) , outlines what data Microsoft keeps on users of its online services such as Xbox Live and Hotmail , and explains how to parse the resulting user data .
Cryptome 's hosting provider , Network Solutions , chose to shutter the entire site and lock down the domain name , even before the Thursday deadline for Young to remove the document .
Under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act , a U.S. - based host is immune to liability if it makes sure the allegedly offending content is taken down during the time that a counter - claim is being considered in court .
Similar manuals from other large service providers such as Yahoo and Facebook have also been leaked and published online recently .
Yahoo also tried unsuccessfully to use the DMCA to suppress its document .
However , there is a clear news value to publishing such documents , even if they 're copyrighted .
Microsoft took nearly 24 hours to respond to an inquiry for comment , losing the opportunity to quickly leapfrog to the forefront of transparency by understanding that such documents need not – and should not – be hidden from users ( with the possible exception of the law enforcement hotline number ) .
Cox Communications , which runs the nation 's third largest ISP , has long made its law enforcement subpoena page – including prices – public .
But Microsoft , Google , Facebook and Yahoo do not follow that example , even though all of them want their users to trust them with their most sensitive data and communications .
Nor do any of them publish the most basic statistics on how often law enforcement comes knocking with subpoenas and warrants .
In fact , the simplest lesson here is that none of the pixels published over this incident would have been necessary if Microsoft had just published this document in the first place , which few people would have ever bothered to go read .
Instead , these companies prefer to worry about the sensitivities of corporate - ass - covering lawyers and law enforcement agencies instead of putting their users and transparency first .
Photo : Emma Swann , Front page photo : Robert Scoble
See Also :
MUNICH 
In Germany , an author is granted an ironclad copyright for 70 years after his death , apparently even if he is subsequently regarded as one of the greatest mass murderers in history and a dark stain on the national character .
Hitler ’s copyright on “ Mein Kampf , ” in the hands of the Bavarian government since the end of the Nazi regime , has long been used to keep his inflammatory manifesto off the shelves in Germany .
But with the expiration date looming in 2015 , there is a developing showdown here over the first German publication of the book since the end of World War II .
Experts at the respected Institute of Contemporary History in Munich say they want to prepare a critical , annotated version of the book for release when the copyright expires 70 years after Hitler ’s suicide in his Berlin bunker .
“ We hope to prevent neo - Nazi publications by putting out a commented , scholarly edition before that , ” said Edith Raim , a historian at the institute .
“ ‘ Mein Kampf ’ is one of the central texts if you want to explain National Socialism , and it has n’t been available in a commented edition at all in Germany . ”
Enjoy
The unexpected
It ’s our invitation for people to forget what they think they know about the taste of plant - based foods and instead give them a try .
Los paraguas personalizados siempre se han caracterizado por ser productos promocionales sumamente efectivos dentro de las acciones publicitarias , llevadas a cabo a lo largo del otoño , invierno y también en la primavera ; lo cual se debe a que al plasmar el logo de una empresa sobre paraguas personalizados , la visibilidad de la marca resulta ser considerablemente mayor a lo largo de estas temporadas y en las que los días lluviosos suelen aparecer .
Continúa leyendo
Rep. John Conyers ( D - MI ) has announced that he plans to hold House Judiciary Committee hearings on the Bush administration lawyers whose legal memos justified the use of torture on terrorism detainees .
Conyers ’ announcement Friday follows the release of a report by the Justice Department ’s Office of Professional Responsibility which criticizes lawyers John Yoo and Jay Bybee for “ poor judgment ” but concludes that their actions did not rise to the level of professional misconduct .
ADVERTISEMENT
As reported by the Associated Press , “ The decision closes the book on one of the major lingering investigations into the counterterrorism policies of George W. Bush ’s administration . ”
The AP goes on to explain , “ An initial review by the Justice
Department ’s internal affairs unit found that former government lawyers Jay Bybee and John Yoo had committed professional misconduct , a conclusion that could have cost them their law licenses .
But the Justice Department ’s top career lawyer reviewed the matter and disagreed . ”
Conyers , however , is not satisfied with allowing the matter to drop .
He has posted a full set of documents at the Judiciary Committee website , including both preliminary drafts and the final Justice Department report , Yoo ’s and Bybee ’s responses , and Associate Deputy Attorney General David Margolis ’s memorandum explaining why he did not feel that Yoo ’s and Bybee ’s actions amounted to “ professional misconduct . ”
“ For years , those who approved torture and abuse of detainees have hidden behind legal memos issued by the Department of Justice ’s Office of Legal Counsel , ” Conyers stated .
“ The materials released today make plain that those memos were legally flawed and fundamentally unsound , and may have been improperly influenced by a desire to tell the Bush White House and the CIA what it wanted to hear . ”
“ The Office of Legal Counsel has a proud tradition of providing independent , high quality legal advice to the executive branch , ” Conyers ’ statement continues .
“ The materials released today make clear that the lawyers who wrote the torture memos did not live up to that tradition . …
Given the serious nature of the issues raised in this report , the Committee intends to hold hearings on these matters in the very near future . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Jay Bybee is now a federal judge on the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals .
Last April , following the release of several memos on approved interrogation techniques , the New York Times described him in an editorial as “ unfit ” for the job and called for him to be impeached .
The Times pointed in particular to one memo in which Bybee “ wrote admiringly about a contraption for waterboarding that would lurch a prisoner upright if he stopped breathing . ”
John
Yoo currently teaches law at the University of California .
Unlike Bybee , he has given no hint of having any regrets at the role he played , and he was recently the target of student protesters who held up a banner reading “ Try Yoo for Torture ” during a guest lecture he gave at Johns Hopkins University .
A few weeks ago I posted about my initial impressions of CommonJS ’s approach to concurrency , in particular the use of promises .
Today I add my look at promises and futures in Clojure .
I ’m aware that I ’m kind of writing these blog posts backwards .
I ’m learning more as I go , which means before I ’m done I will no doubt regret things I have written in these opening posts .
Oh well .
Clojure offers more than one option for achieving concurrency .
Whereas CommonJS embraces asynchronous processes , Clojure offers the programmer a choice of synchronized or asynchronized tools for concurrency .
And whereas JavaScript does n’t offer you the opportunity to spawn your own threads , Clojure most definitely offers you threads .
Clojure 1.1 has added abstractions for promises and futures , and Clojure ’s multithreaded environment colors their usage .
In Clojure , as in CommonJS , a promise is also a stand - in for an asynchronously - computed value .
As Rich Hickey explains in his change notes for the 1.1 release :
A promise is a synchronization construct that can be used to deliver a value from one thread to another .
Until the value has been delivered , any attempt to dereference the promise will block .
A future , however , represents a unit of computation that can be executed on another thread .
Futures represent asynchronous computations .
They are a way to get code to run in another thread , and obtain the result .
Sean Devlin , the creator of the excellent screencasts at Full Disclojure , has a screencast covering promises and futures .
He offers some examples :
( def a - promise ( promise ) )
( deliver a - promise : fred )
( def f ( future ( some - sexp ) ) )
( deref f ) ; blocks the thread that derefs f until value is available
There ’s a lot of commentary out there , especially on this thread from the Clojure Google group in which different use cases for the abstractions are offered .
Here are some highlights :
Laurent Petit offers this explanation of the virtues of futures and promises :
It ’s an easy way to make a computation done in thread A ( and using a pre-declared promise ) block until thread B has delivered the promise ( given it its value ) .
Sean Devlin adds that they are useful in dealing with mechanical objects .
Instead of a while - loop to wait for an external condition to be satisfied , you can block on the value of a promise while a separate process devoted to detecting this desired condition delivers a value to the promise when and if the desired condition is met .
Finally , the venerable Chouser offers another example of blocking : setting a promise and then making an RPC call that delivers its result to the promise when it is complete .
Some general background : Dataflow concurrency
Rich Hickey , in his Clojure 1.1 release notes , and Laurent Petit , on the Clojure mailing list , point out that promises and futures support dataflow programming .
Dataflow programming is laid out in some detail in a 900 - page textbook .
There are also less complete explanations of it online .
The wikipedia entry for dataflow concurrency is predictably terse and dense .
A dataflow network is a network of concurrently executing processes or automata that can communicate by sending data over channels ( see message passing . )
I found the description of dataflow concurrency in Groovy by the folks at Codehaus very illuminating .
Basically , they define three tasks , each of which determines a value for one of three DataFlowVariables x , y , and z .
These run in parallel , and , it ’s implied , the first task is blocked until a value for z is available .
Once that ’s accomplished , the println line executes .
In Clojure , then , would x , y , and z be promises , and the tasks be closures sent to agents ?
Yep .
So this is a nice way to parallelize computation .
One thread can hold the final piece of the computation and wait for others to deliver values to the promise (s ) it needs .
These other threads can similarly wait on other ones .
This seems to replace the use of await for agents , at least in some cases .
Strangely , I get this example better than the ones that just sleep threads and print “ here I am ” messages .
Have I become math - biased ?
If so , I blame SICP .
Next up : promises and futures in wordy languages
I started out talking about promises in JavaScript .
Next time , I hope to say a few things about the uses of futures in C# and Java to accomplish concurrent tasks .
These concepts are clearly important for anyone who wants to understand concurrency beyond specific implementations and recipes in one language or another .
Enlarge By Christopher Gannon , The Des Moines Register , for USA TODAY U.S. Vice President Biden shows off Canada mittens .
The gotta - have souvenir at the Vancouver Games is a sign of just how far the global recession set back the world economy : a $ 10 pair of red mittens .
Amid the flurry of $ 135 Olympic jerseys and $ 225 Olympic sterling silver pendants , no merchandise is catching on like these Canadian red mittens , which have the country 's maple leaf symbol in each palm .
" In the current economy , a mass - oriented price point helps a lot , " says Marty Brochstein , senior vice president at the International Licensing Industry Merchandisers ' Association .
PHOTO GALLERY : Olympics covered in red mittens
The recent surge of the $ 10 - and - under retail price is n't limited to the Olympics .
It 's why the Zhu Zhu Pets mechanical hamsters became a phenomenon at Christmas .
And it's why major pizza chains are promoting pizzas — any size , any toppings — at $ 10 .
" The $ 10 mittens are the ' it ' souvenir of the Olympics , " says Mark Kinnin , vice president of maker Hudson 's Bay .
The retailer figured it would sell about 1 million pairs .
But it 's now projecting to sell 3.4 million pairs of the mittens — whose profits help aid Canada 's Olympic athletes .
The mittens , which are made in China , are acrylic / wool with polar fleece inside .
The $ 10 item was no accident .
" It 's something a family of four can afford to buy for each member , " says Dennis Kim , director of licensing and merchandising for Vancouver 's Olympic Organizing Committee .
But they 're hard to get .
They 're currently out of stock on the Vancouver 2010 site .
Hudson 's Bay has them in stock in stores , but is n't licensed to ship them outside Canada .
Some folks are turning to eBay and paying twice the price , or more .
Beyond the mittens , most Olympic souvenirs for less than $ 10 are hot , too .
That includes coins , stamps and pins .
But some midprice items also are selling well , including those with the three Olympic mascot critters : Quatchi , Sumi and Miga .
But nothing is causing a stir like the mittens .
TV shots show fans waving them .
VIPs from Vice President Biden to Cindy Crawford have been spotted in them .
Olympic merchandise rarely has global interest , says Ira Mayer , publisher of The Licensing Letter .
" But when something takes off , it can go beyond the Olympics and become a fad . "
For example , at the 2002 Salt Lake Games , the berets worn by U.S. Olympians were an instant hit , and a big boost for the image and profits of the maker , Canadian company Roots .
Similarly , Hudson 's Bay is leveraging its Olympics link , Kinnin says , " to get our brand message out . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Divergent opinion as to what can be achieved by the highly - anticipated UN climate summit in Copenhagen is reflected across much of European and US media .
The opening day of the summit has drawn a range of views , from deep scepticism to hopeful optimism for the future of the planet .
In an unprecedented display of uniformity , 56 newspapers in 45 countries carry the same editorial , urging politicians to forget their differences and work together to forge an agreement .
The politicians in Copenhagen have the power to shape history 's judgment on this generation : one that saw a challenge and rose to it , or one so stupid that we saw calamity coming but did nothing to avert it .
We implore them to make the right choice .
An editorial in the UK's Times newspaper recognises that a legally binding agreement will not be reached in Copenhagen but a commitment can be made , provided rich countries cut the right deal with poorer ones :
But Copenhagen needs to provide a deal that permits the developing world its ascent to prosperity .
The main risk to success is that the developing world rejects the deal or that the mutual suspicion between the United States and China on the verification procedures scuppers the plan .
US - LED COPENHAGEN DEAL
No reference to legally binding agreement
Recognises the need to limit global temperatures rising no more than 2C above pre-industrial levels
Developed countries to " set a goal of mobilising jointly $ 100 bn a year by 2020 to address the needs of developing countries "
On transparency : Emerging nations monitor own efforts and report to UN every two years .
Some international checks
No detailed framework on carbon markets - " various approaches " will be pursued A column in host country Denmark 's Berlingske Tidende wonders to what extent the outcome of the talks will be translated into action on the ground : Regardless of the results in Copenhagen the period following the summit will be more important .
Can the results of Copenhagen be implemented ?
Do populations and governments have the will to implement the changes required when the media and politicians return home from Copenhagen and the international agenda no longer concentrates on the climate ?
These will be the big questions .
But the result in Copenhagen is important and there is no doubt that the appearance of the American president , Barack Obama , at the negotiations is good news in itself .
Together with 100 other heads of state and government he will be able to cement an agreement which forms a basis and a solid foundation for focussing on bringing down CO2 emissions in years to come .
The importance of Barack Obama 's presence at the summit is echoed in Spain 's El Mundo newspaper :
The challenge is so huge that the summit will probably end with a mere political declaration , very far from the goal of establishing a new treaty .
And this despite the fact that the pressure of public opinion has forced world leaders to take the problem very seriously , as shown by the fact that Obama had to change tack and announce that he will turn up at the very end of the summit .
His presence is undoubtedly key to achieving an agreement - albeit one based on the lowest common denominator - that will make it possible to continue working afterwards and , at the same time , investigating the climate in order to dispel the very last drop of scepticism about global warming .
Blogging on Spain 's Publico newspaper 's website , Isaac Rosa is highly sceptical as to whether the summit can achieve anything at all :
The challenge is huge and the willingness scant .
Environmental deterioration cannot be halted by a few measures , either by promising more windmills or by trading emissions .
It requires a transformation of the economic model which nobody feels like or is in any hurry for .
If they did not do it with the crisis - nor of course have they even been moved by the abject poverty and hunger this model causes - how could an imprecise and distant threat like that of the climate achieve it ?
Writing in France 's La Charente Libre , Dominique Garraud depicts a doomsday scenario of what might happen if Copenhagen fails to deliver tangible results :
In Copenhagen , Obama and his like have a mission statement of biblical simplicity : if their countries fail to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by half by 2050 compared to the 1990 figure , the point of no return will have been reached ...
The disaster scenario , with the melting of the arctic ice at a rate never seen before and glaciers feeding into the great rivers , an increase in sea levels and floods followed by great droughts generating world hunger .
The repercussions of such a cataclysm are known : hundreds of millions of climate refugees and the prospect of a proliferation of ' water ' wars .
Copenhagen is not the emergency .
It has already come to pass and it is more than time to move on from words to deeds .
Jakob Schlandt , writing in Germany 's Berliner Zeitung , advocates a more wait - and - see approach , suggesting it is too soon to pass judgement on the summit :
A global climate protection agreement poses a huge threat to economic interests .
That is why agreement in Copenhagen is not certain ...
Failure in Copenhagen would be a big setback , but future conferences could make up for that .
So it will only be clear in a few years ' time whether or not strict global climate rules will apply .
If no long - term agreement has been reached by then , we would indeed have reason to despair .
One country , Russia , appears to regard climate change as a fringe issue , according to an editorial in Vedomosti newspaper .
Under the headline Spare Planet , the unattributed commentary notes how the whole issue is given scant importance among Russia 's leaders and people :
Last week the front pages of the world 's leading newspapers were devoted to the issue which in Russia is still considered to be more of a fad among the slightly eccentric Greens than something that serious people should be concerned about : the international summit on climate change that is opening in Copenhagen today ...
The heads of 98 states are planning to come to Copenhagen ...
However , the leaders of the Russian state have ignored the summit ...
The top Russian officials ' disdain for environmental issues reflects the attitude that prevails in our society .
Russians do not worry about global warming ...
To all appearances , Russia is still not part of the international community , as if we live on a different planet .
There is guarded optimism in the New York Times that the summit has a fair chance of succeeding .
Under the heading Beyond Copenhagen , the paper 's editorial says the summit has begun on the right path : Nobody should expect a planet - saving agreement from the negotiations that begin this week in Copenhagen aimed at reducing global emissions of greenhouse gases .
But the talks were in real danger of blowing up not long ago .
Now there is a good chance for at least an interim deal , mainly because the United States and China , the world 's two biggest emitters , have promised to reduce or slow their emissions and their two leaders have agreed to attend ...
... neither country has offered specific goals before .
Their 11th - hour willingness to do so could be just enough to persuade the other 190 countries in Copenhagen to take the first step in what is now seen as a two - stage process .
Meanwhile , in its editorial , the Dallas Morning News warns that scepticism among the US public and the Senate could end up scuppering Barack Obama 's best laid plans : Political leaders eager to fight global warming face a perfect storm of inconvenient timing as they gather this week in Copenhagen for the United Nations climate summit .
Just as the planet is reaching what many scientists say is a point of no return on greenhouse gas emissions , what had been a hardening political consensus on climate change is starting to crumble
But human - driven climate change does exist .
The evidence for it is so strong that the outrageous CRU deception scarcely damages it ... The laudable progress the US has been making on curbing CO2 emissions under President Barack Obama is now imperiled .
Obama goes to Copenhagen pledging significant emission cuts , and China and India are doing the same .
But US
Senate opposition to the administration 's costly cap - and - trade plan , bolstered by increasing public climate skepticism , could stop the president cold .
This is intolerable .
Non-UK European media excerpts provided by BBC Monitoring .
BBC Monitoringselects and translates news from radio , television , press , news agencies and the internet from 150 countries in more than 70 languages .
It is based in Caversham , UK , and has several bureaux abroad .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Caltech researchers may have unlocked the holy grail of gadget - powering clothing , thanks to a recent discovery that could eventually produce cheap , flexible solar cell microfibers .
Advertisement
The team , led by Harry Atwater , says the bendy solar cells use just 1 % of the silicon needed by a solar cell with the same output .
Additionally , the bendy cell does this with only 5 % of the size .
The base that " grows " the micrometer - wide silicon wires is also reusable , further lessening the future costs of a pair of theoretical Gap Gadget khakis .
Better still , the Caltech cells are efficient , reflecting back only about half as much energy as a similar sized " traditional " cell .
So they 're small , flexible and cheap .
Seemingly perfect , but will they really work in the merciless real world ?
So few of these promising designs end up passing that test .
If they do n't work we 'll always have those solar powered tobacco leaves to fall back on .
Advertisement
Oh , and these guys , who are working on kind of the same thing , but prettier ( that 's their image , above ) .
In any event , the future of solar cell clothing appears bright , or leafy , depending on where its coming from .
[ New Scientist ]
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
First , a question :
When in American history did life expectancy improve the most ?
Was it the late 1800s , when anesthesia made surgery easier and far more common ?
Was it the 1930s , when antibacterial medicines became available ?
Or recent decades , when CAT scans and heart bypasses proliferated ?
The correct answer is : none of the above .
While data differ and the statistics are n’t fully reliable , a good bet is that the best answer is the 1940s .
In that period , life expectancy increased about seven years .
Indeed , American life expectancy appears to have been longer in 1942 , 1943 , 1944 and 1945  even as hundreds of thousands of young Americans were being killed in World War II  than it had been when America was at peace in 1940 .
A prime reason is that with the war mobilization , Americans got much better access to medical care .
Farmers and workers who had rarely seen doctors now found themselves with medical coverage through the military , jobs in industry or New Deal programs .
Pellegrino tells a different story .
She never brushed against either woman , and the sandals struck no one .
She had to crawl on the floor to retrieve her bag because Abdul - Malik was blocking her way .
She said she felt tension rise in the screening room when she asked the screener to take care with her change purse , which had belonged to her late father .
Abdul - Malik then tore the fabric with her thumbs , Pellegrino said .
She informed the two TSA workers that she was going to file a complaint .
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Hamas leader Khaled Mashaal on Monday accused the US of obstructing efforts to end the rift between his movement and Fatah .
Mashaal ’s allegation came as he arrived in Moscow at the head of a Hamas delegation for talks with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov .
This was Mashaal ’s third visit to Moscow since Hamas won the January 2006 parliamentary election .
Mashaal ’s talks in Moscow focused on the continued power struggle between Hamas and Fatah and ways of achieving reconciliation between the two parties , sources close to Hamas said .
The sources said that Mashaal complained to the Russian foreign minister that a US “ veto ” was stopping Hamas and Fatah from signing a reconciliation accord .
Mashaal said that another reason for the delay in reaching agreement between the two parties was “ amendments ” introduced to the latest Egyptian “ reconciliation ” initiative .
Hamas welcomed Mashaal ’s visit to Russia as a major step toward launching dialogue between the movement and the international community .
Mustapha Sawwaf , a political analyst and Hamas supporter , said that the visit was aimed at “ creating a kind of balance in the international community ’s policy toward the Middle East .
” Sawwaf said that unlike the Americans and the Europeans , Russia was not opposed to reconciliation between Hamas and Fatah .
“ The US policy toward reconciliation is hostile , while the Russians have adopted a balanced stance , ” he noted .
Another political analyst , Naji Sharab , pointed out that Mashaal ’s visit to Moscow follows a similar visit by Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas .
He said that Hamas was also hoping that the Russians would exert pressure on some Arab countries that are opposed to the Hamas government in the Gaza Strip and reconciliation with Fatah .
Hamas and Fatah appeared to be close to reaching agreement on ending their power struggle when top Fatah official Nabil Sha’ath visited the Gaza Strip last week for the first time in three years .
Sha’ath held a series of meetings with senior Hamas representatives on ways of achieving reconciliation between the two parties .
He said that he was dispatched to the Gaza Strip by Abbas , who authorized him to negotiate with Hamas about the proposed reconciliation .
Sha’ath announced on Monday that the Hamas government has agreed torelease scores of Fatah prisoners held in the Gaza Strip .
He also saidthat Hamas has agreed to reopen the Fatah offices in the Gaza Strip .
Despite the apparent rapprochement , Hamas accused the PA securityforces of arresting eight of its supporters in the West Bank in thepast 48 hours .
The Taliban 's top military commander has been captured in the Pakistani city of Karachi , senior US officials have confirmed .
Abdul Ghani Barader , the most significant Taliban figure captured since the start of the Afghanistan war , was seized in a secret raid by Pakistani and US intelligence forces earlier this month , according to the New York Times .
He has been in Pakistani custody for several days , with US and Pakistani intelligence officials both taking part in interrogation .
But a Taliban spokesman denied the reports , saying Mullah Baradar was still in Afghanistan actively organising the group 's military activities .
" He has not been captured .
They want to spread this rumour just to divert the attention of people from their defeats in Marjah and confuse the public , " Zabihullah Mujahid said .
The detention of Mullah Barader , who is deputy to Taliban supreme commander Mullah Omar , comes as Nato forces continue their offensive against militants in southern Afghanistan .
Follow the New Statesman team on Twitter .
You do n't need overpriced " recovery " products after exercise , but eating a low - carb meal can have real benefits for your next workout , and for your general health and metabolism .
It all has to do with tissue storage and insulin reception .
Advertisement
Photo by SuziJane .
After a round of aerobic ( active movement ) exercise , eating a lower - carb meal helps the body store sugar from your bloodstream in muscles and other tissues , making more energy available for your life , and your next exercise , if you 're fairly regular about it .
The side benefit is a generally improved metabolism , and a means of helping avoid insulin insensitivity , a pre-condition that often leads to diabetes .
Advertisement
As part of a study published in the Journal of Applied Physiology , researchers fed one of three meals to test subjects after 90 minutes of exercise on a treadmill or stationary bike .
One was relatively balanced between carbohydrates , protein , and fat , and had a moderate amount of calories .
One was otherwise balanced , but scaled back on the carbs .
A final meal was lower - calorie , but had a higher amount of carbs .
The results :
In all three exercise sessions , researchers say there was a trend for an increase in insulin sensitivity .
But when the participants ate the low - carbohydrate meal following exercise , it increased their insulin sensitivity even more .
Researchers say the results show that people can reap important health benefits from exercise without starving themselves after exercise or losing weight .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
While you 're plotting your perfect low - carb , post - workout meal , be sure to replenish your fluids as well .
Tell us what makes for a great meal after a hard workout in the comments .
Advertisement
What You Eat After Working Out Matters [ WebMD via The Food Times ]
It was not the first embarrassing blunder at the Chilean mint
The general manager of the Chilean mint has been dismissed after thousands of coins were issued with the name of the country spelt wrongly .
The 50 - peso coins - worth about 10 cents ( 6 p ) - were issued in 2008 , but no - one noticed the mistake until late last year .
Instead of C - H - I - L - E , the coins had C - H - I - I - E stamped on them .
The coins have since become collectors ' items and the mint says it has no plans to take them out of circulation .
Numismatists ' delight The BBC's Gideon Long , in the Chilean capital Santiago , says people have been hoarding the coins in the hope their value rises .
But the mistake has cost the mint 's general manager , Gregorio Iniguez , and several other employees , their jobs .
It is not the first embarrassing blunder at the Chilean mint , says our correspondent .
Last October , someone there sold a rare medal , which should have been housed in the institution 's museum , to a coin collector .
A month later , another medal - this one bearing the face of the country 's then President Michelle Bachelet - was inadvertently sold on the open market .
The latest blunder has caused a few chuckles in Chile , says our correspondent , and prompted shoppers up and down the country to view their loose change in a new light .
Should the general manager of the Chilean mint have lost his job over the mistake ?
Here is a selection of your comments on the story .
I love the new coin !
I have collected a few and stored them for future .
I think we should make all new coins like this and change the spelling of our country !
Alejandro de Montoya , Chile I am a Chilean living in the UK and seem to have become the favourite target for all my British friends - and fair enough , as in fact I find it hilarious !
Isabel Behncke , Oxford , UK The Chileans would like to see every mistake paid with the highest price .
A letter changed the course of the life of mint president .
Who really cares about the lack of an L on a coin ?
Mauro Castro , Santiago
The coin is very small and the error is almost invisible ... but it´s so funny .
Chile is more beautiful and bigger than this small flaw .
Roseli Magalhaes , Brazil , currently on holiday in Chile I 've been living in Chile for the last 15 years and this is really not news .
It has n't been on TV and I had no idea the general manger of the Chilean mint got the boot .
Is news being censored in Chile ?
Sergio , Santiago , Chile Talking to the Chileans that I 've been working with , it 's been more amusing than a jilt at their national pride .
I checked in my coin pot and I 've had a fair few of these for a while .
Mark Hart , Punta Arenas , Chile
This goes with the rest of the government 's attitude and competency towards service and quality !
Dave , Santiago , Chile
The employees should not have lost their jobs .
To err is human .
After all , it did n't hurt anyone .
Isabel Meli , Atkinson , NH , USA I have just looked in my change and found that I have one of these coins !
I shall save it .
It was in the news briefly here but no - one took much notice .
Saranna , Santiago , Chile I predict this sort of thing will become more commonplace as the mobile texting generation moves into positions of responsibility ;)
Renier , Sydney
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Head - to - toe gold paint does n't , in fact , kill
A POINT OF VIEW
A trip to the cinema to see Goldfinger prompted a memory of also wearing little more than gold paint .
A tale often retold , but why did n't my mother write down her stories before it was too late , writes Lisa Jardine .
My mother Rita trained as an artist , and was a sculptor ( in wood and stone ) at the time I was born .
By the standards of the 1950s and 60s when I was growing up , she was flamboyant , unconventional , and bohemian .
As young adults , my three sisters and I would beg to be entertained by her stories about what life was like when she was young .
One of our favourites was the story of how , in the early 1930s , she was the crowning glory on top of a float at the Chelsea Arts Club ball , held in the Albert Hall .
Fleeting memories of the Chelsea Arts Club are a mother 's legacy
She was a student at St Martin 's School of Art , to which she had gone on a scholarship at the age of 14 - skipping any further conventional schooling , which her intellectually aspiring Jewish immigrant family would have preferred .
The first time she told us this story , as I recall , was in 1964 , when we had just seen the James Bond movie , Goldfinger .
In it , an unfortunate minor love interest of Bond 's is discovered by the film 's villain to have been sleeping with the enemy .
She is murdered by the bizarre expedient of painting her naked body head to toe with gold paint - thereby supposedly asphyxiating her .
" Nonsense , " snorted my mother .
" I was naked except for a g - string and painted from head to toe in gold paint , and did not suffer any adverse consequences at all .
FIND OUT MORE ...
A Point of View , with Lisa Jardine , is on Fridays on Radio 4 at 2050 GMT and repeated Sundays , 0850 GMT
Or listen to it here later " Just as well , " she went on .
" I had no idea that once the parade of floats had circled the hall , the ball - goers would set upon them and tear them to pieces .
As our float disintegrated beneath me , I had to leap from the top of it into the arms of a fellow student , to avoid crashing to the floor . "
Stories like this one shaped my own confidence in myself as I grew up .
They encouraged me to be bold .
They reassured me that you did not have to be entirely conventional to succeed in life .
They challenged my teenaged views of what was appropriate for a studious , ambitious , headstrong girl to attempt .
My mother never wrote down her beguiling tales , and neither did we .
Terrible trick
My mother is now a frail 92 .
I am spending this week with her in Los Angeles , where she lives with one of my sisters .
She is in good health - as good as one can expect at such a great age - and still able to get around , although she is unsteady on her feet and prefers a wheelchair now when we go out .
A consummate raconteur who could hold listeners spellbound at any party , time has played a terrible trick on my mother - it has deprived her of any memory much beyond the interval between meals
She enjoys the warmth of the California sun , watching the waves breaking lazily on the Pacific shore , or instructing me which dead flower heads to cut off in the garden where she loves to spend time .
But these days she lives entirely in the present .
A consummate raconteur who could hold listeners spellbound at any party , time has played a terrible trick on her .
It has deprived her of any memory much beyond the interval between one meal and another .
Names entirely elude her .
The situation is particularly poignant for me because I have recently embarked on the research for a memoir about my father , Jacob Bronowski .
I was prompted to do so by discovering last year in a cupboard - while moving my mother from her home of almost 40 years in southern California - a box containing the diaries my father kept from the 1930s until his death , and a bundle of letters written by him to my mother at the end of World War II .
He had been sent to Japan , in the aftermath of the dropping of atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki , as a lead member of a team of British and American scientists and statisticians .
A photo of Hiroshima taken for the US Strategic Bombing Survey
It was a military mission - the continuation of work he had done during the war on strategic bombing with the Operational Research unit in the British Ministry of Home Security and the Joint Target Group in Washington .
His team 's task was to assess the damage to buildings - especially Western - style buildings - caused by the two atomic bombs dropped by the Allies six months earlier .
Communication was difficult .
In the entire three months he was away , only three letters from my mother reached my father - none at all while he was actually in Japan .
Nevertheless , he wrote almost daily .
These letters give me a tantalising glimpse of my father 's feelings faced with the two devastated cities , and the difficulties in executing the task he had been set .
They also allow me to listen to him sharing those experiences with his young and much - loved wife , left to cope on her own back home , with a toddler and a babe - in - arms - myself and my sister Judith .
He already , he wrote , found the eerily empty wasteland caused by saturation bomb - damage to Tokyo disturbing .
His papers recall a ruined Tokyo " Tokyo itself is simply a ruin ; the devastation goes on for mile after mile , all burnt down flat with no horizon but a few concrete houses & factories .
The impression is quite different than , say , Hull , because there is no rubble to speak of ; what is burnt has left no trace but the corrugated roof sheeting , which has often been knocked together to make a new little home - if you can call it that . "
Still , that did not prepare him for Nagasaki .
A day after his arrival there , he described his first impressions .
" The ruin is beyond description ; I have seen nothing so terrible before ; even the little mounds of bones where they have burnt the bodies found in the rubble are not an index of it .
It is not worse than Tokyo in appearance , of course ( except for the tangled buildings pushed askew ) , but in one 's awareness that all this happened within seconds , not hours . "
His diary for the same period tells me he " visited Omura hospital and casualties " .
He did not mention these to my mother .
As an antidote for such horrors , he described to my artist mother the beauty of the landscape surrounding the devastated cities .
" I still feel that Kyushu , the southern island on which Nagasaki stands , is most beautiful because of its mountain wildness gashed with blue bays ; but I was surprised to find Hiroshima , which I knew to be flat , in fact surrounded by high and lovely hills , like all Japanese hills wooded thickly to the very crown . "
Letters and diaries tell stories no longer remembered I learned too from his diary that he was reading War and Peace when off duty .
He finished it on the return journey to Washington .
My father wrote only a little about that trip - apart from the classified documents he filed shortly after his return .
He never mentioned it to us children at all , as far as I can recall .
How I wish , then , that I could talk to my mother about those days : what it felt like to receive those spare , intense communications , with their dark hints at what he was witnessing ; how much she already knew about the bombings ; what else he told her once he got home .
" We have seen so much of the squalor , we find pity rather indifferent , " he writes in one letter , towards the end of his assignment .
I am too late .
After more than 30 years preserving my father 's memory , she no longer recalls that she had a husband , or at least cannot recall clearly who he was .
Nothing could bring home to me more sharply the importance of memory for history .
Nothing more strongly reminds me of the responsibility those of a historical temperament have to document and record events in the present as they unfold , lest future generations forget .
Still here , but not fully present
When my mother was in her 80s and visiting my family in London , I took her one evening to the Chelsea Arts Club , where photos of those flamboyant and bohemian balls in the 1920s and 30s still hang on the walls .
Together , over dinner , we entertained a group of friends with the story of her starring role dressed only in gold paint , all those decades earlier .
She chipped in constantly to correct me , or to add a further wonderful and funny detail , her eyes sparkling with delight at the recollection .
How much better that story of hers with which I started was for her lively interventions .
In fact , in the telling of it here , I have probably left out the very best bits .
But alas , although she is still here with me , she is no longer able to fill in the gaps .
Below is a selection of your comments .
What a wonderful , poignant story .
I watched Lisa Jardine 's father 's Ascent of Man programme as a teenager and have admired him greatly ever since .
I did n't realise what else lay behind that passionate appeal of his to reconsider our inhumanity .
Who could be surprised that behind this great man was a marvellous woman .
Paul Joseph , London , UK
My mother has kept a diary on me since I was born , and I find it fascinating reading ( I 'm now 25 ) .
However , she has never written down her family history - landed gentry in Ukraine at the turn of the century , everything taken away during WWI and the men serving in the Imperial Army in Vienna ; family reduced to village farmers , then my grandad being taken to a labour camp in Germany during WWII ; after liberation turning up on the wrong day , missing the boat and ending up in the UK instead of the US ; making munitions for the Korean War in the factories in West Yorkshire ...
I keep encouraging her to write it down , especially since both her parents have now passed away and sooner or later , she too will forget .
Catherine , Switzerland Reliving grand experiences off the cuff appears to be a much more satisfying pass time for people in their twilight years .
Formally sitting down to undertake some methodical process to comprehensively record the details inevitably raises numerous questions regarding the exact circumstances .
But many of these peripheral details will no longer be clear , which then leads to uncertainty and frustration .
A trillion exotic and fascinating memories have now been forever lost in time .
Andy M , Monaco
The painted in gold story is interesting but more poignant are the references of her husband 's findings in Japan .
We hear much about the holocaust in Europe and the loss of life and suffering thereafter .
But it is a pity that these and other recollections are not aired more for this and future generations to understand the consequences of nuclear warfare .
When doing my National Service in the 50s we were shown films to demonstrate the areas from the epicentre , and how they would be affected .
Today 's generation merely reads about various countries gaining this technology but has no real understanding of the devastating effects that , in the wrong hands , could be unleashed .
It could be a beneficial reminder to all if we were reminded now and again as to what could unfold given certain circumstances .
Finally I feel much compassion for Lisa in seeing her mother , Rita , unable to remember the past but hope she is at least happy .
She sounds like a great character and I am sure her children have benefitted enormously in their upbringing .
John McClelland , Worcester Park , England
As an amateur genealogist , I too am thwarted by the older generation losing its most precious possessions , their memories .
I 'm finding a treasure trove of photos and films , but with no names , dates or details and no - one to assist me labelling them .
I empathize and sympathize with Lisa Jardine .
Please , write down or record all your memories and label all your photos .
Memories are too precious to lose .
Juliejohn W Knott , Burke , VA Is Lisa Jardine aware of the spread of the hobby of scrapbooking ?
Tens of thousands of us up and down the UK ( and abroad ) are busy documenting both the everyday and the significant events through the wonderful , creative means of scrapbooking .
Margo , Glasgow
My late grandmother on my father 's side married a man who was an official under the last White Rajah in Sarawak .
I remember listening enthralled to her stories and was thrilled when she gave me some of her precious photographs of the time she spent there in the 1930s , all with notes on the back .
My siblings were never interested in her stories and I often think how much they missed .
Only yesterday , I was going through some old papers and I found a story she had written of the time she had first arrived in Sarawak .
It took me right back to sitting in her living room listening to her tell me of a life so different from my own .
We should all encourage our parents and grandparents to tell us their stories and write them down .
They might not all be as exotic or glamorous as my grandmother 's stories , but they are all interesting and help to tell us who we are and where we come from .
Christina , Parkstone
Many old people find that they can still recall distant events while not remembering the day - to - day things .
My late mother - in - law , who was a distinguished scientist in her day , would often regale the family with tales of her time in India before , during and after the war , but would have frustrating lapses of memory about the ordinary things of life .
I have already followed Lisa Jardine 's advice to write everything down for my children , and have recently had a book published on my wife 's and my experiences of living in several interesting parts of the world .
It may prove not to be of much general interest , but at least our children and grandchildren will know what we were fortunate enough to experience .
Melvin Hurst , Kuwait Both of my parents were Nisei - second generation US citizens of Japanese ancestry .
When the US finally entered WWII , they and their families were given a week to dispose of their farms ( my mother 's in Southern California , my father 's in Washington state ) , equipment , livestock , pets and all personal possessions that could not be crammed into a suitcase .
They were sent away from the Pacific coast to concentration camps in desolate and inhospitable parts of the interior of the country solely because they looked like the enemy .
Like many of that generation , my parents did n't speak much about hardships .
Add to that the Japanese culture of reticence and the lingering shame of victims , and we just knew that " camp " was a topic to avoid .
My father died in 1992 at 68 of cancer .
I heard him mention to his doctor that he had always had a fear of cancer .
It was n't till years later that I discovered a possible reason .
In going through my father 's things , I came upon something inexplicable .
I knew that he had come from behind the barbed wire and machine gun towers of Heart Mountain Relocation Center in Wyoming to join the army of the very government that had imprisoned him .
He went to the Pacific Theater .
Under a tattered silk Japanese flag , wrapped in a small piece of tissue paper and crammed into a plastic sandwich bag , I found a Bronze Star .
The " V " on the ribbon stands for valour , which makes it a combat award , but he never mentioned anything about receiving the third highest military medal .
Further inquiry failed because a fire at the National Personnel Records Center destroyed records for WWII GIs .
Piecing together what I can , there is strong evidence that my father was in the Luzon Campaign in the Philippines and , following Japan 's surrender , was stationed in Nagoya with the 25th Infantry Division .
I believe he was one of the " Atomic Veterans " - so - called because of their unprotected exposure to lingering radiation .
This is why I believe my father had a lifelong concern about cancer .
I wish I knew .
I wish I had refused to be an obedient son and instead asked more questions and demanded more answers .
I truly understand your anguish regarding your mother and I wish you will be able to find your peace .
I know for myself that my answer has been to document what I know , record what I suspect and take the time to talk to everyone .
As I am doing right here .
David Kumagai , Long Beach , California US
What a wake - up call to all of us to listen and record what we can of our parents past .
My wife and I both had the forethought to record one of our parents on video several years ago .
There are still times when I think of a question to ask of my mother , and feel the frustration of not having asked it earlier .
Entering my 70s , I 'm determined not to leave my children and grand - children uninformed .
Peter Bradford , Maryland , US I too regret not listening to my late father who was always " rambling on " about his 25 years in the army .
I only 20 when he had his big stroke that took away his mobility , determination and pride .
His father was a cobbler from Malta I believe , his mother a local lady from Luton .
He joined the army in 1930 at the age of 15 by lying about his age ; took part in the second day of the Normandy landings ; prisoner of war captured by the Germans ; seen action in Malta & Palestine & mapped for the army in Malaysia .
All that 's left are two exercise books he tried to write after his stroke and which are very hard to read but not impossible .
How I wished I had been a good listener then , as I am now , helping to look after my husbands ' parents both who have vascular dementia .
My mother is still moderately young , born in 1940 .
Her grandfather had owned a big ice factory in Malaysia and many houses , but most was lost during 20 + years of family wrangling .
Hopefully one day before it's too late , I will get to hear all her wonderful stories .
Genevieve Vickery , Bristol , England Experience shows we should take time to ask parents and grandparents about their past before it 's too late .
Behind just a few anecdotes my father told almost too often , I discovered a story of bomb disposal in the extreme conditions of Malta in World War II which became a published book .
Sam Hudson , Herne Bay England
I have spent much of the last two years trying to research , record and preserve my family history .
My search started with a story handed down through several generations , a story which ultimately turned out to be largely exaggerated , if not entirely false .
I quite understand Ms Jardine 's frustration at the loss of knowledge and experience which inevitably occurs with the loss of a person and their memories .
How much easier my own research would have been had all my ancestors recorded everything in diaries .
We live in a privileged age , where recordings of all sorts - CDs , DVDs and books - abound .
But for all that , I wonder if we have n't lost the skill of listening and appreciating the moment .
Rita Coblentz did , after all , give her daughter and others her stories and they are remembered .
The answer to the question , " Why did n't she write them down ? " is almost certainly " Because she did n't want to . "
We are not entitled to the memories and experiences of others .
They are gifts and it is our responsibility to pay attention when they are given .
Leslie Knoop , Woking , Surrey
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ever since the election of Woodrow Wilson , America has been concentrating more and more power and control in the federal government .
With the 2008 elections , the century - long creep towards statism accelerated .
America is not only on the wrong track -- she 's on an express train to Big Government hell .
One bright spot is that the states are standing up to federal overreach .
We see this in the preemptive gun law recently enacted in Montana .
Kahrin Deines writes :
Still , much bigger prey lies in Montana 's sights : a legal showdown over how far the federal government 's regulatory authority extends .
" It 's a gun bill , but it 's another way of demonstrating the sovereignty of the state of Montana , " said Democratic Gov. Brian Schweitzer , who signed the bill .
Progressives are troubled that this is nullification , which " holds that state legislators have the capacity to invalidate federal laws to which they are opposed . "
Nullification goes back to our founding , and latter - day nullifiers cite the 10th Amendment .
Providing historical context ( and some good links ) , Chris Weigant contends that
... calling the Tenth Amendment movement a bunch of nutjobs may be premature .
They consider themselves in the company of Jefferson and Madison , after all .
And they have a few recent Supreme Court decisions to give them hope .
Josh Eboch , a proud " tenther " with the Tenth Amendment Center , writes :
Yet , from the Fugitive Slave Act to REAL ID , American history is replete with examples of states successfully asserting their sovereignty in constitutional disputes with the federal government .
And there is every reason to believe that they could do so again with regard to health care , should it prove necessary .
And the states are resisting Obamacare as , in general , a 10th Amendment violation .
Some states also object to the specifics of Obamacare , such as the individual mandate , which Texas Attorney General Greg Abbot addressed in this open letter .
Columnist George
Will weighs in on judicial review of the individual mandate :
The latter kind of conservatives are more truly conservative than the former kind because they have stronger principles for resisting the conscription of individuals , at a cost of diminished liberty , into government 's collective projects .
So a constitutional challenge to the mandate serves two purposes :
It defies a pernicious idea and clarifies conservatism .
Many are appalled by the sleaze of the Nebraska Compromise , which secured Sen .
Ben Nelson 's key vote , and the Louisiana Purchase , which secured Sen. Mary Landrieu's .
( Could this be vote - buying ? )
The feds have succeeded in pitting state against state .
So state AGs are getting restive , and they may sue over unequal treatment .
In a feisty article , John Boldin writes :
Regarding nullification and health care , there 's already a growing movement right now .
Led by Arizona , voters in a number of states may get a chance to approve State Constitutional Amendments in 2010 that would effectively ban national health care in their states .
Indeed .
On February 1 , Virginia 's Senate passed a bill to outlaw the individual mandate , which seems destined to be signed by their new GOP governor .
" Lawmakers in 35 states have filed or proposed amendments to their state constitutions or statutes rejecting health insurance mandates , " reports the Associated Press .
The states seem to be spoiling for a showdown with the feds over the issue of state sovereignty .
The states ' ( and the Tea Party movement 's ) growing resistance to federal overreach may be akin to the Article V movement , which wants a constitutional convention .
Larry Sabato lists this as the last item in his 23 proposals to revitalize the Constitution : " 23 .
Convene a new Constitutional Convention using the state - based mechanism left to us by the Framers . "
The mere threat of an Article V convention might be enough to get Congress to be more responsive to the will of We the People .
As Attorney John Armor recently explained at American Thinker , the 17th Amendment was ratified only when Congress was threatened with an Article V convention .
That the states are finally asserting their sovereignty is heartening .
But to fully restore their sovereignty and the lost balance between state and federal governments , the states might urge repeal of the 17th Amendment ( which this writer has urged ) and return to the original arrangement where state legislatures elect U.S. senators .
If the states want to see what loss of sovereignty is all about , then they should look at what 's happening to the member states of the European Union .
These once - proud states were at one time sovereign nations , even empires .
The progressives in Washington want the member states of America to be just like those in the E.U. -- shorn of sovereignty .
It 's taken America a century to get in this ditch .
Getting out wo n't be easy .
But it is the solemn duty of the states to resist federal overreach .
What nullification and states ' rights are all about is constitutionalism , rule of law , and federalism -- the bedrock of America 's system .
( Those who need to relearn what America 's system is all about might start by viewing these five videos from Judge Andrew Napolitano ; they 're terrific . )
A team of University of Toronto chemists have made a major contribution to the emerging field of quantum biology , observing quantum mechanics at work in photosynthesis in marine algae .
" There 's been a lot of excitement and speculation that nature may be using quantum mechanical practices , " says chemistry professor Greg Scholes , lead author of a new study published in Nature .
" Our latest experiments show that normally functioning biological systems have the capacity to use quantum mechanics in order to optimize a process as essential to their survival as photosynthesis . "
Special proteins called light - harvesting complexes are used in photosynthesis to capture sunlight and funnel its energy to nature 's solar cells -- other proteins known as reaction centres .
Scholes and his colleagues isolated light - harvesting complexes from two different species of marine algae and studied their function under natural temperature conditions using a sophisticated laser experiment known as two - dimensional electronic spectroscopy .
" We stimulated the proteins with femtosecond laser pulses to mimic the absorption of sunlight , " explains Scholes .
" This enabled us to monitor the subsequent processes , including the movement of energy between special molecules bound in the protein , against a stop - clock .
We were astonished to find clear evidence of long - lived quantum mechanical states involved in moving the energy .
Our result suggests that the energy of absorbed light resides in two places at once -- a quantum superposition state , or coherence -- and such a state lies at the heart of quantum mechanical theory . "
" This and other recent discoveries have captured the attention of researchers for several reasons , " says Scholes .
" First , it means that quantum mechanical probability laws can prevail over the classical laws of kinetics in this complex biological system , even at normal temperatures .
The energy can thereby flow efficiently by -- counter intuitively -- traversing several alternative paths through the antenna proteins simultaneously .
It also raises some other potentially fascinating questions , such as , have these organisms developed quantum - mechanical strategies for light - harvesting to gain an evolutionary advantage ?
It suggests that algae knew about quantum mechanics nearly two billion years before humans , " says Scholes .
Scholes ' colleagues in the research at the University of Toronto include Elisabetta Collini , Cathy Y. Wong , and Paul Brumer .
Other team members include Paul Curmi and Krystyna Wilk of the University of New South Wales .
The research was funded with support from the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada , in part by a Steacie Fellowship awarded to Scholes .
A garbage executive named James Feeley wants to build a giant garbage transfer station in Sunrise that the people do n't want and the city does n't need .
It 's so unpopular that neighboring Tamarac is sending busloads of angry residents to protest it tonight .
But Feeley , who has had extensive business ties with Wayne Huizenga , might not have to worry about those things .
After all , he has a commissioner in his pocket , a buddy in the mayor , and a weak and unfathomably stupid Florida Ethics Commission looking over the situation at the moment .
Feeley 's plan -- which is called " Green Now " and is deceptively billed as a recycling center -- is n't allowed under the city 's current garbage contract and will do nothing for the city except make sure there are a whole lot more stinky trucks full of garbage from other towns , not to mention the 26,000 - square - foot facility itself .
One commissioner , Sheila Alu , is fighting it hard .
Yet the aforementioned mayor , Roger Wishner , and his chief ally on the commission , Don Rosen , are fervently backing Feeley and trying to push through his proposal .
One reason for this is that Wishner , who used to be in the medical waste business himself , is a longtime friend and colleague of Feeley's .
Another is that Feeley contributed $ 5,000 to an electioneering communications organization -- or legalized political slush fund -- called Liberty and Justice for All that funded attack ads against
Rosen 's last opponent , James DePelisi .
And a third reason is that Rosen is being paid by Feeley .
Rosen 's company , Eveton Safety Services , contracts to provide safety instruction with Feeley 's company , Ace Waste .
You would think that since Rosen is being paid by Feeley , he would have a conflict of interest if he voted to approve Feeley 's controversial transfer station .
In fact , such a vote would have all the earmarkings of a corrupt quid pro quo deal that would fall under the state 's felony unlawful - compensation statutes .
Yet somehow , that 's not how the Florida Ethics Commission views it .
A lawyer named Christopher Anderson determined that Rosen can vote on the matter .
Anderson , chief assistant general counsel for the ethics commission , opined that Rosen did n't have a conflict of interest because he was being paid by Feeley 's
Ace firm rather than Feeley 's Green Now company .
UPDATED : Of course , we can all see through this nonsense .
It 's a shell game , and either way , it 's Feeley paying Rosen and Rosen using the power of his elected office to benefit Feeley .
Any idiot can see that , except apparently Anderson .
Even more astounding and troubling is the nearly insane way that Anderson wrote this trip :
This is one sentence from
Anderson 's opinion ( the link also includes letters from Sunrise City Attorney Stuart Michelson ) :
While the votes / measures likely would inure to the special private gain or loss of the requesting company , and to that of its owners ( e.g. , the natural person who is an owner of both the requesting company and the company with which Mr. Rosen 's company does business ) , the facts presented to now indicate that the votes / measures also would directly affect the company with which Mr. Rosen 's company does business , do not indicate that Mr. Rosen , as opposed to his company , is retained by the other company , assuming the other company would be affected by the votes / measures , do not indicate that either Mr. Rosen 's company or Mr. Rosen are retained by the natural person who has an ownership in the other two companies , and do not indicate the company with which Mr. Rosen 's company does business is " a parent organization or subsidiary " of the requesting company .
In addition to the fact that the opinion is based on horrid logic , it 's one of the worst - written screeds in Florida history .
This is the kind of drivel and dreck that comes from the people supposed to be watching over elected officials in our state , folks .
But do n't just blame Anderson ; also blame his boss , Philip Claypool .
If you want to call either one of them to let them know how you feel about their idiocy , the number is 850-488-7864 .
This has got to stop -- and you can do some good by letting them hear your voice .
Basically , Anderson has said that graft is legal in Florida .
According to his official opinion , any businessman trying to influence any Florida politician can pay that politician to do his bidding so long as he finds an out - of - the - way company to provide the cash .
As ridiculous as this is , it 's par for the course for the ethics commission .
This is the same ethics commission , after all , that allowed Broward County Commissioner Stacy Ritter to vote on issues lobbied by the lobbying firm of her husband , Russ Klenet .
The rationale :
If another lobbyist in the firm worked the case , there would be no conflict .
It 's just another shell game .
( Klenet is another Wishner buddy -- it was the mayor who cast the deciding vote to allow Klenet to keep his public contract as Sunrise 's paid lobbyist . )
The funny thing is , these guys , Wishner and Rosen , think that just because of the laughable oversight from the state that they are going to get away with their shenanigans on behalf of Feeley .
The two of them , especially Rosen , better understand that the ethics commission has no teeth when it comes to state felony laws and the FBI , which has been known to poke its nose into Sunrise in the past .
The two of them are also pushing to build the so - called Everglades Corporate Park on the west side of the Sawgrass Expressway .
That time , they were doing the bidding of big campaign contributor Ruden McClosky , the project 's lobbyist , which held major fundraisers for both men before the vote .
The two of these guys have n't brought all that garbage to Sunrise yet , but they already stink .
Several government critics have been killed or badly beaten during the months that the future of Manas was being negotiated .
In a shift from earlier policy , however , the United States has largely refrained from condemning the attacks .
Redundant Clock by Ji Lee
This is a redundant clock , and this is a redundant description .
Subscribe and get comics in your inbox .
Comics by Matthew Inman
The Oatmeal on Instagram View more on Instagram
The woman gracing Kush Colorado ’s centerfold is long - limbed and lovely , but the new magazine ’s real star is the marijuana plant she clutches to her breast .
Billed as the “ premier cannabis lifestyle magazine , ” the slick glossy debuted in Colorado last month , one more sign of galloping growth in the state ’s medical - marijuana business .
The city of Denver has more than 300 medical - marijuana dispensaries , the highest number in the nation outside California .
The pace of growth in the industry prompted the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws to recently name Denver “ America ’s cannabis capital . ”
While Los Angeles has more than 1,000 dispensaries , Denver outstrips the City of Angels on a per-capita basis , with more storefronts selling pot than Starbucks shops peddling coffee .
Colorado debut
Kush Colorado was already on the free - magazine racks at local 7 - Eleven stores , King Soopers and other retailers when the national organization bestowed the title .
In the first four days it was available , shoppers snapped up 20,000 copies from stands at retail stores and dispensaries around the metro area , Kush publisher Michael Lerner said .
Racks are reloaded twice a week .
“ It is flying off the shelves , ” Lerner said .
Articles in Kush Colorado ’s first issue include an interview with comic Tommy Chong —
“ It ’s a magical plant , man .
We should see it as the gift that it is ” — a guide to shopping while stoned and a description of lighting options for those who want to grow marijuana indoors .
Lerner , a Los Angeleno with back problems , dreamed up the idea for a lifestyle magazine that focuses on marijuana after he started using pot to control pain .
Lerner and two other friends launched Kush LA last May .
Though all have credentials to use medical marijuana , they bear little resemblance to the clueless stoners popularized by Chong and partner Richard “ Cheech ” Marin .
Lerner turned to the drug rather than continue a regimen of pain pills that left him groggy , he said .
“ This really is not an addictive drug ; it truly is a medication .
I believe : My body , my choice , ” he said .
Growing demand
Lerner , 48 , is an entrepreneur whose resume includes forming baseball camps for children and adults and producing the 2007 movie “ Three Days to Vegas , ” starring Peter Falk and Rip Torn .
The other Kush magazine founders are Bob Selan , 55 , a lawyer and co-founder of the baseball camp , and Randy Malinoff , a former Web marketing chief for Universal Studios , who has worked in the recording industry .
Kush Colorado ’s 81 pages are dense with ads — many of them full - page and most for medical - marijuana dispensaries — at a time when advertisers are abandoning print in droves .
Colorado is the magazine ’s first foray outside Los Angeles , but it wo n’t be the last .
Kush Michigan and clones in several other cities in California and Oregon are expected to roll off the presses shortly .
Each magazine will feature content that is generated locally .
With medical - marijuana laws on the books in 13 states , New Jersey poised to become the 14th and bills that would permit the drug ’s use pending in others , Lerner expects the Kush brand to circulate in 34 cities by the end of the year .
Demand is so strong that potential advertisers in Michigan clamored for space before Lerner officially announced his magazine was coming to the state .
“ I ca n’t open the markets fast enough , ” Lerner said .
Tom McGhee : 303-954-1671 or tmcghee@denverpost.com
After nine years of research shrouded in secrecy , a Silicon Valley tech firm Wednesday took the wraps off a fuel cell that it says can generate energy by combining air and a wide range of fuels without going through the process of combustion .
The firm , Bloom Energy , said the solid oxide fuel cell -- resembling a Polaroid snapshot both in dimension and thickness -- could be a game - changer in the clean technology industry because it can be powered by either fossil fuel or renewable sources in an electro - chemical process that is both cleaner and more reliable than current options .
In the company ’s plans , thousands of fuel cells would be crammed into a box about the size of a refrigerator called the Bloom Energy Server , each capable of producing 100 kilowatts of electricity , or enough to power 100 average - size homes or a small office building , Bloom said .
Unlike solar and wind power , which can be intermittent , the technology can run all day , and customers can earn back the system ’s $ 700,000 to $ 800,000 cost within a few years through utility bill savings , Sunnyvale , Calif . - based Bloom said .
Several major companies , including FedEx Corp. , Google Inc. , Staples Inc. and Wal - Mart Stores Inc. , have already begun testing the technology or signed on as customers .
The trial runs have so far produced more than 11 million kilowatt - hours of energy while cutting 14 million pounds of carbon dioxide emissions , Bloom said .
At the Coca - Cola Co. 's Odwalla plant in Dinuba , Calif. , a 500 - kilowatt fuel cell installation from Bloom is expected to use biogas to supply 30 % of the facility ’s power needs while reducing emissions by 35 % .
Last year , EBay Inc. set up a 500 - kilowatt system powered by biogas outside its San Jose headquarters , taking 15 % of the campus ’ energy needs off the electrical utility grid .
The fuel cells , which EBay dubbed “ skinny batteries , ” were officially introduced at the company ’s site Wednesday with Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and former U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell on hand .
Bloom Chief Executive K.R. Sridhar , a former NASA scientist , described the technology behind the fuel cell in a statement as potentially having “ the same kind of impact on energy that the mobile phone had on communications . ”
Fuel cell technology has been in development for decades , with hydrogen as the usual fuel source .
But Bloom ’s flat ceramic squares are more versatile , the company said .
“ There are probably another 100 companies that are working on something very similar , ” said Jack Brouwer , associate director of the National Fuel Cell Research Center in Irvine .
“ But the key thing is that Bloom has an integrated system and package ready for commercial sale that puts them ahead of the pack . ”
Bloom was founded in 2001 after Sridhar and his team conducted research for NASA ’s Mars exploration program on using solar energy and water to produce air and fuel .
The company raised $ 400 million from investors , including Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Morgan Stanley .
Brouwer said that for now the technology is probably better suited to powering entire neighborhoods rather than individual homes .
And , while the individual cells seem to have a robust life span , the full system ’s long - term reliability has yet to be proved , he said .
Still , “ it ’s one of the best ways to introduce more renewable power and support the grid , and it does so in a very environmentally sensitive way , ” he said .
tiffany.hsu@latimes.com
DETROIT --
With their collection of highly skilled players , it would seem the Detroit Red Wings would fare better in one - on - one showdowns against goaltenders .
But they have not fared well in shootouts this season , losing some valuable points , including one Thursday at Joe Louis Arena .
The Red Wings dominated the San Jose Sharks , firing a season - high 52 shots at Evgeni Nabokov .
But they left with a bit of an empty feeling , losing
3 - 2 in a shootout , in which Patrick Marleau scored the lone goal .
“ We obviously got to get better at it , ” said Red Wings coach Mike Babcock , whose team fell to 4 - 8 in shootouts .
Said Detroit goaltender Jimmy Howard : “ It ’s just not going our way .
It ’s unfortunate .
We just got to continue to work on it in practice . ”
Pavel Datsyuk , Jason Williams and Todd Bertuzzi failed to score against Nabokov in the shootout .
Marleau scored on the last attempt to win it , as the Red Wings missed a chance to sweep the season series from the Western Conference - leading Sharks ( 3 - 0 - 1 ) .
Babcock said he thinks injuries earlier this season to a couple of the team ’s shootout regulars , Henrik Zetterberg and Williams , has contributed to the poor record .
“ I ’d like to think we ’d do better in shootouts , I ’d like to think we ’d win more , ” Babcock said .
“ But there ’s two parts to it : there ’s stopping it and scoring on it .
We just got to do a better job when we get those opportunities .
“ I ’d like not to get those opportunities .
We should have scored on the four - on - three power play ( in overtime ) and won the game . ”
Including overtime , the Red Wings are 6 - 12 in games decided after regulation .
Williams allowed Detroit to get to overtime by scoring at 12:55 of the third period to tie it at 2 - 2 .
He whipped in a wrist shot from the faceoff circle .
The puck went in and out of the net so fast the goal light did not illuminate and play continued .
A video review at the next stoppage confirmed the goal .
“ We did battle back and get one point out of it , but I thought we had some quality chances to win the game , too , ” Red Wings captain Nicklas Lidstrom said .
“ Their goalie was the difference .
He made some great saves . ”
Said Howard : “ There ’s nothing wrong with the way we played tonight .
Guys did an absolute fantastic job in front of me .
We deserved a better fate .
If we keep playing like that , we ’re going to break through . ”
The Red Wings are winless in their past four games ( 0 - 2 - 2 ) and 4 - 6 - 6 in their past 16 .
They outplayed the Sharks by a wide margin in the first period , outshooting them 19 - 9 , but trailed 2 - 1 after Dwight Helminen scored with 9.7 seconds left in the period .
Helminen , who was left open in the slot area after Jonathan Ericsson was caught out of position , took a pass from Torrey Mitchell and buried a shot past Howard .
Johan Franzen had opened the scoring with a power - play goal at 12:13 .
He took a pass from Zetterberg during a three - on - two rush and snapped a wrist shot from the faceoff circle that deflected in off Nabokov ’s glove .
It was Franzen ’s second game back after a four - month absence following knee surgery and his first goal since Oct. 8 .
The lead was short - lived .
Joe Thornton tied it at 12:38 .
He corralled the rebound of a shot by Niclas Wallin and fought off a check from Lidstrom to tuck it inside the right goal post .
“ Even though we did n’t win , I felt our guys will leave here with confidence , knowing they played well , they played with good tempo and looked like a hockey team , ” Babcock said .
The Red Wings host Ottawa on Saturday before the two - week Olympic break .
Babcock continues to have an optimistic outlook .
“ I like having Mule ( Franzen ) back , with Homer ( Tomas Holmstrom , back from injury ) , we had better balance , we had a big goal out of Williams , we ’re getting to have more weapons , ” Babcock said .
“ We have n’t scored all year long .
I think we ’re the lowest - scoring team in the Western Conference ( 12th out of 15 teams ) .
I think that ’s about to change here . "
Full diplomatic relations were restored in 1990 and both sides have since largely agreed to disagree on the issue of sovereignty .
But anger over the issue still lingers and has been exacerbated by the prospect that Argentina could lose out on mineral wealth discovered offshore .
Advertisements
Republican Sen. John
Thune was on Fox News ’ Studio B program trying to sell the talking point that healthcare reform would raise premiums but host Shep Smith would have none of it .
Smith went off , “ That ’s not true , senator .
That is not true that is not what the CBO said .
I know your talking points .
I know the other side ’s talking points … ”
Here is the video courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
Thune said , “ Republicans are not going to buy into a bill that costs two and a half trillion dollars , that raises taxes on small businesses and individuals , that cuts Medicare , and at the end of the day raises premiums for most Americans . ”
This answer set Smith off , “ No , it does n’t .
That ’s not true , Senator .
That is not true .
That is not what CBO said .
I know your talking points .
I know the other side ’s talking points , but ca n’t we just say look we ’ve got to do something in this country .
This is going to bankrupt us , and you people up there who are supposed to be representing us are making it perfectly clear , you are going to sit in your corners with your own talking points , and we are going to lose .
We ’re going to get nothing , and it ’s clear we ’re not . ”
I do n’t know if Smith was more upset about Thune ’s obvious lie about reform causing premiums to increase , or the fact that his guest spent the entire segment mouthing GOP talking points .
Smith did go on to predict everybody being even more divided if Democrats pass the bill through reconciliation , but in my opinion , as it stands there is no political unity in this country right now anyway , so Democrats have more to gain from passing the bill than they do from no bill at all .
The shelf life on the Republican healthcare talking points expired last fall .
This is why the anti-reform forces have been losing momentum .
I think it is very clear that come hell or high water , the Democrats are going to get this bill through the Senate .
Shep Smith is correct though .
While the Senate is locked in a test of wills , 14,000 people lose their access to healthcare every day .
The politicians have lost touch with the issue , and this is why I think it is going to be a long election night in November for incumbents of both parties .
Judd Gregg : ' If you 've got 51 votes , you win '
" The point is this , " Sen .
Judd Gregg says in this 2005 defense of the Republicans ’ use of the budget reconciliation process .
" If you 've got 51 votes , you win . "
The idea " that it is outside the rules to proceed within the rules , " Gregg laughs , " is a very unique view on the rules . "
He 's right !
Sadly , he has now adopted that unique view on the rules , complaining that reconciliation is " running over the minority , putting them in cement and throwing them in the Chicago River . "
Obviously , Democrats were similarly hypocritical at the time , arguing that reconciliation was a terrible abuse of power .
And so it goes : People start from their preferred outcome and then make up principles that support it .
But at all times , the most convincing argument is the one Gregg uses above : Elections generally work on the principle that if you have 51 percent of the vote , you win .
That 's how we ratified the Constitution at the Massachusetts Convention .
That 's how we elected Scott Brown and Ronald Reagan .
That 's how the House of Representatives passes legislation .
And it's how the Senate should work .
Reconciliation is a limited and strange process with problems of its own , however , and it would be far better for Democrats , Republicans and the country if we just dismantled the filibuster .
Instead , we 're left with a situation in which the minority uses a rule that was n't supposed to be the way the Senate generally votes to impose a 60 - vote requirement and the majority uses a process that was n't meant to be the way the Senate debates to restore a 51 - vote rule .
Loser ?
The country , which gets worse policy made under worse circumstances .
stickykey :
You do n't need press very far away meta keys
script karma Rating 0/0 , Downloaded by 980 Comments , bugs , improvements
Vim wiki created by tyru script type utility description latest version at http://github.com/tyru/stickykey.vim/
This plugin provides Sticky Key to you .
With Sticky Key , you can emulate < C - o > by " ;o " .
( In this case , < Plug > ( stickykey - ctrl ) is mapped to " ; " )
And I suppose you are using GNU screen :)
Inputting screen 's hotkey is a little complicated .
But you can send key input to screen fastly , certainly , and easily .
MAPPINGS
< Plug >( stickykey - ...- remap ) works like recursive mapping .
< Plug >( stickykey - ctrl )
< Plug >( stickykey - ctrl-remap )
Sticky key for |ctrl| .
< Plug >( stickykey - alt )
< Plug >( stickykey - alt- remap )
Sticky key for |alt| .
< Plug >( stickykey - shift )
< Plug >( stickykey - shift - remap )
Sticky key for | shift| .
< Plug >( stickykey - command )
< Plug >( stickykey -command-remap )
Sticky key for Macintosh command key .
( see |< D- | )
VARIABLES
g:stickykey_when_no_escaped_key string ( default : " thru " )
This variables determines when stickykey can not find
escaped input with meta key .
For e.g. , while waiting the next key after pressing
" < Plug >( stickykey - ctrl ) " , < C - o > is input .
This variable can be any one of those :
" nop " :
Behave like no key is input .
" thru " :
Execute key without escaping with meta key .
" again " :
Dispose current key input , wait next input again .
install details just install to your ~/.vim directory rate this script Life Changing Helpful Unfulfilling script versions ( upload new version ) Click on the package to download .
package script version date Vim version user release notes stickeykey .zip 0.0.1a 2011-01-28 7.0 tyru fix error : j is undefined variable stickeykey .zip 0.0.1 2011-01-27 7.0 tyru - refactoring
- add experimental options to g:stickykey_when_no_escaped_key ( " input " , " mapping " ) stickykey .zip 0.0.0 2010-02-25 7.0 tyru Initial upload ip used for rating : 176.9.113.70
Zanu - PF wants MDC leader Morgan Tsvangirai to do more to restore aid Fresh elections may be needed in Zimbabwe after political leaders failed to end their deadlock , former opposition party the MDC says .
But MDC spokesman Nelson Chamisa did not give a timeframe for any new polls .
It says President Robert Mugabe 's Zanu - PF failed to keep promises made when the MDC joined a unity government .
Relations remain fraught between the two long - time rivals who started sharing power a year ago to halt their country 's economic collapse .
" In our view it 's a deadlock .
We realise there is disenchantment among the people .
MDC ( Movement for Democratic Change ) spokesman Nelson Chamisa told journalists in Harare .
OUTSTANDING DISAGREEMENTS
Harassment
MDC accuses Zanu - PF of campaign of violence , Zanu - PF dismisses claims as ' outrageous ' Senior officials
MDC says central bank governor and attorney general must be replaced , Zanu - PF disagrees Roy Bennett
MDC says terrorism charges against him should be dropped , Zanu - PF says courts must decide Provincial governors
Mr Mugabe refuses to swear in MDC nominees White - owned farms
MDC says farm seizures must stop , Zanu - PF disagrees
Polarised lives of rich and poor Mugabe allies block land audit Zimbabwe exodus to SA continues " If the deadlock persists then our trajectory is to have free and fair elections , " he said .
A Zanu -PF spokesman however blamed the MDC for the impasse .
The MDC says its activists are still being harassed and wants key officials appointed by Mr Mugabe , such as the attorney general and central bank governor , to be replaced .
It is also angry about the terrorism charges levelled against its treasurer , Roy Bennett , who the party has nominated as deputy agriculture minister .
The party wants regional mediator South Africa to intervene .
Last November , Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai called off the MDC 's boycott of the unity government after regional mediation .
He said he was giving Mr Mugabe 30 days to deal with the issues .
Zanu - PF in return says the MDC has not done enough to attract foreign aid and investment since it joined the government .
The unity government has managed to halt Zimbabwe 's economic collapse but donors remain wary of resuming funding .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I graduated in the early ' 80s , back when the net was what you used to pull fish out of the water .
My fellow graduates and I had come to accept the " spray and pray " model of education used by our teachers : Spray us with facts for 12 years , and pray that enough of them stuck , that by the time we got the handshake and diploma we were well informed enough to survive the adversities of the real world .
YouTubing Ourselves to Death read more
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners Hurrah !
Tyee Reporter Katie Hyslop Celebrates 10 - Year Tyeeversary
She ’s covered education , youth and housing issues for a decade now , and we ’re lucky to have her .
Though my buddies and I may not have received a " good education , " it was certainly good enough at the time .
I was the only one of the crew who took up a career in teaching , yet , we are all now teachers in a sense , as we help our own kids get through school .
Our generation grew up in a world of pinball machines , handwritten bankbooks , and record players .
Yet here we are with receding hairlines and greying temples , watching our children spread the familiar textbooks and fill - in - the - blank worksheets onto the kitchen table .
This should give us pause .
Our parents could never have guessed what kind of world our generation would encounter ; the fate of our children is even less certain .
We do n't know what answers they will need to seek out -- those facts might not even exist yet .
We do n't even know the questions they will have to ask .
There is no worksheet or textbook that will prepare them for what lays ahead .
The real crisis in education today is that we continue to reward students for memorizing facts that they could easily look up , while failing to require them to develop the critical thinking skills that they will require to make sense of a world more complex than we can imagine .
Revisiting a critical thinking mentor
Dr. Roland Case instilled in me the importance of critical thinking back at SFU , when I was a student teacher in the early '90s .
He was kind enough to pick up the conversation with me when I called him recently .
" I do n't think passing on information was ever taken by any serious person to be the main objective of schools , " he tells me .
" Rather , we are supposed to teach the facts through the skills and what emerges is understanding . "
He surmises , " Facts on their own are pretty useless . "
Maeve Talbot - Kelly , a family friend who attends Grade 11 in Sechelt , agrees .
" Most of the facts that we have to learn are seemingly pointless , " she tells me .
In particular , Maeve likes science , but cannot understand why she has to learn " tonnes of facts about atoms and tiny molecular things .
It 's such a waste of time , " she confesses .
Despite being a bright student with high marks ,
Maeve has a hard time recalling when she was last really challenged to understand a concept at school and offers to get back to me .
" It is always learning about a subject and being tested on the facts , " she tells me resignedly .
Dr. Case points out that although the Ministry of Education will say that students must develop understanding of a subject , many educators misinterpret that to mean handing out information and asking them to regurgitate it .
I ask Dr. Case to help me probe around this one .
If strict recall of information , as he says " is not the goal of education , has not been the expectation of ministries , it is not what has been asked for , " then why does it still take place in this system , especially in light of web browsers that allow students to look up far more than they could ever possibly remember ?
He explains that multiple - choice tests that emphasize recall of information are easier for students to write and easier to mark .
The high - stakes tests , such as the B.C. provincial exams , are largely multiple choice .
" Multiple - choice tests signal to kids that much of what you have to do is memorize facts and then you can forget them the next day , " Dr. Case laments .
' It 's on the provincial exam '
Maeve Talbot - Kelly tells me that her teachers will emphasize the importance of particular bits of information by telling students that " it is on the provincial exam . "
Since her teachers are not allowed to know exactly what content will appear on the exam , she explains , " they have to teach us everything . "
The problem at this point seems straightforward :
We ask for understanding , but test for memorization .
What we should be doing is testing for the ability " to use that information in thoughtful ways , " as Dr. Case puts it .
He feels that although the Internet has not created the deficit of thinking skills , the glut of information it presents to students who do not know how to make sense of it , " makes it even more unfortunate . "
It is interesting that when safety is at issue in the real world , we test people for what they can do , not for remembering facts .
Apprentice welders have their work subjected to stress - tests , drivers must complete a road test , pre-service nurses must prove themselves in clinical .
Dr. Case and I discuss how students should also be tested on what they can do , rather than just recall , in the academic areas .
A provincial exam could look like this :
We could give them a situation based on what they had studied , and then present them with a set of documents , and a problem to solve .
He explains , " They would have to justify their answer in light of what they have learned . "
So , instead of being asked to circle the correct answer to a series of questions on Confederation such as " What year did Confederation occur ? " students would be given some readings that give varying views on Confederation .
They would then have to answer the question " How has Confederation affected you as a Canadian ? "
To respond to this question , students would have to show that they understood what it meant .
They could not just guess at the answer .
" These authentic tests do not look like traditional ones , but they can be done in two hours on a large - scale basis , " he concludes .
Developing these skills will allow students to read various accounts of a news item on the Internet , then use those various perspectives to decide what they really think about the issue at hand .
It will also allow them to read a blog posting and decide for themselves whether or not the writer is drawing upon appropriate evidence to reach particular conclusions .
Where we need to go
Though we might agree that deeper understanding of content and critical thinking skills are what are needed for today 's students to make sense of what they find online , fundamental changes such as this will require a lot from everyone involved and will undoubtedly draw resistance .
Dr. Case recalls developing critical thinking measures for the Ministry of Education some years back .
Eventually , " they pulled them from the survey , because the teachers thought that the kids would not do well on these items and certain officials did not want to have measures that would show up these shortcomings . "
This raises a valid point .
We can require a certain depth of understanding and test for critical thinking , but must be careful not to overshoot our mark .
What will we do if the students are just not up for it ?
Dr. Case recognizes this and says that our goal must be to make learning " more enticing , " not harder , if we want school to remain relevant in the face of the plethora of information that students are encountering online .
Too many students , he tells me , are under the impression that education is about finding a fact in a textbook and moving it to a slot on a worksheet .
What is required are " more challenging tasks , " he concludes .
Do n't cover the subject , uncover it
There is an adage in education that teachers should be " uncovering " the curriculum rather than merely " covering " it .
The complaint from teachers has been that there is not enough time to really explore any subject in the depth required to really get students thinking about it .
The ministry has recently made a significant gesture in the right direction by reducing the amount of curriculum that teachers have to cover in most subjects so that they can do just that .
As Dr. Case articulates , " The danger in trying to cover all of the facts is a paradox -- you miss what is important . "
For example , a Social Studies 11 curriculum document makes clear that students are expected to be able to " explain how Canadians can effect change at the provincial and federal levels . "
Understanding this is necessary , but it is not easy for the average sixteen year old .
In order to really get it , they must go through the process of identifying unfair laws , then impressing their point of view on those who can do something about it .
This takes time .
It is so much easier to just assign a passage from the textbook , give them a worksheet to fill in and draw up a list of terms to remember for a quiz sometime down the road .
Hopefully , an exercise like the former , that might have them emailing an MLA and posting a response to an article in an online publication such as The Tyee , will engage students more than the strictly academic exercise of putting the right word into the correct slot .
If so , then young people might accept the learning they acquire at school as relevant in that it will help them in their lives beyond high school .
We have an important job here in teaching them how they will make sense of a world that continues to get more complex with each day .
I am not saying that this will make them like school , but that , with time , it might start to make some sense to them .
Social Media
As we all know , Social Media is a fantastic way to connect with your clients , visitors , members or fans .
Adding social media icons ( Facebook , Twitter , Snapchat , Instagram , etc. ) to your site through our builder can be accomplished with just a few clicks !
If you work hard at adding beautiful pictures to your Instagram account , you can add them to your website too , all very easily in the site builder .
Nasty Bits lovers , if you think I 'm cooking heart for Valentine 's Day , then you underestimate my mettle .
Why talk about matters of the heart , when we 've yet to cover penis ?
The Chinese believe the organ to possess all kinds of medicinal properties related to virility and general health .
Though I harbored no presumptions about its libido - enhancing abilities , I was curious about the culinary merits of eating penis :
Namely , is it delicious ?
Even more pressing , what does the organ taste like in the first place ?
A quick search yielded the somewhat opaque answer that the penis is primarily vascular tissue , composed of tubes with names like vas deferens .
Knowing something about its anatomical breakdown brought me no closer , however , to imagining the taste .
Flesh , fat , skin , tendon , and even cartilage are all parts to which meat eaters are exposed .
An organ composed of vascular tissue , on the other hand , calls to mind spongy textures and very little flavor .
Lucky for me , my favorite Korean market regularly carries packs of beef " pizzle , " the typical euphemism for penis , so acquiring the organ was the least of my worries .
The first time I bring home an entirely new cut of offal , I start testing with a simple pan - fry in the trusty cast iron skillet .
Doing so allows me to get a feel for the texture and flavor , a gauge for how I should proceed next .
I cut a section of the pizzle into half - inch slices , salted and peppered , and tossed the pieces into the cast iron .
The moment the pizzle hit the skillet , the slices of tissue , which were spongelike and soft when raw , seized up immediately , shrinking and curling into hard little sections resembling dried scallops .
When I tried to eat the pan - fried pizzle , the texture was so tough as to be inedible ; the more I chewed , the more the pizzle resisted my molars until finally , I gave up and spit it out .
A long simmering , then , seemed the only option .
Stewing the pizzle was easier conceived than done .
Having tossed the sections of penis into a beef oxtail soup , I found three hours into the cooking time that the meat was tender and cooked through , yet the pizzle seemed only slightly less tough than before .
I retrieved the sections from the pot of soup and tossed them into a slower cooker before bedtime .
The next morning , I awoke to find that the penis had been stewed into irreparable flaccidity : soft and sticky with a gummy texture , the chunks tasted curiously neutral — not even bland but simply lacking any flavor whatsoever .
Confounded , I emailed Fuchsia Dunlop , cookbook author and researcher extraordinare , to ask for her advice and possible recipe ideas .
( In an interview years ago , Dunlop recalled having eaten beef penis in a Sichuan - style beef soup . )
Dunlop kindly obliged and offered her instructions as to how to proceed , with the qualification that she herself found the part to be not particularly delicious .
As Dunlop wrote :
I 've found one recipe for Chonginq ox penis soup in a book : Chongqing is actually where I tasted it myself , and this soup is a local speciality .
The recipe instructs you to peel off the outer skin , and then cut in half lengthwise along the urethra .
Then clean and thoroughly soak in cold water for 30 minutes .
Bring it to boil in a large potful of water , then skim and add ginger , Sichuan pepper , Shaoxing wine , an old hen , and then cook slowly over a gentle flame , turning from time to time so it does not stick to the pot .
When it 's just over half cooked , strain out the whole spices , then bring back to the boil and continue to simmer over a v gentle flame .
When it 's nearly cooked , remove the penis and cut into bite - sized strips , then return to the pot with some gouqi ( goji berries , wolfberries ) , bring back to the boil , then simmer until very tender .
The cooking takes a total of about ten hours , and the chicken should be set aside for other uses before serving ( you do n't serve it with the penis in the soup ) .
Season to taste with salt before serving , and a little lard if desired .
I went back to the Korean market for an old hen and more pizzle .
Then , proceeding as per Ms. Dunlop 's instructions , I whiled away Superbowl Sunday stewing the penis , checking every so often on its progress .
By the eighth hour , the sections of pizzle had softened considerably ; the broth had turned a golden yellow hue .
By the tenth hour , the pizzle seemed to have thoroughly softened .
I retrieved the penis from the broth , thinly sliced the sections , and seasoned with more salt and lard .
The warm slices of pizzle were slimy and sticky , with the texture of a cooked gummy .
I set them aside and waited an hour or so for the pizzle to cool down ; then , dressing the slices in soy sauce , vinegar , and sugar , I tossed the whole mixture with finely chopped cilantro and tried eating again .
Firmed up , the texture of the pizzle had improved considerably , bearing a close resemblance to beef tendon .
The taste , however , was still bland .
Even dressed in soy sauce , the pizzle had none of the beefiness of beef tendon .
The broth was heavily bodied , yet it was also strangely flavorless .
The goji berries , one of my favorites additions to tea and hot pot , provided a pleasantly sweet flavor to the broth .
The Sichuan peppercorns lent just a touch of their signature numbing sensation .
Sipping it , I felt considerably warmer , though more no strengthened than usual .
Hours of stewing , three pounds of beef penis , and one Fuchia Dunlop–inspired recipe later , I 'm no closer to determining once and for all if pizzle is tasty to eat .
That said , if prepared in the special Chongqing style , beef pizzle is not an altogether bad dish , especially given its purported benefit .
Still , it probably wo n't be what I 'd serve on the special day .
Happy Valentine 's
Day to those who have found their better halves and those who are still seeking that special someone with whom to share a pig 's head .
So infamous a womanizer was the Italian - born libertine Giacomo Casanova that , a full two centuries after his death , his name remains synonymous with the art of seduction .
But if not for the years he spent in the employ of Count Waldstein of Bohemia as a librarian , Casanova , " the world 's greatest lover " — - a one - time consort of European royalty , popes and cardinals , and man known to the likes of Voltaire , Goethe and Mozart - — may have been consigned to obscurity .
As it was , he barely found the peace to write his memoirs .
" Casanova is buried fourteen steps in front of the church of Saint Barbora , a little bit in the right direction . "
RP : To the right : and that 's one step for each year he spent here ?
Is that the symbolism of it ?
" Maybe ! [ laughs ]
Maybe it is something from the Kabbalah !
Some people say he knew a lot about Kabbalah , the Jewish ' black magic ' ... "
RP : Like Madonna .
The singer .
She 's a student of it .
" Yeah , yeah . " [ laughs ]
RP : Nevermind .
" But Casanova was better . "
Chateau Duchcov ( Dux ) , photo : CzechTourism
Jakub Mracek is my guide through the Chateau Duchcov , or Dux as it's known in German , where the " world 's greatest lover " spent the last fifth of his life .
During his 73 years on this earth , Giacomo Casanova studied for the priesthood , became a Free Mason , an alchemist , a doctor of law , and , most probably a spy for the same Venetian Inquisitors who exiled him from the tiny nation state of his birth .
As my guide Jakub has alluded to , Casanova was also well - versed in the Kabbalah , the mystic interpretation of Jewish law .
The legendary Italian libertine dabbled in the occult and was believed by many of his contemporaries - to say nothing of his countless lovers - to possess magical powers .
RP : Is there some mystery about the grave itself ?
" No ... but about the grave there is some story :
The Count of Waldstein made a cross on the grave of Casanova - a very big cross - and because , after the death of Count Waldstein nobody [ here ] remembered who Casanova was , the grave was very much destroyed after one hundred , two hundred years , and at the beginning of the 20th century it was in a very bad state .
And when women went to mass , to church on Sunday , they sometimes damaged their clothes on this very big cross .
And so they say that Casanova does n't leave the women [ alone ] even after his death . "
RP : So , even after his death he can't leave women in peace ?
" Yes . "
RP : But that cross has now been removed ?
" Yes .
There is no grave [ or even ] churchyard there . "
RP : So we could n't see his grave now ?
" No . "
Whether or not Giacomo Casanova had magical powers , we shall never know .
But one thing is for certain : Casanova , who took some 116 lovers in his lifetime , by his own reckoning ( including at least one nun and his own daughter , Leonilda ) died at Chateau Duchcov lamenting his impotence , both literally , in terms of the loss of his sexual prowess , and figuratively , for his inability to improve his station in life .
Casanova 's study in Duchcov , photo : Archive of Radio Prague
" In this corridor , you can see a lot of pictures of towns and cities around the whole of Europe , and Asia , and all these places Casanova visited during his life .
For example , Madrid , St. Petersburg , Moscow , Istanbul , Paris , of course , and London , Venice and so on ... "
RP : I read that he travelled something like 60,000 kilometres over his lifetime .
" It could be , yes . "
For a man who was feted as an adventurer and spent a lifetime travelling - much of it on the run from church and state authorities , and jealous men - Casanova had a rather short commute to work in his final employ , as librarian to the great collection of Count Josef Karl Emmanuel von Waldstein .
Mracek : " He had to go across the yard , through this gate ... and upstairs to the tower . "
In the year 1785 , the Waldstein family library already exceeded some 40,000 titles .
But Casanova - as librarian - did little , if anything , to collate or catalogue the dusty volumes .
He read a great deal , to be sure , but spent the majority of his time in Bohemia writing letters to his shrinking pool of friends , and philosophising .
Casanova : " I had women , I played , I joined in the fun , I bawled , I scorned and was never slave to my passions , but they gave me pleasure .
Of not hiding myself , I made my profession ... "
Count Waldstein shared Casanova 's love for gambling and magic tricks - but was all too often absent .
Isolated for months on end at the Chateau Duchcov , Casanova retreated to the world inside his head .
Casanova : " What pleasure in recording pleasures !
But what punishment to bring them to my mind . "
While in Bohemia , in hopes of winning fame as a writer and gaining back his fortune , Casanova wrote what is considered to be the first - ever science fiction novel , he also translated Homer 's Iliad and Odyssey into Italian , and wrote a mathematical treatise on squaring the cube .
Jakub Mracek : " Casanova 's job was to do some system in this huge library , but he did nothing .
All the years in Duchcov , he only wrote his books and his correspondence . "
Indeed , Casanova 's chief occupation was the writing of his memoirs .
He spent on average , 13 hours a day in his study at Chateau Duchcov writing the twelve - volume " Histoire de Ma Vie " or " The History of My Life . "
Casanova : " I 'm a writing my life in order to laugh at myself and I am managing very well .
I write 13 hours a day and they fly past like 13 minutes .
I am enjoying myself because I invent nothing .
What distresses me is the obligation I have at this point to conceal names , since I cannot divulge the affairs of others . "
Written in an idiosyncratic Italianate French , it would ensure Casanova in death the fame that had proved so fleeting late in his life .
In celebrating his past , Casanova also made up for the drudgery of his daily life in Bohemia .
Not a day went by when Waldstein 's servants did n't torment him with minor indignities .
Mracek : " The helper of Count Waldstein , he tore some portrait of Casanova from one of his books in the library and used it as toilet paper .
He was very unhappy here , of course . "
The cook purposely spoiled his meal or served the Italian dandy scalding soup out of malice .
Nearly everything was a cause for a quarrel , from the preparation of the morning coffee to the freshness of the milk he took it with , to the macaroni Casanova wanted prepared in the Italian way , but which never was .
A witty conversationalist , Casanova had found himself the odd man out in German - speaking Bohemia .
Jakub Mracek again :
" He spoke five languages : Italian , of course ; Latin , Greek , French , and English . "
RP : No German ?
" No German : he hated the language very much .
That 's one reason he was very unlucky to be here , because all people around him in Duchcov spoke German . "
" Other people - the personnel - in this chateau very much hated him and he was very unhappy here .
The personnel could speak only German , so he was n't very popular . "
A man who once dreamed of becoming a priest , Casanova came to delight in seducing the wives and daughters of his benefactors , and had little time for guilt .
Casanova : " Happy are those who -- without harming anyone -- pursue pleasure , while mindless are the others to imagine that the Supreme Being will be cheered by their suffering and pain and the abstinence they offer up in sacrifice . "
While in Bohemia , Casanova was visited by the German poet Goethe and helped Mozart 's librettist finish the opera Don Giovanni [ Don Juan ] , ahead of its premiere in Prague , where , in 1791 , he also witnessed the coronation of Emperor Leopold II .
But there were few such happy occasions during Casanova 's fourteen - year stay at Duchcov .
Giacomo Casanova was born into a family of Venetian actors , in April of the year 1725 , grew to manhood in the age of The Enlightenment , and was exceptionally tall for that time , standing 1.9 metres , or 6 ' 3 " .
Thanks to his " Histoire de Ma Vie " , he became a great chronicler of the social history of the Age of Reason , although he would be remembered -- indeed , immortalised -- for the naughty bits , for his raging libido .
Casanova died in June of 1798 .
His last words : " Great god and all witnesses of my death : I lived as a philosopher and die a Christian . "
That may well be , but his spirit -- or so my guide , Jakub Mracek , tells me -- is not at rest .
" In our chateau , we have the spirit of Casanova : so , if you want to see him ... "
RP : Casanova 's spirit lives here ?!
" Yes , of course !
He has to write his memoirs because in " Histoire de Ma Vie " he only wrote about 49 years of his life , so .... "
The chair upon which Casanova died , photo : Archive of Radio Prague
RP :
" Yes , he must finish it . "
RP : So where does he do his work ?
Presumably - whoa !
[ secret passageway opens behind a sliding bookcase ]
That 's a surprise - I was n't expecting that .
We now see the man himself .
He 's got a great Roman nose , I must say , and ... he 's working in a hidden room .
So , this was his secret writing chamber ?
" No [ laughs ] .
It 's just for visitors to the chateau ; it 's not original . "
RP : So he did n't have a secret chamber ?
" No . "
MEDIA & IMPACT REPORT :
The official website for the Copenhagen Climate Conference has been taken down , and traffic is being redirected to : “ The Official Website of Denmark ”
Near the end of the proceedings at last months U.N. Climate Change Conference in Copenhagen , news was posted to the official Conference website ( COP15.dk ) that capturing Carbon Dioxide ( CO2 ) at the source ( of industrial emissions ) and storing it underground is not likely to become a measure supported by the UN - backed Clean Development Mechanism ( CDM ) this year .
A committee under the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change ( UNFCCC ) has discussed the issue , but delayed any decisions until future summits .
Please do n’t bother clicking on the above - mentioned COP15.dk link though , because less than a month after the conclusion of the conference , this newslink is now unavailable , along with all the rest of the COP15.dk website !
Instead , all traffic is being directed to “ The Official Website of Denmark ” .
What we ’re left with , as a reference on this historic event less than a month later , is a mere footnote that states : “ this page contains a selection of some of the most popular content from Denmark ’s Host Country website for UN Climate Change Conference 2009 – cop15.dk ”
What possible reasons could there be for taking down this official site so quickly ?
What benefits could possibly be derived from removing this enormous resource ?
Most importantly , what are the perceived repercussions of such an obviously hasty demise of what should have our greatest reference point on Climate Change at the end of 2009 , if not an actual public launchpoint as we move forward through the Post - Copenhagen letdown , and proceed with all the work adn understanding that still needs to be accomplished ?
Even though we are already 10 % of the way into the 21st Century , perhaps it still might be too much to expect that we should have been able to innovate and apply apply the formidable network technologies ( and all their associated ingenuity ) to enable a more meaningful understanding of our collective challenges and opportunities , and perhaps even effect some genuine and dramatic change upon our shared views of the World .
At least we should have been able to clearly communicate the social and technical intricacies of a subject that affects our entire species , rather than bickering about politicized views and dogma with circular arguments within linear Comments sections .
From it ’s very outset however , the official COP15 site was found lacking in it ’s role to inform and manage the expectations of the entire Human Race on the subject of Climate Change .
Considering the enormous scope of such an undertaking , we can at least offer COP15.dk a passing grade , and be thankful that we had alternatives to fall back on for clear explanations , incisive reporting , and progressive advancement of so many critical subjects that affect our climate …
In the absence of any clear and progressive leadership .
Take for example the important subject of “ Carbon Capture and Sequestration ” ( CCS ) .
According to the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change ( UNFCCC ) , this important area of study and industrial development has been indefinitely sidelined by the results of Copenhagen , at least according to the now UN - available news release .
Instead , at the new repository for the entire COP15 Conference , a search for “ carbon capture ” now yields 4 ( FOUR ! ) results only .
In a forthcoming Environauts report , we will be looking at where the Future of CCS can take us , but suffice to say that we have little to go on according to the results of the Copenhagen Conference .
So why would the COP15 organizers wish to leave us in the dark ?
Perhaps this closure of the official COP15 site simply results from the Danish government wishing to capitalize ( or at least benefit ) from the enormous residual traffic still going to the COP15.dk site ?
Perhaps the endless streams of destructively polarized debates in the Comments sections at COP15.dk were too volatile to survive as a testament to the times we ’ve just lived in .
Perhaps it was just easier to pull the plug on COP15.dk , than to properly archive and disable all the functions that might have represented too much of a serverload moving forward .
Perhaps this resource was just too burdensome to maintain , at this early turning point in the 21st Century .
Like any of the many of the other critical subjects and announcements previously covered at COP15.dk , we ’re now left to take matters of CCS into our own hands .
Luckily Google has cached the basic pronouncement made on CCS last month , as a reminder to take nothing for granted from the Past , since it can be just as fleeting as the many un -formed possibilities that await us in the Future …
Google may be getting lots of positive buzz for Buzz , but arch rivals Yahoo and Microsoft are dismissing the new service — which aims to turn Gmail into a communications hub where users can share updates and watch what others are doing around the web , a la Facebook — as lame catch - up ball .
Yahoo public relations wrote to " update " reporters on Yahoo Updates , just an hour after Google 's announcement :
It ’s been almost a year and a half since Yahoo ! first launched Yahoo !
Updates – a social feature that lets people share their status , content and online activities and stay connected to what their friends and family are doing on Yahoo ! and across the Web [...]
There are now more than 200 Yahoo !
and third - party sites that feed into Yahoo !
Updates – like Flickr , Twitter , YouTube , Yelp and Yahoo !
Buzz – allowing people to see and share updates such as when they ’ve uploaded photos , changed their status , buzzed up a news story or posted a new restaurant review , all from Yahoo !
Additionally , Yahoo !
recently announced an expanded integration with Facebook that will allow people to connect with Facebook friends on Yahoo ! and share Yahoo !
content with Facebook friends as well .
You 'll note that Yahoo already has a product called Buzz – its Digg - like social news service that 's been around for nearly two years .
A Google spokeswoman said Buzz is just a generic term , and that Yahoo had no trademark on its name , so it should n't be a problem .
That 's not likely a sentiment being shared in Sunnyvale , where Yahoo is struggling to redefine its place in the world of online media and technology .
The company just largely tilted towards the media side of that equation by outsourcing its search operations to Microsoft – after failing to keep up with Google 's ad , search and online software innovation .
Watching that rival brazenly use one of their own product names has got to feel like Google 's got no sense of fair play .
And while Buzz is really intended to deflate Facebook , Microsoft quickly took harsh shots at the product – calling it both late and unnecessary .
" Busy people do n't want another social network , what they want is the convenience of aggregation , " Microsoft said Tuesday .
" We ’ve done that .
Hotmail customers have benefited from Microsoft working with Flickr , Facebook , Twitter and 75 other partners since 2008 . "
The protests are a bit too much .
Microsoft is n't a leader in the social world , despite its investments in Facebook .
Its online services remain also - rans in the market – Hotmail 's heyday was in the late 1990s , and its current stellar Maps product relies on users installing Silverlight – a Microsoft - centric browser plug - in .
Meanwhile , Bing is still playing catch - up to Google dominant search engine .
It 's way too early to tell if Google 's Buzz will catch on and actually develop into a compelling alternative to Facebook – or even better , turn into a standard , like e-mail , that lets people do social networking without having to be a member of any site .
It might just go the way of Google 's previous social efforts like Orkut , and become a footnote on the company 's Wikipedia entry .
But clearly , Microsoft and Yahoo have n't succeeded here , either .
Otherwise , there would be no need to remind tech reporters that they tried this first .
The true target – Facebook , the insular social networking site that wants to keep users and their info on its own site – made no public statements Tuesday .
But you can be certain the halls of Facebook were buzzing with the news .
Art : Edgeworks
See Also :
In January I reported that anti-gay pastor and Rick Warren buddy Martin Ssempa had held a screening of gay porn to scare up support from the public for the pending anti-homosexuality bill .
He held another screening today , after police blocked plans for his Million Man " Kill the Gays " March .
The screening took place in a packed Kampala church , AFP reports :
" The screening was attended by around 300 supporters crammed into an evangelical church in the Ugandan capital after plans for a ' million - man march ' were thwarted by police .
' We had planned to have a million - man and - woman march in Kampala but unfortunately we were told that we could not march because of security concerns , " Martin Ssempa told the crowd .
' The major argument homosexuals have is that what people do in the privacy of their bedrooms is nobody 's business but do you know what they do in their bedrooms ? , ' the pastor asked .
Ssempa then displayed a slide show of gay pornographic pictures .
' This one is eating another man 's penis , ' the pastor said , before going into even more graphic descriptions .
' Is this what Obama wants to bring to Africa ? ' he said , following fierce US criticism of a Ugandan bill drafted last year that would further criminalise homosexuality . "
Ssempa is Pastor Rick Warren 's right - hand man in Uganda .
Kathleen Parker writes in the Washington Post today that Warren should be more involved in stifling the dangerous Ugandan situtation :
" It may not be Warren 's personal calling to comment on ' political process . '
But is neutrality really an option for one of the world 's most powerful Christian leaders when state genocide of a minority is proposed in the name of Christianity ?
If we decide that genocide is too political for interference , then what good is moral leadership ?
… The proposed law is a case study in the unintended consequences of moral colonialism . "
Over 14,000 people showed up to watch a naked sledding event sponsored by a local radio station in Braunlage , Germany over the weekend .
Thirty men and women stripped down to briefs and jumped on sleds to enter the contest and race down the slope .
A guy won , but it does n’t make it any less fun to watch the girls give it a try .
NSFW pics of the event are located here .
You ’re welcome .
We love our digital gadgets -- “ magic ” devices that define cool and promise to remake our lives for the better .
But there is growing evidence of a dark side to the techno - magic .
Your cellphone , and any other wireless device that depends on electromagnetic ( EM ) microwave radiation to function , may be hazardous to your health .
Most of the bad news comes from major labs and research institutions in Europe .
What they ’re reporting is that using cellphones and Wi-Fi transmitters -- which operate using similar frequencies -- can have biological effects on the brain and body .
The scientific debate remains heated and far from resolved , as the Health section in The Times reported last week .
But the research to date suggests a number of chilling possibilities as to what EM radiation may be doing to us .
For example , in 2008 , neuroscientists at Swinburne University of Technology in Australia strapped Nokia phones to subjects ’ heads , then turned the phones on and off .
On -- the brain ’s alpha waves spiked .
Off -- the brain settled .
The researchers speculated that the effect was the result of the brain “ concentrating to overcome the electrical interference in brain circuits caused by the pulsed microwave radiation . ”
Swedish neuro - oncologist Leif Salford , chairman of the department of neurosurgery at Lund University , has found that cellphone radiation kills brain cells in rats , especially those cells associated with memory and learning .
The damage occurred after an exposure of just two hours .
In duplicating earlier research , Salford also found that cellphone microwaves produce holes in the barrier between the circulatory system and the brain in rats .
One potential outcome , according to Salford , is dementia .
Meanwhile , Austrian researchers reported in 2004 that cellphone radiation can induce double - strand breaks in DNA , one of the undisputed causes of cancer .
So why is n’t this a bigger issue in the U.S. ?
Partly because there are countervailing studies and other scientists telling us not to be worried , that the risks are low or that we just do n’t know enough to say that the risks are real .
Consider the biggest study being done on the question of whether cellphones cause cancers of the brain , mouth and ear -- the 13 - country Interphone study conducted under the auspices of the International Agency for Research on Cancer in France .
The study ’s epidemiologists have looked at cancer patients and worked backward to establish cellphone habits .
The study , alas , has been fraught with controversy .
The multinational researchers -- U.S. scientists conspicuously not among them -- have fallen into warring camps , and the full study has not been released .
However , pieces of the study have been made public .
One Interphone study , for example , found that after a decade of cellphone use , the chance of getting a brain tumor goes up as much as 40 % for adults .
Another Interphone study reported a nearly 300 % increased risk of acoustic neuroma , a tumor of the acoustic nerve .
But still other Interphone researchers say their data show no increase in brain tumors -- or any tumor -- caused by cellphone use .
The cellphone industry lobby , CTIA -- the Wireless Assn. , recently said in a statement that “ peer - reviewed scientific evidence has overwhelmingly indicated that wireless devices do not pose a public health risk . ”
Meanwhile , watchdog groups keep it vague .
“ The available science , ” says the Food and Drug Administration , “ does not allow us to conclude that mobile phones are absolutely safe , or that they are unsafe . ”
So whom to believe , and what to do ?
First , consider research done by Henry Lai , a biologist at the University of Washington : Only 25 % of studies funded by the wireless industry show some type of biological effect from microwave radiation .
Independently funded studies , however , are far more damning : 75 % of those studies -- free of industry influence -- show a bioeffect .
Some 30 % of funding for the Interphone research was provided by industry , which critics say has resulted in a favorable skewing of some Interphone data .
Obviously , we need to demand more independent research into microwave radiation .
In the meantime , we should also treat cellphones and other wireless gadgets with less adoration and more suspicion , and as individuals we may want to follow the lead of many nations and regulate the way we use them for ourselves .
For example , Belgium , France , Finland , Germany , Russia and Israel have publicly discouraged use of cellphones by children .
( Independent research in Sweden last year concluded there was an astonishing 420 % increased chance of getting brain cancer for cellphone users who were teenagers or younger when they first started using their phones . )
France has gone so far as to issue a generalized national cellphone health warning , banned cellphones in elementary schools and considered outlawing marketing the phones to children .
The personal equivalent ?
For starters , do n’t get rid of your land line .
Buy a hands - free device ; keep your cellphone away from your head , face and neck .
Do n’t carry it in your pocket for hours on end ( there ’s some evidence cellphones are n’t good for your sperm count ) .
Salford , the neuro - oncologist , has called the unregulated use of cellphones by 4.5 billion people worldwide “ the largest human biological experiment ever . ”
It ’s only common sense to do what you can to take yourself out of the guinea pig pool .
Christopher Ketcham is the author of “ Warning : Your Cell Phone May Be Hazardous to Your Health ” in February ’s GQ .
This was inspired by American friends ' confusion over whether they are hated or not , and why .
Although it includes some of my own views most of the reasons people give here are common to average people , plus some opinions of reporters and other bodies .
This has been written during the fallout of the terrorist attacks on North America on 2001 Sep 11 , during which both towers of the World Trade Center collapsed , killing over 2000 1 people , the Pentagon was attacked leaving over 100 dead , and other bombs and hijackings ( some of which failed ) occurred .
Many of today 's achievements would not be possible without the help or aid of the USA .
Many medical , technological advances and much human aid and third world relief comes from this rich nation .
This page is educational in that it is a description and analysis of criticism of America .
My personal stance is one of vague indifference .
I do n't hate America .
Its foreign policies are increasingly unacceptable and its current government 's attitude to some of the issues below ( pollution , environment , arms race ) is appalling , immature and short sighted .
But at some point , during the times I have spent in America I have kind of fallen in love with it .
Feedback :
I am willing to entertain communications about facts that need altering .
But the opinions and feelings of people are sometimes in contradiction of the facts and this text is primarily an account of feelings .
There is no need to get into an argument with me over whether peoples ' feelings are " true " or not !
2003 Aug 28 : I have started to add some quotes from " Why Do People Hate America ? " by Ziauddin Sardar and Merryl Wyn Davies ( 2002 ) 2 .
This book , wrote nine months after I wrote my initial page by the same name , is a worthwhile read .
It covers many of the same subjects as I do except some of my sources are not as respectable .
However much of the book is centered around analysing the self - perception of Americans , especially of those under the influence of USA - style war films .
The book , therefore , contains a wealth of information on such war films and highlights the inherent pro-USA slant that all such films take , and their bludgeoning of known history .
But , in my opinion , the book concentrates on this far too much !
I do believe that my simple page contains much more varied and balanced material .
1 . Who hates America ?
Before considering why people hate America , let us first consider who hates America
“ Shock , rage and grief there has been aplenty .
But any glimmer of recognition of why people might have been driven to carry out such atrocities , sacrificing their own lives in the process - or why the United States is hated with such bitterness , not only in Arab and Muslim countries , but across the developing world - seems almost entirely absent . ”
Seumas Milne ( 2001 ) 3
It is true that a lot of developing nations hate America .
“ Dave Winer posted something yesterday which gives me hope : " People do n't sacrifice themselves for no reason .
Let 's find out what it is .
And if we did something wrong ( no doubt we did ) let 's apologize , ask for forgiveness , and then ask how we can do better . " ” Jeff Kandt ( 2001 ) 4
Unjustified hatred
There is much unjustified hatred in the world .
There is unjustified hatred of the USA .
Much of this arises from the victimisation complex that sweeps much of mankind .
Whoever is in charge , whoever is powerful or successful will also be hated .
This immature hatred often evaporates quickly with a little reason or thought .
The second section of this essay lists some invalid , unjustified criticisms .
The most widespread hate is the hate by people the world over who fall victim to their own shortcomings , and want a scapegoat .
When people are willing to kill themselves for a cause it is not due to a whim or immature persecution complex .
People willing to go this far ... and to maintain that mentality for periods of time to organize an attack and carry it out have got more of a grudge than a mere jealousy or shallow hatred of success .
I will dismiss several " unjustified " causes of hate in the second section of this essay .
This essay is not geared to these shallow reasons .
Intellectual hatred
The most prevalent form in Western nations of anti American feelings is due to intellectualized reasons .
In short this amounts to opinions on America , its actions .
Intellectual hatred is based on principles , morals , and historical hatred based on past conflicts and actions of the USA .
Distaste of America in Europe
1 )
“ ... the German foreign policy analyst Josef Joffe , in a smart essay in The National Interest journal titled " Who 's Afraid of Mr. Big ? " Mr. Joffe argues that one reason no alliance has formed against America yet is because , while resentment of America is rife , particularly among European elites , the attraction of America - its culture , universities , movies , food , clothing and technologies - is just as strong , and today no power in the world can balance it .
For every European elitist who resents America for what it is , there are 10 Euro - kids who want what America is .
" America is both menace and seducer , both monster and model , " says Mr. Joffe . ” Marshallz10 ( 2001 Jun 16 ) 5
In Europe , it is largely intellectual hatred of America that people take with them after abandoning childhood jealousy .
Perhaps choosing to intellectualize their distaste by concentrating on North America 's poor spots in history and current affairs , rather than fully fall in love with it and its globalisation , materialist dreams and multicultural freedom .
2 )
“ Opinion polls show that half the German population is openly critical of US leadership for a number of reasons :
Its failure to consult its allies as promised .
Its refusal to sign up to joint action against global warming .
Its protectionist stance on trade issues such as steel and agriculture .
” BBC News ( 2002 ) 6
Protests in France , Germany , Spain and Italy have surrounded President Bush 's visits to these countries this month .
10,000 security officers are to be mobilised in one of the largest police deployments in Berlin 's history as Bush visits during a time of massive open scorn from European citizens .
Distaste of the USA in North America
1 )
“ I believe every American should be forced to commiserate with people from other countries while they are growing up .
Only when I talked to people from outside my borders did I realize how insanely myopic the entire establishment of the US is .
People here really can't seem to understand why the world gets mad at us .
It is not evil that 's the problem here I think , just incredible , earth - shattering , incalculable , painfully entrenched ignorance . ” " spf2119 " ( 2001 ) 7
2 )
“ As for hating the States .... as an American in Canada , it 's given me the opportunity to see my country from an external point of view .
And there 's a lot of bad shit going down in it .
But there are a lot of good things as well . ”
PixelFish ( 2001 ) 8
Hatred of America in Muslim nations and Arab nations
The main reasons , the overwhelming cry , is that the USA has bombed , suppressed Islamic nations and restricted them financially , commercially and politically .
This has snowballed since the demise of the perception of a " Communist threat " .
There is utter desperation that Washington is crusading against Islam and that recent events are only an excuse to continue a Christian oppression .
Many Muslims believe that the American people have been deceived by their government .
Others just want the endless poverty and strikes to stop .
There is a strong feeling of repression and of being hated .
A mood of resentment toward America and its behaviour around the world has become so commonplace in their countries that it is bound to breed hostility , hatred , and then renewed physical violence .
We call it " terrorism " , they call it " retribution " against America , symbol of Western oppression .
Hatred becomes action
Hatred becomes action not due to apathy or indifference , but when a person wishes to act .
I theorize that the unjustified hatred does not in itself cause the desperation or fanaticism required to stimulate a person to engage in violent or destructive behaviour .
So this page , in the third section , summarizes many of the intellectualized and reasons that people feel are based on values and logic which cause them to dislike America .
Americans Do Not Know the Reasons
Reading the summary of the reasons in the third part of this essay will shed light on the mindset and feelings of those who do not like America .
Americans themselves do not know or understand the reasons .
In the poll I refer to below where Americans were asked to pick the main reason " why those who attacked us and their supporters hate the United States ? " , the 26 % of Americans who answered in the top category surely do not have a grip on reality !
They hate us because of :
our democracy and freedom " ( 26 % ) " our support for Israel " ( 22 % ) " our values and way of life " ( 20 % ) , and " our influence on the economy and lives of Middle Eastern countries " ( 17 % ) .
our economic and military power ( 11 % ) .
Harris Interactive poll ( 2001 ) 9
Points 1 and 3 together make about half the population who apparently suffer from severe solipsistic confusion about the world .
The media critic Nick Davies blames much of this ignorance on the media , whose selective reporting leads to an imbalanced view of the world :
“ American media consumers may stand back aghast in January 2006 when Bolivia elects a new president , Evo Morales , who immediately declares his antipathy to their nation .
They do n't know what he 's talking about : the news factory has left them in ignorance .
It simply has not told them , for example , the story of the Bolivian trade union leader , Casimiro Huanca , who was shot dead in December 2001 by troops which had been trained and supported by the American government to crack down on cocaine production .
This incident generated considerable hostility towards the US Embassy there , and no coverage at all in the international mass media .
Too far away , too expensive , too boring , too un-American . [...]
It was exactly this same blind focus in the news factory which left the American people after the attacks of September 2001 asking in genuine ignorance : ' Why do they hate us ? '
In the same way , it has left them for decades in overwhelming ignorance of the behaviour of US security and intelligence agencies which has created such hostility to their country . ”
" Flat Earth News " by Nick Davies ( 2008 ) 10 , 11
The first step to understanding anti-USA hatred is to step outside of USA media , and see the USA 's actions abroad and their effects .
2. Invalid Criticism of America ?
Some criticisms that are not valid , are immature , or just plain ignorant
Here are some criticisms that are not really valid .
They are immature , or just plain ignorant .
This page is n't really about immature hate , which vanishes with maturity or thought and rarely becomes action .
Language - American English
I find that the continuous jokes and criticism of American English to be immature and pointless .
It is a natural occurrence that cultures separated by distance or time will develop an increasingly foreign language .
Making fun of American accents or particularities of their language is dumb and plain ignorant .
Every language has inconsistencies and irregularities , and the American language has just as many as ordinary English .
I also find that most American 's recognize that American - English is not the same as English , there does n't appear to be an attitude that American English is better .
This is a criticism that American 's can hold against us ; that many Brits are Language elitist , and this is bad .
It seems to be a particular weak spot of ours .
Success & Jealousy
As the world 's richest nation , jealousy does give rise to hatred .
Many level headed people will subconsciously feel its effects , even though they may recognize it as what it is , many wo n't .
There is much unjustified hatred of America .
Much of this arises from the victimisation complex that sweeps much of mankind .
Whoever is in charge , whoever is powerful or successful will also be hated .
This immature hatred often evaporates quickly with a little reason or thought .
The second section of this essay lists some invalid , unjustified criticisms .
Power & Jealousy
As a public world - police force , people are prone to resent it in the same way they resent any authoritarian figure or large institution .
The American government is more prone to corruption given its powerful position and size , and if it is corruption you despise you should fight that , but try not to actually place blame for its existence , when it is a universal problem .
As a symbol of Western power and aggression , the USA is frequently made a scapegoat for the evils of commercialism on the rest of the world .
USA is the biggest , most ego - filled nation and therefore the clearest and most gratifying target to tarnish .
Which is stupid .
Misc items
The lack of an National Health Service in the USA is a shock to those who automatically assumed that such widespread aid was a part of basic Human rights .
But ... the USA does have provisions for people unable to pay for their own medical aid .
Although it is more stringent , America simply operates differently , and its system is not necessarily inherently worse than Europe .
It is a complex issue , and not one that people should use to judge an entire nation by .
Also , America has land .
Everything is big .
Streets are wide , houses are massive , estates are endless and expansion unchecked and carefree .
Plain old jealousy once again arises in many .
With pollution and the environment playing on city dweller 's minds constantly , it is assumed that large houses are a result of a selfish and indulgent consumption of fuel .
Europe is infamously and becoming seriously short of living space , so luxurious " waste " of space and short sightedness is assumed , when it is not the case .
Note that in many countries religious , ideological and political circumstances lead to a government or mass media using the USA as a scapegoat , in short executing a low key propaganda campaign against the USA , out of economic and social interest .
Some governments and cultures come to unfairly use the USA as a rallying point for their own patriotism - and although there is economic truth in the claim that the USA is suppressing them , the spin that is put on it is false : individual Americans are not out to " oppress " the rest of the world .
A mutual misunderstanding occurs :
The USA feels victimized as a result of seemingly irrational hatred , and the populace of other countries feel oppressed via American commercial interests .
Neither side is irrational , merely looking at it from a victimized point of view , as is human nature for the majority of the untermensch that live in both the East and West .
3. Why Do People Hate America ?
Controversial : A summary of the reasons for hatred of America
Ex-colonial countries like the United Kingdom , France , etc , have all committed atrocities .
They all have people and nations who still reserve some hatred for them due to past events , wars and politics .
And rightly so .
I fear that this list may be seen as a list of why people should dislike North America .
This is not the case .
These are the reasons that people feel account for their hatred of America , and are not always logical or solid .
Looking into them you will find opposing points of view on whether America deserves some of the criticism it received .
I wish to give a non-American point of view on anti-American sentiment without appearing " anti-American " myself .
Misc. Different Reasons
Here is a quote from some Americans on the Internet :
“ Are you an American ?
Are you paying attention to what your government is doing overseas ?
All over the world , and in the middle - east in particular , the US government is pursuing a foreign policy that many people consider immoral .
We have supported , trained and armed dictators , illegitimate governments and racist and brutal regimes .
We have largely ignored the pain and suffering this has caused . ”
Jeff Kandt ( 2001 ) 4
So let 's get down to the intellectual hatred .
Hatred that people derive from politics or events , or at least try to justify in those terms .
The quote above mentions overseas policy .
Notably , one of the buildings attacked on the Attack On America day was America 's Foreign Policy office , by car bomb .
There are people in the Western world also have a hatred for America .
Frequent sources of this are modern events and trends in American politics .
Dislike also arises from American home issues , such as corporal punishment , the lack of a National Health System and illiteracy and homeless demographics .
Also , America 's liberal stance on the accessibility of fire arms is seen by many as a route through which many illegal weapons move across the world .
Naive : America does not know that it is hated
It seems that many American 's do not realize that they have long ago surpassed the UK and other colonial countries as the most hated country .
At present Afghanistan has gained many critics , but I feel that this is a temporary reaction to current events .
President Bush has recently said that these terrorists hate democracy and freedom , and therefore attacked the USA .
( See my entry on Patriotism for reasons why this assumption alone annoys people ) .
I believe that the attacks were a result of anti-American hatred more than anti-Democratic sentiments .
In the aftershock , it has came to the attention of the Americans themselves that anti-American hatred exists and is rife throughout the world .
You would not expect the media , at other times , to report or summarize the reasons as I have done here .
But , I would not be shocked as I have seen it myself , to see an article in British newspapers summarizing our own historical atrocities and current pressures we are under .
History of war
Every military conflict and strike causes innocent people to resent the attackers , even when the attacks appear necessary from our point of view , of course it does feel like that to your average person on the street .
I could therefore list every conflict that America has been involved in , supplied weapons to one side , both , or more , made a profit from or secured oil from .
But such a list would basically involve listing nearly every conflict across the world .
So I do not iterate through such a list here , I instead mention a few conflicts that tie in with the rest of the essay .
I may do a separate essay for this list , later .
“ Unconstrained by any superpower rival or system of global governance , the US giant has rewritten the global financial and trading system in its own interest ; ripped up a string of treaties it finds inconvenient ; sent troops to every corner of the globe ; bombed Afghanistan , Sudan , Yugoslavia and Iraq without troubling the United Nations ; maintained a string of murderous embargos against recalcitrant regimes ; and recklessly thrown its weight behind Israel 's 34 - year illegal military occupation of the West Bank and Gaza as the Palestinian intifada rages . ”
The Guardian ( 2001 ) 3
America , as a self - identified military big brother , has been harassing much of the developing world for multiple decades .
Strongly anti-communist sentiments have seen a departure from democracy in American foreign politics and an embrace of political fascism ... if you are not democratic , or trying to be so , historically the chances are the American government has been funding attempts to take your government out !
“ Three years ago , in response to embassy bombings , America attacked a pharmaceutical factory in one of the poorest countries in the world .
The Clinton administration said that the Sudanese factory was linked to Osama bin Laden and involved in the production of chemical weapons .
In the following months , that justification fell apart .
Although it was not widely reported , it appears that our leaders reacted too hastily , with tragic results .
While there were few injuries from the bombing itself , the people of Sudan have suffered enormously as a result of losing this crucial source of medicine .
Please , let 's not let that happen again . ” Jeff Kandt ( 2001 ) 4
Every army blunders .
The more powerful a country , the more these cause hatred of it in the world and the easier they are forgotten by the more affluent !
The more a country engages in war , the more long - term resentment is going to be created .
Nagasaki and Hiroshima
The hundreds of thousands that died have created in Japan little hatred .
What emerges from Japan is the voice for peace , forgiveness and memory .
We all live downwind from Hiroshima " We live today in a world downwind from Hiroshima and Nagasaki where the air , water and soils have been contaminated " ... " Nobody is going to marry one of them [ girls ] ever again "
A Photo - Essay on the Bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki
Something surprised me .
Recently I heard Muslims calling for America to pay the price for the massively indiscriminate killing of hundreds and thousands of people .
So therefore , Nagasaki and Hiroshima make their strangely surprising entry on to this page .
Although I could not say that I understand people bringing this up , for some it is a reason or justification of why they hate America .
Biological Weapons
Also , the Bush administration have waived an agreement to allow Biological Weapons inspections of all countries , and not just certain Developing nations .
No -one expected this refusal , and everyone was deeply shocked by the revelation that America itself is interested , or has , these kinds of weapons .
That 's the message that comes across .
America shows a disrespect for Global consensus on all fronts , frequently ignoring the UN and international agreements .
“ George Bush 's administration yesterday blasted another lethal hole in the vital structure of multilateral arms agreements that has so far protected most of the world from the worst dangers of the modern military age .
America 's lone , wanton wrecking of long - running negotiations to enforce the 1972 treaty banning biological or germ weapons is an insult to the pact 's 142 other signatories , a body - blow for the treaty itself and a major setback for international efforts to agree practical curbs on the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction .
By this action , the USA suggests that its national security interests , narrowly defined , and the commercial interests of its dominant biotechnology sector should take precedence over responsible global collaboration to meet a common threat .
By rejecting the proposed inspection regime , it further , dangerously , suggests to others that the USA is not really worried about germ - warfare controls and wants to develop its own , advanced biological weapons .
This in turn could have a serious impact on continuing efforts to bolster the equally important chemical weapons convention .
Since Tony Blair 's government has been particularly active in promoting the BWC enforcement protocol , it may now be expected to be particularly active in condemning this latest piece of Bush vandalism .
Jack Straw should summon the US ambassador , a Bush appointee , to the Foreign Office and demand an explanation .
The US move confirms a pattern of reckless , unilateralist behaviour on arms control , as on environmental and other issues .
Since taking office , Mr Bush has spoken in grandiose terms of the need for " new thinking " and for a " new strategic framework " .
But to date , this supposed post - cold war global security " vision " has largely amounted to trashing existing agreements without any clear idea of what to put in their place . ”
The Guardian ( 2001 ) 12
“ AMERICA was heading for a new confrontation with its allies yesterday after it emerged that the Bush Administration will refuse to accept an arms control deal to enforce a ban on biological weapons .
Following the controversy caused by Washington 's rejection of the Kyoto protocol and its decision to challenge the ABM treaty on missile defence , the move is likely to lead to a new diplomatic row with its allies in Europe and Asia .
At issue is a draft agreement being negotiated in Geneva to enforce the 1972 Biological Weapons Convention which bans the development , production and stockpiling of germ warfare agents .
The treaty has been ratified by more than 140 countries , including the United States , but until now there has been no mechanism to enforce it .
After six years of negotiations , representatives from around the world are due to meet in Geneva today to finalise an agreement that would allow inspectors to visit sites which could be used in making biological weapons .
... Washington has now made it clear that it is unacceptable in its present form and , despite the likely international backlash , America will reject the deal .
" We have problems with the protocol , " a White House spokesman said at the weekend .
" We think that more work needs to be done . "
Developing germ agents in a laboratory is relatively easy to do and notoriously hard to detect , as inspectors discovered in Iraq [ ... ] .
Donald Mahley , the American representative to the talks , is expected to say today that the protocol is too weak to catch countries trying to conceal their germ warfare programmes , but strong enough to hurt American industry . [...]
Whatever the reasons , the move is likely to be regarded abroad as further evidence that America is entering a new isolationist era , where its own domestic concerns are placed above its global responsibilities .
Supporters of the protocol insist that while it is not perfect , it is better than nothing . ”
The Times ( 2001 ) 13
I believe that there are arguments defending America 's refusal to co-operate with this seemingly benevolent motion .
But , frequently , the shock that America did not sign such an important treaty is enough to cause fear and resentment that can override people 's willingness to find out why America does not support the anti-biological weapon ban .
The Land Mine Treaty
“ THERE WAS AN EMPTY chair at the Geneva meeting this past week on implementation of the 1997 Mine Ban Treaty .
The 138 signers of the Treaty were reviewing progress made in removing mines , treating victims , and destroying stockpiles [...]
The empty chair was a symbolic invitation to governments that have not yet signed the treaty .
Among these are Iraq , North Korea , Libya , China , and Russia .
Sad to say , that empty chair in Geneva also beckons the United States .
The refusal of America to sign the Mine Ban Treaty represents a particularly embarrassing contradiction , since President Clinton , during a 1994 speech to the UN General Assembly , became the first leader of a major power to demand elimination of all antipersonnel land mines .
In 1996 , Clinton pledged in public that the United States would spearhead an international campaign to rid the world of antipersonnel land mines . ”
The Boston Globe ( 2000 ) 14
I believe that , due to a situation in Korea ( which is now obsolete ) , the USA found itself requiring the use of landmines , and there are some good arguments for their use in that particular scenario , as a purely defensive weapon .
But over time , all landmines become serious pests .
It seems that the general feeling is that support of landmines is not in the long - term interests of any country , after the wars , landmines always remain a dangerous and stubborn evil .
Some other countries also shunned this move :
“ The repeated U.S. proposal for " exemption on the Korean Peninsula " - a move to justify its estimated two million US - made land mines sowed along the DMZ dividing the peninsula into north and south Korea - was flatly turned down by the 89 nations , including all of America 's NATO allies .
In the wake of U.S. refusal , which maintains its illegal Armed Forces on the peninsula in violation of Washington - Moscow trusteeship , ( agreed upon in 1945 after Korea 's liberation ) north Korea also refused to sign the treaty , followed by China , Russia and India . ” A Japanese Website ( 2001 ) 15
The Arms Trade
There have been no wars between major powers since 1945 , but there has been an estimated 138 wars resulting in 23 million deaths .
“ The Korean War , which caused 3 million deaths and the Vietnam War , which killed 2 million people , were the most deadly conflicts .
All 138 wars were fought in the Third World , and many were fuelled by weapons provided by the two major powers or their allies [...]
The surfeit of weapons , especially small arms , left over from this era is a key enabling factor in many conflicts now scarring the world [...]
Yet the arms trade continues . [...]
The five permanent members of the security council provide 86 % of the arms exported to developing countries .
In 1992 , the United States alone accounted for 46 percent . ”
" Our Global Neighbourhood : The Report of the Commission on Global Governance " by United Nations ( 1995 ) 16
The biggest five arms exporters are the USA , Russia , UK , France , and Germany .
The USA 's biggest customer is Israel , but , all powers are guilty of selling obscene quantities of arms to unstable countries .
Despite the widespread condemnation , sometimes it appears it is good to sell weapons to ( for example ) a government that needs to keep its army operable in order to secure peace within its own borders .
But this is n't where lots of the weapons that we sell go .
The USA in particular tends to arm opposition parties and rebels in countries where it disagrees with the government , and has as such armed and directly trained groups such as the Taliban in Afghanistan , not always caring that many supported groups have atrocious human rights records .
Oil , Bush , Kyoto
“ The USA drew worldwide criticism for failing to adopt the greatest international agreement for the reduction of some greenhouse gases , The Kyoto Protocol , which has been accepted by nearly every other country .
This is despite the fact that the USA is by a massive margin the world 's biggest polluter and very disproportionately so .
President Bush has repeatedly stated that he will not adopt such protocols if they harm American economy .
Commercialism and greed overcome all common sense and thought for the welfare of future generations .
See my complete page on " Oil , Pollution and Kyoto " .
This failure causes hatred not only of the Bush administration , but of American commercialism in general . ”
" The USA Versus the Environment : Oil , Pollution and Kyoto " by Vexen Crabtree ( 2002 )
Widely known as the world 's greatest polluter , America has recently not backed pollution treaties to reduce car emissions or petrol consumption .
The US alone accounted for 36.1 % of worldwide greenhouse emissions in 1990 17 .
“ The US contains 4 % of the world 's population but produces about 25 % of all carbon dioxide emissions .
By comparison , Britain emits 3 % - about the same as India which has 15 times as many people . ”
BBC News ( 2002 ) 18
Many environmentalists understand that developing countries do not have the technology or means to use the most modern or environmentally friendly industrial equipment .
But when such a rich country as the USA fails to take responsibility for its own pollution it really annoys a lot of people worldwide .
I wrote this page just to concentrate on the USA and President Bush 's effect on the Kyoto Protocol because I receive so many emails from people expressing a hatred of the USA because of these issues .
“ The message was : 'US corporations have the right to pollute the entire planet .
The people and the environment do n't matter . ' ”
Bianca Jagger ( 2001 ) 19
Some people have been forced to wonder if , as a Democratic government 's partial job is to protect people from the Capitalistic inequality that arises when anarchy reigns , the American government can still be considered to be working for interests of people anywhere in the world , or if it is indeed simply the world 's largest corporation .
Short term strategies & long term suffering
Because it is a symptom of being a young , yet powerful , nation that many of the US 's military techniques do not appear to be planned with long term humanitarian effects fully taken into account .
Downwind from Nagasaki , people still die from cancer .
Long after the USA left Korea , Landmines still kill people .
The damage done by pollution takes decades to recover .
Emitting 25 % of the world 's pollution , the USA has not only left it too late , but appears to going for a world - wide after - effect this time !
Heavy handed commercial aggression
Some British and Europeans complain that the USA uses its media influence and commercial domination as a method to force goods , such as produce and foods , into foreign markets .
Patriotism & Self Righteousness
There appears to be something about the very language employed by Americans that causes resentment and rejection .
For example , the recent attacks on America were hailed as attacks on freedom and democracy .
Although not democratic , the sequence of targets , the American symbol of power and commercial trade , the Pentagon , head of the military and the Foreign Policy offices , do not show an attack on Democracy but a very specific attack on America .
To hear American 's claim that any such attack on America is an attack on freedom itself is to claim that America is synonymous with freedom , which is enough to make any non-America cringe and wonder if the speaker has ever even left his country .
The targets attacked were not icons of democracy , they were pillars of American commerce , American military power , American government ( failed attack ) and American foreign policy .
“ Mr Bush said the US had been " awakened to danger " and " called to defend freedom . ”
BBC News ( 2001 ) 20
The attacks are wrong , misguided and desperate , but they are not an attack on freedom .
Potentially coming from a country that has been fought over , bombed and attacked by American power for over 30 years , the attacks are more of a desperate attempt to strike back at America in particular , in any way they can rather than any poor attempt at attacking freedom itself .
The language employed stinks of a kind of patriotism akin to complete indifference to the rest of the world and ignorance of America 's own problems .
There is a very showy , macho , self - gratifying kind of righteousness in American speech about themselves which people either assume is intentionally ironic and over the top , or they are shocked and end up thinking that American 's actually think like that .
Even I would be shocked if I thought they mean to communicate things in the way they do , sometimes , I like to put it down to differences in our usage of English , rather than think that President Bush really feels that America has been " called to defend freedom " .
The amount of self loving literature in American culture is assumed by many to be an indication that America 's population deep down feel bad about their country .
I was asked once , " Vexen , why do you think they did n't blow up the statue of liberty ? " and my reply , which I admit is tongue - in - cheek , may well reflect the opinions of many :
“ Perhaps they find the Statue of Liberty to be such an ironic facade that they could n't bring themselves to destroy such a hypocritical monument , which serves in the mind of many to be a symbol of commercialism gone wrong , democracy fuelled by military power . ”
Vexen Crabtree ( 2001 )
“ It is this record of unabashed national egotism and arrogance that drives anti-Americanism among swaths of the world 's population , for whom there is little democracy in the current distribution of global wealth and power . ”
Seumas Milne ( 2001 ) 3
A love for one 's own country is not inherently bad , it stinks of counterproductive pride , but as long as it kept in moderation by knowledge of your countries own weaknesses and wrongdoings then it is acceptable .
Patriotism combined with ignorance is the worst kind of pro American evangelist .
World War 2 : America is self glorifying ?
I would rarely consider this a point of hatred , but it is enough to cause many Europeans to verbally attack USA over its own opinion on its activities during World War 2 .
People curse , shout and argue at great lengths with seemingly unmovable Americans , and complain bitterly that America 's late arrival in the war is not something they should boast about .
It continues , for example , in the film Saving Private Ryan ( based on a true story of a British expedition to rescue British prisoners ) , where an all - American ground force takes on Germany ; whereas America sent very few soldiers into war .
America only began to send men into the war against Japan after Pearl Harbour , and the numbers and aid that America put into the world are pale in comparison to the massive war efforts conducted by Russia ( who crushed Germany with 20 millions of ground troops ) , France ( for its bitter , endless and determined self defence ) and the UK .
The UK 's air force and special forces were consistently very brave and effective ( even though some of ground invasions of German held territory were ludicrously ill fated ) .
America did supply vast amounts of material goods , but it did not throw itself , or its soldiers , into combat wholeheartedly .
America 's most consistent aid was against the Japanese , and not until Japan attacked America directly , and even then America eventually resorted to the massively indiscriminate nuclear bombs rather than " waste " men on resolute Japan .
The USA appears to be very self - glorifying , and there are multiple generations in the UK , France and Europe who upset and angry at America 's rewriting of history .
Russia 's men , France 's entire population , and UK 's air force , were the principal opponents of Germany , aided by American equipment ( which for example was loaned and leased to the USSR , not merely given ) , for which the allies were grateful , but not tricked that the USA did not have its own interests at heart , like all countries in the ideologically - charged political atmosphere of the time .
USA s entry to the war was forced , not chosen , their motives were self - defence not world - wide good such as was the case with UK , and their effort was slow and half - hearted , public opinion only turned in favour of the war at a very late date .
“ In his war memoirs Churchill boasted that only in July 1944 did the British Empire yield to the United States in the number of divisions engaging the enemy .
[...]
The British and the American effort was dwarfed by the Soviets , who were then engaging about 70 per cent of all German divisions , something Churchill neglected entirely to mention . ”
Alex Danchev ( 1994 ) in the " The Oxford History of the British Army " by Becket and Chandler ( 1994 ) 21 , 22
There is an element of misunderstanding here , as Europeans consider World War 2 to be principally France , Europe , UK ( with late American aid ) , Russia versus Germany , mostly forgetting about Japan .
Whereas many American 's will rightly remember Pearl Harbour and the Japanese more prominently , and probably give the combat in the Indonesian islands and the Pacific more importance than Europeans do .
Country Casualties Russia 20 000 000 China 10 000 000 to 15 000 000 Germany & Japan 6 500 000 inc. 1 000 000 German civilians Bengal 1 500 000 ( mostly indirect in 1943 ) Yugoslavia 1 300 000 UK + colonials 620 000 Italy 500 000 France 500 000 Hungary 350 000 approx .
Poland 350 000 approx .
Romania 350 000 approx .
USA 300 000
“ The Soviet economy had suffered enormous devastation . [...]
The death of an estimated 20 million [ Soviets ] is an index of the enormous costs of the war to the Soviets .
Although the United States had suffered some 300,000 casualties , the ratio of Soviet to American war deaths was about seventy to one . ”
" American Foreign Policy " by Kegley & Wittkopf ( 1987 ) 23
The Final Truth is that without any of the allies , the war would have been lost .
without material aid from the USA , Russia and the UK would have taken many more years to finally defeat Germany - if at all .
USA bombers and UK fighters ( Battle of Britain ) were the only serious returns we made on Germany other than Russian ground forces .
The much repeated phrase that " USA saved Europe " is very much untrue , and completely dismissive of the intense war that actually occurred far from the USA and for years without USA involvement .
Russia saved Europe , so did the UK , so did France and the other allies ... for any country to claim that it is more of a benefactor than the others is untrue and shows an emotionally disturbing lack of empathy .
I would reckon that historically only the poor , suppressed Russian civilians and soldiers could claim to have saved anyone .
24
Obesity
Amazingly prevalent in the world 's richest nation , obesity is a cause of disgust .
The USA 's obesity levels are embarrassing to absolutely everyone .
America is frequently ridiculed for its inhabitant 's unwillingness to walk rather than drive .
And although the criticism is short sighted , it is at least common with the theme that America is not perceived as a healthy or wise nation by many .
“ America is experiencing an obesity epidemic .
In 1999 , sixty - one percent of Americans were overweight and twenty - six percent were obese .
The definition of overweight is having a body - mass index ( BMI ) greater than 25 , and the definition of obesity is having a BMI greater than 30 . ” Richard Lutes , MD ( 2001 ) 25
UN criticism of the United States ' Children 's Rights
The United Nations did not adopt the " Convention on the Rights of the Child " , which shocked and upset many who follow such events :
“ The United States has some of the best programs and laws in the world to protect its children but , as UNICEF has pointed out , the U.S. also has one of the highest rates of the industrialized countries for poverty and hunger among children and also for child mortality .
A recent story in the Washington Post noted that " despite this time of record prosperity , one in every six American children is poor ; one in three children of color .
No other developed country has anything approaching U.S. child poverty rates . ”
United Nations ' High Commissioner for Human Rights ,
Mary Robinson ( 2001 Jan 11 ) 26
Rape and violent crime statistics - the highest in the modern world ?
“ Nobody disputes one phenomenon disclosed by the crime statistics - the exceptionally high level of violent crime that occurs in the United States as compared with other industrialized countries , including Britain ( though not compared with some third world countries ) .
There are more reported murders each year in Detroit , with a population of just over one - and - a - half million , than in the whole of the United Kingdom , which has a population of just over fifty - eight million people .
Viewed in this context , the United States is a culture in which crimes of violence flourish .
Why should this be ?
The answer is sometimes given as the widespread availability of hand - guns and other firearms .
This is surely relevant , but cannot on its own be the full answer .
Switzerland has very low rates of violent crime , yet firearms are easily accessible .
( All males keep weapons , including rifles , revolvers , automatic weapons , plus ammunition ) . ” " Sociology " by Anthony Giddens ( 1997 ) 27 , 28
“ The United States has the world 's highest rape rate of the countries that publish such statistics - 13 times higher than England and more than 20 times higher than Japan .
[ Senate Judiciary Committee , 1990 .
Facts about Violence Against Women . ] ”
University of Alabama Women 's Center 29
Statistics such as these appear in the Fact Sheet on Gender Violence , published by the United Nations Non-Governmental Agency , UNIFEM , and available in the Sexual Assault Education Office ( USA ) .
“ WASHINGTON -- The United States is " the most violent and self - destructive nation on earth , " a congressional report said Tuesday .
...
" In 1990 , the United States led the world with its murder , rape and robbery rates , " the report said .
" When viewed from the national perspective , these crime rates are sobering .
When viewed from the international perspective , they are truly embarrassing . "
The report noted that the murder rate in the United States was more than twice that of Northern Ireland , which is torn by civil war ; four times that of Italy ; nine times England 's and 11 times Japan's .
Violence against women in America was even more pervasive , the committee said .
The rape rate in the United States was eight times higher than in France , 15 times higher than in England , 23 times higher than in Italy and 26 times higher than in Japan ... ... based on raw FBI data and preliminary statistics for last year , based its comparisons on Justice Department statistics for industrialized nations .
Crime reporting standards vary in those countries , and crime rates for less - developed Third World nations generally are either unavailable or unreliable .
But the report made clear that violence in the United States has no equal among the world 's developed nations .
Nor did 1990 have a modern equal for violence in America . ”
Tim Weiner in San Jose Mercury News ( 1991 ) 30
With the wealth and material power behind the USA ( they are the world 's richest nation ) , why are these statistics so bad ?
It is puzzling .
It is easy to say " low moral standards " and even to correlate this to " 80 % of all Americans call themselves Christians " , but what is the cause of this low level of morals ?
Is it the result of rampant commercialism , simple lack of caring in the community ?
Is it the result of the topography of the country ?
Is it the same commercialist attitude that leads to wealth , but also to crime and a low quality of society ?
It is hard to say why , and this essay is looking at reasons why people hate America , so thinking about why the USA is like it is is something I leave up to the reader !
Links :
Foreign Aid : USA is Stingiest of the 22 Most Developed Countries
The USA claims to be , in absolute terms , the world 's biggest giver and this is true .
However , as a proportion of its wealth the USA gives least when compared to all 22 of the worlds ' most developed countries .
“ [ Americans ] are regularly told by politicians and the media , that America is the world 's most generous nation .
This is one of the most conventional pieces of ' knowledgeable ignorance ' .
[... For example Japan gives more even in absolute terms ...]
Absolute figures are less significant than the proportion of gross domestic product ( GDP , or national wealth ) that a country devotes to foreign aid .
On that league table , the US ranks twenty - second of the 22 most developed nations .
As former President Jimmy Carter commented : ' We are the stingiest nation of all ' .
Denmark is top of the table , giving 1.01 % of GDP , while the US manages just 0.1 % .
The United Nations has long established the target of 0.7 % GDP for development assistance , although only four countries actually achieve this : Denmark , 1.01 % ; Norway , 0.91 % ; the Netherlands , 0.79 % ; Sweden , 0.7 % .
Apart from being the least generous nation , the US is highly selective in who receives its aid .
Over 50 % of its aid budget is spent on middle - income countries in the Middle East , with Israel being the recipient of the largest single share . "
" Why Do People Hate America ? " by Ziauddin Sardar and Merryl Wyn Davies ( 2002 ) 2 , 31
Not only that , but according to one source cited by Sarder & Davies , 80 % of that aid itself actually goes to American companies in those foreign countries .
Support of Obnoxious Regimes
This section has been expanded into an entire page , it concludes with :
“ Looking at the Results
In 2002 the USA returned to Afghanistan to kill and destroy the Taliban under the lead of Mullah Mohammed Omar , and the Al - Qaeda under the lead of Osama Bin Laden ( who the USA called a ' freedom fighter ' in the 1980s , but a " terrorist " now , however his actions have n't changed , only their target ) .
In 2003 the USA also returned to Iraq to destroy Saddam Hussein .
Returning to Cuba , the USA has fought Fidel Castro and in Vietnam it fought ' Ho Chi Minh and his successors ' .
The single most outstanding thing that all of these enemies have in common is that they were created by American interventionism in the first place .
The result of all these USA borne monsters has been heavy oppression of the people and widespread resentment of the USA .
During the Bosnian war ( 1992 - 95 ) multiple Islamic militants were similarly supported , trained and armed .
The Nicaragua terrorists , amongst other varied and colourful enemies of humanity for various reasons ; and still , the thing they all have in common is that inhumanity reigned and monsters were created .
It is now looking like other monsters that the USA forced into existence will have to be faced , including the Iranian government that was setup in rebellion to the USA 's manipulation of the Shah .
Winston Churchill said , " However beautiful the strategy , you should occasionally look at the results ... " and this virtual truism should perhaps inform the greatest question the world should ask :
What IS the United States after that justifies such terrible results ?
The USA may have learned some lessons ( finally ? ) , as in the 2003 Iraq invasion , it specifically did not grant masses of military equipment or funds to the allied Northern Kurdish forces - the USA seems to be learning that the more weapons you put out there and more factions you turn into monsters , the worse the fighting becomes and the less democratic the governments .
Disclaimer !
The USA is Not Alone in This Behaviour All countries use the same unfortunate tactics as the USA from time to time .
The USA is not unique in its foreign policy misadventures .
And sometimes , these tactics are justified .
It is not clear at all what methods should be used to try to improve the world in places where it resists decency .
But the extent to which the USA has engaged in these practices has caused a widespread hatred of the USA amongst the populaces of the countries that have suffered from the resultant regimes . ”
" USA : Supporting Obnoxious Regimes " by Vexen Crabtree ( 2003 )
“ The USA has broken the UN Security Council , leading to its decreased importance and effectiveness , largely over Israel that the USA supports under any circumstances , vetoing even the smallest and most reasonable measures against Israel 's illegal occupations .
The reasons for the USA 's behaviour is beyond me , some say it is religiously motivated , commercially motivated or simply due to habit .
The USA abuses the UN more than any other country , constantly trying to bribe and buy influence , yet is notorious for owing most to the UN , despite the USA 's heavy use of it , and wealth .
This intolerable attitude towards world consensus causes hatred of the USA at the highest levels in all countries in the world , except Israel , which is perhaps the USA 's sole benefactor .
International treaties mentioned on this page , such as the Landmine Treaty , the 1972 treaty banning biological of germ warfare , Kyoto , Bush has specifically stated that " Americans come first " along with American economic interests .
USA & Israel simultaneous rejection of the World Conference Against Racism , and USA 's failure to ratify three of the six core Human Rights treaties , are often cited as reasons why people in the developed world hate whatever it is that the USA government is up to .
This apparent immorality is hated across the world and is seen as one of the worst aspects of American commercialism , and world opinion was reflected when the USA was voted out of the United Nations Human Rights Committee in 2001 .
Commerce , Oil , Money and Power are the only values that come from Washington 's lead , consistently over the years the world has learned to hate all American intervention because it is known full well that at the bottom of every American foreign policy these four corrupting principles are immovably roosted .
Even in matters of foreign aid , the USA is abusive and two - faced .
The poor USA citizens do not know the extent of the damage that their countries commercialism - at - all - costs is costing the world .
World peace , world economy , third world countries , the environment and international co-operation are all victims of the USA 's blatant greed . ”
" USA : Contempt for United Nations and International Folly " by Vexen Crabtree ( 2003 )
The Middle East
U.S. MANIPULATES MIDEAST FOR FUN AND PROFIT - about the Gulf War , Oil and the Arms trade .
The USA is the world 's biggest exporter of arms .
The Mid-East is the biggest importer .
Osama bin Laden : Some of his " justifications " from 1998
“ We however , differentiate between the western government and the people of the West .
If the people have elected those governments in the latest elections , it is because they have fallen prey to the Western media which portray things contrary to what they really are .
And while the slogans raised by those regimes call for humanity , justice , and peace , the behavior of their governments is completely the opposite .
It is not enough for their people to show pain when they see our children being killed in Israeli raids launched by American planes , nor does this serve the purpose .
What they ought to do is change their governments which attack our countries .
The hostility that America continues to express against the Muslim people has given rise to feelings of animosity on the part of Muslims against America and against the West in general .
Those feelings of animosity have produced a change in the behavior of some crushed and subdued groups who , instead of fighting the Americans inside the Muslim countries , went on to fight them inside the United States of America itself . [...]
The Americans started it and retaliation and punishment should be carried out following the principle of reciprocity , especially when women and children are involved .
Through history , American has not been known to differentiate between the military and the civilians or between men and women or adults and children .
Those who threw atomic bombs and used the weapons of mass destruction against Nagasaki and Hiroshima were the Americans .
Can the bombs differentiate between military and women and infants and children ?
America has no religion that can deter her from exterminating whole peoples .
Your position against Muslims in Palestine is despicable and disgraceful .
America has no shame .
...
We believe that the worst thieves in the world today and the worst terrorists are the Americans .
Nothing could stop you except perhaps retaliation in kind . ” Osama bin Laden ( 1998 )
Interview with ABC reporter John Miller 32
There are strong feelings throughout most Islam nations that America suppresses them .
Although ordinary , peaceful citizens do not suppose as much , or feel hatred ( in the same way American 's should not hate all the Middle East because American embassies are bombed ) , it is normally the strongest and loudest voice , the most extreme , that the Western world comes to see as representative .
“ As Osama Bin Laden is vilified in the West , he is fast achieving the status of a cult hero in parts of the Arab world . [...]
Millions of Arabs watched last Thursday as a satellite television station aired a three - year - old interview with him .
Even moderate Arabs said afterwards they could identify with his criticism of America 's support for Israel which still occupies Palestinian land .
[...]
[ Ordinary Saudis ] would like US and British forces to leave Saudi Arabia .
Many Saudi Islamists , who have little direct contact with the West , see these troops as colonial invaders , as latter - day crusaders come to defile the birthplace of Islam . ”
BBC News ( 2001 ) 33
Osama bin Laden iterates the same reasons each time - the injustice done to the Palestinians , the cruelty of continued sanctions against Iraq , the presence of US troops in Saudi Arabia , the repressive and corrupt nature of US - backed Gulf governments - and he wins a good deal of popular sympathy .
Israel
Israel , which receives over 3 billion dollars in military support from America , is very much hated amongst the Arab world .
Its presence and its continual conflicts with its neighbours have caused Israel to become to be seen as another Satan , a state controlled by America , even though much of the hatred is rooted in irrationality and religious - cultural beliefs who are genuinely wrong - headed .
“ ... Arab nations have lost three wars against their arch - foe - and America 's closest ally - Israel .
A sense of failure and injustice is rising in the throats of millions .
Three weeks ago , a leading Arabic newspaper , Al - Hayat , published a poem on its front page .
A long lament about the plight of the Arabs , addressed to a dead Syrian poet , it ended : " Children are dying , but no one makes a move .
Houses are demolished , but no one makes a move .
Holy places are desecrated , but no one makes a move ....
I am fed up with life in the world of mortals .
Find me a hole near you .
For a life of dignity is in those holes . "
It sounds as if it could have been written by a desperate and hopeless man , driven by frustration to seek death , perhaps martyrdom .
A young Palestinian refugee planning a suicide bomb attack , maybe .
In fact , it was written by the Saudi Arabian ambassador to London , a member of one of the wealthiest and most influential families in the kingdom that is Washington 's closest Arab ally .
... From one end of the region to the other , the perception is that Israel can get away with murder - literally - and that Washington will turn a blind eye .
Clearly , the US and Israel have compelling reasons for their actions .
But little that US diplomats have done in recent years to broker a peace deal between Israel and the Palestinians has persuaded Arabs that the US is a fair - minded and equitable judge of Middle Eastern affairs .
Over the past year , Arab TV stations have broadcast countless pictures of Israeli soldiers shooting at Palestinian youths , Israeli tanks plowing into Palestinian homes , Israeli helicopters rocketing Palestinian streets .
And they know that the US sends more than $ 3 billion a year in military and economic aid to Israel . ” Christian Science Monitor ( 2001 ) 34
4. The Results of These Feelings
What it all Amounts to .
Things I 'd like to see change
Westerners
On a personal and individual level , Americans and Europeans get on , individuals and parties are not hindered by politics .
Frequently , in most sane people , all this is just politics and not something to take on a personal level with Americans .
And rightly so , the solution is not in bickering or loss of friendship !
Terrorism
If a person outside of American culture is a hateful person , they may actively hate and verbally attack America .
If the person takes this to include a hatred of Americans themselves , they are foolish and inconsiderate and have become a fool .
If a person like this is brought up by people with vested interests in attacking America ( and there are many ) , a person can be driven to take his opinions to a violent level .
It is of utmost importance that we do not blame " Islam " or " Afghanistan " as a concept for the actions of such people , in the same way you would not blame all North American 's because some American companies openly fund the IRA .
Generic hatred is not solved or soothed by adding more layers of hatred .
Racism
I have a massive disgust for those in the Western world who have recently assaulted someone because they happen to be a Muslim .
It is equal to violent racism .
And on that note , it is the same inhumanity that allows the reasons above to amount to an individual hatred of Americans .
How do people see America ?
Westerners see America as just another nation , the most commercially successful one , with a poor pollution record and other bad things .
Also America is seen as a Police figure , although the UN 's decisions are much more respected , it is frequently the US that has the required military power .
America is a required nation , a stabilizer on the world .
Hatred becomes action - the cause & Conclusion
Hatred becomes action not due to apathy or indifference , but when a person wishes to act .
When people are willing to kill themselves for a cause it is not due to a whim or immature persecution complex , there must be much stronger factors involved .
People willing to go this far ... and to maintain that mentality for periods of time to organize an attack and carry it out have got more of a grudge than a mere shallow hatred of success or jealousy .
When bare necessities are short , and the Western world still imposes sanctions and aid is unpredictable and scarce , people will always look to their oppressors as the enemy .
When the chances arise , they will lash out at their perceived oppressors because it is the final attempt to free themselves from poverty .
Now , it is very true that they do not understand fully why the West , symbolized by America , appears to be suppressing them .
They receive government propaganda and biased media all their lives , it is not their fault that they have been misled .
Which I believe many of them have .
It is the governments and leaders that are to blame .
But more often than not , there is simply no available options to remove and replace a government without causing even more hatred amongst the populace .
American foreign policy and the issues listed in the list of criticisms of America serve to cause many nations to lose sympathy with America , and causes developing countries under fanatical leaders and poor governments to be easily convinced that America is The Great Satan ( which has been the term given to America for many decades by the developing world ) .
The reasons above all serve as instruments to convince people that anti-American hatred is correct , intellectually justified .
There is a belief and hope that if enough nations oppose America , the American people will realize what their government has been doing and will overthrow them .
This hope is misguided , as anti-American actions are causing the opposite ; they have been causing increasing hatred in return of Islamic or otherwise theocratic nations .
So there is a cycle , where neither side understands the other .
The potential for chance lays in the ability to remove the propaganda that allows the Criticism - of - America issues above to be turned into hate .
I believe in some changes for the better ;
America 's self perception needs to change , to be brought back to Earth .
To be made more modest .
And therefore will regain respect and sympathy from the world Theocracy needs to be removed from ' rogue states ' .
It may be that war , although causing more extreme anti-American hatred , is the only practical method as the governments have far too much and rabid support in their countries America needs to understand ( if it does n't ) that the populace of these countries are not to blame
The populace of Afghanistan , and other countries , need to learn that America is a scapegoat , and that their government uses it as a rallying method , to control them and pacify them America should no longer use the method of supporting terrorism or armed conflict in one country to remove its present government .
This has always backfired .
All arms sold to the world , are arms that later need to be confiscated
But do not forget about sympathy
The whole world does not hate the USA .
The masses of the world in the most part see it as imperfect , often an oppressor , often a humanitarian country , often wrong , often right .
The hatred of America does not match the hatred of the United Kingdom 100 years ago .
We did some seriously inhumane and undefendable things back then .
We 're constantly apologizing about it .
The USA has done terrible things too .
The key is in apologizing .
Although the government seems far from making any concessions , showing any humility or even the faintest sign of modesty , the world understands that the American people are hurt , and the world is sympathetic and caring .
People in most nations know that American people are no less human than anyone else , trying their best .
Governments and massive organisations , however , are frequently the last to realize when such Human emotions need to be brought to the forefront .
The USA has a child as a government , a young country which is only recently learning that actions last forever , something that plagues older nation 's embarrassed leaders .
The dislike of America is not as great as people 's dislike for terrorism , its atrocities and oppression not as bad as Imperial England .
The End
First Date Follow Up - The Jubal Show
Marilyn Wann is an author and weight diversity speaker in Northern California who has a message for anyone making judgments about her health based on her large physique .
“ The only thing anyone can accurately diagnose by looking at a fat person is their own level of stereotype and prejudice about fat , ” said Ms. Wann , a 43 - year - old San Franciscan whose motto in life is also the title of her book : “ Fat ! So ? ”
Hers has been an oft - repeated message this summer and fall by members of the “ fat pride ” community , given that the nation is in the midst of a debate about health care .
That debate has , sometimes awkwardly , focused its attention on the growing population of overweight and obese Americans with unambiguous overtones : fat people should lose weight , for the good of us all .
Heavier Americans are pushing back now with newfound vigor in the policy debate , lobbying legislators and trying to move public opinion to recognize their point of view : that thin does not necessarily equal fit , and that people can be healthy at any size .
Extra weight brings with it an increased risk of chronic disease , medical experts say , and heavier people tend to have medical costs that are substantially higher than their leaner counterparts .
As a result , Congress is considering proposals in the effort to overhaul health care that would make it easier for employers to use financial rewards or penalties to promote healthy behavior by employees , like weight loss .
Previous Post :
« Watch : Signorile and Joy Behar on Catholics and Anne Hathaway
Because Snuggies alone do n't suck enough ass , somebody went and invented Pajama Jeans .
What are Pajama Jeans ?
I do n't even want to know .
But you do , do n't you ?
Fine , I 'll randomly copy / paste some paragraphs and hope they do the trick BUT ONLY BECAUSE I'M A HARD - HITTING JOURNALIST .
* pow !* :
" We were noticing that people were wearing their pajamas on airplanes and in grocery stores .
But a lot of people have mixed feelings about it because they think it 's inappropriate and sloppy , " Stacey Buonanno , merchandising manager for The PajamaGram Company , maker of the double duty " denim , " explained to StyleList .
" A lot of people wear their workout clothes out .
But we thought it would be easy to take a pair of jeans , style them similar to a yoga pant , give them all the jean detailing , but make them stretchy and soft so that you would n't mind wearing them to bed , " she told us .
Adding that , " The cool thing about the fabric is that the outside looks like a typical twill but it definitely has more of a jersey feel .
And the inside is really , really brushed , so it almost feels like the inside of sweatpants or fleece . "
$ 40 scores a pair .
And , for a limited time only , if you send them to me along with $ 20 I 'll sign them and sleep in them .
Extra $ 10 for a Polaroid of me passed out on the couch with a penis drawn on my face , $ 5 for a custom stain .
It 's really a bargain if you think about it .
Drunk .
Think about it drunk .
Hit the jump for a worthwhile two - minute commercial .
Product Site
via
PajamaJeans - The Next Snuggie ? [ stylelist ]
Thanks to Taylor , Neckface and pirhan , who just wear pajama pants .
Keep it classy , guys .
* Says drug shows no difference in disease response
* Drug being studied in non-small cell lung cancer
* Shares down 2 pct pre-market
March 17 ( Reuters ) - Human Genome Sciences Inc HGSI.O said data from a mid-stage trial of its experimental lung cancer drug showed the drug did not improve progression - free survival or disease response , sending its shares down 2 percent before the bell .
The drug , mapatumumab , was studied in combination with chemotherapy drugs paclitaxel and carboplatin as first - line therapy in advanced non -small cell lung cancer .
The company said the drug was well tolerated in the study , but did not give any other details .
Full details of the trial will be presented at a scientific meeting later in the year , the company said in a statement .
Shares of the company fell 2 percent at $ 31.21 in premarket trade .
They closed at $ 31.71 Tuesday on Nasdaq .
( Reporting by Shailesh Kuber in Bangalore ; Editing by Unnikrishnan Nair )
It ’s hard to believe that Stack Overflow has been “ a thing ” for over a year and a half now .
I quit my job in March 2008 , we announced Stack Overflow in April 2008 , and the site was launched in September 2008 .
The rest is kind of a blur .
During 2009 , the company became somewhat stable , …
It ’s hard to believe that Stack Overflow has been “ a thing ” for over a year and a half now .
I quit my job in March 2008 , we announced Stack Overflow in April 2008 , and the site was launched in September 2008 .
The rest is kind of a blur .
During 2009 , the company became somewhat stable , and has threetwo totally awesome associates who are finally getting a reasonable fraction of what they ’re worth .
It ’s only appropriate that Stack Overflow , the company , start giving back to all the people and projects that helped us succeed .
First and foremost , our community moderators .
They , more than anyone , set the tone and direction for the community — and generously contribute their time to make Stack Overflow , Server Fault , Super User , and Meta Stack Overflow into places you ’d actually want to participate .
As a gesture of thanks for their contributions this year , Stack Overflow offered to make a donation to the charity or nonprofit of their choice .
I ’m happy to report that through our moderators , the following donations were made :
I also wanted to give back to the tools , people and projects that helped us build Stack Overflow .
To that end , I browsed the meta question What was Stack Overflow Built With and donated to every project we rely on that accepts donations — even if those “ donations ” are licenses :
Upgraded our individual Beyond Compare licenses to corporate full edition licenses ( $ 150 )
Upgraded our donated VisualSVN licenses to corporate full edition licenses ( $ 150 )
Licensed copy of PowerGREP , 3 copies of RegexBuddy ( $ 270 )
Donated $ 200 to DotNetOpenAuth
Donated $ 200 to HAProxy
Donated $ 1,000 to Creative Commons
Donated $ 1,000 to jQuery
Donated $ 500 to Markdown
Donated $ 200 to TortoiseSVN
Donated $ 200 to Cacti
Donated $ 200 to Ubuntu ( Canonical )
We also donated another $ 500 directly to jQuery , as well as indirectly to a number of other popular open source projects , through our sponsorship of the Bad Code Offsets program .
To me , the whole point of having money — once you have enough of it to cover your basic business needs , of course — is using it to effect positive change in the world .
It is my hope that we can make these donations a yearly tradition at Stack Overflow — and increase the size of the donations every year , too .
So , thanks to everyone who participated in Stack Overflow , Server Fault , Super User , or Meta Stack Overflow during 2009 .
We hope you enjoyed whatever time you spent there , and more importantly , got something useful out of it .
Here ’s to a happy and prosperous 2010 !
RIO DE JANEIRO —
The diplomatic jousting between Argentina and Britain over drilling for oil off the coast of the disputed Falkland Islands may be less about rubbing salt in old wounds than about exposing new ones of the Argentine government ’s own making , political analysts and energy consultants said .
Argentina ’s failed war with the British over the Falklands in 1982 was a painful and embarrassing moment in Argentine history .
Neither country has given up on its sovereignty claims , but a rig for a British company arrived off the Falklands this week to begin drilling .
The notion that Argentina could watch as British companies discover sizable oil deposits so close to its shores would be a crushing blow to a country already envious about the huge oil discoveries made in the past three years in neighboring Brazil .
But while the Argentine government has expressed outrage over the prospect , it has made little mention of a glaring absence the British endeavor has highlighted :
No oil - drilling rigs are operating in Argentina ’s own expansive waters , largely because many oil companies are wary of working in Argentina these days , analysts say .
Niti Bhan focuses on offering strategic insight for growth opportunities and revenue generation in the rapidly evolving interstitial space between design and business .
Her 15 years of experience include employers such McCann Erickson Worldwide , Hewlett Packard India , The Second City and most recently , the Institute of Design .
She is an engineer and an MBA whose most significant achievement in the field of design has been dropping out of two graduate design programs on two continents in two centuries - the National Institute of Design , Ahmedabad and the Institute of Design , Chicago .
Her areas of interest are business intelligence and trends , business strategy as well as creating a compelling user case for design as force for increasing value .
Putting the " Desi " in Design
Ecodesign , Ecolabels and the Environment
Shopping for Innovation
Seismic Shift - Changes in the global design industry
While You Were Out
[ Haskell - cafe ] ANN : amqp-0.1
Hi , I 've built an AMQP library .
It currently only works with RabbitMQ and supports most of the 0 - 8 spec .
If you do n't know that AMQP is , this is a good introduction : http://blogs.digitar.com/jjww/2009/01/rabbits-and-warrens/
I have not done much testing , so this should be regarded as alpha quality .
Get it here : http://hackage.haskell.org/package/amqp
For some reason it does n't compile on Hackage .
It says " At least the following dependencies are missing : network - bytestring > =0.1.2 " .
Is there a way to solve this ?
Regards , Holger -------------- next part
--------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed ...
URL : http://www.haskell.org/pipermail/haskell-cafe/attachments/20100117/f2b4ce96/attachment.html
Welcome to Medeye LLC
Medeye LLC is a full service Medical Billing company that provides medical billing and coding services to physician practices and hospitals .
We provide medical billing services that maximize your office 's efficiency by cutting your costs and improving your bottom line .
Our medical billing services are tailored to your organization 's specific needs .
We blend extensive medical billing and coding knowledge and experience with streamlined processes to help our clients overcome obstacles to maximum reimbursement .
We work with you and your staff as closely as an in - house biller and save you money by eliminating in - house medical billing employee expenses .
Our clients include solo practices and group practices to large medical centers , hospitals , surgery centers , radiology groups , and pain management centers .
No matter what your specialty , Medeye LLC can provide you the medical billing services that you need .
In 1983 , after a deep recession , women in that range made up only 7 percent of those who had been out of work for six months or longer , according to the Labor Department .
Last year , they made up 14 percent .
Twice , Ms. Eisen exhausted her unemployment benefits before her check was restored by a federal extension .
Last week , her check ran out again .
She and her husband now settle their bills with only his $ 1,595 monthly disability check .
The rent on their apartment is $ 1,380 .
“ We ’re looking at the very real possibility of being homeless , ” she said .
Every downturn pushes some people out of the middle class before the economy resumes expanding .
Most recover .
Many prosper .
But some economists worry that this time could be different .
An unusual constellation of forces  some embedded in the modern - day economy , others unique to this wrenching recession  might make it especially difficult for those out of work to find their way back to their middle - class lives .
Labor experts say the economy needs 100,000 new jobs a month just to absorb entrants to the labor force .
With more than 15 million people officially jobless , even a vigorous recovery is likely to leave an enormous number out of work for years .
Some labor experts note that severe economic downturns are generally followed by powerful expansions , suggesting that aggressive hiring will soon resume .
But doubts remain about whether such hiring can last long enough to absorb anywhere close to the millions of unemployed .
A New Scarcity of Jobs
Some labor experts say the basic functioning of the American economy has changed in ways that make jobs scarce  particularly for older , less - educated people like Ms. Eisen , who has only a high school diploma .
Large companies are increasingly owned by institutional investors who crave swift profits , a feat often achieved by cutting payroll .
The declining influence of unions has made it easier for employers to shift work to part - time and temporary employees .
Factory work and even white - collar jobs have moved in recent years to low - cost countries in Asia and Latin America .
Automation has helped manufacturing cut 5.6 million jobs since 2000  the sort of jobs that once provided lower - skilled workers with middle - class paychecks .
By Ian Youngs
Music reporter , BBC News
MusicDNA will be widely available by the end of the summer , creators say A new music file format has been unveiled by some of the key figures behind the development of the MP3 .
The new file , MusicDNA , can include things like lyrics , videos , artwork and blog posts , which will continually be updated , as well as the music .
It has been created by Norwegian developer Dagfinn Bach , who worked on the first MP3 player in 1993 .
And its investors include German researcher Karlheinz Brandenburg , who is credited with inventing the MP3 .
British record company Beggars Group , whose labels are home to Vampire Weekend , MIA and The Strokes , has signed up to use MusicDNA , as has US label Tommy Boy .
But no major labels are currently on board and the MusicDNA files are likely to be more expensive than current music downloads .
It will also be in competition with Apple 's iTunes LP , which gives users added content including bonus tracks , lyrics and video interviews .
Dynamic updates Speaking at the Midem music conference , Mr Bach said : " We can deliver a file that is extremely searchable and can carry up to 32 GB of extra information in the file itself .
" And it will be dynamically updatable so that every time the user is connected , his file will be updated . "
MusicDNA is launching a beta , or test , version this spring with a full roll - out at the end of the summer .
Mr Brandenburg , director of the Fraunhofer Institute for Digital Media Technology in Germany , said : " I think it brings together a number of ideas that have been around for a long time .
" I remember 10 years ago , a lot of people were saying that we need to enrich the user experience , that legal access to music has to give the customers more than just music , and this is certainly one very nice way to do it . "
MusicDNA , launched by Bach Technology , is not related to MusicDNA operated by Belgian company Pensive .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Puzzle Geocaching in Okinawa : The Logical Way
Geocaching began when the US government decided to remove selective availability from their GPS satellite system on May 2 , 2000 .
Only one day later , on May 3 , 2000 , the very first geocache was placed in the woods of Oregon .
The idea was simple :
Place a container in the woods , note its coordinates , and share those coordinates with others under the condition that seekers follow one simple rule : if you take something , leave something .
Geocaches come in many shapes and sizes , and many are probably hidden right in your neighborhood .
My favorite type is a puzzle geocache .
This type of geocache requires that you solve a puzzle , a riddle , or answer a set of trivia questions in order to obtain the coordinates to the geocache .
Since I started geocaching , I have created my own puzzle geocaches that have involved multiple layers of encryption , misdirection , and trivia .
A plastic lock - n- lock container
Shown below are a few of my more devious hides .
In the top left and bottom left pictures I took a fake plant and glued it onto a round tupper .
This was then placed under leaves and bramble to give the appearance of a real plant .
The top right picture shows a plastic lock - n- lock container with fake grass and coconut shell shavings to add realism to the camouflage .
The bottom right picture makes use of natural camouflage .
In this case , a piece of rock from the cliff side is used to cover the container .
Conceptis and Geocaching meet
Above : Link - a- Pix puzzle with geocache coordinates
If you enjoy playing brain games online , do n't forget to check our huge selection of free puzzles .
Since I started creating puzzle caches , I have had the idea of creating a puzzle cache that could incorporate the puzzles offered by Conceptis .
I asked Dave Green , the president of Conceptis , for his help , and he graciously agreed to have Conceptis create a picture - logic puzzle that would give the coordinates to a geocache .
However , I felt that this was n't going to quite do it for this geocache .
Since Conceptis was helping me out with this endeavor I was able to turn this geocache into a five - stage cache , each stage containing another type of puzzle produced by Conceptis that would give the coordinates to the next stage .
Additionally , each stage would have to be hidden in a way to avoid attention from non-geocachers .
For one of the stages , I placed magnets in the bottom of one of the containers and attached to the underside of a vending machine .
Another stage I glued cut bamboo to allow it to blend in with its surroundings .
However , the most difficult stage was the final .
This container would have to be larger than the other stages as it would hold the log book and other items for trade .
Using the leaves of a fake spider plant , I glued the leaves to the top of a container , placing it in an area where it would blend in and not be easily found .
The photos above show one of the stages of this geocache .
I wo n't say which stage though so as not to spoil the surprise for those going after this cache .
Making use of a fake spider plant , I cut the leaves off and glued them to the top of this container .
I then placed it in a location almost guaranteed to ward off the casual passerby , keeping it safe for those truly seeking to log a find .
Save you a trip or two back to the vehicle
On 18 February , 2010 , with the puzzles ready and the containers hidden , The Logical Way was published .
Two days later on 20 February , the first to find was logged by an avid puzzler on the island known as The Muggle Family .
He commented that he liked the camouflage , he liked the hides , and he liked the puzzles .
He also said , “ And when you think you 've solved a puzzle ... double check your answers before running out .
It might save you a trip or two back to the vehicle . ”
The puzzle worked out great as others are now seeking after the cache .
If you enjoy solving the puzzles produced by Conceptis , go to geocache GC23Q5J on Geocaching.com .
While only a Link - a - Pix puzzle is presented on this page , seekers of this cache must also solve a Sudoku , a CalcuDoku , a Hitori , and a Kakuro before being able to log a find .
Related resources
Like and share
Happy Goldman Sachs Bonus Day !
As we mentioned earlier , Goldman announced today that its 2009 bonuses will total $ 16 billion , spread ( very unevenly ) among its 32,500 employees .
We thought we'd take a look at how they spend our money .
To recap : Goldman Sachs has taken in a total of $ 12 billion in profits since September 2008 , during which time a ) Goldman received a $ 13 billion pass - through taxpayer bailout via AIG , a $ 10 billion taxpayer loan via TARP ( since repaid ) , and access to capital at .5 % interest via the Federal Reserve ; and b ) more than 6 million jobs disappeared from the economy and food stamp usage shot up 20 % .
Numbers like those are why the New York Police Department beefed up its presence in front of Goldman Sachs ' headquarters today , for fear of a riot .
We expressed our class rage by firing up the old real property databases to see how the actual human beings who actually spent the last year - and - a - half leveraging our actual tax dollars into multimillion bonuses have been living lately .
We picked some of the people that ABC News says are most likely to get more than $ 10 million and up , as well as some of the firm 's managing directors .
The photos are either from Google Maps or county clerk web sites , and the ownership is based on the most recent records in available property databases .
John F.W. Rogers , Managing Director and Secretary to the Board of Directors
An old Washington , D.C. , hand , Rogers lives in an $ 8.4 million home on Embassy Row .
Here 's the Google Street view :
And here 's the living room , via an old real estate listing :
When he's not tending to his home 's seven bedroom 's and six full baths , Rogers is busy spending $ 250,000 to put up a statue of Ronald Reagan in the Capital Rotunda .
David B. Heller , Managing Director ,
This is Heller 's $ 7.2 million Hamptons getaway , one house away from the beach , with a tennis court and pool .
Marc Spilker , Co-Head of the Asset - Management Division
Spilker is on ABC News ' list of the $ 10 million - plus club at Goldman .
He famously lost Goldman a client after his neighbor at the Hamptons home pictured below — apparently undergoing some landscaping — got in a dispute after Spilker knocked down his garden hedges .
That neighbor , Jim Chanos , happened to keep his money with Goldman , and pulled it after complaining to CEO Lloyd Blankfein about Spilker 's rudeness .
No worries though , if Spilker feels awkward in his Hamptons neighborhood , he 's always got his Park Avenue apartment in Manhattan or his condo in this Palm Beach tower on the ocean :
Edith W. Cooper , Managing Director
Cooper purchased this 10 bedroom , 11.5 bath mansion — with a pool , tennis court , and what appears to be some sort of Versailles - like sculpted lawn — in Greenwich , Conn. , for $ 14.7 million in 2005 .
Christopher A. Cole , Chairman of Investment Banking and Managing Director
Cole and family have a lot of room to play on at his Martha 's Vineyard estate , purchased at a steal for $ 4.4 million in 2003 .
Esta Stecher , Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Stecher can look out the back window of her $ 2.9 million mansion in Quogue , N.Y. , near the Hamptons , and see the bay .
Edward Forst , Co-Head of Investment Management Division
Forst bought this $ 5.7 million , six - bedroom third home — he's also got places in Westchester and Colorado — in 2007 .
There 's much , much more of course , but that 's just a sampling to remind you how the Goldman half lives .
Goldman has taken pains of late to beef up its charitable donations , save homeless kittens , and otherwise do anything possible to get people to hate them less except redistribute those bonuses back to the poor people who financed them .
And as you can see from this chart , which tracks Goldman 's favorability — " BrandIndex " — rating since November 2008 as determined by the research firm YouGov , Goldman 's extended reverse Robin Hood operation has taken its toll .
It has n't been in positive territory since the collapse late last year .
But oddly enough , the other line — its revenue during the same time period — seems to be doing just fine .
So there 's some consolation for all that hatred out there .
[ Research and chart by Gawker intern Sergio Hernandez . ]
EXPLAINING CRICKET TO AMERICANS
[ The following explanation of cricket has been used since the 1970s , to explain cricket
to Americans who had never seen a cricket match .
First developed in Seattle , it has been used throughout the USA .
Try it on your American friends ...
if they understand baseball , they should be able to follow cricket with this handy guide ! ]
There are TWO teams , with eleven players each ( instead of nine as in baseball ) .
, with players each ( instead of as in baseball ) .
Instead of four bases , there are only two ; in the middle of the field , sixty - six feet apart ...
all running is between the two bases ... the ball can be hit in front , OR behind ... or , in ANY direction .
bases , there are ; in the middle of the field , sixty - six feet apart ... running is the two bases ... the ball can be hit in front , behind ... , in direction .
Instead of rotating batting for nine innings each , EACH team does all its batting in a SINGLE inning .
.
The team scoring more runs wins the game .
The fielding team works with TWO pitchers at the same time .
at the same time .
The first pitcher throws from one base to the other .
After six throws , the catcher moves around behind the first pitcher 's base , pitcher # 2 takes over .
He makes six throws in the opposite direction ( i.e. towards the starting pitcher 's base ) .
throws from one base to the other .
After six throws , the catcher moves around behind the first pitcher 's base , takes over .
He makes six throws in the direction ( i.e. the starting pitcher 's base ) .
The two pitchers keep alternating like this , until one or both of them are relieved .
* [ [ IMPORTANT : Each six - pitch set is called an " over " , and pitchers are called " bowlers " in cricket .
So , to say " Doe bowled seven overs " , is saying Doe threw 42 pitches , in ( alternating ) sets of six . ]]
The MAJOR DIFFERENCE from baseball is that batters can hit in ANY direction .
is that .
Also , THE BATTER CAN RUN WHEN HE CHOOSES TO ,
NOT every time he hits the ball , as in baseball .
He is safe as long as he protects his wickets WITH HIS BAT ( NOT his feet or hands )
and makes no other errors .
time he hits the ball , as in baseball .
He is safe as long as he protects his wickets his feet or hands ) makes no other errors .
As long as the batter can protect his base , he is free to keep batting , and scoring , as long as he can !
, he is , and scoring , he can !
The batter ( or " batsman " ) is OUT only if
: any of the three sticks marking his base ( called " wickets " ) are hit by the pitcher
-- he is " bowled " ( like being struck out , except that once is enough ) .
OUT if : any of the three sticks marking his base ( called " wickets " ) are hit by the pitcher -- he is ( like being struck out , except that once is enough ) .
OR , if : the ball is hit into a fielder 's hand without touching the ground , he is " caught " ( like baseball 's pop fly ) .
( like baseball 's pop fly ) .
OR , if : he is running between the bases , and a fielder can touch the base he is running to ,
before the runner crosses the " safe line " in front of the wickets , he is " run out "
( like a tag , except in cricket you tag the base , not the runner ) .
So : A cricket batter could be out on the first pitch , BUT would go on batting until someone puts him " out " ;
Some batters can stay on base for hours , scoring 50 , 100 runs or more !
A batter ( or " batsman " ) can score in cricket by hitting the ball , deciding to run , then running safely between the two bases .
Once across ( from one base , to the opposite one ) is a " single " , scoring 1 run .
across ( from one base , to the opposite one ) is a , scoring 1 run .
there and back is a " double " , scoring 2 runs .
, scoring 2 runs .
three times back and forth is a " triple " , scoring 3 runs .
back and forth is a , scoring 3 runs .
A hit that reaches the fence scores four runs .
scores runs .
and a hit that flies over the fence is a sixer , scoring 6 runs .
Before the game starts , the opposing captains toss a coin , to decide who is to bat first ... or second .
The game begins .
TWO batters are sent in , one for each base ( they are called " batsmen " in cricket ) .
( I.e. the bases are " loaded " to start a team ’s batting , and have to stay that way . )
TWO batters are sent in , one for base ( they are called " batsmen " in cricket ) .
As one batter is put out , the next person in the batting order goes in .
In the USA , each team is allowed 10 outs OR a maximum number of overs .... say 40 overs ( i.e. 240 pitches ) ... to bat .
In the USA , each team is allowed OR a of overs .... say 40 overs ( i.e. 240 pitches ) ... to bat .
The inning is finished
EITHER when 10 outs have occurred ( i.e. 1 man is left on base , out of the 11 in the team ) ,
OR when the 40 - over limit has been reached .
when 10 outs have occurred ( i.e. 1 man is left on base , out of the 11 in the team ) , when the 40 - over limit has been reached .
After one team finishes batting , there is a tea ( actually , sandwiches , beer and pop ) break .
Now the team which has been fielding gets its chance to bat .
Say the team batting first scored 120 runs .
If the team batting second scores only 100 runs in its 40 overs , it has lost by 20 runs .
BUT .. if it reaches 121 runs for ( say ) only 6 outs within its allowed 40 overs , it wins by 4 " wickets "
( meaning , the number of outs it had left when it passed the first team 's score ) .
In the USA , a typical cricket game takes about as long as a weekend baseball double - header .
.
In fact , this is a useful way of looking at cricket if you understand baseball :
Each team 's batting takes about as long , and has as many things happen , as a complete baseball game .
if you understand baseball : , and has , as a baseball game .
A typical cricket game in the USA might take 5 to 6 hours .
This could consist of 4 to 5 hours of actual play ,
and the rest of the time for lunch , tea , refreshment breaks and other pauses .
.
This could consist of to hours of actual play , and the rest of the time for lunch , tea , refreshment breaks and other pauses .
This is about average .
There CAN be low - scoring games that are over in 2 or 3 hours ...
.
There be low - scoring games that are over in ...
On the other hand , if both teams score 200 to 300 runs each , these VERY high - scoring games last seven hours ... or more .
It all depends --- on the day , the teams , the mood and the playing conditions .
FOR FURTHER READING
For a look at the equipment used in cricket , click on A First Look at Cricket Equipment .
If you now understand the basic rules , Click on Beyond the Basics : A Look at Cricket Strategy to learn more about how the game is played .
Donald Goerke , a Campbell Soup Company executive whose nonlinear approach to pasta resulted in SpaghettiOs , died Sunday at his home in Delran , N.J. He was 83 .
The cause was heart failure , his son David said .
Introduced in 1965 , SpaghettiOs has been a fixture in the American pantry ever since .
Its memorable advertising jingle  “ Uh-oh , SpaghettiOs ! ”  sung by the pop singer Jimmie Rodgers , is indelibly lodged in the public consciousness .
More than 150 million cans of SpaghettiOs are sold each year , a spokeswoman for Campbell , based in Camden , N.J. , said Wednesday .
Mr. Goerke , who worked for Campbell from 1955 until he retired in 1990 , also created the company ’s Chunky soup line .
Los Angeles schools Supt. Ramon C. Cortines proposed Friday cutting six days from the school year to help reduce an estimated $ 640 - million deficit and avoid the need for widespread layoffs in the nation ’s second - largest school system .
The move , announced by news release Friday evening , would save the district $ 90 million and could spare up to 5,000 jobs , Cortines said .
The alternative to this drastic action , he said , would be to let the district go bankrupt .
“ Do I think [ this ] is good education policy ?
No , ” he said .
“ But we are in a real crisis . ”
Cortines has repeatedly said that he did not want to shorten the school year .
This is the first time in recent history that a Los Angeles school superintendent has made such a suggestion .
Five of the affected days would be classroom days and the sixth would be a noninstructional day .
Union leaders would have to agree to the move .
Nonunion employees , including senior district staff , have been ordered to take four furlough days by May , and Cortines criticized groups that have not been willing to make concessions .
“ I ’m tired of the selfish attitudes of some , ” he said .
Four labor groups have already decided to accept the furlough days , but the teachers and administrators unions have balked so far .
A.J. Duffy , president of the teachers union , said that a one - time shortening of the school year was preferable to a permanent pay cut and that he was willing to “ sit down at the table ” to discuss taking six days off the school year .
“ Nobody denies we ’re in a fiscal crisis , ” he said .
But Duffy said he still wanted to see evidence that the school district has reduced funding to non-classroom programs .
“ We ’re still waiting for some critical data , ” he said .
Cortines said the district would hold an all - day meeting next Friday to go over the budget with union members .
“ I ’m tired of hearing about how we have n’t opened our books , ” he said .
Cortines said that he would be open to cutting six days from next year ’s school year instead and that the alternative was sending layoff notices to 5,000 teachers and administrators or declaring bankruptcy .
He has also proposed a parcel tax to help fund instruction .
Several school board members said they had heard about the possibility of shortening the calendar but did n’t think the move would come so quickly .
“ I ’m surprised there was n’t more of a discussion , ” said board member Richard Vladovic .
But he and others said there were no good options at this point .
“ I know what this means for kids and families .
I also know we ’re really in a crisis and we have to look at every available flexibility to get us through this crisis , ” board member Steve Zimmer said .
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger had given school districts the option of shortening the school year to save money , but educators largely rejected the idea on the grounds that students need more time in school , not less .
But school districts around the state are considering the option .
Natomas Unified , in the Sacramento area , for example , has cut its school year by five days .
The L.A. Unified board went through several rounds of cuts last year .
A budget shortfall of $ 470 million was expected for this school year but that has increased to $ 640 million , officials said .
jason.song@latimes.com
howard.blume@latimes.com
JERUSALEM ( Reuters ) - Israeli intelligence experts dismissed on Sunday the prospect of lasting diplomatic fallout for Israel or damage to its Mossad spy agency over the spotlight shone on the assassination of a Hamas commander in Dubai .
A Palestinian supporter of Hamas holds a picture of Mahmoud al - Mabhouh , a senior Hamas military commander , during his funeral at al - Yarmouk camp near Damascus January 29 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Khaled al - Hariri
“ The bottom line is that an important deed was done , by whomever , in the war on terrorism , ” Uzi Dayan , an ex-general and former head of Israel ’s National Security Council , said on Army Radio .
However , Dubai police have said they are virtually certain that Mossad carried out the killing , and United Arab Emirates Foreign Minister Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed vowed on Sunday to bring those responsible to justice .
Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman could face sharp questions from British and Irish counterparts in Brussels on Monday over the alleged use of forged European passports by a hit squad that killed Mahmoud al - Mabhouh in Dubai on January 19 .
Citing a policy of “ ambiguity ” with regard to its intelligence activities , Israel has neither confirmed nor denied Hamas allegations that a Mossad team was responsible .
“ I intend ... to underline our deep concern about the fake use of passports in Dubai and to seek reassurance and clarification on this very serious issue , ” Irish Foreign Minister Micheal Martin told the Irish Times on Friday .
Britain and Ireland called in the Israeli ambassadors last week to discuss the issue , but received little in the way of explanation .
The ambassador in London , Ron Prosor , said he was “ unable to assist ” the British with more information .
EXPLANATION
France and Germany have also asked Israel for an explanation , but the French and German foreign ministers are not scheduled to attend Monday ’s foreign ministers ’ meeting , and it is not clear whether Lieberman will meet their deputies .
Although six Britons in Israel , who said they were identity theft victims , had the same names of members of the alleged hit squad , Israel seemed confident in its no -smoking - gun approach .
“ No one recalled his ambassador ( to Israel ) .
No one expelled anybody , ” Dayan said , calling for an investigation into the type of passport Mabhouh used to enter Dubai .
Hamas , an Islamist group that rules the Gaza Strip , is shunned by the West for rejecting its calls to recognize Israel and renounce violence .
Hamas acknowledged that Mabhouh smuggled weapons for it .
Izzat al - Rishq , a Hamas official , told the Jordanian newspaper Al - Sabeel that the movement “ has formed a high - level investigation committee ” to try to discover “ how the Mossad was able to carry out the operation . ”
Israeli Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon , speaking on Saturday , said he did not expect a diplomatic crisis with Europe over the killing “ because there is nothing linking Israel to the assassination . ”
“ Britain , France and Germany are countries with shared interests with Israel in countering terrorism , ” Ayalon said .
In a speech on Friday , Israeli President Shimon Peres made no mention of the Dubai assassination , but he highlighted the importance of cooperation among security services in what he described as efforts “ to stop terror . ”
“ The secret relations among the security organizations are more open , and more meaningful , than the diplomatic ones , ” Peres said .
In the United Arab Emirates , the state news agency WAM said UAE Minister of State for Foreign Affairs Anwar Mohammed Gargash summoned European Union ambassadors to brief them on the case seek their support in the investigation .
Mishka Ben-David , a former Mossad operative , said the 11 suspected hit squad members -- some wearing beards and eyeglasses in photos released by Dubai -- could easily get back into the field after changing their look .
“ These people can do almost anything because if you take any of the pictures you saw and make slight adjustments to their appearance , they can fly abroad under another name and no one will give them a second glance , ” he told Army Radio .
The multi-function playground that is the smartphone has shrunk the capabilities of a van - sized 1970 ’s news team into the pocket of a single reporter .
Today , front - page news can stream from any individual with a cell phone camera and a Twitter account , as it did during Iran ’s election protests last summer .
Today , major news outlets , such as CNN , have crowdsourced parts of their newsroom to locally - savvy citizen journalists , often armed with little more than a camcorder .
In addition to the standard smartphone equipment , such as a camera and social networking applications , we 've compiled a list of five additional tools that can help a single journalist rival a fully - functional news team .
With these tools , a mobile journalist can record data , edit clips , and broadcast polished stories as events unfold .
1. Voice Recorder / Google Voice
A smartphone microphone doubles as a remarkably good interviewing device .
Built to filter out ambient noise , it can be held at a comfortable length from an interviewee 's face or be left on a table .
Best of all , cell phones are so ubiquitous that they seem less intrusive than bulky recording equipment .
“ [ I ]t was frightening for most people when a full TV crew was on site for an interview , ” said Frank Barth Nilsen of Mojoevolution.com , a blog dedicated to mobile journalism .
“ It 's not so frightening to be interviewed by a man or woman with only a cell phone .
It 's small and most people are used to being photographed by a cell phone . ”
For times when face - to - face interviewing is not possible , Google Voice is a handy alternative for teleconferences .
Subscribers to Google Voice are given a unique number , which forwards calls to a landline or cell phone , and stores voicemails on an easily accessible website .
Perhaps the best feature is integrated voice - recording for inbound calls , and , like voice mail , the entire conversation can be retrieved from anywhere via the web .
In December , Apple approved its first live - streaming iPhone application , Ustream Broadcaster .
Users of the popular video website Ustream can upload audio and video in real - time .
In addition to streaming multimedia , you can now use Social Stream to integrate the experience into popular social media websites .
Depending on the connection , Ustream Broadcaster can be pretty choppy .
But , for breaking news , even lower - quality real - time video can send a powerful message .
Reeldirector is a video editing suite for the iPhone that can trim and join clips , add titles , and embed sound .
Though editing on your phone for broadcast is probably not something journalists will need or want to do often , the app is perfect for creating a montage of short street interviews or key clips .
4. Fast Thumbs and Sync-able Memos
Why carry around a notebook and pen when a fully functional keyboard is always within arms reach ?
Though it takes some practice , thumb typing can record information as fast , if not faster , than traditional handwriting .
Below are six super - fast typing tips from the world ’s fastest texters .
Once you ’ve typed - up a good story , you ’ll want to make sure all that hard work is safe .
Applications like Notespark and Evernote sync notes to a remote server so that even if your cell phone is lost while traveling , all your work is preserved .
In the age of the Internet , a breaking news story can be as much about publication speed as it is about quality journalism .
With the WordPress application for the iPhone , journalists can patch together analysis and multimedia and post it to a blog without ever touching a computer .
Even for journalists who rely on an editor to publish stories , a WordPress post can give an editor a working layout for how all the information should flow .
Conclusion
Today , everything a journalist needs to publish a story is only a few clicks away .
In addition to speedy publication , inexpensive reporting allows less - endowed news outfits to blanket an area with more reporters .
For instance , at Penn State , an unofficial campus newspaper , Onward State , is taking on the century - old university standby The Daily Collegian .
According to sources at Onward State , a combination of mobile journalism and social media has helped the rogue publication become a competitor to the more established , award - winning official newspaper .
From college campuses to the streets of Tehran , a combination of low costs and hyper-local resourcefulness is democratizing the world of news journalism , putting the power of the press , literally , into the hands of every citizen .
More journalism resources from Mashable :
Image courtesy of iStockphoto , MotoEd
Selten zuvor verbrachten so viele Menschen so viel Zeit in den eigenen vier Wänden .
Um diese Zeit so gut wie möglich zu überstehen , sollte man sich in seinem eigenen Zuhause …
Parametric polymorphism ( generic units ) [ edit ]
The idea of code reuse arises from the necessity for constructing large software systems combining well - established building blocks .
The reusability of code improves the productivity and the quality of software .
The generic units are one of the ways in which the Ada language supports this characteristic .
A generic unit is a subprogram or package that defines algorithms in terms of types and operations that are not defined until the user instantiates them .
Note to C++ programmers : generic units are similar to C++ templates .
For example , to define a procedure for swapping variables of any ( non-limited ) type :
generic type Element_T is private ; --
Generic formal type parameter procedure Swap ( X , Y : in out Element_T ) ;
procedure Swap ( X , Y : in out Element_T ) is Temporary : constant Element_T := X ; begin X := Y ; Y := Temporary ; end Swap ;
The Swap subprogram is said to be generic .
The subprogram specification is preceded by the generic formal part consisting of the reserved word generic followed by a list of generic formal parameters which may be empty .
The entities declared as generic are not directly usable , it is necessary to instantiate them .
To be able to use Swap , it is necessary to create an instance for the wanted type .
For example :
procedure Swap_Integers is new Swap ( Integer ) ;
Now the Swap_Integers procedure can be used for variables of type Integer .
The generic procedure can be instantiated for all the needed types .
It can be instantiated with different names or , if the same identifier is used in the instantiation , each declaration overloads the procedure :
procedure Instance_Swap is new Swap ( Float ) ; procedure Instance_Swap is new Swap ( Day_T ) ; procedure Instance_Swap is new Swap ( Element_T => Stack_T ) ;
Similarly , generic packages can be used , for example , to implement a stack of any kind of elements :
generic Max : Positive ; type Element_T is private ; package Generic_Stack is procedure Push ( E : Element_T ) ; function Pop return Element_T ; end Generic_Stack ;
package body Generic_Stack is Stack : array ( 1 .. Max ) of Element_T ; Top : Integer range 0 .. Max := 0 ; -- initialise to empty -- ... end Generic_Stack ;
A stack of a given size and type could be defined in this way :
declare package Float_100_Stack is new Generic_Stack ( 100 , Float ) ; use Float_100 _Stack ; begin Push ( 45.8 ) ; -- ... end ;
Generic parameters [ edit ]
The generic unit declares generic formal parameters , which can be :
objects ( of mode in or in out but never out )
or but never ) types
subprograms
instances of another , designated , generic unit .
When instantiating the generic , the programmer passes one actual parameter for each formal .
Formal values and subprograms can have defaults , so passing an actual for them is optional .
Generic formal objects [ edit ]
Formal parameters of mode in accept any value , constant , or variable of the designated type .
The actual is copied into the generic instance , and behaves as a constant inside the generic ; this implies that the designated type cannot be limited .
It is possible to specify a default value , like this :
generic Object : in Natural := 0 ;
For mode in out , the actual must be a variable .
One limitation with generic formal objects is that they are never considered static , even if the actual happens to be static .
If the object is a number , it can not be used to create a new type .
It can however be used to create a new derived type , or a subtype :
generic Size : in Natural := 0 ; package P is type T1 is mod Size ; -- illegal !
type T2 is range 1 .. Size ; -- illegal !
type T3 is new Integer range 1 .. Size ; -- OK subtype T4 is Integer range 1 .. Size ; -- OK end P ;
The reason why formal objects are nonstatic is to allow the compiler to emit the object code for the generic only once , and to have all instances share it , passing it the address of their actual object as a parameter .
This bit of compiler technology is called shared generics .
If formal objects were static , the compiler would have to emit one copy of the object code , with the object embedded in it , for each instance , potentially leading to an explosion in object code size ( code bloat ) .
( Note to C++ programmers : in C++ , since formal objects can be static , the compiler cannot implement shared generics in the general case ; it would have to examine the entire body of the generic before deciding whether or not to share its object code .
In contrast , Ada generics are designed so that the compiler can instantiate a generic without looking at its body . )
Generic formal types [ edit ]
The syntax allows the programmer to specify which type categories are acceptable as actuals .
As a rule of thumb :
The syntax expresses how the generic sees the type , i.e. it assumes the worst , not how the creator of the instance sees the type .
This is the syntax of RM 12.5 ( Annotated ) :
This is quite complex , so some examples are given below .
A type declared with the syntax type T ( <> ) denotes a type with unknown discriminants .
This is the Ada vernacular for indefinite types , i.e. types for which objects cannot be declared without giving an initial expression .
An example of such a type is one with a discriminant without default , another example is an unconstrained array type .
In the body we can only use the operations predefined for the type category of the formal parameter .
That is , the generic specification is a contract between the generic implementor and the client instantiating the generic unit .
This is different to the parametric features of other languages , such as C ++.
It is possible to further restrict the set of acceptable actual types like so :
Generic formal type Acceptable actual types type T ( <> ) is ...
Definite or indefinite types ( loosely speaking : types with or without discriminants , but other forms of indefiniteness exist ) type T ( D : DT ) is ...
Types with a discriminant of type DT ( it is possible to specify several discriminants , too ) type T is ...
Definite types ( loosely speaking types without a discriminant or with a discriminant with default value )
Generic formal subprograms [ edit ]
It is possible to pass a subprogram as a parameter to a generic .
The generic specifies a generic formal subprogram , complete with parameter list and return type ( if the subprogram is a function ) .
The actual must match this parameter profile .
It is not necessary that the names of parameters match , though .
Here is the specification of a generic subprogram that takes another subprogram as its parameter :
generic type Element_T is private ; with function " * " ( X , Y : Element_T ) return Element_T ; function Square ( X : Element_T ) return Element_T ;
And here is the body of the generic subprogram ; it calls parameter as it would any other subprogram .
function Square ( X : Element_T ) return Element_T is begin return X * X ; --
The formal operator " * " . end Square ;
This generic function could be used , for example , with matrices , having defined the matrix product .
with Square ; with Matrices ; procedure Matrix_Example is function Square_Matrix is new Square ( Element_T => Matrices .Matrix_T , " * " => Matrices .
Product ) ; A : Matrices .Matrix_T := Matrices .
Identity ; begin A := Square_Matrix ( A ) ; end Matrix_Example ;
It is possible to specify a default with " the box " ( is <> ) , like this :
This means that if , at the point of instantiation , a function " * " exists for the actual type , and if it is directly visible , then it will be used by default as the actual subprogram .
One of the main uses is passing needed operators .
The following example shows this ( follow download links for full example ) :
generic type Element_Type is private ; ... with function " <" ( Left : in Element_Type ; Right : in Element_Type ) return Boolean is <> ; procedure Search ( Elements : in Array_Type ; Search : in Element_Type ; Found : out Boolean ; Index : out Index_Type ' Base ) ...
Generic instances of other generic packages [ edit ]
A generic formal can be a package ; it must be an instance of a generic package , so that the generic knows the interface exported by the package :
generic with package P is new Q ( <> ) ;
This means that the actual must be an instance of the generic package Q .
The box after Q means that we do not care which actual generic parameters were used to create the actual for P .
It is possible to specify the exact parameters , or to specify that the defaults must be used , like this :
generic -- P1 must be an instance of Q with the specified actual parameters : with package P1 is new Q ( Param1 => X , Param2 => Y ) ; -- P2 must be an instance of Q where the actuals are the defaults : with package P2 is new Q ;
You can specify one default parameters , none or only some .
Defaults are indicated with a box ( " => <> " ) , and you can use " others => <> " ) to mean " use defaults for all parameters not mentioned " .
The actual package must , of course , match these constraints .
The generic sees both the public part and the generic parameters of the actual package ( Param1 and Param2 in the above example ) .
This feature allows the programmer to pass arbitrarily complex types as parameters to a generic unit , while retaining complete type safety and encapsulation .
( example needed )
It is not possible for a package to list itself as a generic formal , so no generic recursion is possible .
The following is illegal :
with A ; generic with package P is new A ( <> ) ; package A ; -- illegal : A references itself
In fact , this is only a particular case of :
with A ; -- illegal : A does not exist yet at this point !
package A ;
which is also illegal , despite the fact that A is no longer generic .
Instantiating generics [ edit ]
To instantiate a generic unit , use the keyword new :
function Square_Matrix is new Square ( Element_T => Matrices .Matrix_T , " * " => Matrices .
Product ) ;
Notes of special interest to C++ programmers :
The generic formal types define completely which types are acceptable as actuals ; therefore , the compiler can instantiate generics without looking at the body of the generic .
which types are acceptable as actuals ; therefore , the compiler can instantiate generics without looking at the body of the generic .
Each instance has a name and is different from all other instances .
In particular , if a generic package declares a type , and you create two instances of the package , then you will get two different , incompatible types , even if the actual parameters are the same .
Ada requires that all instantiations be explicit .
It is not possible to create special - case instances of a generic ( known as " template specialisation " in C++ ) .
As a consequence of the above , Ada does not permit template metaprogramming .
However , this design has significant advantages :
the object code can be shared by all instances of a generic , unless of course the programmer has requested that subprograms be inlined ; there is no danger of code bloat .
when reading programs written by other people , there are no hidden instantiations , and no special cases to worry about .
Ada follows the Law of Least Astonishment .
Advanced generics [ edit ]
Generics and nesting [ edit ]
A generic unit can be nested inside another unit , which itself may be generic .
Even though no special rules apply ( just the normal rules about generics and the rules about nested units ) , novices may be confused .
It is important to understand the difference between a generic unit and instances of a generic unit .
Example 1 . A generic subprogram nested in a nongeneric package .
package Bag_Of_Strings is type Bag is private ; generic with procedure Operator ( S : in out String ) ; procedure Apply_To_All ( B : in out Bag ) ; private -- omitted end Bag_Of_Strings ;
To use Apply_To_All , you first define the procedure to be applied to each String in the Bag .
Then , you instantiate Apply_To_All , and finally you call the instance .
with Bag_Of_Strings ; procedure Example_1 is procedure Capitalize ( S : in out String ) is separate ; -- omitted procedure Capitalize_All is new Bag_Of_Strings.Apply_To_All ( Operator => Capitalize ) ; B : Bag_Of_Strings .Bag ; begin Capitalize_All ( B ) ; end Example_1 ;
Example 2 . A generic subprogram nested in a generic package
This is the same as above , except that now the Bag itself is generic :
generic type Element_Type ( <> ) is private ; package Generic_Bag is type Bag is private ; generic with procedure Operator ( S : in out Element_Type ) ; procedure Apply_To_All ( B : in out Bag ) ; private -- omitted end Generic_Bag ;
As you can see , the generic formal subprogram Operator takes a parameter of the generic formal type Element_Type .
This is okay : the nested generic sees everything that is in its enclosing unit .
You cannot instantiate Generic_Bag.Apply_To_All directly , so you must first create an instance of Generic_Bag , say Bag_Of_Strings , and then instantiate Bag_Of_Strings .Apply_To_All .
with Generic_Bag ; procedure Example_2 is procedure Capitalize ( S : in out String ) is separate ; -- omitted package Bag_Of_Strings is new Generic_Bag ( Element_Type => String ) ; procedure Capitalize_All is new Bag_Of_Strings.Apply_To_All ( Operator => Capitalize ) ; B : Bag_Of_Strings .Bag ; begin Capitalize_All ( B ) ; end Example_2 ;
Generics and child units [ edit ]
Example 3 . A generic unit that is a child of a nongeneric unit .
Each instance of the generic child is a child of the parent unit , and so it can see the parent 's public and private parts .
package Bag_Of_Strings is type Bag is private ; private -- omitted end Bag_Of_Strings ; generic with procedure Operator ( S : in out String ) ; procedure Bag_Of_Strings.Apply_To_All
( B : in out Bag ) ;
The differences between this and Example 1 are :
Bag_Of_Strings.Apply_To_All is compiled separately .
In particular , Bag_Of_Strings .Apply_To_All might have been written by a different person who did not have access to the source text of Bag_Of_Strings .
is compiled separately .
In particular , might have been written by a different person who did not have access to the source text of .
Before you can use Bag_Of_Strings .
Apply_To_All , you must with it explicitly ; with ing the parent , Bag_Of_Strings , is not sufficient .
, you must it explicitly ; ing the parent , , is not sufficient .
If you do not use Bag_Of_Strings .
Apply_To_All , your program does not contain its object code .
, your program does not contain its object code .
Because Bag_Of_Strings.Apply_To_All is at the library level , it can declare controlled types ; the nested package could not do that in Ada 95 .
In Ada 2005 , one can declare controlled types at any level .
with Bag_Of_Strings.Apply_To_All ; -- implicitly withs Bag_Of_Strings , too procedure Example_3 is procedure Capitalize ( S : in out String ) is separate ; -- omitted procedure Capitalize_All is new Bag_Of_Strings.Apply_To_All ( Operator => Capitalize ) ; B : Bag_Of_Strings .Bag ; begin Capitalize_All ( B ) ; end Example_3 ;
Example 4 . A generic unit that is a child of a generic unit
This is the same as Example 3 , except that now the Bag is generic , too .
generic type Element_Type ( <> ) is private ; package Generic_Bag is type Bag is private ; private -- omitted end Generic_Bag ; generic with procedure Operator ( S : in out Element_Type ) ; procedure Generic_Bag.Apply_To_All
( B : in out Bag ) ; with Generic_Bag.Apply_To_All ; procedure Example_4 is procedure Capitalize ( S : in out String ) is separate ; -- omitted package Bag_Of_Strings is new Generic_Bag ( Element_Type => String ) ; procedure Capitalize_All is new Bag_Of_Strings.Apply_To_All ( Operator => Capitalize ) ; B : Bag_Of_Strings .Bag ; begin Capitalize_All ( B ) ; end Example_4 ;
Example 5 . A parameterless generic child unit
Children of a generic unit must be generic , no matter what .
If you think about it , it is quite logical : a child unit sees the public and private parts of its parent , including the variables declared in the parent .
If the parent is generic , which instance should the child see ?
The answer is that the child must be the child of only one instance of the parent , therefore the child must also be generic .
generic type Element_Type ( <> ) is private ; type Hash_Type is ( <> ) ; with function Hash_Function ( E : Element_Type ) return Hash_Type ; package Generic_Hash_Map is type Map is private ; private -- omitted end Generic_Hash_Map ;
Suppose we want a child of a Generic_Hash_Map that can serialise the map to disk ; for this it needs to sort the map by hash value .
This is easy to do , because we know that Hash_Type is a discrete type , and so has a less - than operator .
The child unit that does the serialisation does not need any additional generic parameters , but it must be generic nevertheless , so it can see its parent 's generic parameters , public and private part .
generic package Generic_Hash_Map .Serializer is procedure Dump ( Item : in Map ; To_File : in String ) ; procedure Restore ( Item : out Map ; From_File : in String ) ; end Generic_Hash_Map.Serializer ;
To read and write a map to disk , you first create an instance of Generic_Hash_Map , for example Map_Of_Unbounded_Strings , and then an instance of Map_Of_Unbounded_Strings .
Serializer :
with Ada. Strings .
Unbounded ; with Generic_Hash_Map .Serializer ; procedure Example_5 is use Ada. Strings .
Unbounded ; function Hash ( S : in Unbounded_String ) return Integer is separate ; -- omitted package Map_Of_Unbounded_Strings is new Generic_Hash_Map ( Element_Type => Unbounded_String , Hash_Type => Integer , Hash_Function => Hash ) ; package Serializer is new Map_Of_Unbounded_Strings .
Serializer ; M : Map_Of_Unbounded_Strings .Map ; begin Serializer .
Restore ( Item => M , From_File => " map.dat " ) ; end Example_5 ;
See also [ edit ]
Wikibook [ edit ]
Ada Programming
Ada Programming / Object Orientation : tagged types provides other mean of polymorphism in Ada .
Wikipedia [ edit ]
IN RESPONSE to last week 's climate - change post , commenter " So ... " said
Rather than ' taking a stance ' , newspapers should do [ a ] better job of describing the nuances of scientific findings .
I know I 'm being delusional , though .
I mean , how many science / engineering graduates go into journalism ?
Good point .
For example , a week ago Phil Jones , the director of the Climatic Research Unit at the University of East Anglia , gave an interview to the BBC that was widely described as a debacle .
The main reason was that the BBC reporter asked Mr Jones whether he would concede that global warming since 1995 has not been statistically significant .
Mr Jones replied : " Yes , but only just , " and went on to note that there was a measured global warming of 0.12 °C per decade since then , and that it tends to be harder to get statistical significance out of shorter time samples .
This led to a Daily Mail headline reading : " Climategate U - turn as scientist at centre of row admits :
There has been no global warming since 1995 . "
Since I 've advocated a more explicit use of the word " lie " , I 'll go ahead and follow my own advice : that Daily Mail headline is a lie .
Phil Jones did not say there had been no global warming since 1995 ; he said the opposite .
He said the world had been warming at 0.12 °C per decade since 1995 .
However , over that time frame , he could not quite rule out at the traditional 95 % confidence level that the warming since 1995 had not been a random fluke .
Anyone who has even a passing high - school familiarity with statistics should understand the difference between these two statements .
At a longer time interval , say 30 or 50 or 100 years , Mr Jones could obviously demonstrate that global warming is a statistically significant trend .
In the interview he stated that the warming since 1975 is statistically significant .
Everyone , even climate - change sceptics , agrees that the earth has experienced a warming trend since the late 19th century .
But if you take any short sample out of that trend ( say , 1930 - 45 or 1960 - 75 ) , you might not be able to guarantee that the particular warming observed in those years was not a statistical fluke .
This is a simple truth about statistics : if you measure just ten children , the relationship between age and height might be a fluke .
But obviously the fact remains that older children tend to be taller than younger ones , and if you measure 100 of them , you 'll find the relationship quite statistically significant indeed .
What 's truly infuriating about this episode of journalistic malpractice is that , once again , it illustrates the reasons why the East Anglia scientists adopted an adversarial attitude towards information management with regard to outsiders and the media .
They were afraid that any data they allowed to be characterised by non-climate scientists would be vulnerable to propagandistic distortion .
And they were right .
This video , recommended by conservative blogger Charles Johnson , provides a very good illustration and explanation of the " statistical significance " issue and the Daily Mail 's scientific illiteracy .
What are the next entries for the following sequences ?
References :
lookup 4 9 16 25 36 lookup 3 5 8 13 21
" There 's the Old Testament , the New Testament , and the Handbook of Integer Sequences " .
I deny all knowledge of the rumor that NJAS has copyrighted the integers .
It was a frequently used phrase by one of our professors back in school .
What he meant by it was this ; as architects and designers we ’ll always be liable for everything except aesthetics .
City planners will evaluate a project ’s zoning and height restrictions .
Building officials will scrutinize the structural and life - safety design .
Inspectors will analyze the electrical , plumbing and mechanical systems .
Health inspectors will scour over the food service requirements .
From the sidewalk curb down to the energy efficiency of each and every window , there are codes to meet and agencies to satisfy .
As a professional , you can be held liable for a daunting number of issues .
How the building looks , however , is not one of them .
There is a powerful undercurrent to all of this .
Since there are n’t any state or city agencies enforcing good aesthetics on designers , it is precisely the designers that become the guardians of aesthetics .
No one is going to make us architects uphold a visual code , it ’s up to us .
We appreciate the freedom from regulation of aesthetics and would find it awkward if an agency were enforcing codes in the realm of aesthetics .
At the same time , the abundance of aesthetically negligent buildings in the built - environment is alarming , cover your children ’s eyes so they do n’t see it , threat level orange alarming .
Team BUILD recently went on a neighborhood walk - about and began documenting buildings that , in our opinion , are aesthetically negligent .
As it turns out , there are key ingredients to the recipe of aesthetic negligence .
Topping the list is the complete lack of any driving idea or concept .
A close second is having no relationship to time ( like the present one ) or region ( like the northwest ) .
Following close behind is the architectural movement known as “ a mixture of various globbed on styles from bygone eras and distant places ” .
The inclusion of roofettes is high on our list as is stucco , which always seems to have a starring role in these buildings .
When these buildings actually include outdoor space they are peel - n - stick decks , jimmy - rigged to the outside .
Even at the ground floor the connection to the sidewalk is vacant and the contribution to the street life is non-existent .
Most disturbing about these buildings is that , behind each and every one , is a licensed architect who at one point or another approved the drawings and stamped the permit set .
Every one of these buildings was drawn up in elevation , unrolled on a professional architect ’s desk and at some point they must have thought to themselves “ yep , it ’s finished , time to take this baby in for permit ” .
Dumbfounding .
In order to obtain a license in architecture , a minimum of 5 years of college level work is required at an accredited school of architecture .
An additional 3 years of professional training is required under the supervision of a licensed architect .
A nine part exam must then be passed prior to licensure .
With all of the checks and balances along the way , it ’s amazing that work this terrible is making it through the system .
But contrary to rational thought , these buildings are flourishing , they ’re popping up like weeds .
Our professor was right , you ’ll never get sued for ugly .
The evidence is everywhere and it would appear that the profession of architecture can no longer depend on it ’s own process to ensure good design .
As the guardians of aesthetics , if we fail to maintain a decent level of design in the built - environment , the freedom of design will gradually be taken over by review boards and covenants .
Architects will lose the very authority that attracted most of us to design in the first place .
If you are seeking information about the Employee Free Choice Act , go
If you would like more information about unions and their tactics , go
If you would like to receive regular updates on the status of the Employee Free Choice Act , as well as news and views about today 's unions go
Virtualization is a key enabling technology for the modern datacenter .
Without virtualization , tricks like load balancing and multitenancy would n't be available from datacenters that use commodity x86 hardware to supply the on - demand compute cycles and networked storage that powers the current generation of cloud - based Web applications .
Even though it has been used pervasively in datacenters for the past few years , virtualization is n't standing still .
Rather , the technology is still evolving , and with the launch of I/O virtualization support from Intel and AMD it 's poised to reach new levels of performance and flexibility .
Our past virtualization coverage looked at the basics of what virtualization is , and how processors are virtualized .
The current installment will take a close look at how I/O virtualization is used to boost the performance of individual servers by better virtualizing parts of the machine besides the CPU .
Part 1 described three ways in which a component might be virtualized ; emulation , " classic " virtualization , and paravirtualization , and part 2 described in more detail how each of these methods was used in CPU virtualization .
But the CPU is not the only part of a computer that can use these techniques ; although hardware devices are quite different from a CPU , similar approaches are equally useful .
I/O basics : the case of PCI and PCIe
Before looking at how I/O devices are virtualized , it 's important to know in broad terms how they work .
These days most PC hardware is , from an electronic and software perspective , PCI or PCI Express ( PCIe ) ; although many devices ( disk controllers , integrated graphics , on - board networking ) are not physically PCI or PCIe — they do n't plug into a slot on the motherboard — the way in which they are detected , identified , and communicated with is still via PCI or PCIe .
In PCI , each device is identified by a bus number , a device number , and a device function .
A given computer might have several PCI buses which might be linked ( one bus used to extend another bus , joined through a PCI bridge ) or independent ( several buses all attached to the CPU ) , or some combination of the two .
Generally , large high - end machines with lots of I/O expansion have more complicated PCI topologies than smaller or cheaper systems .
Each device on a bus is assigned a device number by the PCI controller , and each device exposes one or more numbered functions .
For example , many graphics cards offer integrated sound hardware for use with HDMI ; typically the graphics capability will be function zero , the sound will be function 1 .
Only one device can use the bus at any given moment , which is why high - end machines often have multiple independent buses — this allows multiple devices to be active simultaneously .
PCIe operates similarly .
PCIe is a point - to - point architecture rather than a bus architecture ; rather than all devices ( and all hardware slots ) on the same bus being electrically connected , in PCIe there are no connections between devices .
Instead , each device is connected solely to the controller .
Each connection between device and controller is regarded as its own bus ; devices are still assigned numbers , but because there can only be one device on each " bus , " this number will always be zero .
This approach allows software to treat PCIe as if it were PCI , allowing for easier migration from PCI to PCIe .
This point - to - point topology alleviates the bus contention problem in PCI — since there is no bus sharing , there are fewer restrictions on concurrent device activity .
Actual data transfer to and from the device can use three mechanisms — system memory , x86 I/O ports , and PCI configuration space .
x86 I/ O ports are there to provide legacy compatibility , and PCI configuration space is used primarily for configuration .
The main way that the OS communicates with PCIe devices is through system memory ; this is the only mechanism that allows for large , general - purpose transfers .
( With I / O ports , reads and writes are limited to 32 bits , and the CPU must take action after every single read or write , making communication slow and processor - intensive .
And PCI configuration space is limited to 256 bytes , and used only for device configuration ) .
Each device is assigned a block of system memory to which it can read and write directly ( " DMA , " direct memory access ) .
For I / O devices requiring bulk transfers — disk controllers , network adaptors , video cards — this is the primary communication mechanism , as each of these devices performs regular large transfers .
When software wants to tell a PCI device to do something , the host delivers a command to the bus .
Each device inspects the command , and acts on it if necessary .
When the device wants to tell the CPU to do something — either because it has completed a command , or received some data — it interrupts the CPU , which in turn executes the device driver .
PCI interrupts are generally delivered using 4 physical interrupt connections .
These connections are shared between all devices on the same bus , so the device driver must then examine the interrupt to ensure it is handled properly .
PCIe interrupts do not use physical hardware ; instead , a message is sent to the device driver by writing to the block of memory assigned to the device —
PCIe uses the same system for interrupts as it does for data transfer .
This avoids the need to share interrupt lines , by enabling interrupts to be directed specifically and solely to the device that needs them .
Virtualizing PCI and PCIe
So , how do these things get virtualized ?
The first approach is emulation .
Just as CPU emulation requires an entire virtual CPU to be run " in software , " the same is true of device emulation .
Generally , the approach taken is for the virtualization software to emulate well - known real - world devices .
All the PCI infrastructure — device enumeration and identification , interrupts , DMA — is replicated in software .
These software models respond to the same commands , and do the same thing as their hardware counterparts .
The guest OS will write to its virtualized device memory ( whether it be system memory , x86 I/O , or PCI configuration space ) , and trigger interrupts , and the VMM software will respond as if it were real hardware .
Even this interrupt signalling uses emulation ; one of the emulated devices is an interrupt controller .
This " response " generally means making an equivalent call to the host OS .
So , for example , to write some data to disk , the guest OS will use its driver to write that to the disk controller 's device memory , which sits inside a device model — a kind of virtual controller — along with the PCI configuration space and a virtual version of the controller chip .
Then , using an interrupt sent via the VM 's virtual interrupt controller , the guest OS commands the VMM 's virtual disk controller to write that to a particular location on the disk .
In turn , the VMM 's disk controller will tell the host OS to write the data to a particular spot in a file ( or , when used with so - called raw disks , to a particular spot on disk ) .
The host OS then does the same thing as the guest OS — it copies the data to the disk controller 's device memory via its driver and signals an interrupt .
A software - emulated device
In the diagram above , you can see that there 's an entire virtual device and a virtual interrupt controller in the VM , and then another pair of these in the VMM .
That 's two layers of emulation before you get to the hardware .
( The one element of the diagram above that 's probably not at all self - explanatory is the little tab with gears on it beneath the OS .
That 's the device driver , and device model in the VMM uses it to interface with the hardware . )
Rumours are rife that high - profile USF1 partner YouTube may be poised to swap its allegiance as the speculation surrounding the American team deepens .
Little has been heard from the Charlotte - based operation since it confirmed that Argentine touring car driver Jose Maria Lopez would be its first signing , and whispers insist that it is unlikely to make the grid in Bahrain next month , let alone see out the entire 2010 season .
Further credence has been given to the rumour with reports that the team 's head of business development , Brian Bonner , has quit his role and could be followed out of the door by YouTube founder and CEO Chad Hurley .
While Bonner has accepted a new post with B4 Marketing , YallaF1 suggests that Hurley has begun to investigate the possibility of swapping his support to either the equally troubled Campos Meta team or ambitious benchwarmer Stefan GP , which is angling after a place on the grid whether or not the other newcomers make it to Bahrain [ see story here ] .
USF1's Charlotte base has also been put up for sale by its leaseholder , although that is not thought to be any reflection on the security of its tenants , which also include NASCAR teams Robby Gordon Racing and BAM Racing .
Campos , meanwhile , is hoping to be able to name the white knight that is believed to have secured its immediate future , with Germany 's Auto Motor und Sport quoting an insider who expects to hear good news ' within 24 hours ' .
The possibility of that investor being Hurley appears to have gathered momentum as rapidly as suggestions that A1GP Tony Teixeira would become involved have cooled .
Meanwhile , internet rumours that both Volkswagen and former Midland / Spyker / Force India head man Colin Kolles could be on their way to the Spanish team have been denied by those involved .
Former BAR and Red Bull tech chief Geoff Willis has yet to play down suggestions that he is play a part in either Campos Meta or Dallara 's future F1 plans after being spotted at last week 's Jerez test .
Campos is reported to have had trouble meeting payment deadlines with both its Italian chassis partner and engine supplier Cosworth .
Despite the rumours , however , former Midland and Spyker test driver and reigning Superleague Formula Champion Adrian Valles continues to be tipped to partner Lopez at USF1 [ see separate story - click here ] , and the Argentine says he would welcome the Spaniard alongside him to complete what would be an all - rookie pairing at the North Carolina concern .
" For many reasons , I would love to have Adrian as my team - mate , " the 26 - year - old told Spanish daily sports newspaper Marca .
" Firstly , he is a young guy who is talented and experienced ; secondly , because I know him from our time together on the Renault driver development programme .
Adrian has done well in all the categories he has competed in , proving he is a talented driver .
" I think , more than experience , it is important to have the right attitude and the desire to develop and help the team .
Logically , it is very useful for an inexperienced team in F1 to have an experienced driver , but so too is it [ useful ] to have young drivers who are willing to give everything . "
Stefan GP , meanwhile , waits in the wings , hoping to get the call to replace either of the ailing newcomers , and this week called for the F1 entry to be expanded to 14 teams to allow it to take its place on the grid regardless of developments at Campos Meta and USF1 .
In this morning 's Breakfast With Dave newsletter , Rosie discusses offers his doubts on the " recovery " in light of blatantly weak data .
Breakfast With Dave :
The economy continues to pull a rabbit out of the hat and expand even with contracting employment and bank credit .
As we stated above with respect to Wal - Mart ’s weak sales data , how did Mr. Market manage to ignore the labour market news yesterday .
All we hear from bullish strategists is that jobless claims are the key , and while they have been improving in recent months , yesterday ’s data was disappointing in that claims rose 31,000 in the February 13 week , to 473,000 .
Unfortunately , that was the nonfarm payroll survey week .
While the number of continuing claims was unchanged at 4.56 million that understates the situation because when all the emergency benefit programs are included , the backlog of total unemployment claimants jumped 280k in the January 30 week to a whopping 11.7 million .
Jim D. has a legitimate complaint , echoed by other readers :
We have enormous needs at home , and we should n’t let foreign crises distract us from them .
But do we really need to say that we ca n’t address suffering in Congo or Haiti , or anywhere else , because we have our own needs ?
Particularly when the Congo war has claimed so many lives ( perhaps more than six million ) , is n’t it time for the U.S. to lead a major , global diplomatic push for peace ?
Sometimes it ’s said that women and children bear the brunt of the brutality in Congo .
That ’s not quite right ; a United Nations official estimates that the population here in South Kivu Province is 55 percent female because so many men have been executed .
Women are less likely to be killed but more likely to be tortured .
So can anything be done about this abattoir , or is Jim D. right that it is just one more tragedy to which we must wearily resign ourselves ?
Image Nicholas D. Kristof Credit ... Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
One answer is simple :
Some people are already showing that it is possible to make a difference here .
International Rescue Committee is helping rape survivors recover .
The World Food Program averts starvation with its food distributions .
And Eve Ensler , author of “ The Vagina Monologues , ” is working with Unicef to build a City of Joy here to train women  some of them shattered by war  to transform their communities .
City of Joy will teach legal rights , self - defense and skills for economic empowerment , and a team of female construction workers is helping build it right now .
The main purpose of this blog is to keep track of some problems and solutions that I have come across at my job .
It can be said that this blog is some sort of my IT diary .
Hope that my posts will be useful to you also .
Hip - hop comedian Raaaaaaaandy ( aka " Parks and Recreation " star Aziz Ansari ) and TV on the Radio's Dave Sitek have a rap mixtape on the way .
And according to this first introductory track , no MC is safe from their wrath .
There are eight A's in " AAAAAAAANGRY " for a reason .
On the track , Eminem , Drake , Dr. Dre , Ludacris , Jay - Z , Clipse , DOOM , Wu - Tang Clan , Mos Def , Kanye West , and more are all chewed out for failing to deliver promised verses for Raaaaaaaandy and Sitek 's mixtape in a timely manner .
Tell 'em why you mad , Raaaaaaaandy .
( P.S. That 's RZA at the end there . )
As for the rest of the tape , it was supposed to come out this month but -- in true hip - hop fashion -- it looks like it 'll be delayed a bit , according to a recent " Booty Blog " video posted on YouTube that you can ( and should ) watch below :
So what ’s it going to be then , hey ?
Will the outcome of the Brexit negotiations see the UK forced to adhere to the EU ’s “ level
Quite literally : After a trip of 10 minutes inside this Mandelbrot fractal ( be sure to check the HD version on Vimeo ) , the original image you saw would be “ billions and billions ” of times larger than the whole Universe .
As the author , hd - fractals , explains :
“ The final magnification is e.214 .
Want some perspective ?
A magnification of e.12 would increase the size of a particle to the same as the earths orbit !
e.21 would make a particle look the same size as the milky way and e.42 would be equal to the universe .
This zoom smashes all of them all away .
If you were " actually " travelling into the fractal your speed would be faster than the speed of light . ”
You can compare it to some actual zooms into hair , concrete , metal et al .
I found this gem via the always great Nerdcore , which also pointed to a previous zoom into the Mandelbrot set which “ only ” went to e.89 , in 2008 , with a maximum of 2,100,000,000 iterations .
Remember that these infinite and exquisite details emerge from the repeated iteration of the simple expression z n+1 = z n 2 + c.
It ’s the Mandelbrot set .
And there ’s more !
After the jump .
The homepage of hd - fractals showcased some other amazing works , including a video of the Mandelbulb , a representation of the Mandelbrot set in three dimensions , by Inigo Quilez :
And a Mandelbulb morph , also by Quilez :
Popularity : 3 % [ ?]
Posted in Science
doubleTap : Double Tap Certain Characters to insert and jump out of character pairs .
script karma Rating 12/3 , Downloaded by 438 Comments , bugs , improvements
Vim wiki created by jeff buttars script type ftplugin description
This plugin provides an easy , way to insert matching pair characters , ie : [ ] , ( ) , '' , and not so matchy characters like + and . , common concatenation characters .
DoubleTap also provides a quick and easy way to terminate a line no matter where on the line the cursor is .
For instance a double semicolon , ; ; , will trim all of the white space at the end of the line and insert a semicolon at the end of the current line .
DoubleTap provides some simple abstraction functions to do the more intricate work and then provides default mappings to wire those functions to characters , pairs and events .
You can easily use the core functions provided by doubleTap to create your own mappings and behaviours .
install details unzip doubleTap.zip -d ~/.vim ( or equivalent , e.g. $ HOME \vimfiles on Windows ) rate this script Life Changing Helpful Unfulfilling script versions ( upload new version ) Click on the package to download .
package script version date Vim version user release notes doubleTap.zip 1 2009 - 12-20 7.0 jeff buttars Initial upload ip used for rating : 176.9.113.70
Costa Rica has elected its first female president in a landslide victory , marking another political milestone for women in Latin America .
Laura Chinchilla , from the centrist ruling party , won 47 % of the vote in a crowded field in yesterday 's poll , further eroding the region 's reputation as a bastion of machismo and patriarchy .
" Wives and working women continue overcoming barriers to make a greater Costa Rica , " the 50 - year - old said in her acceptance speech .
" All the women and also the men who have accompanied us have made it possible that a daughter of this country can today be president . "
Chinchilla is the fifth woman to be elected president in Latin America in the past two decades , a sign of slowly growing female economic and political clout after centuries of subservience .
She followed Argentina 's Cristina Kirchner , elected in 2007 , Chile 's Michelle Bachelet , elected in 2006 , Panama 's Mireya Moscoso , elected in 1999 , and Nicaragua 's Violeta Chamorro , elected in 1990 .
Chinchilla , married and mother to a teenage son , is a protege of President Óscar Arias , a Nobel peace laureate and veteran political operator who has consolidated Costa Rica as one of central America 's most stable , prosperous economies .
She stepped down as vice - president last year to run as his successor and promised to keep the ruling National Liberation party 's free market policies of expanding trade deals and wooing investment .
" I am thankful for the good work of the outgoing government and thankful our country is again moving forward and refuses to allow this advance to stop , " Chinchilla told cheering supporters .
A social conservative who opposes gay marriage and abortion , she campaigned under the slogan " Laura : firm and honest , " and said her priority would be to combat drug - fuelled violent crime .
Opponents had cast her as a hypocritical Arias puppet who was soft on criminals .
One rival , Otto Guevara , took a televised polygraph test to show he was more honest .
Another , Luis Fishman , ran on the slogan that of all the candidates he was the " lesser evil " .
Despite or perhaps partly because of such tactics , Chinchilla won in all seven provinces , a rare feat , and easily surpassed the 40 % needed to avoided a run-off .
She will not have an easy ride .
Environmentalists oppose the president - elect 's commitment to open - pit mining , trade unions resent a free trade deal with the US and opposition parties may have enough votes in congress to impede her fiscal and energy policies .
Girls and women are getting better education and jobs across Latin America but patriarchy remains entrenched , according to a recent poll taken in 18 countries .
Some 36 % of respondents said women should stay at home rather than work , the same proportion as in 1997 .
Space On - Air
Remove as many sticks as possible from each structure while keeping the transmitter above the dotted line .
Click on the checkmark to progress to the next level .
Maybe it was the renewed intimacy of sitting in the lower bowl , but last night 's experience at the good old hockey game seemed a little richer and more intense than usual .
My detailed game report focussed on the action between the boards , but my night out at the ol ' Coliseum encompassed much more .
I dropped my wife as close to the door as possible and circled ' round to the parking spot .
I daresay it 's not every city in the NHL where one can park for free less than 10 minutes walk from the arena .
I 've parked in the same spot since 1977 and never have paid a dime ( though I had my tires slashed during the ' 87 Stanley Cup Finals ) .
No doubt that 's another of those untapped revenue streams that are driving the thirst for a new arena since there is currently something less than 100 % , uh , penetration of the parking customers .
I like the old arena just fine .
I 've made this same walk hundreds of times , down the alley , across the field , through the bus terminal and down the stairs into the LRT station , joining the copper - and - blue - clad throngs coming off the train .
Game night atmosphere grows ever more tangible : my favourite busker , the bearded guy with the wonky eye playing an Irish whistle in the tunnel ; just outside the station doors the regular scalper asking his familiar " Anybody need tickets ? " or " Who 's got tickets ? " or frequently , both .
I 've never once seen this dude inside the arena , but have walked by him at this spot virtually every time I 've gone to an NHL game since 1979 .
He started out as a teenage kid and still looks young to my eye .
I rejoin my bride in the lobby and into the house of hockey we go .
We 've cut it a little close , so Paul Lorieau is already singing as we arrive at our section .
I partake in my usual anthem custom of looking not at the flag but at the banners : the 23 championship banners directly above us , all but one of which were unfurled back in the days we had season tickets ; and at the far end , the row of 7 retired numbers , all odd , of the heroes of yesteryear .
This always puts me in a good headspace for the game at hand , reminding me of all the legendary hockeyists and important games I 've seen over the years .
Win or lose tonight , it really wo n't change a thing .
Game on !
It 's a rare weekend game -- Oilers play just 10 of their 41 home dates on a Friday or Saturday this season -- and there 's a party atmosphere in the building despite the long losing streak and the hopelessness of the locals ' situation .
Alas , the local Hall of Famers are all enshrined in those banners , and there 's nothing resembling one on the ice , at least not wearing the fabled blue - and - orange that has returned to favour in recent years .
The visitors , the all - too - familiar rival Dallas Stars , are struggling through a losing streak of their own although their own season is not yet a write - off .
Predictably both teams come out motivated , and flying .
The early minutes feature a few thundering hits and soon enough , a spirited fight .
Seen from the lowest vantage point ( Row 13 ) I 've had in some years -- I used to sit down here every night when tickets were less than a tenth of their current cost -- the speed , the colour , the violence , the urgency of the game all seem a little more immediate .
So does the unending din emanating from the speakers and the big screen , endless product shilling passed off as " entertainment " .
Old fogey that I am , I long for a simpler time of less contrived cheers and fewer flashing lights ; of organ music between whistles and occasional actual silences that allowed the leatherlungs to participate directly .
Those days are long gone ; nowadays it seems as if the paying customers are charged by the decibel and every second must be filled with sound and fury signifying nothing .
The quietest moments occur when the game is actually in progress .
Soon enough the frenetic action below results in a misplay by the local heroes and the all too familiar groan as the puck enters the net .
Things go from bad to worse as the referees get involved , and voices rise in anger as the Oilers seem to be unfairly targeted .
Soon that evens out , a powerplay goal scored at each end of the ice with lots of action in the process .
By the end of the first it 's clear we 're in for a good game .
A special pleasure occurs during the intermission when I connect with two friends I 've never met except as names on the Oilogosphere .
Both " Woodguy " and Jordan ( f.k.a " Unleaded " ) have read that I 'm coming tonight , initiated contact , and come down to our section for a handshake and an animated discussion on the game .
They feel like old friends -- we just get right into advanced hockey talk with no need for preamble .
All too soon the players return to the ice .
Dallas takes the zone right in front of us , and for a time I concentrate on the visitors .
The injury - depleted Oilers may have relatively few charismatic players but the Stars are chockablock with them .
There 's Marty Turco , accomplished goaltender and entertaining showman .
Here 's gritty Stephane Robidas , wearing a full cage yet again after presumably absorbing yet another bop in his battered beak ; shocking to see how little this guy is ( 5 ' 11 , 190 ) for someone who is involved in more hits , give and take , than any player in the league .
Over there is the former Conn Smythe winner Brad Richards of Murray Harbour , PEI , returning to form with an excellent season .
On his wing , the emerging power forward James Neal is the apple of knowing eyes .
And that can only be Mike Modano flying down the wing , his sweater billowing behind him à la Guy Lafleur .
One of just three remaining relics of the 80s ( along with Mark Recchi and Rod Brind ' Amour ) , Modano has achieved the rare status of a four - decade player .
I think back to that night on January 2 , 1980 , when the extraordinary Gordie Howe officially became a FIVE - decade player in a game right in this same building .
No gimmicks , either : Howe was still a legitimate player , and I remain in awe of his feats of longevity .
The game swirls on below us as described in the game report .
Emotions ebb and flow as the Oilers fall two behind , then get back into the game with a beautiful goal very late in the second .
The crowd seems really into it , beginning a number of spontaneous " Let 's Go Oilers " chants to rally the troops .
The Stars are on the ropes , tiring , relying on Turco 's thumbs to plug the dyke .
The minutes tick down until the Oilers pull the goalie in a final desparate act that never works any more .
Tonight , unbelievably , it does , as Modano of all people accidentally kicks the puck into his own net .
The crowd rises , roars ; the Oilers are carrying the play , and at long last victory seems at hand .
Or is it ?
With the score finally tied for the first time since the opening minutes , the Oilers fall apart , mess with their lines , fumble the puck , lose their man , and into the net it goes for a shocking last - minute loss .
Yet another in a series of gut - wrenchers , this one was extraordinary by any standards .
But the game itself has been special , with goals , great saves , and excitement right down to the last second .
I 'm much more philosophical about tough losses than I once was .
Defeat , no matter how painful in its moment , merely serves to reinforce how rare and precious were those other moments of ultimate victory .
Joyful moments that I was lucky to experience four times in this historic building .
Much of tonight 's large crowd is too young to have seen those days or to achieve such a perspective .
Unlike other recent games I 've attended , though , the entire audience has remained to see out this bizarre conclusion ; now the mass exodus begins , people still buzzing with disbelief at the chain of events .
My wife and I wait a few minutes for the crush to subside , then make our way out of the building , past my least - favourite busker ( the wannabe - drummer dude with no sense of rhythm who pounds away on an improvised drum kit of plastic pails ) , away from the dispersing mob , and on into the winter night .
Despite the outcome , it has been a very good night .
A hockey night .
People who have n’t stepped out of their house will never understand the terms of travel and the joys that it brings to life .
As an individual , you might have learnt a lot in classes and other such places , but there is another way through which you learn more about the world .
Well , we are talking about travelling , and we are also going to lay some reasons to justify our stance .
It ’s Practical and not Theory
By now , we are all aware of the main difference between practical knowledge and theoretical knowledge and the kind of impact that they leave on us .
Learning things by physically doing them is way better than reading them from a book .
As you travel , you get to experience world cultures , and that is way better than reading it from your history books .
When you read them , you create a vision in your mind based on your perspectives .
But when you practically see them , you are bound to experience them in the purest forms , and that will never leave your mind .
Experience Makes a Difference
As mentioned above , we end up creating experiences as we travel , and these new ventures mark a huge difference in our lives .
Our analysis becomes better , and our thought process takes shape into something better and different .
These experiences can never be felt through any other method , as only you can understand them and acknowledge them .
Hence , experience moulds your character , as you tend to be another person .
A Different Take
There are certain boundaries that the classroom needs to follow , and you will learn only based on them .
But while you travel , you are exposing yourself to unexpected situations and instances that require to act immediately .
They maneuver your mind differently , as you go about solving situations .
Hence you learn a lesson or two about life and reality that has a bigger impact than any other subject in the world .
﻿
Understanding You
If you some asks you to lay down some of your characteristics , you might not be able to jot them down immediately .
Because situations are the ones that bring out your true self and you will understand that by the way you act in these instances .
So if you are a traveller and someone asks you sum up your characteristics , you will be able to write them down in a matter of no time , as life has taught you all that you need to know .
Advanced Social Skills
We all know the reason why we never attend gatherings and meetings due to our poor social skills .
But all this can be solved by travelling , as you are bound to communicate for various reasons .
Hence , such occurrences help develop an advanced set of skills that will enable you to achieve anything in life .
We 're pleased to hear from our customers regarding their satisfaction with our website .
Although your browser settings do n't allow you to view the website survey we 're conducting , please e-mail your comments .
Historical Debt Outstanding  Annual
Choose a time period :
Choose years 2000 - 2019 1950-1999 1900 - 1949 1850-1899 1790-1849
The History of the Debt
Select the plus signs below to read about different periods in the history of the debt .
Our Heritage
" The United States debt , foreign and domestic , was the price of liberty .
The faith of America has been repeatedly pledged for it ...
Among ourselves , the most enlightened friends of good government are those whose expectations of prompt payment are the highest .
To justify and preserve their confidence ; to promote the increasing respectability of the American name ; to answer the calls of justice ; to restore landed property to its due value ; to furnish new resources , both to agriculture and commerce ; to cement more closely the Union of the States ; to add to their security against foreign attack ; to establish public order on the basis of an upright and liberal policy ; these are the great and invaluable ends to be secured by a proper and adequate provision , at the present period , for the support of public credit . "
Alexander Hamilton , 1790 , First Report on the Public Credit Public Debt In America
1798 Bond Public debt is a fact of life .
The U.S. has had debt since its inception .
Our records show that debts incurred during the American Revolutionary War amounted to $ 75,463,476.52 by January 1 , 1791 .
Over the following 45 years , the debt grew .
Notably , the public debt actually shrank to zero by January 1835 , under President Andrew Jackson .
But soon after , it quickly grew into the millions again .
The American Civil War resulted in dramatic debt growth .
The debt was just $ 65 million in 1860 , but passed $ 1 billion in 1863 and had reached $ 2.7 billion following the war .
The debt grew steadily into the Twentieth Century and was roughly $ 22 billion as the country paid for involvement in World War I .
The buildup to World War II brought the debt up another order of magnitude from $ 51 billion in 1940 to $ 260 billion following the war .
After this period , the debt's growth closely matched the rate of inflation until the 1980s , when it again began to increase rapidly .
Between 1980 and 1990 , the debt more than tripled .
The debt shrank briefly after the end of the Cold War , but by the end of FY 2008 , the gross national debt had reached $ 10.3 trillion , about 10 times its 1980 level .
The national debt as a percentage of the gross domestic product
In recent years there has been a " debt ceiling " in effect .
Whereas Congress once approved legislation for every debt issuance , the growth of government fiscal operations in the 20th century made this impractical .
( For example , the Treasury now conducts more than 267 sales of debt by auction every year to fund nearly $ 8 trillion in debt operations . )
The Treasury was granted authority by the Congress to issue such debt as was needed to fund government operations as long as the total debt did not exceed a stated ceiling .
The " ceiling " is routinely raised by passage of new laws by the United States Congress .
Under Public Law 113- 83 , Temporary Debt Limit Extension
Act , the statutory debt limit is suspended through March 15 , 2015 .
The 18th Century
1776 : The Birth of Public Debt
George Washington ,
portrait by Gilbert Stuart " No pecuniary consideration is more urgent than the regular redemption and discharge of the public debt : on none can delay be more injurious , or an economy of the time more valuable . "
George Washington , 1793 , Message to the House of Representatives
The public debt of the United States can be traced back as far as the American Revolution .
In 1776 , a committee of ten founders took charge of what would become the Treasury , and they helped secure funding for the war through " loan certificates " ( equivalent to bonds ) with which they borrowed money for the fledgling government from France and the Netherlands .
This committee morphed over the next decade into the Department of Finance .
Robert Morris , a wealthy merchant and Congressman ( nicknamed " The Financier " ) , was chosen to lead a new Department of Finance in 1782 .
As the new Superintendent of Finance , Morris was the first committee member to order a reporting of the total government debt owed .
This marked the beginning of annual Treasury reports to the President .
On January 1 , 1783 , the public debt of the new United States totaled $ 43 million .
1783 : Raising Taxes to Meet Operating Expenses
In 1783 , Congress was given the power to raise taxes .
This helped meet the normal operating expenses of the new national government .
But in 1785 , revenues were still inadequate .
Alexander Hamilton rallied for the government to assume some debt and help meet its expenses .
He pushed the framers of the new Constitution to establish measures to provide the assurance that the debt would be paid , and thus increase confidence in the growing government .
Many of Hamilton 's policies have remained a part of our government 's operations ever since .
On September 2 , 1789 , Congress established The Treasury Department , naming Alexander Hamilton , its chief architect , as " Secretary . "
Alexander Hamilton ,
portrait by John Trumbull ,
1792 1789 : Alexander Hamilton Alexander Hamilton ( b. January 11 , 1755 - d. July 12 , 1804 ) was the first United States Secretary of the Treasury , a Founding Father , economist , political philosopher and confidant of George Washington .
He was one of America 's first Constitutional lawyers , and co-wrote " The Federalist Papers , " a primary source for Constitutional interpretation .
As Washington 's Treasury Secretary , Hamilton was very influential in the policy decisions of the new government .
An admirer of British political systems , Hamilton emphasized strong central government and implied powers , under which the new U.S. Congress funded the national debt , assumed state debts , created a national bank , and established tariffs and taxes .
" A national debt , if it is not excessive , " Hamilton argued , " will be to us a national blessing . "
1790 : The Funding Act Hamilton , estimating the total public debt at $ 77.1 million , called for the issuance of new federal bonds to cover the debt .
By assuming the obligation to pay this debt , the government firmly established its good credit .
By February 1792 , interest - bearing government bonds were selling for $ 1.20 - on - the - dollar .
A shrewd investor , buying $ 100 in bonds in 1786 ( at a market price of about $ 15 ) could have sold the replacement bonds issued by the new government for $ 121.50 in 1792 , realizing a handsome profit .
The system of debt management instituted by Hamilton worked well to consolidate the debt and permit the government to make interest payments as they came due ( as well as to secure the faith and credit of the government in the new United States and abroad ) .
1791 : The Bank To consolidate the government 's financial affairs , Hamilton proposed the formation of a national bank to supplement the activities of The Treasury .
Despite the opposition of Jefferson and Madison , the First Bank of the United States opened in 1791 with a total capital of $ 10 million .
Just ten years later , though , Jeffersonian Democrats , who did n't trust banks , overturned this progress .
Jefferson 's Secretary of the Treasury , Albert Gallatin , was a chief critic of Hamilton 's methods of debt management , and made it his priority to reduce public debt .
This worked for a time , reducing the public debt to $ 45.2 million by 1811 , but was derailed by Jefferson 's " Louisiana Purchase . "
The 19th Century
1803 : Albert Gallatin Albert Gallatin , 1848 Abraham Alfonse Albert Gallatin ( b. January 29 , 1761 – d. August 12 , 1849 ) was a Swiss - American anti-Federalist diplomat and congressman , and the longest - serving United States Secretary of the Treasury .
He opposed Hamilton ’s entire program , but , faced with declining revenues and the massive cost of the War of 1812 , Gallatin was forced to reintroduce the Federalist taxes he had previously denounced .
By funding the war deficit ( $ 69 million ) with bond issues , he helped defray the costs .
He later helped charter the Second Bank of the United States in 1816 .
1812 : The First Test of Debt The War of 1812 was financed mainly through the use of borrowed funds .
Total public debt increased from $ 45.2 million on January 1 , 1812 , to $ 119.2 million as of September 30 , 1815 .
1837 : Andrew Jackson
Andrew Jackson ,
portrait by Thomas Sully ,
1824 Andrew Jackson , the seventh president of the United States , was suspicious of banks and did not trust the paper money they issued .
In 1837 , he liquidated the Second Bank of the United States , returning the government ’s original investment plus a profit .
This resulted in a huge government surplus of funds .
( In 1835 , the $ 17.9 million budget surplus was greater than the total government expenses for that year . )
By January of 1835 , for the first and only time , all of the government ’s interest - bearing debt was paid off .
Congress distributed the surplus to the states ( many of which were heavily in debt ) .
The Jackson administration ended with the country almost completely out of debt !
1846 : Rebuilding the Debt The United States went to war with Mexico in May , 1846 , over the annexation of Texas and California .
The total cost of the war was estimated to be $ 64 million , and Congress authorized the issuing of additional debt to meet these obligations .
It is this concept that would later become the basis for the Savings Bond program .
By the end of 1849 , public debt totaled $ 63.1 million .
1860 : The Civil War " This war of ours , in its magnitude and in its duration , is one of the most terrible .
It has produced a national debt and taxation unprecedented , at least in this country .
It has carried mourning to almost every home , until it can almost be said that the ' heavens are hung black ' . "
Abraham Lincoln , 1864 , Speech at Great Central Sanitary Fair , Philadelphia , PA Public debt in 1860 totaled $ 64.8 million ( the annual budget of the federal government at the time was $ 63.1 million ) .
But this small debt would look completely insignificant compared to the amount of money the government would owe at the end of the Civil War .
It is estimated that the Civil War cost the nation $ 5.2 billion in direct expenditures .
As the war dragged on , the federal government was forced to completely overhaul its financial organization to cope with this as - yet - unheard - of amount .
Enormous leaps in the methods and amount of public financing took place during the war years , including : Legal Tender Act ( 1862 ) authorized the Treasury to issue $ 150 million in United States notes and authorized the sale of $ 500 Million in bonds to fund the war effort .
National Bank Act ( 1863 ) permitting the charter of national banks .
By the end of 1865 , interest - bearing public debt stood at $ 2.2 billion , but the union had been preserved .
1865 : Salmon P. Chase
Salmon P Chase ,
circa 1855 - 65 Salmon Portland Chase ( b. January 13 , 1808 – d. May 7 , 1873 ) was one of Lincoln ’s first political appointees , and served as U.S. Treasury Secretary during the Civil War ( and then as Supreme Court Chief Justice of the United States ) .
Chase was an active and avid abolitionist , and devoted to ending slavery .
As Treasury Secretary , Chase oversaw the establishment of a national banking system , which secured a market for government bonds and provided a permanent uniform national currency .
The first U.S. federal currency was printed in 1862 , during Chase ’s tenure as Secretary of the Treasury .
He designed the bills ( many of which originally featured his likeness ) .
1899 : Dawn of a New Age
At the close of the fiscal year of 1899 , the gross debt including Treasury Notes stood at $ 1.9 billion , and government ended the century with its finances in very good order .
The World Wars
Third Liberty Loan Poster 1913 : Federal Reserve
The aftermath of the financial panic of 1907 caused many financial experts to rethink the need for a central bank in the United States .
Legislation in 1913 enabled the formation of the Federal Reserve System , giving it the responsibility of maintaining flexibility in the money supply , providing a way to rediscount bank loans ( by selling loans on a secondary market to increase credit ) , and overseeing the functions of the banking system .
Prior to our entrance into WWI , the Treasury also underwent a process of reorganization .
In 1916 , the government prepared for war by raising taxes and authorizing the Treasury to borrow $ 300 million .
Congress authorized the first Liberty Loan of $ 5 billion , and permitted the Treasury to sell $ 2 billion in short - term certificates to generate operating revenues .
By the end of 1919 , total debt exceeded $ 25 billion , but the war was won and a great burden of debt had been accepted and managed without causing substantial disruption to the economy .
1920 : Reorganization The Bureau of the Public Debt ( established later , in 1940 ) is a direct descendant of the reorganization of the Treasury Department in 1919 and 1920 .
What had been the Office of the Register and the Division of Loans and Currency were both placed under a new Commissioner of the Public Debt , who headed the new Public Debt Service .
A Division of Public Debt Accounts and Audits was formed to maintain auditing control over these two operations and the public debt efforts of the Federal Reserve .
At the time , the number of Public Debt Service employees totaled 3061 .
1929 : Panic Through the 1920s , federal budget surpluses got as high as $ 689 million .
Total debt was gradually reduced from $ 24 billion to about $ 17 billion .
But business activity began to decline in the summer of 1929 , and the stock market crash followed in October .
By the early 1930s , it was apparent that a major economic crisis was in progress .
President Hoover tried to balance the budget , and FDR continued this after being elected in 1932 , but bad times forced the deficit up as public works efforts ( to offset financial hardships ) were funded .
By 1933 , the budget deficit was nearly $ 3 billion , and the debt had risen to more than $ 22 billion .
Many economists at the time disdained the attempt to balance the budget " no matter what , " and , drawing on the ideas of the English economist John Maynard Keynes , thought that a general fiscal depression was as great a national emergency as a war , and that the government should be willing to use deficits to stimulate the economy , just as it would borrow money to fight a war .
John Maynard Keynes ( right )
and Harry Dexter White
at the Bretton Woods
Conference , 1944 1932 : John Maynard Keynes John Maynard Keynes ( b. June 5 , 1883 – d. April 21 , 1946 ) was a British economist whose ideas , called " Keynesian economics , " had a major impact on modern economic and political theory as well as on many governments ' fiscal policies .
He advocated an " interventionist " government policy , by which the government would use fiscal and monetary measures to mitigate the adverse effects of economic recessions , depressions and booms .
He is one of the fathers of modern theoretical macroeconomics .
1935 : US Savings Bonds go to War
The sale of United States Savings Bonds ( first offered on March 1 , 1935 ) helped manage the increasing public debt incurred as the country prepared for WWII .
( See figure A in the right column ) 1940 : The Bureau FDR created the Fiscal Service of the Treasury in April of 1940 .
As part of this agency reorganization plan , the Public Debt Service was designated the Bureau of the Public Debt .
Total public debt was $ 50.7 billion at the time .
But with the coming of WWII , that figure , and the operations of the Bureau itself , would be greatly altered yet again .
Norman Rockwell's
Freedom of Speech Poster 1945 : WWII " And so my fellow Americans , I ask you to demonstrate again your faith in America by joining me in investing … " Franklin D. Roosevelt , 1941 , Radio Address
It has been estimated that total government expenditures during World War II were $ 323 billion .
The effort to fight the war required a total mobilization of the financial resources of the United States ; it is doubtful that any citizen was untouched by the war effort .
This put great pressure on the fiscal agencies of the government .
By 1945 , defense expenditures would be 15 - times what they were in fiscal year 1941 .
Approximately $ 211 billion of the estimated $ 323 billion spent fighting the war was borrowed .
Treasury attempted ( with much success ) to manage this borrowing while minimizing its impact on the economy .
To do this , they worked to better tailor securities to meet the needs of purchasers , especially small investors , and encourage savings through the purchase of government securities .
After the First World War , many small investors were disappointed in their Liberty Bonds experience when values fell .
To win back these small investors , the Treasury issued Savings Bonds as non-marketable securities .
They were non-negotiable , registered ( facilitating easy replacement if lost or stolen ) , with fixed values , and could be easily turned into cash .
This helped make small investors and savers feel more secure .
This effort was so successful that Savings Bonds constituted almost 18 % of total public debt by the end of the war ( helping to pay down nearly $ 50 billion ) .
The increased reliance on non-marketable securities also helped Treasury attain one of Hamilton 's original goals : widespread ownership of the debt .
The Postwar Period
Series H bond , 1952 1950 : Postwar
There was a budget surplus each year from 1946 to 1949 , but the total debt never fell below $ 250 billion .
Fiscal theory no longer centered on balancing the budget , but , following Keynes , took into account the effect that government spending had on economic growth and stability and demanded that government spending should be used as a tool for controlling the economy .
To help bring order to the sprawling post - war bureaucracy , the Bureau of the Public Debt was given new headquarters , and began to take advantage of many new technological advances , like punch cards and microfilm .
With the outbreak of hostilities in Korea in June , 1950 , defense spending jumped from $ 17.7 billion to $ 40.4 billion in 1953 , and the Treasury again became concerned with the problem of financing a war effort .
In 1957 , Under - Secretary of the Bureau of the Public Debt , W. Randolph Burgess , approved Parkersburg , West Virginia , as the Bureau 's new electronic processing center .
The new location benefited from its rural location as " a non-critical target area " ( this being the height of the Cold War ) , and enjoyed an abundant local workforce .
Soon after , the DATAmatic Corporation is authorized to install a " state - of - the - art " 25 - ton DATAmatic Model 1000 computer system , called " The Great Brain , " at Parkersburg .
The computer alone occupied 6,000 square feet !
1960 : Turbulence
No one could have forecast the increase of government activity and debt at the beginning of the 1960s .
Up to that time , the post - World War II period had seen only seven years of government deficits ( associated with the Korean War or economic recession ) mixed with seven years of budgetary surplus .
The total debt rose by a modest $ 30 billion ( from $ 260 billion to $ 290 billion ) .
And if inflation is taken into account , the real value of the debt would be seen to fall during this time !
The Bureau of the Public Debt grew by leaps and bounds during the '60s , introducing new paper - and time - saving processes to help investors .
In 1968 , regulations were put into place for the use of book - entry accounting in which Treasury securities would be recorded as entries in the accounts of the Federal Reserve Bank that issued them , instead of as definitive securities issued in the form of printed pieces of paper .
This new system reduced the amount of paperwork involved with government securities transactions !
Freedom Shares , 1967
But the war in Vietnam , and the country ’s deeper intervention from 1966 onward , as well as the Johnson administration ’s " Great Society " programs , raised the budget deficit to $ 25.2 billion , the most it had been since World War II .
With a tax increase , the budget for 1969 actually showed a surplus of $ 3.2 billion , marking the last time the federal government ’s finances would be " in the black " until 1998 .
( By 1970 , total debt would rise to $ 382.6 billion , increasing $ 92 billion over the decade . )
1970 : Tightening Our Belts President Nixon inherited the expensive Vietnam War , as well as Johnson ’s " Great Society " programs .
Deficits rose through the early ' 70s to levels previously unheard - of except during World War II .
In 1973 , the budget deficit was $ 14.3 billion .
Then , with the sharp rise in the price of petroleum products due to the OPEC - engineered shortage of 1973 , inflation increased dramatically .
Monetary policy was tightened to fight inflation , but interest rates hit new highs and the deficit reached $ 59 billion by 1980 .
By 1980 total federal debt stood at $ 914 billion , an increase of $ 532 billion since 1970 .
( Sales of Savings Bonds continued to rise but could not keep pace with the increase in the total debt .
At the end of the decade , the total of $ 72.7 billion in Savings Bonds and Notes was only 8 % of the public debt . )
In 1971 , Treasury began selling new issues of Treasury Notes for cash at " competitive auctions " instead of employing its longtime policy of offering securities for subscription at fixed prices and interest rates announced in advance .
This left it to the financial markets to set prices and rates of interest on the securities , ensuring that each offering could be sold with minimal intervention by the Federal Reserve .
Also in 1971 , Public Debt installed a " faster " computer , a Honeywell H- 1250 , to handle the increased workload from growing savings bond sales .
But by mid-decade , the Honeywell gave way to a UNIVAC 1110 computer , which was installed in Public Debt ’s first " raised floor " data center at Parkersburg .
Throughout the 1970s , there was an increase in the amount of public debt securities owned by foreign governments .
Sales of these securities reached $ 28.5 billion in 1973 .
The Present Day
A Look Back at Communism Tracking Down East German Factory Workers
Documentary filmmaker Volker Koepp made a career in communist East Germany out of documenting the lot of factory workers in the country .
Now , with Germany celebrating two decades since reunification , his new film shows how those workers have adapted to life in capitalism .
Von Jess Smee
BEIJING  Fu Lixin , emotionally exhausted from caring for her sick mother , needed a little pick - me - up .
A friend offered her a “ special cigarette ”  one laced with methamphetamine  and Ms. Fu happily inhaled .
The next day , three policemen showed up at her door .
“ They asked me to urinate in a cup , ” she said .
“ My friend had been arrested and turned me in .
It was a drug test .
I failed on the spot . ”
Although she said it was her first time smoking meth , Ms. Fu , 41 , was promptly sent to one of China ’s compulsory drug rehabilitation centers .
The minimum stay is two years , and life is an unremitting gantlet of physical abuse and forced labor without any drug treatment , according to former inmates and substance abuse professionals .
“ It was a hell I ’m still trying to recover from , ” she said .
According to the United Nations , as many as a half million Chinese citizens are held at these centers at any given time .
Detentions are meted out by the police without trials , judges or appeals .
Created in 2008 as part of a reform effort to grapple with the country ’s growing narcotics problem , the centers , lawyers and drug experts say , have become de facto penal colonies where inmates are sent to factories and farms , fed substandard food and denied basic medical care .
Members of the Church of England have voted overwhelmingly in favour of a motion that religion and science are compatible despite bruising assaults by atheist scientists such as Richard Dawkins .
Christians with scientific backgrounds – including two bishops with science degrees – told the General Synod in London that many Christians accepted scientific theories , including those of evolution and the age and origin of the universe .
Launching the debate , a computer scientist , Dr Peter Capon of Manchester diocese , said : " We wish to refute the perception that you have to choose between science and faith … the crude caricature of faith as being blind and irrational .
We reject the ' scientism ' that claims that , in principle , science can resolve all questions capable of being answered .
" Most scientists accept that philosophy , theology and the humanities are alive and well and give insights and understanding that complement but are not replaced by scientific understanding . "
Many Christians have been stung by criticisms which attempt to associate them with American fundamentalists who have waged a high - profile campaign in the US in favour of Creationism , or so - called Intelligent Design theory .
Capon added : " I am not suggesting that we should take the Bible , the inspired word of God , with anything other than the utmost seriousness and reverence .
But we make a category mistake if we try to read it as a modern scientific textbook .
We should be very wary of staking everything on proving or disproving a particular scientific proof .
" Rejecting much mainstream science does nothing to support those Christians who are scientists in their vocation or strengthen the Christian voice in the scientific area .
Christians have always taken their part in scientific endeavour and in unlocking the mysteries of the whole of God 's creation . "
An Oxford physicist , Dr Anna Thomas - Betts , told the synod : " Religion and science have always been integral in my life .
I do n't look in science books to find out how to live and I do n't look in the Bible to find out about Higgs boson .
What is faith but a series of hypotheses verifying the truth of what we believe ? "
Dr Tom Butler , the bishop of Southwark , whose doctorate is in electronics , said : " Since the Enlightenment , science has been dramatically successful in extending human knowledge and understanding of the universe and has changed every aspect of human existence .
Theology , the queen of the sciences of past ages , is now tolerated … as a private preference but in no way has the authority of the true sciences .
" It 's significant that Richard Dawkins is a biologist and biology has been the most successful of the old sciences … but it 's the discipline of physics which tries to delve into more fundamental levels … discovering that existence is more mysterious than we can imagine . "
Quoting Wendy Freedman , author of The New Physics , the bishop added : " ' The measurements point to a universe filled with a kind of matter which we 've never seen , propelled by a force which we do n't understand ' – and they say that religion is all faith .
If believing that is n't faith I do n't know what is .
I do n't think we need be defensive about ours . "
The synod voted by 241 votes to two that it believed in the compatibility of God and science .
On Thursday , Ohio Representative Dennis Kucinich introduced H. Con Res. 248 , a privileged resolution with 16 original cosponsors that will require the House of Representatives to debate whether to continue the war in Afghanistan .
Debate on the resolution is expected early next week .
Original cosponsors of the Kucinich resolution include John Conyers , Ron Paul , José Serrano , Bob Filner , Lynn Woolsey , Walter Jones , Danny Davis , Barbara Lee , Michael Capuano , Raúl Grijalva , Tammy Baldwin , Tim Johnson , Yvette Clarke , Eric Massa , Alan Grayson , and Chellie Pingree .
The Pentagon does n't want Congress to debate Afghanistan .
The Pentagon wants Congress to fork over $ 33 billion more to pay for the current military escalation , no questions asked , no restrictions imposed for a withdrawal timetable or an exit strategy .
Ideally , from the point of view of the Pentagon , Congress would fork over that money right away , before the coming Kandahar offensive that the $ 33 billion is supposed to pay for , because you can expect a lot of bad news out of Afghanistan in the form of deaths of American soldiers and Afghan civilians once the Kandahar offensive starts , and it would sure be awkward if all that bad news reached Washington while the $ 33 billion was hanging fire .
So it 's a great thing that Rep. Kucinich and his 16 allies are forcing Congress to debate the issue , and it would be even better if more Members of Congress would be urged by their constituents to support Kucinich 's resolution .
That would be a signal to the House leadership that continuation of the open-ended war and occupation is controversial in the House , and the House leadership should not try to ram through $ 33 billion more for the war on a fast - track without ample opportunity for debate and amendment .
Every day the Afghanistan war continues is another day on which the United States Government plays Russian Roulette with the lives of American soldiers and Afghan civilians .
The British Government has more urgency than the U.S. government about ending the war - and is more supportive than the U.S. of a political solution to end the conflict - because in Britain there is greater public outcry .
If there were greater public and Congressional outcry in the U.S. , we could be more like Britain , and get our government on board the train to a political solution , instead of prolonging the war indefinitely .
The first step towards bringing our troops home is for Members of Congress to hear from their constituents .
A network of individuals , independent and alternative media activists and organisations , offering grassroots , non-corporate , non-commercial coverage of important social and political issues .
Los Angeles police beat and detain British activist protesting new war in Yemen A British national from London ( who wishes to not have his name revealed ) was viciously beaten by LAPD while attempting a one - man protest against the recent escalating threat of a new US - British front for war in Yemen .
The activist is a student at UCLA on a scholarship and is currently being threatened with deportation and his family has requested that he not release his name at this moment in time .
However , a complaint has been filed with the LAPD ( not by the family , by a friend ) and also forwarded to the Los Angeles Times and L.A.
Weekly , both of whom have thus far ignored to investigate further .
The LAPD has one of the worst track records in terms of physical abuse and it should surprise no one that the media , including the so - called alternative media , go out of their way to ignore the near - constant abuses .
And it should also surprise no one that some of the worst abuses of the LAPD are against foreign nationals who attempt to exercise their right to protest illegal wars and the corporate takeover of the world .
The most honest and sincere quote I have ever heard from a police officer ( and I am sure it is just as true everywhere else ) : " I do n't care what you think or what you think you know .
You have no rights .
You 're nothing .
I do n't care that you did n't commit a crime .
I do n't care that you do n't have a criminal record or that you pay your taxes or whatever .
Right now , right here , you are being belligerent and not following directions .
If you do n't do what I say and follow my directions , I am going to seriously hurt you and if you still resist and do not follow my directions , I am going to make sure you end up in the hospital for a very , very long time .
Do you understand what I am telling you ?
It 's your choice , buddy .
You can walk away right now and we 'll forget all this or I am going to make your life a living hell .
Got it ?
So , do you want trouble or do you want to go home ? "
The brief protest occurred near the Federal Building in Westwood , Los Angeles ( not on federal property ) but within a few minutes LAPD officers had quickly arrived and while not resisting arrest , the activist refused to let go of the red placard that read " No New War In Yemen " and while attempting to exercise his right to freedom of speech , the officers decided to bash his head against the hood of the car and attack his legs with batons .
The activist is a student at UCLA on a scholarship and is currently being threatened with deportation and his family has requested that he not release his name at this moment in time .
However , a complaint has been filed with the LAPD ( not by the family , by a friend ) and also forwarded to the Los Angeles Times and L.A.
Weekly , both of whom have thus far ignored to investigate further .
The LAPD has one of the worst track records in terms of physical abuse and it should surprise no one that the media , including the so - called alternative media , go out of their way to ignore the near - constant abuses .
And it should also surprise no one that some of the worst abuses of the LAPD are against foreign nationals who attempt to exercise their right to protest illegal wars and the corporate takeover of the world .
The most honest and sincere quote I have ever heard from a police officer ( and I am sure it is just as true everywhere else ) : " I do n't care what you think or what you think you know .
You have no rights .
You 're nothing .
I do n't care that you did n't commit a crime .
I do n't care that you do n't have a criminal record or that you pay your taxes or whatever .
Right now , right here , you are being belligerent and not following directions .
If you do n't do what I say and follow my directions , I am going to seriously hurt you and if you still resist and do not follow my directions , I am going to make sure you end up in the hospital for a very , very long time .
Do you understand what I am telling you ?
It 's your choice , buddy .
You can walk away right now and we 'll forget all this or I am going to make your life a living hell .
Got it ?
So , do you want trouble or do you want to go home ? "
Antonin Alexander
[ MSL ] Power Underwhelming Text by Atrioc WARNING , THE FOLLOWING CONTAINS SPOILERS OF NATE MSL 2009 GRAND FINALS
FOR SPOILER FREE COVERAGE OF THE MSL FINALS , CLICK HERE
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
In Game 3 on Odd - Eye of the MSL Grand Finals between Jaedong and Flash , during an important battle approximately 18 minutes into the game , a power outage seemingly caused by Flash 's heating fan crashed both the player 's computers , ending the game and destroying the replay .
KeSPA , using only information available from the VOD as the replay was not available , took a short commercial break and then concluded that there would be no regame , the win would be awarded to Jaedong and the series would resume at Game 4 on Fighting Spirit .
General consensus based on all available facts and opinions from high level Starcraft players indicates that Jaedong had a clear and definite advantage , but opinions remain split on whether or not giving him the win was the correct thing to do .
VOD of the Match
In Game 3 on Odd - Eye of the MSL Grand Finals between Jaedong and Flash , during an important battle approximately 18 minutes into the game , a power outage seemingly caused by Flash 's heating fan crashed both the player 's computers , ending the game and destroying the replay .
KeSPA , using only information available from the VOD as the replay was not available , took a short commercial break and then concluded that there would be no regame , the win would be awarded to Jaedong and the series would resume at Game 4 on Fighting Spirit .
General consensus based on all available facts and opinions from high level Starcraft players indicates that Jaedong had a clear and definite advantage , but opinions remain split on whether or not giving him the win was the correct thing to do .
Kwark :
That vod has another 30 seconds in it not shown on the playback .
The defiler at 7 had just consumed under Flash 's vision and his vessels had no energy to irradiate .
In the last 3 seconds of play you can clearly see on the minimap that Flash 's army aborted its attack on 7 and retreated to hold his min only .
There can be no debate about whether Flash would have broken 7 or not because the vod shows him deciding not to attack it .
Imo that pretty much closes the case on the game .
Nazgul 's Opinion :
It is very hard to give an opinion on this without the full facts being out yet and opinions are going to vary a lot nonetheless I will give it my best shot .
When watching the replay of game 3 between Jaedong and Flash it seemed to me like Jaedong was ahead by a pretty large margin .
The build he used going 3 hatch before pool and actually getting double evo’s this time to out - upgrade Flash was really greedy and he managed to hold him off long enough to get to armor and speed upgraded ultras with nydus channels and defilers .
Upgrades
It seemed his ultras were at 5 - 2 most likely against 2 - 2 marines .
I recall seeing the upgrades midgame at 2 - 1 ( lings ) vs 1 - 1 ( marines ) maybe someone can confirm this .
The facts on who had which upgrades will start rolling in soon enough which will definitely improve such a theoretical discussion .
Flash was going for a pure m&m vessel build with no tanks for support .
These marines by themselves die pretty badly against ultra / swarm so he would need a whole lot of vessels to be able to get away with it .
As we could see in the final shots the main army of Flash got destroyed by swarms right before the power blacked out and he would have to start building an army again from scratch .
It is safe to assume he did n’t have 10 tanks sitting in his base to turtle his way to protecting his new expansion and soon enough once Jaedong replaces his army ultra swarm would have been attacking the 9 o clock expansion .
Bases
Flash ’ main was already mined out and his mineral only was close to being mined out .
Soon enough he would be playing from a single base .
Currently sitting on 2 bases soon enough to be 1 .
Jaedong on the other hand had 4 bases with minerals available of which his main was possibly mining out soon .
Although I do n’t think his drone count in main was anything comparable to Flash ’ expansion scvs and it would probably run for a while .
That would mean there was a guaranteed 4 base vs 2 base and a potential 4/3 base vs 1 base period to come in the next few minutes of the game .
This combined with the annihilation of the Terran army and the well upgraded Zerg units I genuinely do not believe Flash had a shot at winning this game .
Sure you might argue “ but its Flash ” however that argument is a lot more valid when he does n’t play against Jaedong .
Between two players of a similar skill level I do not see a way for Terran to pull out a victory in a situation like this .
The Decision
Was it fair .. no it was not fair .
It was not fair at all .
Flash still thought he was in the game and he got a loss .
Everyone saying the decision was not fair is absolutely correct .
However KeSPA had to make a decision where there was no fair side at all .
Someone was getting screwed regardless .
Jaedong had the game won 99 % and to make him re-play it would be more unfair than to give Flash the loss .
By a large margin .
To go from 99 % to 50 % is way worse than going from 1 % to 0 % .
In my eyes KeSPA made the right decision .
It is very hard to give an opinion on this without the full facts being out yet and opinions are going to vary a lot nonetheless I will give it my best shot .
When watching the replay of game 3 between Jaedong and Flash it seemed to me like Jaedong was ahead by a pretty large margin .
The build he used going 3 hatch before pool and actually getting double evo’s this time to out - upgrade Flash was really greedy and he managed to hold him off long enough to get to armor and speed upgraded ultras with nydus channels and defilers .
It seemed his ultras were at 5 - 2 most likely against 2 - 2 marines .
I recall seeing the upgrades midgame at 2 - 1 ( lings ) vs 1 - 1 ( marines ) maybe someone can confirm this .
The facts on who had which upgrades will start rolling in soon enough which will definitely improve such a theoretical discussion .
Flash was going for a pure m&m vessel build with no tanks for support .
These marines by themselves die pretty badly against ultra / swarm so he would need a whole lot of vessels to be able to get away with it .
As we could see in the final shots the main army of Flash got destroyed by swarms right before the power blacked out and he would have to start building an army again from scratch .
It is safe to assume he did n’t have 10 tanks sitting in his base to turtle his way to protecting his new expansion and soon enough once Jaedong replaces his army ultra swarm would have been attacking the 9 o clock expansion .
Flash ’ main was already mined out and his mineral only was close to being mined out .
Soon enough he would be playing from a single base .
Currently sitting on 2 bases soon enough to be 1 .
Jaedong on the other hand had 4 bases with minerals available of which his main was possibly mining out soon .
Although I do n’t think his drone count in main was anything comparable to Flash ’ expansion scvs and it would probably run for a while .
That would mean there was a guaranteed 4 base vs 2 base and a potential 4/3 base vs 1 base period to come in the next few minutes of the game .
This combined with the annihilation of the Terran army and the well upgraded Zerg units I genuinely do not believe Flash had a shot at winning this game .
Sure you might argue “ but its Flash ” however that argument is a lot more valid when he does n’t play against Jaedong .
Between two players of a similar skill level I do not see a way for Terran to pull out a victory in a situation like this .
Was it fair .. no it was not fair .
It was not fair at all .
Flash still thought he was in the game and he got a loss .
Everyone saying the decision was not fair is absolutely correct .
However KeSPA had to make a decision where there was no fair side at all .
Someone was getting screwed regardless .
Jaedong had the game won 99 % and to make him re-play it would be more unfair than to give Flash the loss .
By a large margin .
To go from 99 % to 50 % is way worse than going from 1 % to 0 % .
In my eyes KeSPA made the right decision .
Chill 's alternate viewpoint :
Q : Assuming Jaedong was ahead , what are your thoughts on KeSPA 's decision ?
Chill :
Its ridiculous , the precedent in the Starcraft community has always been to regame unless theres no possible way for one player to lose , and I dont even feel like Jaedong had an advantage at that point .
NEW from Chill : I just rewatched the VOD and JD was ahead but I still do n't feel right about the decision .
I like giving the win only if it 's obvious one player can't lose .
Q : Assuming Jaedongahead , what are your thoughts on KeSPA 's decision ? :
Its ridiculous , the precedent in the Starcraft community has always been to regame unless theres no possible way for one player to lose , and I dont even feel like Jaedong had an advantage at that point .
I just rewatched the VOD and JD was ahead but I still do n't feel right about the decision .
I like giving the win only if it 's obvious one player can't lose .
Ret 's opinion
I 'd just like to say I think the descision Kespa made to award JD the win was the right one .
He was playing on a T favored map ... in a very very favorable position after having overcome all the imbalances that make this map so hard to play ZvT on .
If you put jaedong back at the start of the game it gives flash an advantadge again ... So regame is a lot worse than awarding Jaedong a win for a game he would win 99.9 % of the time .
He was about to get his 5th gas ... Flash was outta minerals in about 2 minutes .... with no vessels or tanks to fight Ultras .
m&m in small numbers would have never broken jaedongs base at 7 o clock .
So all in all the only right descision in my opinion .
Thanks to Ret , Nazgul , and Chill for giving such timely responses
We will keep this updated with any new informaion or insights from the Koreans on the KeSPA decision as they become available .
Look forward to a full MSL finals recap focusing on the games themselves from the MSL news team in the future .
I 'd just like to say I think the descision Kespa made to award JD the win was the right one .
He was playing on a T favored map ... in a very very favorable position after having overcome all the imbalances that make this map so hard to play ZvT on .
If you put jaedong back at the start of the game it gives flash an advantadge again ... So regame is a lot worse than awarding Jaedong a win for a game he would win 99.9 % of the time .
He was about to get his 5th gas ... Flash was outta minerals in about 2 minutes .... with no vessels or tanks to fight Ultras .
m&m in small numbers would have never broken jaedongs base at 7 o clock .
So all in all the only right descision in my opinion .
Writer man what
Last year Finland 's government announced that access to a broadband internet connection was a human right , and that everyone in the country must have a connection with a minimum speed of one megabit by this summer .
Now the country 's going even further - by 2015 every household must be within two kilometres of a fibre optic cable supplying superfast broadband running at 100 megabits per second .
Nick Higham went to Finland to discover how they plan to deliver that promise .
TEHRAN ( Reuters ) - Iran said on Tuesday it will soon execute nine more convicted rioters in connection with unrest that erupted after the June presidential vote , a senior judiciary official was reported as saying .
“ Nine others will be hanged soon .
The nine and the two who were hanged on Thursday , were surely arrested in the recent riots and had links to anti-revolutionary groups , ” said Ebrahim Raisi , the semi-official Fars news agency reported .
The two , who were hanged last week , were among a group of 11 people sentenced to death on charges including waging war against God and being members of armed groups .
At one time in history , even da Vinci himself had to pen a resume to explain why he was a qualified applicant .
Here 's a translation of his letter to the Duke of Milan , enumerating his many talents and abilities .
Stone posted the scan of the letter along with this translation :
Most Illustrious Lord ,
Having now sufficiently considered the specimens of all those who proclaim themselves skilled contrivers of instruments of war , and that the invention and operation of the said instruments are nothing different from those in common use : I shall endeavor , without prejudice to any one else , to explain myself to your Excellency , showing your Lordship my secret , and then offering them to your best pleasure and approbation to work with effect at opportune moments on all those things which , in part , shall be briefly noted below .
1 . I have a sort of extremely light and strong bridges , adapted to be most easily carried , and with them you may pursue , and at any time flee from the enemy ; and others , secure and indestructible by fire and battle , easy and convenient to lift and place .
Also methods of burning and destroying those of the enemy .
2 . I know how , when a place is besieged , to take the water out of the trenches , and make endless variety of bridges , and covered ways and ladders , and other machines pertaining to such expeditions .
3 . If , by reason of the height of the banks , or the strength of the place and its position , it is impossible , when besieging a place , to avail oneself of the plan of bombardment , I have methods for destroying every rock or other fortress , even if it were founded on a rock , etc .
4 . Again , I have kinds of mortars ; most convenient and easy to carry ; and with these I can fling small stones almost resembling a storm ; and with the smoke of these cause great terror to the enemy , to his great detriment and confusion .
5 . And if the fight should be at sea I have kinds of many machines most efficient for offense and defense ; and vessels which will resist the attack of the largest guns and powder and fumes .
6 . I have means by secret and tortuous mines and ways , made without noise , to reach a designated spot , even if it were needed to pass under a trench or a river .
7 . I will make covered chariots , safe and unattackable , which , entering among the enemy with their artillery , there is no body of men so great but they would break them .
And behind these , infantry could follow quite unhurt and without any hindrance .
8 . In case of need I will make big guns , mortars , and light ordnance of fine and useful forms , out of the common type .
9 . Where the operation of bombardment might fail , I would contrive catapults , mangonels , trabocchi , and other machines of marvellous efficacy and not in common use .
And in short , according to the variety of cases , I can contrive various and endless means of offense and defense .
10 .
In times of peace I believe I can give perfect satisfaction and to the equal of any other in architecture and the composition of buildings public and private ; and in guiding water from one place to another .
11 . I can carry out sculpture in marble , bronze , or clay , and also I can do in painting whatever may be done , as well as any other , be he who he may .
Again , the bronze horse may be taken in hand , which is to be to the immortal glory and eternal honor of the prince your father of happy memory , and of the illustrious house of Sforza .
And if any of the above - named things seem to anyone to be impossible or not feasible , I am most ready to make the experiment in your park , or in whatever place may please your Excellency - to whom I comment myself with the utmost humility , etc .
Stanley Fish on education , law and society .
In the always - ongoing debate about the role of religion in public life , the argument most often made on the liberal side ( by which I mean the side of Classical Liberalism , not the side of left politics ) is that policy decisions should be made on the basis of secular reasons , reasons that , because they do not reflect the commitments or agendas of any religion , morality or ideology , can be accepted as reasons by all citizens no matter what their individual beliefs and affiliations .
So it ’s O.K. to argue that a proposed piece of legislation will benefit the economy , or improve the nation ’s health , or strengthen national security ; but it ’s not O.K. to argue that a proposed piece of legislation should be passed because it comports with a verse from the book of Genesis or corresponds to the will of God .
A somewhat less stringent version of the argument permits religious reasons to be voiced in contexts of public decision - making so long as they have a secular counterpart : thus , citing the prohibition against stealing in the Ten Commandments is all right because there is a secular version of the prohibition rooted in the law of property rights rather than in a biblical command .
In a more severe version of the argument , on the other hand , you are not supposed even to have religious thoughts when reflecting on the wisdom or folly of a piece of policy .
Not only should you act secularly when you enter the public sphere ; you should also think secularly .
Whether the argument appears in its softer or harder versions , behind it is a form of intellectual / political apartheid known as the private / public distinction : matters that pertain to the spirit and to salvation are the province of religion and are to be settled by religious reasons ; matters that pertain to the good order and prosperity of civil society are the province of democratically elected representatives and are to be settled by secular reasons .
As John Locke put it in 1689 ( “ A Letter Concerning Toleration ” ) , the “ care of men ’s souls ” is the responsibility of the church while to the civil magistrate belongs the care of “ outward things such as money , land , houses , furniture and the like ” ; it is his responsibility to secure for everyone , of whatever denomination or belief , “ the just possession of these things belonging to this life . ”
A neat division , to be sure , which has the effect ( not , I think , intended by Locke ) of honoring religion by kicking it upstairs and out of sight .
If the business of everyday life — commerce , science , medicine , law , agriculture , education , foreign policy , etc. — can be assigned to secular institutions employing secular reasons to justify actions , what is left to religious institutions and religious reasons is a private area of contemplation and worship , an area that can be safely and properly ignored when there are “ real ” decisions to be made .
Let those who remain captives of ancient superstitions and fairy tales have their churches , chapels , synagogues , mosques , rituals and liturgical mumbo - jumbo ; just do n’t confuse the ( pseudo ) knowledge they traffic in with the knowledge needed to solve the world ’s problems .
This picture is routinely challenged by those who contend that secular reasons and secular discourse in general do n’t tell the whole story ; they leave out too much of what we know to be important to human life .
No they do n’t , is the reply ; everything said to be left out can be accounted for by the vocabularies of science , empiricism and naturalism ; secular reasons can do the whole job .
And so the debate goes , as polemicists on both sides hurl accusations in an exchange that has become as predictable as it is over - heated .
But the debate takes another turn if one argues , as the professor of law Steven Smith does in his new book , “ The Disenchantment of Secular Discourse , ” that there are no secular reasons , at least not reasons of the kind that could justify a decision to take one course of action rather than another .
It is not , Smith tells us , that secular reason ca n’t do the job ( of identifying ultimate meanings and values ) we need religion to do ; it ’s worse ; secular reason ca n’t do its own self - assigned job — of describing the world in ways that allow us to move forward in our projects — without importing , but not acknowledging , the very perspectives it pushes away in disdain .
While secular discourse , in the form of statistical analyses , controlled experiments and rational decision - trees , can yield banks of data that can then be subdivided and refined in more ways than we can count , it cannot tell us what that data means or what to do with it .
No matter how much information you pile up and how sophisticated are the analytical operations you perform , you will never get one millimeter closer to the moment when you can move from the piled - up information to some lesson or imperative it points to ; for it does n’t point anywhere ; it just sits there , inert and empty .
Once the world is no longer assumed to be informed by some presiding meaning or spirit ( associated either with a theology or an undoubted philosophical first principle ) and is instead thought of as being “ composed of atomic particles randomly colliding and . . . sometimes evolving into more and more complicated systems and entities including ourselves ” there is no way , says Smith , to look at it and answer normative questions , questions like “ what are we supposed to do ? ” and “ at the behest of who or what are we to do it ? ”
Smith is not in the business of denigrating science and rationalism or minimizing their great achievements .
Secular reason — reason cut off from any a priori stipulations of what is good and valuable — can take us a long way .
We ’ll do fine as long as we only want to find out how many X’s or Y’s there are or investigate their internal structure or discover what happens when they are combined , and so forth .
But the next step , the step of going from observation to evaluation and judgment , proves difficult , indeed impossible , says Smith , for the “ truncated discursive resources available within the downsized domain of ‘ public reason ’ are insufficient to yield any definite answer to a difficult issue — abortion , say , or same sex marriage , or the permissibility of torture . . . . ”
If public reason has “ deprived ” the natural world of “ its normative dimension ” by conceiving of it as free - standing and tethered to nothing higher than or prior to itself , how , Smith asks , “ could one squeeze moral values or judgments about justice . . . out of brute empirical facts ? ”
No way that is not a sleight of hand .
This is the cul de sac Enlightenment philosophy traps itself in when it renounces metaphysical foundations in favor of the “ pure ” investigation of “ observable facts . ”
It must somehow bootstrap or engineer itself back up to meaning and the possibility of justified judgment , but it has deliberately jettisoned the resources that would enable it do so .
Nevertheless , Smith observes , the self - impoverished discourse of secular reason does in fact produce judgments , formulate and defend agendas , and speak in a normative vocabulary .
How is this managed ?
By “ smuggling , ” Smith answers .
. . . the secular vocabulary within which public discourse is constrained today is insufficient to convey our full set of normative convictions and commitments .
We manage to debate normative matters anyway — but only by smuggling in notions that are formally inadmissible , and hence that cannot be openly acknowledged or adverted to .
The notions we must smuggle in , according to Smith , include “ notions about a purposive cosmos , or a teleological nature stocked with Aristotelian ‘ final causes ’ or a providential design , ” all banished from secular discourse because they stipulate truth and value in advance rather than waiting for them to be revealed by the outcomes of rational calculation .
But if secular discourse needs notions like these to have a direction — to even get started — “ we have little choice except to smuggle [ them ] into the conversations — to introduce them incognito under some sort of secular disguise . ”
And how do we do that ?
Well , one way is to invoke secular concepts like freedom and equality — concepts sufficiently general to escape the taint of partisan or religious affiliation — and claim that your argument follows from them .
But , Smith points out ( following Peter Westen and others ) , freedom and equality — and we might add justice , fairness and impartiality — are empty abstractions .
Nothing follows from them until we have answered questions like “ fairness in relation to what standard ? ” or “ equality with respect to what measures ? ” — for only then will they have content enough to guide deliberation .
That content , however , will always come from the suspect realm of contested substantive values .
Is fairness to be extended to everyone or only to those with certain credentials ( of citizenship , education , longevity , etc. ) ?
Is it equality of opportunity or equality of results ( the distinction on which affirmative action debates turn ) ?
Only when these matters have been settled can the abstractions do any work , and the abstractions , in and of themselves , cannot settle them .
Indeed , concepts like fairness and equality are normatively useless , except as rhetorical ornaments , until they are filled in by some partisan or ideological or theological perspective , precisely the perspectives secular reason has forsworn .
Therefore , Smith concludes , “ conversations in the secular cage could not proceed very far without smuggling . ”
Smith does not claim to be saying something wholly new .
He cites David Hume ’s declaration that by itself “ reason is incompetent to answer any fundamental question , ” and Alasdair MacIntyre ’s description in “ After Virtue ” of modern secular discourse as consisting “ of the now incoherent fragments of a kind of reasoning that made sense on older metaphysical assumptions . ”
And he might have added Augustine ’s observation in “ De Trinitate ” that the entailments of reason cannot unfold in the absence of a substantive proposition they did not and could not generate ; or Roberto Unger ’s insistence in “ Knowledge and Politics ” that “ as long as formal neutrality is strictly maintained , the standards it produces will be . . . empty shells . . . incapable of determining precisely what is commanded or prohibited in particular situations of choice . ”
( In “ The Trouble With Principle ” I myself argue that “ there are no neutral principles , only principles that are already informed by the substantive content to which they are rhetorically opposed . ” )
But no matter who delivers the lesson , its implication is clear .
Insofar as modern liberal discourse rests on a distinction between reasons that emerge in the course of disinterested observation — secular reasons — and reasons that flow from a prior metaphysical commitment , it has n’t got a leg to stand on .
An Indian man who told police he was set on fire by a group of men in Essendon , in Melbourne 's north - west , has faced an out - of - sessions court hearing charged with making a false report to police .
Jaspreet Singh told police he was approached by four men and set on fire as he moved his car in Slater Street on January 8 .
Police claim the 29 - year - old accidentally set himself on fire while trying to set his car on fire .
Singh was treated for burns to 15 per cent of his body .
He will return to court in March to face charges of making a false report to police and criminal damage with a view to gain financial advantage .
The fire occurred a week after 21 - year - old Indian man Nitin Garg was stabbed to death on his way to work in West Footscray .
The incidents have sparked outrage in India and among Indians in Melbourne , who say racist attacks are on the rise .
The Australian film and television industry has lost a case against a major internet service provider whose customers downloaded pirated movies and television programs .
The case against iiNet was filed in the Federal Court by a number of applicants including Village Roadshow , Universal Pictures , Warner Bros , Paramount Pictures , Sony Pictures Entertainment , 20th Century Fox , Disney and the Seven Network .
The legal action followed a five - month investigation by the Australian Federation Against Copyright Theft .
The companies claimed iiNet infringed copyright by failing to stop users engaging in illegal file sharing .
But today the Federal Court in Sydney ruled in the internet service provider 's favour .
Justice Dennis Cowdroy said it was " impossible " to find against iiNet for what its users did .
" It is impossible to conclude that iiNet has authorised copyright infringement ... ( it ) did not have relevant power to prevent infringements occurring , " he said .
The judge ordered the studios to pay the court costs .
Outside court , Australian Federation Against Copyright
Theft executive director Neil Gane said he was disappointed with the decision .
He said the case was lodged to try to protect the livelihoods of the thousands of Australians who work in the television and film industries .
Mr Gane said he was confident that the Federal Government would now review the laws surrounding copyright infringement .
He said it was too early to confirm if an appeal would be lodged .
" We will now take the time to review the decision before making comment , " he said .
Precedent ?
The case could potentially set a precedent establishing to what extent Australian internet companies are responsible for illegal downloads on their systems .
The movie houses said iiNet did not do anything to stop its customers from illegally sharing movies and TV programs .
But iiNet said privacy and freedom of speech laws would have been breached if the companies ' demands were met .
The court was told that the Australian Federation Against Copyright
Theft sent letters and emails to iiNet every week for more than a year .
The entertainment companies compiled their evidence by hiring two investigators to subscribe to iiNet and then begin trading files using different BitTorrent networks .
They kept track of what movies and TV shows they were sharing , when they downloaded them , and the ID numbers of the computers they were sharing these files with .
Every week the entertainment companies sent that data to iiNet and asked that iiNet then disconnect the users who had been sharing the files illegally , but they said iiNet failed to act .
The companies claimed iiNet was refusing to enforce its own user agreement , in which users are asked to agree not to download files or anything illegally .
But iiNet successfully argued that the requests to disconnect users were unreasonable .
The ISP 's barrister said that in one week alone iiNet received more than 3,000 pages of allegations of copyright violations by iiNet customers .
" If all the notices iiNet received from film studios over a five - month period were printed it would take 180 large folders and more than 12 trolleys to bring them into the court , " Richard Cobden said .
" No - one can seriously be expected to respond to all these . "
iiNet argued that there are many steps the studios could take instead of asking the ISP to work as their enforcement team .
The ISP said that if it was possible for the film companies to track iiNet users illegally sharing files , then the film companies should go after the customers directly .
Mr Cobden also suggested that the companies should ask the file - sharing program BitTorrent to do more to crack down on piracy .
He also rebutted assertions that iiNet 's profits increased if customers downloaded many films and TV shows illegally .
Dear I know you already did that ficlet , but some of your ideas are far too cute to not steal .
I told you you could n't stop me .
Your pal , - anniezard ( Forgive the massive panel - to - panel inconsistencies , if you would .
Fiddling with a bit of a style shift . )
Mass Effect ( c ) Bioware , of course .
UPDATE : BONUS CONTENT
For those who want to start saving the planet at home , lighting presents a vexing paradox .
While incandescent bulbs are wildly inefficient , compact fluorescent bulbs contain hazardous chemicals .
With funding from the Department of Energy , RTI International claims to have solved the problem with the invention of nanofiber bulbs more efficient than regular lights , and more environmentally sound than fluorescent bulbs .
All the old folks of the Northen ' 8 Houses and 1 Tower '
Village overlooking the great - green sea of pines and claiming for their own a considerable chunk of bright blue sky , all swear that if it was n't for the revered old Bear spirit guardian that overlooks and safeguards since times unknown , their small but dearly loved village would be at least half in size .
And all unanimously agree that ' 4 Houses and 1/2 a Tower ' sounds pretty bad for any Village name .
But it is not as they think .... actually , not at all .
Nobody dares to ask the mountain Bear after all , those old folks are a timid and scared bunch , always has been .
But this girl .... hmm.. this girl is of another kind .
She 's been getting raised eyebrows and hushed voices all her life .
Bold , daring , untamed the folks always would say and scorn their faces under their bushy moustaches , both men and women .
Taking the long road up the mountain was not a challenge for her , an adventure maybe .
She walked tirelessly and when the sun was reigning high , she made it on the mountain slope .
Her presence did not go unnoticed , after all she defiantly wore her bright red dress , the one that never gets ignored .
And then the unthinkable happened , unthinkable according to the villagers that is .
The revered old Bear spirit guardian , the one that is not to be disturbed , enraged or ever even seen by eyes not of his kind , yes that Bear overlooking and safeguarding since times untold , moved out of the shadows where it likes to rest and sniffed the girl , greeting her to his place .
She took a breath and swallowed deep down thoughts of running back when she was shadowed by the humongously big Bear but then she slowly but firmly lift her tiny hands to gently touch the Bear 's snout .
Silence .
Sun rests above them .
Eyes looking intensely at each other 's soul .
There was an ancient bond tying those two , to be " re -" discovered , and it took them a bit but now nothing could stop these unending and mind exploding reactions multiplying within them .
At first a sparkle , now an explosion , a moment after a star explodes within their hearts and they instantly know .
They know they go back together a long time and share more than a daring spirit .
They know they finally meet , again .
" They say you keep us and the mountain safe " she dares shyly to speak .
" No , not them .
Not the mountain .
Just you . "
He answers back .
Bear hugs ,
Hidden Eloise
xxx
BEIJING  He is 25 , Muslim and comes from a part of China recently known for deadly ethnic rioting .
This weekend , he is competing for the title of Worldwide Mr. Gay .
As with all such endeavors in China , the journey has been long and winding .
The Chinese delegate at Worldwide Mr. Gay was supposed to have been the winner of Mr. Gay China , a pageant originally set for Jan. 15 in central Beijing .
But at the last minute , the Chinese authorities shut down the show , saying the organizers did not have the right permits .
Nevertheless , 11 people  the three organizers and eight pageant participants  quietly got together in late January and voted to send one of the contestants to Norway .
That turned out to be a man from the western region of Xinjiang known publicly only by his nickname , Xiao Dai , or his English name , Andrew .
His official pageant name is Xiaodai Muyi , and he landed in Oslo on Tuesday , a day after getting a Norwegian visa .
“ After the cancellation , we thought our attempt to educate the Chinese public had failed for now , ” Ben Zhang , an organizer of Mr. Gay China , said Friday in a telephone interview .
“ By sending someone to Oslo , I guess we ’re sending out a message to the world that still China is able to send a representative . ”
HUNTSVILLE , Alabama —
A woman biology professor accused of murdering three University of Alabama colleagues after she had been denied a promotion was in US police custody Sunday , as a new report emerged about a fatal shooting in her past .
“ Authorities have said the suspect in a fatal shooting spree at the University of Alabama at Huntsville Friday was also suspected in an attempted mail bombing in Massachusetts , ” WAFF reports .
ADVERTISEMENT
In 1993 , Bishop was a suspect in an attempted mail bombing of a doctor at Boston ’s Children ’s Hospital , who was also a professor at Harvard Medical School .
Reporters in Boston talked to a law enforcement official who said Dr. Paul Rosenburg called police after opening a long , thin package at his home that contained two six - inch pipe bombs connected to two 9 - volt batteries . ….
No one was ever charged in the attempted mail bombing .
But is this information of interest to investigators here in north Alabama ?
Sgt. Mark Roberts with the Huntsville Police Department told WAFF 48 News that he learned of the 1993 attempted mail bombing when he got a call late Saturday night from a Massachusetts reporter .
Roberts said investigators will follow up on this latest revelation , but that “ neither of those cases has any bearing on our case . ”
Amy Bishop , 45 , a mother of four , was charged with capital murder and could face other charges including aggravated assault , district attorney Rob Broussard told a press conference in the US southern city of Huntsville .
Police said she used a nine - millimeter gun , armed with 16 bullets , at a university staff meeting on Friday .
The gun was later found in the women ’s restroom .
A stunned Bishop , dressed in jeans and a pink sweater , was seen being driven away from the University of Alabama campus by police after the incident , shaking her head in disbelief .
“ It did n’t happen .
There ’s no way .
They ’re still alive , ” she murmured to local television station WHNT - TV as she climbed into the vehicle .
ADVERTISEMENT
The shooting allegedly happened after Bishop , who had worked at the university since 2003 , discovered several months ago she had been denied tenure , which would have secured her job in the biology faculty .
Meanwhile , The New York Times reported Sunday that Bishop fatally shot her brother in 1986 in suburban Boston .
According to police in Braintree , Massachusetts , 24 years ago , Bishop fatally wounded her brother , Seth Bishop , in an argument at their home , which police at the time called an accident , the paper reported .
ADVERTISEMENT
However , Braintree police chief Paul Frazier said authorities were considering reopening the case because it may have been mishandled when Bishop was let go without being charged , the report said .
In Huntsville witnesses to the university shooting told local media screaming had broken out as the biology faculty met Friday in the math and science building , the Shelby Center .
ADVERTISEMENT
The three slain faculty members were identified as Gopi Polia , the chair of the biology department ; Maria Ragland Davis , a professor of biotechnology ; and Adriel Johnson , a professor of physiology .
Two of the three people also injured in the incident were said to still be in critical condition on Saturday , while the third was in stable condition .
University president David Williams told AFP Saturday of his shock , saying his first reaction had been : “ This ca n’t be happening .
It ’s incomprehensible . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The university , which has about 300 staff , has a “ no - gun ” policy on campus , he said .
“ We do not have metal detectors on our campus .
This is a very safe community and it was a safe campus . ”
An e-mail alert sent to students Friday read : “ There has been a shooting on campus .
The shooter has been apprehended .
Everyone is encouraged to go home , classes are cancelled tonight ….
Counselors are available . ”
Williams confirmed about a dozen people had attended the biology faculty meeting , and said Bishop , whom he did not know well , had been informed several months ago that she would not be getting tenure .
The Huntsville Times said Bishop , a Harvard - educated geneticist and her husband , Jim Anderson , are credited with inventing a mobile cell incubation system , which could replace the old - fashioned petri dish .
ADVERTISEMENT
The incident was just the latest in a series of school shootings to rock the United States — most of which have been carried out by students — amid the nation ’s ever - prevalent debate about gun control .
The shooting comes more than two years after the southern state of Virginia was stunned by the April 2007 massacre of 32 people at Virginia Tech University by a student gunman , Seung - Hui Cho , who then turned his gun on himself .
In 1999 , two teenagers went on the rampage at Columbine high school in Colorado , gunning down 13 people before also killing themselves .
In the first six weeks of this year alone several shootings have already been reported around the country .
ADVERTISEMENT
Last month , eight people were killed in Virginia by a lone gunman .
And in early January a disgruntled employee at a Missouri plant of Swiss power company ABB went on a rampage shooting dead three people and wounding five others , before killing himself .
( with AFP report )
Britain and other Western countries risk running out of supplies of certain highly sought - after rare metals that are vital to a host of green technologies , amid growing evidence that China , which has a monopoly on global production , is set to choke off exports of valuable compounds .
Failure to secure alternative long - term sources of rare earth elements ( REEs ) would affect the manufacturing and development of low - carbon technology , which relies on the unique properties of the 17 metals to mass - produce eco-friendly innovations such as wind turbines and low - energy lightbulbs .
China , whose mines account for 97 per cent of global supplies , is trying to ensure that all raw REE materials are processed within its borders .
During the past seven years it has reduced by 40 per cent the amount of rare earths available for export .
Industry sources have told The Independent that China could halt shipments of at least two metals as early as next year , and that by 2012 it is likely to be producing only enough REE ore to satisfy its own booming domestic demand , creating a potential crisis as Western countries rush to find alternative supplies , and companies open new mines in locations from South Africa to Greenland to satisfy international demand .
Amid claims that Beijing is using its rare earths monopoly as a tool of foreign policy , the British Department of Business , Industry and Skills said it was " monitoring " the supply of REEs to ensure China was observing international trade rules .
Jack Lifton , an independent consultant and a world expert on REEs , said : " A real crunch is coming .
In America , Britain and elsewhere we have not yet woken up to the fact that there is an urgent need to secure the supply of rare earths from sources outside China .
China has gone from exporting 75 per cent of the raw ore it produces to shipping just 25 per cent , and it does not consider itself to be under any obligation to ensure supplies of rare earths to anyone but itself .
There has been an effort in the West to set up new mines but these are five to 10 years away from significant production . "
After decades in which they were considered little more than geological oddities , rare earths have recently become a boom industry after the invention of a succession of devices , including iPhones and X - ray machines , which rely on their specific properties .
Global demand has tripled from 40,000 tonnes to 120,000 tonnes over the past 10 years , during which time China has steadily cut annual exports from 48,500 tonnes to 31,310 tonnes .
Worldwide , the industries reliant on REEs , which produce anything from fibre - optic cables to missile guidance systems , are estimated to be worth £ 3 trillion , or 5 per cent of global GDP .
Beijing announced last month that it was setting exports at 35,000 tonnes for each of the next six years , barely enough to satisfy demand in Japan .
From this year , Toyota alone will produce annually one million of its hybrid Prius cars , each of which contains 16kg of rare earths .
By 2014 , global demand for rare earths is predicted to reach 200,000 tonnes a year as the green revolution takes hold .
Nearly all of China 's supply of rare earths comes from a single mine near the city of Baotou , in Inner Mongolia .
The remainder comes from small and sometimes illegal mines in the south of the country , leading to devastating pollution from the poisonous and sometimes radioactive ores .
Environmentalists argue that this , coupled with widespread criticism of China 's stance during the Copenhagen climate summit , adds to the need for a " plurality " of rare earth resources .
One campaigner said : " There are legitimate questions over Beijing 's control of these resources .
Copenhagen showed they are not above putting national interest ahead of global efforts to curtail global warming . "
Once extracted and refined , the rare earth metals can be put to a dizzying range of hi-tech uses .
Neodymium , one of the most common rare earths , is a key part of neodymium - iron - boron magnets used in hyper - efficient motors and generators .
Around two tonnes of neodymium are needed for each wind turbine .
Lanthanum , another REE , is a major ingredient for hybrid car batteries ( each Prius uses up to 15 kg ) , while terbium is vital for low - energy light bulbs and cerium is used in catalytic converters .
In October , an internal report by China 's Ministry of Industry and Information Technology disclosed proposals to ban the export of five rare earths and restrict supplies of the remaining metals .
Beijing strenuously denied that the document was an accurate reflection of its strategy , saying it had no desire to reduce trade in rare earths .
But The Independent understands that the level of demand in China means that supplies of at least two crucial REEs – terbium and dysprosium – are likely to be curtailed by as early as next year .
Dr Ian Higgins , general manager of Birkenhead - based Less Common Metals , which specialises in rare earth products , said : " There is a threat that in the next 12 to 18 months , there might be some quite severe shortages of these rare earths .
That is certainly going to impact those hi-tech green industries outside China . "
Both Western countries and China are already dashing to secure new sources of rare earths .
Last year , Australian regulators imposed restrictions on the purchase of one of the country 's richest rare earth mines , causing a Chinese company to walk away from a £ 400 m deal to buy its operator .
European and North American companies are meanwhile racing to open or re-open mines in Canada , South Africa and Greenland amid calls in the US for government - backed loans to secure supplies of some REEs which are used in the guidance systems of missiles and laser - guided munitions .
Toyota has effectively bought its own rare earth mine in Vietnam by signing an exclusive supply deal .
It ’s only testing , no racing or anything , but there is an amazing level of interest in what is happening in Valencia this week .
Yesterday was the very first time we got to see the 2010 F1 cars and the return of Michael Schumacher , but even today there were crowds of people at the track and huge numbers following the near real time updates of the action by journalists and participants .
The interest in yesterday ’s action was so great that Autosport.com reported a record number ( over 1.5 million ) page impressions .
Right , let ’s cut to the chase , these were the fastest times today :
1. Massa ( BRA ) – Ferrari – 124 laps – 1 min 11.722 secs
2. Kobayashi ( JAP ) – Sauber – 96 laps – 1 min 12.056 secs
3. Hamilton ( GBR ) – McLaren – 108 laps – 1 min 12.256 secs
4. Kubica ( POL ) – Renault – 119 laps – 1 min 12.426 secs
5. Rosberg ( GER ) – Mercedes GP – 119 laps – 1 min 12.899 secs
6. Barrichello ( BRA ) – Williams – 102 laps – 1 min 13.377 secs
7. Buemi ( SUI ) - Toro Rosso - 107 laps – 1:13.823 secs
So does the above tell us anything about who is quickest ?
Unfortunately not a lot .
When teams were running heavy fuel loads they were producing times some 5 to 6 seconds slower than on light fuel loads .
Massa was quickest with a 1 min 11.7 , but was doing 1 min 16secs laps with a lot of fuel on board .
Teams seemed to mainly concentrate on heavier fuel loads and there were some long runs , with Barrichello ’s Williams doing a 30 lap stint at one point .
Here ’s what we learnt from Day 2 of testing :
All the cars seemed quite reliable and completed on average over 100 laps each .
Only Renault suffered a technical problem with an engine failure , 5 mins from the end of the session .
Massa / Ferrari appear to be quick and topped the table for most of the day .
They also completed a massive 124 laps without any problems .
Ferrari are looking good .
Kobayashi confirmed the pace he showed in his 2 grand prix last year and confirmed that the Sauber is quick ( 2nd fastest time today ) – “ It was definitely a good day . …
We had no problems with the car and covered a lot of mileage .
The car felt good .
I enjoyed driving a lot and also working with the team . ”
McLaren had another quiet day , but Lewis Hamilton was closer to the Ferrari time .
He completed 108 laps and seemed happy with the car , “ ” It was a night and day difference and feeling compared to the first lap and the first test day in 2009 . ”
Renault seemed to be improved from yesterday and Kubica was able to put in some more competitive times
Toro Rosso still seem like they are struggling and their best time was 2 seconds slower than Massa ’s Ferrari
Rosberg managed to put in a time quicker than Schumacher , but not by a lot .
The Mercedes and Williams teams both seemed to focus on longer runs and heavier fuel loads .
Tomorrow will be even more exciting than today .
Spanish double World Champion Alonso will be driving the Ferrari for the very first time and it is expected there will be a large crowd of people to cheer him on .
Jenson Button gets to drive for his new team for the first time ( he arrived in Valencia this afternoon ) and Michael Schumacher is back in the Mercedes tomorrow ( he went for a bike ride today ) .
Brand new team Virgin is also due to debut tomorrow .
And it ’s only testing ?!
More photos posted on Twitter from a variety of sources :
Jake McMillan
One of the curious things about economic debate in the later Bush years was the conviction among many on the right that there was n’t a bubble in housing , but that there was one in oil .
We now know the truth about housing .
But what about oil ?
Oil prices did spike to triple - digit levels in early 2008 , then drop sharply .
But think about the fact that right now , with the world economy still seriously depressed , oil is at $ 80 a barrel .
This suggests to me that high oil prices are largely caused by fundamentals .
And it also suggests that resource constraints will be an issue if and when we do get a full recovery .
Sexy - Sensual : A model walks down the runway during the Victoria 's Secret Fashion show , Wednesday , November 9 , 2005 , in New York .
Watching a curvaceous woman can feel like a reward in the brain of men , much as drinking alcohol or taking drugs might , research now reveals .
These new findings might help explain the preoccupation men can have toward pornography , scientists added .
Shapely hips in women are linked with fertility and overall health .
As such , it makes sense evolutionarily speaking that studies across cultures have shown men typically find hourglass figures sexy .
To explore the roots of this behavior , researchers had 14 men , average age 25 , rate how attractive they found pictures of the naked derrieres of seven women before and after cosmetic surgery that gave them more shapely hips .
These operations did not reduce weight but just redistributed it , by implanting fat harvested from the waists into the buttocks .
Brain scans of the men revealed that seeing post - surgery women activated parts of the brain linked with rewards , including regions associated with responses to drugs and alcohol .
It might not be especially surprising that evolution wired the male brain to find attractive bodies rewarding .
" Hugh Hefner could have told us that by showing us how many zeroes are in his bank account , " said researcher Steven Platek , an evolutionary cognitive neuroscientist at Georgia Gwinnett College in Lawrenceville , Georgia .
" But there 's more to it than buying Playboy , Maxim , or FHM . "
For instance , " these findings could help further our understanding pornography addiction and related disorders , such as erectile dysfunction in the absence of pornography , " he explained .
" These findings could also lend to the scientific inquiry about sexual infidelity . "
The scientists also found that changes in a woman 's body - mass index or BMI — a common measure of body fat — only really affected brain areas linked to simple visual evaluations of size and shape .
This may be evidence that body fat influences judgments of female beauty due more to societal norms than brain wiring .
" The media portrays women as wholly too skinny , " Platek said .
" It 's not just about body fat , or body mass index . "
What do women think ?
Future research could also investigate the effects that attractive figures have on the female brain .
" It turns out women find similar optimally attractive female bodies as attention - grabbing , albeit for different reasons , " Platek said .
" Women size up other women in an effort to determine their own relative attractiveness and to maintain mate guarding — or , in other words , keep their mate away from optimally designed females . "
These findings should not be construed as saying that men are solely programmed by their biology , nor that " women without optimal design should just hang up their mating towel , " Platek added .
Platek and his colleague Devendra Singh detailed their findings online Feb. 5 in the journal PLoS ONE .
My ( Neil ’s ) parents have a great house out in the country and they grow a plethora of things .
Sometimes I think they grow things just to grow things , and in this particular case I was right .
They had a few habanero plants growing and had no idea what use these little hot peppers would be .
Well I am a fan of all things spicy , so I mentioned that I would take some .
Well about a week later I get , literally in a box in the mail , with about 3 dozen peppers or so ( that is so something my mom would do ) .
If you do not know how hot these little guys are , take a look at this wikipedia entry that explains the Scoville units .
Compared to a jalapeno that contains between 70,000 - 100,000 scolville units , the habanero contains between 100,000 and 350,000 scolville units .
These are much hotter than jalapenos .
So where to begin ?
Well using guidance from a great recipe blog , we found out that it was quite easy to make jam out of most anything .
INGREDIENTS
2 pounds fresh habanero peppers
5 cups granulated sugar ( measured into a separate bowl before starting )
1 box powdered pectin
1 cup cider vinegar
First you need to get set up with gloves as you do not want the oils of this hot pepper on your hands or anywhere you touch for days !
We washed and strained our peppers and put them in a metal container .
You should make it a point to not use any porous utensils as they will hold the oil and might make them hard to use in the future for some time .
Next , with gloves on , you need to slice the peppers into halves and pull out the seeds and membranes and put them into a plastic bag or something that you can toss in the trash .
Keep in mind that in the seeds and membranes is where the HEAT is , so if you want a hotter jam , leave some in and it will certainly do the job .
Otherwise remove all of them .
After you ’ve sliced them all , cut them again into quarters and put them into whatever you have to chop them .
A food processor is best , however we do not have one yet , so we used a coffee grinder !
Our blender was too big to contain and process them small enough and the coffee grinder was the next best thing .
Wonder how spicy my coffee is going to be next time ?
ha ha ha !
Okay , before you move onto cooking these bad boys , you have to get your canning jars ready and sterilized .
If you are new to this process here is a great guide .
Since this takes a good amount more time than the cooking of the peppers , I would start this process well before cooking the peppers .
Put all of the ingredients ( minus the sugar , that goes in later ) into a pot and bring it to a boil .
After you bring mixture to boil , add the sugar and begin to stir ferverently and constantly for only ONE MINUTE .
The sugar is going to make things pretty sticky , so work quickly and reduce the heat a bit so you do n’t burn .
After the minute mark remove from heat and get your jars ready to ladle the mixture into them .
After you have them in your canning jars , put on the lids and just barely tighten them and send them back into the boiling water you used to sterilize them for another 10 minutes .
After that you can remove them and put them back on a cooling rack and you are done !
Our habanero jam is the culmination of a year - long education and experiment with gardening and growing our own food .
It ’s an incredibly liberating feeling to not only know where our food is coming from but also that we ’ve gained an awareness to never run out of ways to cook things .
We used to perceive canning as an arduous and outdated practice but it ’s not only incredibly easy , it ’s very frugal and resourceful .
Long gone too are our prejudices that you have to live in the country and have a huge garden .
We have a pantry full of canned vegetables and salsa from our tiny backyard plot .
|| SportsShooter.com : News Item : Posted 2008-05-28
Free is Killing Me !
Matt Brown says too many people are giving away photographs for free or dirt - cheap .
By Matt Brown
Photo by Matt A. Brown
Stop working for free !
Next time you 're in the local hardware store , ask the salesman to give you free tools and tell him in return you will tell all your friends you got your tools from his hardware store .
Or try it at the grocery store .
I can see it now , standing at the check at line :
" That we be $ 102.85 , sir . "
" You do n't know me but I will tell everyone I know to shop at Ralph 's if I can just get my groceries for free " .
" Sure Mr. Brown nobody knows about us yet , here 's your food and have a nice day ! "
Sweet !
Can you send me a photo ?
Can I get a photo for free ?
We will give you credit for the photo !
How many times have you heard that ?
Free !
Free !
Free !
I 've had CBS.com , Wilson Sporting Goods Global Marketing , Fox Sports , ESPN.com , ABC , CBS , Fox , Rivals.com , Baseball America , college websites and yes , newspapers , magazines , all ask for FREE photos .
Some are even willing to give me photo credit .
Wow !
Give me photo credit for a photo I created !
So these companies can take it and make money from a product I provided free .
Yes , money .
The bottom line here is money .
Give me your photos for free and I can post them on their company website or run it in a publication ... what a concept !
I received an email the other day from a CBS College Sports Network production assistant .
Here is the exchange :
" Matt ,
I hope all is well .
Can you email me six Cal State Fullerton Baseball action photos from this season ?
Thanks ,
Mr. X "
I replied that day :
" Mr. X ,
There will be a charge for use of the photos .
Matt "
The response :
" Matt ,
My boss said no due to the fee ... sorry .
Thanks ,
Mr. X "
At the same time I was emailing Mr. X , he was emailing Mr. Greenlee , the Sports Information Director at Cal State Fullerton asking if he can get me to waive the fee because CBS just does n't have the money to buy photos .
Did you know what David Letterman makes a year ?
Dave signed a contract in 2006 that makes him a reported $ 38 million a year !
Why ca n't CBS buy my photos ( $ 50 each ) for their website ?
I emailed Mr. X and asked if CBS ever pays for photos .
What he wrote back was shocking :
Photo by Matt Brown
Southern California freelance photographer Matt Brown shot this during a portrait lighting class with Cal State Fullerton basketball player Frank Robinson during Sports Shooter Academy V .
" Matt :
Cal State Fullerton was the 1st school that we came across that charges a fee to use photos .
Other schools just gladly give them to us for free and we credit the photographer or sports information from the school … whichever they prefer .
I have yet to see CBS College Sports pay for photos to use .
Mr. X "
Well that answers why can't CBS buy my photos ( $ 50 each ) for their TV show : Because you or your boss is handing out photos for free !
Maybe you do n't know this is happening or you just like seeing your byline on a website .
But it 's just bad business .
I never had anyone call me up after seeing my photos on ESPN.com and say we NEED you to shoot our annual report or our next catalog .
Maybe schools have something worked out with their photographers about handing out photos to websites .
Maybe the photographer gets paid extra for the ability to hand the photos out .
Just make sure you know what is happening to your work .
I have a feeling a lot of photographers do n't know what happens to their photos .
I had another jaw dropping moment when a former athlete from one of my schools who now works in the SID office at a PAC - 10 school , told me when athletes ask her for photos , she would just burn them a CD full of photos .
MY TWO SCHOOLS
Two of my bigger clients are Division I schools , Long Beach State and Cal State Fullerton .
I have established the rules for working for them and the do's and do n't of using my work are set in writing .
1 ) I own all my photos , not the school .
2 ) Photos can go out to local newspapers and the newspaper of the hometown of the student athlete .
3 ) No photos go to magazines , websites , players , family or fans and all referrals go through me .
One school follows the rules with no trouble .
The other school is hard headed .
I have found photos on the websites and magazine and I get the line : " We should have the ability to publicize our programs . "
I understand their point of view .
But here 's my point of view :
If the schools just hand my photos over to another source they are going to make money from my work and I am getting nothing in return .
Is n't it reasonable to expect to be paid fairly for photos ?
HURTING A FRIEND
As you know , we work in a small community , which is getting smaller everyday .
A good friend of mine , Larry Goren does freelance work for Baseball America .
He covers Major League Baseball , the minor leagues and college baseball for them on a regular basis .
Larry covers
4 - 5 Long Beach State and Cal State Fullerton baseball games a year .
Baseball America would call Cal State Fullerton or Long Beach State and ask for free baseball photos for its website or magazine .
By getting photos from the schools for free they would n't have to pay Larry for his photos .
Photo by Susanica Tam / Sports Shooter
Faculty member and freelance photographer Matt Brown gives advice to participant Sawitree Crowe while covering an NCAA men's baseball game at Cal State Fullerton during Sports Shooter Academy V held in Orange County , CA .
I put a stop to it after locking horns with Baseball America a couple times .
Remember we are working in a small community and we must lookout for each other .
We can help or hurt each other 's bottom line .
LOSING OUT TO THE WORKING
Last week I had two schools , Purdue and Nevada , email me about shooting the NCAA Women 's Softball Regional at UCLA .
I gave them a cost for shooting per game .
I sent samples and waited to hear back from them .
You would think if someone goes out of their way to get in touch with you , it might be a done deal and they are serious about hiring a professional .
The next day I heard from them : Both schools are going with someone else .
I asked them who the photographer was and how much was he charging and I was told it was a professor from the UCLA Science Department .
I know some people at the campus and made some calls .
I found out his name and did some homework on being a professor at UCLA .
This Weekend Warrior makes over $ 90,000 a year , loves taking sports photos and regularly hands over free photos to schools .
He just picked up the phone and called the schools looking to shoot for them during the playoffs .
The cost he was asking : $ 100 .
Not per game , for the entire weekend !
That 's 3 or 4 games for $ 100 total !
I emailed Joseph Rudnick , Dean of Chemistry & Biochemistry at UCLA , asking if could work at school on Tuesday and Thursday for free because I just love science .
I told him I received an A+ in Biochemistry in college .
Think about it for a second .
We have people who just love taking photos for free or dirt - cheap as a hobby and think that they can do what you do for a living ( as a professional photographer ) .
I went to school for photography and I have busted my ass to get where I 'm at and for what ?
So some professor can do below average work for cheap ?
Why can't I teach biochemistry for little or no cost ?
I never heard back from the dean , too bad ... I was really looking forward to teaching biochemistry at UCLA .
( Matt Brown is a freelance photographer based in Southern California .
You can see his work at his SportsShooter.com member page : http://www.sportsshooter.com/mattb and at his personal website : http://www.mattbrownphoto.com.
He is also the co-director of the Sports Shooter Academy . )
Next time you 're in the local hardware store , ask the salesman to give you free tools and tell him in return you will tell all your friends you got your tools from his hardware store .
Or try it at the grocery store .
I can see it now , standing at the check at line : " That we be $ 102.85 , sir . " " You do n't know me but I will tell everyone I know to shop at Ralph 's if I can just get my groceries for free " .
" Sure Mr. Brown nobody knows about us yet , here 's your food and have a nice day !
" Sweet !
Can you send me a photo ?
Can I get a photo for free ?
We will give you credit for the photo !
How many times have you heard that ?
Free !
Free !
Free !
I 've had CBS.com , Wilson Sporting Goods Global Marketing , Fox Sports , ESPN.com , ABC , CBS , Fox , Rivals.com , , college websites and yes , newspapers , magazines , all ask for FREE photos .
Some are even willing to give me photo credit .
Wow !
Give me photo credit for a photo I created !
So these companies can take it and make money from a product I provided free .
Yes , money .
The bottom line here is money .
Give me your photos for free and I can post them on their company website or run it in a publication ... what a concept !
I received an email the other day from a CBS College Sports Network production assistant .
Here is the exchange : " Matt , I hope all is well .
Can you email me six Cal State Fullerton Baseball action photos from this season ?
Thanks , Mr. X " I replied that day : " Mr. X , There will be a charge for use of the photos .
Matt
" The response : " Matt , My boss said no due to the fee ... sorry .
Thanks ,
Mr. X" At the same time I was emailing Mr. X , he was emailing Mr. Greenlee , the Sports Information Director at Cal State Fullerton asking if he can get me to waive the fee because CBS just does n't have the money to buy photos .
Did you know what David Letterman makes a year ?
Dave signed a contract in 2006 that makes him a reported $ 38 million a year !
Why ca n't CBS buy my photos ( $ 50 each ) for their website ?
I emailed Mr. X and asked if CBS ever pays for photos .
What he wrote back was shocking : " Matt : Cal State Fullerton was the 1st school that we came across that charges a fee to use photos .
Other schools just gladly give them to us for free and we credit the photographer or sports information from the school … whichever they prefer .
I have yet to see CBS College Sports pay for photos to use .
Mr. X" Well that answers why can't CBS buy my photos ( $ 50 each ) for their TV show : Because you or your boss is handing out photos for free !
Maybe you do n't know this is happening or you just like seeing your byline on a website .
But it 's just bad business .
I never had anyone call me up after seeing my photos on ESPN.com and say we NEED you to shoot our annual report or our next catalog .
Maybe schools have something worked out with their photographers about handing out photos to websites .
Maybe the photographer gets paid extra for the ability to hand the photos out .
Just make sure you know what is happening to your work .
I have a feeling a lot of photographers do n't know what happens to their photos .
I had another jaw dropping moment when a former athlete from one of my schools who now works in the SID office at a PAC - 10 school , told me when athletes ask her for photos , she would just burn them a CD full of photos .
Two of my bigger clients are Division I schools , Long Beach State and Cal State Fullerton .
I have established the rules for working for them and the do's and do n't of using my work are set in writing .
1 ) I own all my photos , not the school .
2 ) Photos can go out to local newspapers and the newspaper of the hometown of the student athlete .
3 ) No photos go to magazines , websites , players , family or fans and all referrals go through me .
One school follows the rules with no trouble .
The other school is hard headed .
I have found photos on the websites and magazine and I get the line : " We should have the ability to publicize our programs . "
I understand their point of view .
But here 's my point of view :
If the schools just hand my photos over to another source they are going to make money from my work and I am getting nothing in return .
Is n't it reasonable to expect to be paid fairly for photos ?
As you know , we work in a small community , which is getting smaller everyday .
A good friend of mine , Larry Goren does freelance work for .
He covers Major League Baseball , the minor leagues and college baseball for them on a regular basis .
Larry covers
4 - 5 Long Beach State and Cal State Fullerton baseball games a year . would call Cal State Fullerton or Long Beach State and ask for free baseball photos for its website or magazine .
By getting photos from the schools for free they would n't have to pay Larry for his photos .
I put a stop to it after locking horns witha couple times .
Remember we are working in a small community and we must lookout for each other .
We can help or hurt each other 's bottom line .
Last week I had two schools , Purdue and Nevada , email me about shooting the NCAA Women 's Softball Regional at UCLA .
I gave them a cost for shooting per game .
I sent samples and waited to hear back from them .
You would think if someone goes out of their way to get in touch with you , it might be a done deal and they are serious about hiring a professional .
The next day I heard from them : Both schools are going with someone else .
I asked them who the photographer was and how much was he charging and I was told it was a professor from the UCLA Science Department .
I know some people at the campus and made some calls .
I found out his name and did some homework on being a professor at UCLA .
This Weekend Warrior makes over $ 90,000 a year , loves taking sports photos and regularly hands over free photos to schools .
He just picked up the phone and called the schools looking to shoot for them during the playoffs .
The cost he was asking : $ 100 .
Not per game , for the entire weekend !
That 's 3 or 4 games for $ 100 total !
I emailed Joseph Rudnick , Dean of Chemistry & Biochemistry at UCLA , asking if could work at school on Tuesday and Thursday for free because I just love science .
I told him I received an A+ in Biochemistry in college .
Think about it for a second .
We have people who just love taking photos for free or dirt - cheap as a hobby and think that they can do what you do for a living ( as a professional photographer ) .
I went to school for photography and I have busted my ass to get where I 'm at and for what ?
So some professor can do below average work for cheap ?
Why can't I teach biochemistry for little or no cost ?
I never heard back from the dean , too bad ... I was really looking forward to teaching biochemistry at UCLA .
Contents copyright 2020 , SportsShooter.com .
Do not republish without permission .
Contents copyright 2020 , SportsShooter.com .
Do not republish without permission .
Tax banks to discourage systemic - risk creation , not to fund bailouts
Enrico Perotti
Obama ’s plans for bank taxation took markets , policymakers , and academics by surprise , leaving all parties now debating its merits .
This column suggests an alternative .
By raising a Pigouvian tax based on banks ’ individual contribution to systemic - risk creation , the policy would target the externality caused by funding fragility while raising the cost of opportunistic risk creation in good times .
The burning issue of funding the bailout has finally led to the first policy action on financial taxation .
The good news is that it is not a Tobin tax on all financial transactions , which would be a very crude and distortionary solution .
Financial intermediaries have indeed grown too large , but discouraging all financial transactions suppresses activity and fails to target problematic practices .
The Obama proposal for bank taxation has simple flat rates on uninsured bank liabilities .
This is a better target than total liabilities since deposits were already insured , and the intervention bailed out wholesale funding .
But is such a flat tax designed to control risk creation ?
John Kay ( 2010 ) argues against it .
Meanwhile Viral Acharya and Mathew Richardson ( 2010 ) argue that the bailouts have generated more moral hazard and suggest a fee discouraging all activity that creates systemic risk – not just leverage – and moreover that banks should be paying more in the good times when risk taking is more attractive .
In recent research , Javier Suarez and I ( 2009a , b ) suggested a more subtle policy than President Obama ’s – a Pigouvian tax based on banks ’ individual contribution to systemic - risk creation , measured by their exposure to uninsured short - term funding .
As in the Obama tax , this approach exempts insured deposits and targets the risk of sudden withdrawals of wholesale funding , which was the engine of the last crisis .
Critically , our tax is sharper for shorter - term funding and decreases to zero for medium - term liabilities that do bear risk .
In other words , it targets the externality caused by funding fragility and offers strong incentive effects in good times .
Liquidity charges are complementary to countercyclical capital requirements .
Higher capital ratios will control asset risk and improve risk absorption , but they would not stop systemic propagation during a panic .
When losses lead to rapid withdrawals of massive amounts of uninsured funding , they spread to other markets by forcing fire sales , which in turn trigger more frantic deleveraging .
Liquidity charges contain risk without relying exclusively on restrictions on admissible investments .
It would discourage banks from running large proprietary trading with cheap short - term funding – and in particular from playing a simple carry trade that adds little value to economic activity .
Importantly , it would charge intermediaries in good times , raising the cost of opportunistic risk creation when intermediaries grow quickly with unstable short - term funding for investing in risky assets .
Unlike capital requirements , liquidity charges raise revenues .
A fraction should go to general tax revenues , because bank instability hurts the whole economy , a part may flow into a bank stability fund .
Finally , liquidity charges ( in excess of a basic tax ) are a natural macro- prudential tool .
Because central banks and supervisors serve the two goals of monetary and financial stability , an instrument distinct from interest rate policy is needed for financial stability .
Raising the interest rate is too blunt , as it hurts the whole economy and is therefore used too sparingly .
Under our proposal , macro- prudential authorities would be able to adjust tax rates ( or surcharges ) to slow down rapid credit creation and risk accumulation in a timely fashion .
The best discipline for timely intervention is the attribution of a distinct tool and associated responsibility to a coordinating entity such as the European Systemic Risk Board .
The effect of liquidity charges would be to induce the financial system to rely less on unstable short - term funding and create an opportunity cost for simple carry trade strategy of funding high yield risky position with cheap but fleeting borrowing .
Proprietary trading that adds no value would be discouraged ( not just for banks ) without forcing a generalised prohibition .
There is really no reason why so much of the financial intermediation is funded with near - demandable debt that does not correspond to retail depositor needs .
In the crisis , short - term investors which were unwisely supporting risky strategies were able to escape in time .
We need to do less ex post insurance and more ex ante discouraging .
Yet it is important to do using well targeted taxes , not just draconian market segmentation and quantity regulation .
References
Acharya , Viral and Mathew Richardson ( 2010 ) , “ Making sense of Obama ’s bank reform plans ” , VoxEU.org , 24 January .
Kay , John ( 2010 ) , “ Why ‘ too big to fail ’ insurance is the worst of all worlds ” , Financial Times , 2 February .
Perotti , Enrico , and Javier Suarez ( 2009a ) , “ Liquidity Insurance for Systemic Crises ” , CEPR Policy Insight 31 , February .
Perotti , Enrico , and Javier Suarez ( 2009 b ) , “ Liquidity Risk Charges as a Macro- prudential Tool ” , CEPR Policy Insight 40 , November .
But back to his music .
Does his 34 - year - old son like it ?
He smiles a rare , gap - toothed smile .
‘ You ’d have to ask him .
I think so yeah , but I ca n’t speak for him .
I can speak for my wife because we are both musicians , so of course we influence each other in our musical choices , but as for him , I ca n’t really say .
Up to a certain age you can say our life together is beautiful but then the child becomes a separate person with his own identity .
I love them all and am proud of them all .
And I often do n’t feel deserving of the love I get back from them . ’
Indoctrination Alert as another climate change disciple takes on a senior role at a museum .
From the Sydney Morning Herald :
A LEADING Australian businesswoman with a keen interest in climate change and sustainability will be the new president of the Australian Museum Trust .
Samantha Mostyn , the second woman to hold the position , said she was incredibly proud to take the helm of the governing body of the natural history museum .
” The museum is one of the most cherished institutions in Sydney , if not the country , ” she said .
Ms Mostyn is the director of the Institute for Sustainable Solutions at the University of Sydney .
A lawyer , she has a long history in the business sector and was once a political adviser to the former prime minister Paul Keating .
She is also an adviser on the board of ClimateWorks , a partnership between Monash University and the Myer Foundation .
The Herald reported on a study by ClimateWorks yesterday that suggested the federal opposition climate policy would reduce carbon emissions by only half the amount it had claimed .
[ And ABC NewsWatch pointed out that ClimateWorks is just a cheap shill for Labor , see here – Ed ]
Ms Mostyn said while the museum did not have a background in climate science it did have an extensive natural history collection that illustrated Australia ’s unique biodiversity .
” It shows what we stand to lose if we do n’t think carefully about the impact of the change in climate , ” she said .
” I would like the museum to continue to play a role in helping [ the public ] understand some of the big science and nature debates that we are currently dealing with .’‘ ( source )
Caracas , February 5 , 2010 ( venezuelanalysis.com ) – Dwarfing recent opposition protests , more than 100,000 supporters of Venezuelan president Hugo Chavez marched in the Venezuelan capital , Caracas , yesterday in defence of the ‘ Bolivarian Revolution ’ and to celebrate 18 years since Chavez , then a lieutenant colonel , led a failed civilian - military uprising against the corrupt government of former president Carlos Andrés Pérez on February 4 , 1992 .
The second term of Carlos Andrés Pérez , from 1989 - 93 , ( he served previously as president from 1974 - 79 ) , had been marked by a series of social crises , including a popular revolt , known as the Caracazo uprising on February 27 , 1989 against IMF - imposed neo-liberal reforms , which saw up to 3,000 people shot dead by the military and security forces , as well as and two military rebellions ( February 4 , 1992 and November 27 , 1992 ) .
In May 1993 Andrés Pérez became the first Venezuelan president to be forced out of office by the Supreme Court for misappropriation of 250 million bolívars of public funds .
Chavez ’s attempted uprising became a catalyst for the political movement based on the principles of Simón Bolívar , the 19th Century independence fighter who liberated Venezuela and much of South America from Spanish colonialism that swept him to power six years later .
The date is now referred to by government supporters as the Day of National Dignity .
As the 1992 uprising began to collapse Chavez gave a short 90 second appearance on television which electrified the nation .
He accepted responsibility and called for his comrades to lay down their arms saying , “ For now , the objectives that we have set for ourselves have not been achieved . ”
The next morning graffiti saying “ por ahora ” ( “ for now ” ) , appeared all over the streets of Venezuela .
While Chavez was in prison over the next two years it became a rallying cry for a movement of the poor and working - class majority of Venezuelans , who were fed up with the neo-liberal policies of the corrupt political establishment in which two major parties , Democratic Action and COPEI , had ruled the country in a power sharing deal known as the Punto Fijo pact , for nearly 40 years .
Chavez was pardoned by then - President Rafael Caldera in 1994 and formed a new political party called the Movement for the Fifth Republic and in a political upset for Venezuelan elites he won the presidential elections of 1998 with an important majority vote of 56 % .
As part of the Day of National Dignity celebrations on Thursday , Chavez ’s supporters , including thousands of pro-revolution students who gathered at the Bolivarian University of Venezuela , converged from five different points around the capital to the Fuerte Tuina military base , where Chavez addressed the crowd and the Bolivarian Armed Forces .
Prior to the Bolivarian revolution “ Venezuela was enslaved by the Yankee Empire , the anti-patriotic bourgeoisie , the same bourgeoisie which today continues exuding hatred and venom towards us , ” Chavez said referring to the right - wing opposition .
Chavez also called on sectors that support the revolution whose declared aim is “ Socialism of the 21st Century ” , to maintain their levels of political activism in the lead up to the parliamentary elections in September , saying , “ We cannot abandon the streets , there is an imperial counterattack and the opposition feels emboldened . ”
Newly appointed Defence Minister Carlos Mata Figueroa , also spoke saying , “ Today we mark 18 years since consciousness was awakened in the men and women of the Armed Forces , and opened the way to take the first steps of this process which we are going through .
That ’s why today we celebrate the day of national dignity . ”
Mata Figueroa stressed that thanks to the Bolivarian Revolution , the country has developed significantly and said that the soldiers of the Bolivarian Armed Forces are loyal to their people and prepared to safeguard security and national defence .
“ The soldiers of our armed forces remain loyal together with our people , together with the revolutionary government , never again will we be servile instruments of the oligarchy or any imperial power , ” he said .
Celebrations also occurred in other parts of the country including a march of several thousand Chavez supporters in Ejido , Mérida state , under the banners of “ No to opposition fascism ” and “ Yes to peace ” .
The march occurred just over a week after violent opposition protests against the temporary suspension of private cable television station RCTV left two students dead in the Andean state , one a 16 - year old Chavez supporter and the other a 28 - year old opposition supporter .
Unidentified gunmen shot the youths , but much of the international media falsely reported that state security forces shot them .
The Chavez government strictly prohibits the use of live ammunition against protests .
Eight police officers also received bullet wounds from armed opposition groups during the incident .
Meanwhile , several hundred opposition students protested in Brion Plaza in eastern Caracas yesterday , throwing rocks and bottles at police .
One police officer was injured .
Earlier the pro-Chavez mayor of Libertador municipality had denied a request by the students for a permit to march to the national assembly in order to avoid clashes between the two protests .
“ The real students are the children of the people , not the children of the bourgeoisie encouraged by the empire to overthrow the revolutionary government with their little white hands , ” Chávez said in relation to the rightwing student groups .
The term “ white hands ” ( manos blancos ) refers to a symbol used by the opposition students in there protests .
U.S. - backed youth and student movements in the denominated “ Coloured Revolutions ” , such as in the former Yugoslavia , the Ukraine , among others , who have links with the opposition student organisations in Venezuela , have used the same symbol .
US - Venezuelan attorney Eva Golinger has documented extensive funding by U.S. government - linked organisations such as the National Endowment for Democracy ( NED ) to opposition student groups in Venezuela .
Chavez contrasted the U.S. - backed student opposition groups today with demonstrations staged by university students in Caracas in 1991 against economic measures adopted by the Andrés Pérez government , which included increases in fuel prices and transport and that provoked widespread protests resulting in five students shot dead by members of the security forces and 35 arrested .
“ Who can forget that year 1991 , when a true student rebellion took to the streets , not these four sons of the bourgeoisie who seek to expropriate for themselves the heroic status of students , ” he said .
February 6 , 2010 - Chelyabinsk ( Russia ) : Drunk driver of a BMW X5 runs a red light and plows into a group of pedestrians .
Two men were brought to the hospital , one is still in critical condition .
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - China ’s burgeoning gas demand has been a key driver for a swathe of projects to supply the clean - burning fuel -- but the speed at which it will shift away from coal and oil could still catch markets by surprise .
From Guangzhou ’s small eateries to porcelain mills on the city ’s outskirts , from its bus fleet to its shiny high - rise apartments in Beijing , gas is taking over from dirtier alternatives as the fuel of choice to cook , heat and transport .
Aluminum smelters in Inner Mongolia are shifting to gas from crude , and power generators in east China have dumped oil for gas .
After a tripling in consumption in the past decade , gas is set for a similar jump by 2020 to make up nearly 10 percent of total energy use , from the present 4 percent .
State energy giant CNPC earlier this year revised up its China gas demand forecast in 2020 by half to 300 billion cubic meters ( bcm ) , equivalent to three quarters of the amount of oil it now consumes .
“ It ’s the double accelerator that ’s behind our revision : China ’s urbanization and industrialization , as well as the national policy to strive for sustainable growth , ” said Jiang Xuefeng , a senior researcher of CNPC .
Gas offers the world ’s No.3 economy the most realistic way to achieve its emission targets -- a 40 - 45 percent cut in carbon dioxide per dollar of national income by 2020 from the 2005 level -- compared to the more costly and time - consuming investments in alternative energy like hydro and nuclear .
The boost in gas will cheer firms like PetroChina , CNPC ’s listed unit that controls over 60 percent of China ’s gas output , and CNOOC Ltd , which has its largest gas deposit to tap in the South China Sea operated by Canada ’s Husky .
It will force traders like Pan Liangwei to look further beyond his coal business , after having to quit fuel oil trading as his clients in Guangdong -- power plants , porcelain mills -- moved to cheaper coal after oil ’s rally in 2008 , resulting in dwindling demand for imported fuel oil .
“ Once there are pipelines to pipe gas over , and the price is reasonable , then all will shift to gas , ” said Pan from Guangdong , China ’s manufacturing hub , where local authorities have embarked on a $ 7 - billion project to link 21 cities with gas lines .
While oil dealers said power plants -- which used to take a third of China ’s imported fuel oil -- had all but vanished from the oil import scene , longer term , gas will mostly hit coal .
Coal , which last year supplied 69 percent of China ’s total energy use , will probably drop 10 percentage points in the following decade , while the share of oil will hold at 19 percent , sustaining China ’s support for global oil demand , analysts said .
SHORTAGE
While China is widely expected to revamp its gas prices -- long kept below market levels to support fertilizer makers -- it is the recurring shortage that has prompted industry players to raise their gas forecasts .
In December , central and southern China were rationing gas to taxis and factories as a cold spell led to a surge in heating demand in a country that also is severely short of gas storage .
“ There remains enormous pent - up demand for gas across China ... current demand is artificially limited by access to supply , as highlighted by the gas shortage this winter , ” Bernstein Research wrote in its January note .
Similar to CNPC , Bernstein upped its China gas demand forecast by 55 percent from its previous estimates , pegging 2015 demand at 200 bcm and 280 bcm in 2020 , doubling and tripling , respectively , the 2009 level .
“ Once resource is secured and infrastructure in place , the huge demand potential will be released , ” said CNPC ’s Jiang .
A number of major gas pipelines will be laid over the next three years , including Sichuan - Shanghai , Ordos - Beijing , the second West - East line , doubling the networks ’ current capacity .
PetroChina and rival Sinopec Corp are developing new , big fields such as Dina and Tazhong in northwest Xinjiang ; Sulige in Inner Mongolia ; Longgang and Puguang in southwest Sichuan , while fast - tracking explorations by adding each year 200 bcm of incremental recoverable reserve , said Jiang .
The start of long - term gas deliveries from Qatar , Indonesia and Malaysia will double imports of liquefied natural gas by 2011 .
These will surge even further in coming years , after firms like Qatargas , Shell , BP and Exxon Mobil sealed supply pacts with Chinese firms worth over $ 100 billion .
Piped gas from Turkmenistan and Myanmar will together amount to 20 percent of China ’s demand , or 40 bcm , by 2015 .
NEW FLATS
Much as China ’s blistering car sales spur gasoline demand , its frenzied property boom bolsters demand for gas .
China added nearly 2 million square meters of new apartment space every day in 2009 , 20 percent more than 2008 , official data showed , and most would have gas links .
“ The residential use has often been under- estimated , ” said Yan Kefeng of Cambridge Energy Research Associates ( CERA ) , adding that the potential is huge to replace the more pricey and dirty “ city gas ” -- gas made from coal or heavy oil that millions of houses are connected to .
Industries will be the next key driver , as China , the world ’s No.1 aluminum consumer and producer , designed its new smelters in the last few years to burn gas instead of crude in making carbon anodes -- half a tonne of which makes every tonne of aluminum .
“ Many of the new power plants in Guangdong are designed to take gas .
Problem is there is not enough gas , ” said the former fuel oil dealer Pan .
( Editing by Michael Urquhart )
For the past few weeks I ’ve been programming almost exclusively in Javascript .
And to be quite honest it ’s not as bad as you may think .
In fact , Javascript is quite a nice language , as long as you are aware of its quirks .
One quirk that bit me in the ass a few times already is its lack of block scopes .
To make the problem clear , let ’s look at a code fragment :
var elements = [ 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 ] ;
for ( var i = 0 ; i < elements.length ; i++ ) {
var el = elements [ i ] ;
console.log(el ) ;
}
What does this code fragment print ?
Of course , it prints each of the elements in the array , so first 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 etc .
Easy enough .
Now let ’s adapt that a little bit :
var elements = [ 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 ] ;
var fns = [ ] ;
for ( var i = 0 ; i < elements.length ; i++ ) {
var el = elements [ i ] ;
fns.push ( function ( ) {
console.log(el ) ;
} ) ;
}
fns [ 2 ] ( ) ;
This code fragment uses a powerful feature of Javascript : first order functions .
Functions are values that can be put in a variable , including arrays as this code demonstrates .
In this fragment , the for - loop builds up an array called fns with functions that print an element of the list .
Later on we can then pick one of the functions from that array and invoke it .
The last line demonstrates this , it executes the 3rd function in the array .
So what will that print ?
If you ’re a C / Java / C# programmer you ’ll probably be guessing that it would print 2 .
In every iteration a variable el is declared that contains the current element from the array .
The function that is generated on the fly contains a reference to el and will therefore be part of its closure .
Logically , this means that in the first function captures the value 0 for el , the second function value 1 etc .
Sadly , this is not the case .
Javascript only has function scopes , not block scopes ( for constructs like the for - loop ) .
In effect , what you ’re actually executing here is the following :
var elements = [ 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 ] ;
var fns = [ ] ;
var el ;
for ( var i = 0 ; i < elements.length ; i++ ) {
el = elements [ i ] ;
fns.push ( function ( ) {
console.log(el ) ;
} ) ;
}
fns [ 2 ] ( ) ;
Alright , fine .
Why is that a problem ?
You have to realize that the closure of the generated functions contain pointers to variables , not a snapshot of the values at the point of definition , meaning that if variables change , these changes are visible from within the function .
This is a very powerful feature , but also a potentially very confusing one .
Since there is only one variable el , to which a new value is assigned every iteration , and each function points to this same variable , every function in the array will produce the same value : 9 ( the last value assigned to el in the for - loop ) .
If you have problems getting your head around that , do n’t feel bad , it took me a while too .
So , how can we fix this ?
Well , we can artificially introduce scopes by creating new functions and immediately invoking them :
var elements = [ 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 ] ;
var fns = [ ] ;
for ( var i = 0 ; i < elements.length ; i++ ) {
( function ( ) {
var el = elements [ i ] ;
fns.push ( function ( ) {
console.log(el ) ;
} ) ;
} ( ) ) ;
}
fns [ 2 ] ( ) ;
So what ’s new here is the ( function ( ) { bit and the }( ) ) ; at the end .
What this simple trick does is define an anonymous function and immediately invoke it .
What ’s different than before is that a new scope is used for each iteration of the for loop , containing a fresh variable el .
The functions that are generated now each refer to a different el .
Thus , the fn [ 2 ] ( ) call will now produce 2 , as you would expect .
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News website
Data came from samples brought up by the drilling ship Joides Resolution A new historical record of carbon dioxide levels suggests current political targets on climate may be " playing with fire " , scientists say .
Researchers used ocean sediments to plot CO2 levels back 20 million years .
Levels similar to those now commonly regarded as adequate to tackle climate change were associated with sea levels 25 - 40 m ( 80 - 130 ft ) higher than today .
Scientists write in the journal Science that this extends knowledge of the link between CO2 and climate back in time .
The last 800,000 years have been mapped relatively well from ice cores drilled in Antarctica , where historical temperatures and atmospheric content have left a series of chemical clues in the layers of ice .
But looking back further has been more problematic ; and the new record contains much more precise estimates of historical records than have been available before for the 20 million year timeframe .
Sustained levels
The new research was able to look back to the Miocene period , which began a little over 20 million years ago .
At the start of the period , carbon dioxide concentrations in the atmosphere stood at about 400 parts per million ( ppm ) before beginning to decline about 14 million years ago - a trend that eventually led to formation of the Antarctic icecap and perennial sea ice cover in the Arctic .
If anyone still doubts the link between CO2 and climate , they should read this paper
Jonathan Overpeck
University of Arizona
The high concentrations were probably sustained by prolonged volcanic activity in what is now the Columbia River basin of North America , where rock formations called flood basalts relate a history of molten rock flowing routinely onto the planet 's surface .
In the intervening millennia , CO2 concentrations have been much lower ; in the last few million years they cycled between 180 ppm and 280 ppm in rhythm with the sequence of ice ages and warmer interglacial periods .
Now , humanity 's emissions of greenhouse gases are pushing towards the 400 ppm range , which will very likely be reached within a decade .
" What we have shown is that in the last period when CO2 levels were sustained at levels close to where they are today , there was no icecap on Antarctica and sea levels were 25 - 40 m higher , " said research leader Aradhna Tripati from the University of California at Los Angeles ( UCLA ) .
" At CO2 levels that are sustained at or near modern day values , you do n't need to have a major change in CO2 levels to get major changes in ice sheets , " she told BBC News .
The elevated CO2 and sea levels were associated with temperatures about 3 - 6C ( 5 - 11 F ) higher than today .
No doubting
The data comes from the ratios of boron and calcium in the shells of tiny marine organisms called foraminifera .
The ratio indicates the pH of sea water at the time the organisms grew , which in turn allows scientists to calculate the carbon dioxide content of the atmosphere .
The shell fragments came from cores drilled from the floor of the Pacific Ocean .
According to Jonathan Overpeck , who co-chaired the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) work on ancient climates for the organisation 's last major report in 2007 , this provides a more accurate look at how past CO2 values relate to climate than previous methods .
The Boxer - Kerry bill envisages stabilisation at 450 ppm " This is yet another paper that makes the future look more scary than previously thought by many , " said the University of Arizona scientist .
" If anyone still doubts the link between CO2 and climate , they should read this paper . "
The new research does not imply that reaching CO2 levels this high would definitely result in huge sea level changes , or that these would happen quickly , Dr Tripati pointed out - just that sustaining such levels on a long timescale might produce such changes .
" There are n't any perfect analogies in the past for climate change today or in the future , " she said .
" We can say that we 've identified past tipping points for ice sheet stability ; the basic physics governing ice sheets that we 've known from ice cores are extended further back , and ...
I think we should use our knowledge of the physics of climate change in the past to prepare for the future . "
Averting danger
At the Rio Earth Summit of 1992 , governments pledged to stabilise greenhouse gas concentrations " at a level that would prevent dangerous anthropogenic interference with the climate system " .
What that level is has been the subject of intense debate down the years ; but one figure currently receiving a lot of support is 450 p pm .
On Tuesday , for example , the International Energy Agency ( IEA ) released its prescription for tackling climate change , which sees concentrations of greenhouse gases peaking at the equivalent of 510 ppm of CO2 before stabilising at 450 p pm .
The Boxer - Kerry Bill , which has just entered the US Senate , also cites the 450 figure .
" Trouble is , we do n't know where the critical CO2 or temperature threshold is beyond which ice sheet collapse is inevitable , " said Dr Overpeck .
" It could be below 450 ppm , but it is more likely higher - not necessarily a lot higher - than 450 p pm .
" But what this new work suggests is that ... efforts to stabilise at 450 ppm should avoid going up above that level prior to stabilisation - that is , some sort of ' overshoot ' above 450 ppm on the way to stabilisation could be playing with fire . "
Because of concerns about short - term sea level rise , the Association of Small Island States ( Aosis ) , which includes low - lying countries such as The Maldives , Palau and Grenada , is pushing for adoption of the much lower figure of 350 p pm .
But with concentrations already substantially higher , political support for that is scanty outside Aosis members .
Richard .
Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
LONDON ( Reuters ) - People who smoke “ skunk ” -- a potent form of cannabis -- are almost seven times more likely to develop psychotic illnesses such as schizophrenia than those who smoke “ hash ” or cannabis resin , according to research .
Scientists from King ’s College London ’s institute of psychiatry said their study was the first to look specifically at skunk , rather than normal cannabis , and suggested high levels of tretrahydrocannabinol , or THC , were to blame for the drug ’s effect on mental health .
“ The risk of psychosis is much greater among people who are frequent cannabis users , especially among those using skunk , rather than among occasional users of traditional hash , ” said Marta di Forti , the psychiatrist who led the study .
Di Forti and colleagues , whose work was published in the British Journal of Psychiatry Tuesday , studied 280 patients who had experienced a first psychotic episode and 174 healthy people from the area of London where the research was conducted .
They found that those who had been diagnosed with psychosis serious enough to last a week and warrant admission to hospital were twice as likely to have used cannabis for longer than five years and more than six times more likely to use it every day .
And among all those who had used cannabis -- from both the healthy group and the psychotic group -- those with psychosis were almost seven times more likely to use skunk , a finding the researchers described as “ striking . ”
The potential dangers of cannabis sparked a row between British politicians and scientists last month after the government sacked its chief drugs adviser for arguing that cannabis was no more harmful than alcohol ..
Previous studies have suggested smoking cannabis can double the risk of developing psychosis , Di Forti said , but hers is the first to look at skunk -- a drug she said was now taking over from cannabis resin in the illegal drug trade in many countries .
The two main constituents of cannabis are THC -- the psychoactive ingredient which can produce psychotic symptoms such as hallucinations , delusions and paranoia -- and cannabidiol .
The researchers said cannabidiol appeared to have anti-psychotics properties and could be counteracting the THC .
Skunk traded illegally in southeast London , where the study was carried out , has around 12 to 18 percent THC and 1.5 percent cannabidiol , while regular cannabis resin has an average THC of around 3.4 percent and an equal amount of cannabidiol .
“ It seems that with hash the equal amounts of THC and cannabidiol may be reducing the effect , but with skunk that balance is not there , ” Di Forti told Reuters after a briefing .
“ Unfortunately skunk is displacing traditional cannabis preparations in many countries , ” she said , adding that while skunk had been more expensive than hash in the past , it was now selling for a similar price -- under 5 pounds ( $ 8.24 ) a gram .
You might not think that a physician - delivered lecture would be interesting viewing , but I ’m having trouble pulling myself away from this presentation from University of California , San Francisco ’s Osher Center for Integrative Medicine , Sugar : The Bitter Truth .
In the presentation , Dr. Robert H. Lustig argues that fructose – especially in the form of high - fructose corn syrup – is so bad for you that it should be classified as a poison ; he also likens the way your body reacts to it as alcohol without the buzz .
According to Dr. Lustig , it ’s not merely an issue of biochemistry but also industry – he points to the corn industry - sponsored Sweet Surprise site – and even politics .
He puts some of the blame on this guy , whom he alleges wanted to make food a non-issue in presidential elections :
( “ Everything bad that ever happened in this country started with this man , ” he quips when he shows the slide . )
The presentation is just under an hour and a half , but the presenter and topic are so interesting that you wo n’t notice the time pass .
It gets a little science -y in places , but no more so than a Discovery Channel science program .
It ’s been broken into 9 ten - minute segments , which means you can spread out your viewing over a week ’s worth of breaks .
Britain 's private postal operators have made substantial inroads into Royal Mail 's customer base as a result of the strikes at the end of the year , and any further upheaval will accelerate the process , warns a significant player in the industry .
London - based Post - Switch , a business that specialises in providing customers with the cheapest and most efficient mail options , says it helped about 45 companies change from state - owned Royal Mail to rivals over the past month .
" We are seeing a lot of people inviting us in to tender for the first time and only one of those that we help moved away to private operators has gone back to Royal Mail , despite the end of the industrial action , " said James Campbell - Clause , Post - Switch sales and marketing director .
Clothes catalogue company Lands '
End is one of the companies that has transferred its 10 m items - a - year business to DHL and TNT .
Managing director Tim Curtis said he felt compelled to safeguard his employees and cannot see himself going back .
" It [ the private alternative ] is slightly cheaper and a good service .
We would like to stay with Royal Mail , but cannot as long as this uncertainty remains , " he added .
The shake - up follows a series of days of industrial action by members of the Communication Workers Union in recent months in protest at the way modernisation was being introduced into the state - owned postal operation .
The strikes were called off in the run-up to Christmas while further talks between management and unions take place to try to find a permanent peace settlement .
Those talks are ongoing and many heavy users of the postal system , such as mail - order firms , continue to be nervous , fearing a second bout of disputes after the holiday period is over .
Royal Mail said it could not quantify at this stage what level of business had been lost as a result of the disputes and many private operators , such as TNT , have played down any advantages they 've gained , given they use the state system to deliver the " final mile " under access agreements which continue with Royal Mail .
Private companies are also keen not to be seen to be benefiting from the upheaval at Royal Mail , which recently reported a first - half operating profit of £ 184 m , but admitted it had a pension deficit of more than £ 10bn .
A spokeswoman for the CWU said there were no hard figures on what post volumes had been lost by Royal Mail , adding : " There have been a lot of stories about customers such as Amazon moving away , but some of this has been incorrect .
It is obviously all unhelpful [ to us ] but there is no firm , empirical evidence yet . "
DX Group said it had won some extra volumes but expected much of it to migrate back gradually .
" We were not in favour of the strike because we do not want the trend of e-substitution ( customers moving from physical mail to email ) to accelerate , " said John Coghlan , chief executive of DX .
Post - Switch says customers are moving from Royal Mail because they want greater certainty of service , but others want lower prices .
Campbell - Clause claims a mailout of 50,000 items with a two - day delivery could cost 21 p using Royal Mail , but only 17.4 p using TNT , according to its calculations .
" We found savings of 23 % for Jo Malone , an Estée Lauder brand , " he added , arguing that changes in VAT payments and " zonal tariffs " at Royal Mail will further play into the hands of private rivals .
TNT took the government to the European court over the VAT payments that are levied on private operators , but not on the majority of Royal Mail postal operations .
The Dutch - owned company has been promising to launch a door - to - door letters business across Britain , following successful trials in Liverpool , if it can get the government to shelve VAT on its deliveries .
The Conservative Party is understood to have considered doing this , should it win the next election .
Private companies are already looking at new ways of delivering post with DX offering customers the chance to pick up mail from their local post office under an agreement with Post Office Counters .
Much of the promise of RDF and Linked Data is the ease of pulling data from multiple sources and combining it .
I recently discovered the SERVICE extension that Jena adds to SPARQL , letting you send subqueries off to multiple SPARQL endpoints and then combine the results .
Because a given SPARQL endpoint may be an interface to a triplestore or a relational data store or something else , the ability to query several endpoints with one query is very nice .
The ability to query several endpoints with one query is very nice .
The Jena project 's ARQ - Basic Federated SPARQL
Query describes the use of this keyword .
Before I start quoting from that page , I wanted to jump right in with an example that worked for me to pull birthday and spouse information about Arnold Schwarzenegger from DBpedia and a list of his movies and their release dates from Linked Movie Database in one query :
PREFIX imdb : < http://data.linkedmdb.org/resource/movie/>
PREFIX dcterms : < http://purl.org/dc/terms/>
PREFIX dbpo : < http://dbpedia.org/ontology/>
PREFIX rdfs : < http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#>
SELECT ?birthDate ?spouseName ?movieTitle ?movieDate { { SERVICE < http://dbpedia.org/sparql>
{ SELECT ? birthDate ?spouseName WHERE { ?actor rdfs:label " Arnold Schwarzenegger " @en ; dbpo:birthDate ?birthDate ; dbpo:spouse ?spouseURI .
?spouseURI rdfs:label ?spouseName .
FILTER ( lang (?spouseName ) = " en " ) } } } { SERVICE < http://data.linkedmdb.org/sparql>
{ SELECT ?actor ?movieTitle ?movieDate WHERE { ?actor imdb:actor_name " Arnold Schwarzenegger " .
? movie imdb:actor ?actor ; dcterms : title ?movieTitle ; dcterms : date ?movieDate .
} } } }
You can run this query yourself at the sparql.org RDF Query Demo page .
Before you start modeling your own queries on this , it 's worth reading the Jena documentation page mentioned above , especially the " Performance Considerations " part :
This feature is a basic building block to allow remote access in the middle of a query , not a general solution to the issues in distributed query evaluation .
The algebra operation is executed without regard to how selective the pattern is .
So the order of the query will affect the speed of execution .
Because it involves HTTP operations , asking the query in the right order matters a lot .
Do n't ask for the whole of a bookstore just to find book whose title comes from a local RDF file - ask the bookshop a query with the title already bound from earlier in the query .
As an example , both subqueries above specifically ask for information about Schwarzenegger instead of trying to scan the complete databases looking for matches .
Two parts of this trick are non-standard SPARQL , but may become part of SPARQL 1.1 : subqueries and the SERVICE keyword .
As the latter Lee Feigenbaum slide points out , the SPARQL Working Group is using ARQ's SERVICE keyword as a starting point in thinking about how a query can target multiple endpoints .
My query above of the two different SPARQL endpoints also works from within TopQuadrant 's TopBraid Suite of products , so I 'm sure I 'll be using this on work - related projects more and more .
Many of the Software Professionals , SEO Experts , Analytics have started blogging as their part time jobs to make some additional money by sharing their knowledge , but few even quit their jobs and settling as full time bloggers .
But now its the time for Celebrities who have also started the blogging , and sharing their thoughts , and life style with their fans .
I have the collection of the Bollywood Celebrities who were Blogging .
Aamir Khan : Bollywood call him Mr.Perfectionist .
He is also called as Ace Khan , who does n’t know the meaning of defeat .
His is also an expert in marketing his films .
He is an actor , director and producer who have produced many .
He has worked in a number of critically and commercially successful films and has established himself as one of the leading actors in Indian Film Industry .
: Bollywood call him Mr.Perfectionist .
He is also called as Ace Khan , who does n’t know the meaning of defeat .
His is also an expert in marketing his films .
He is an actor , director and producer who have produced many .
He has worked in a number of critically and commercially successful films and has established himself as one of the leading actors in Indian Film Industry .
Ajay Devgan : National Award Winning actor .
Beginning his career as an action hero in the early 1990s , Devgan has since established himself as one of the actors open to serious roles in Bollywood .
: National Award Winning actor .
Beginning his career as an action hero in the early 1990s , Devgan has since established himself as one of the actors open to serious roles in Bollywood .
Amitabh Bachchan : Big B , who is considered to be the Pillar of the Indian Film Industry .
One of the most prominent actor of Indian Film History .
He has received uncountable number of Awards .
: Big B , who is considered to be the Pillar of the Indian Film Industry .
One of the most prominent actor of Indian Film History .
He has received uncountable number of Awards .
Amrita Rao : Indian Model and Bollywood Actress .
: Indian Model and Bollywood Actress .
Anupam Kher :
One of the Gifted Actor for Indian Film Industry , Though he have n’t done any leading roles but he ’s one of the proved actor and also the member of Indian Film Censor Board .
: One of the Gifted Actor for Indian Film Industry , Though he have n’t done any leading roles but he ’s one of the proved actor and also the member of Indian Film Censor Board .
Bipasha Basu : Bollywood Leading Actress and Former Model .
: Bollywood Leading Actress and Former Model .
Celina Jaitley : Bollywood Actress and Finalist in Miss Universe 2001 .
: Bollywood Actress and Finalist in Miss Universe 2001 .
John Abraham :
One of the most sexiest actors in the Indian Film Industry .
Bollywood Actor and also the Former Model .
: One of the most sexiest actors in the Indian Film Industry .
Bollywood Actor and also the Former Model .
Karan Johar : One of the Best and Leading Director in the India Film Industry .
He is also a Producer and also he ’s famous for his television show “ Coffee with Karan ” .
: One of the Best and Leading Director in the India Film Industry .
He is also a Producer and also he ’s famous for his television show “ Coffee with Karan ” .
Ram Gopal Verma :
The experimental director , who keeps on experimenting with his film .
He is one of the main director who get many controversies with his films though the matter is pretty funny .
He ’s one of the leading Film Director , Producer , Script Writer .
: The experimental director , who keeps on experimenting with his film .
He is one of the main director who get many controversies with his films though the matter is pretty funny .
He ’s one of the leading Film Director , Producer , Script Writer .
Salman Khan :
One of the Super Star in the Bollywood , who was also considered as Bollywood Bad Boy .
He is having a great fan following world wide , one of the Sexiest actor in the Industry .
: One of the Super Star in the Bollywood , who was also considered as Bollywood Bad Boy .
He is having a great fan following world wide , one of the Sexiest actor in the Industry .
Shilpa Shetty :
Most popular figure of the world who won the prestigious British Celebrity show “ Big Brother ” .
Bollywood actress and also owner of RR team in the IPL .
Organizations were choosing the blogs in order to take their products nearer to the customers .
Giuseppe Peano ( 27 August 1858 – 20 April 1932 ) , the Italian mathematician from the University of Turin and the creator of the language Latino sine Flexione .
LsF
nominative
ablative
vox
voce
rex
rege
regal
liber
libro
library
legio
legione
crimis
crimine
consolatio
consolatione
octo rege
eight kings
octo reges
reges
dux bellorum
dux
duce
duce bellorum
de
bello
duce de bellos
Verbs use the infinitive , minus - re , so amo ( I love ) becomes ama ( love ) , and you can of course put the - re back on if you want to use the infinitive as the subject of a sentence ( amare es bono , to love is good ) .
Put - to on to form the past participle , so me es ama to means I am loved .
The present participle ( - ing ) is - nte , so ama nte means loving .
( homine amante es homine felice - a loving person is a happy person ) .
Past or future tenses can be indicated with particles , though once again this is not necessary when the tense is obvious ( cras me veni - I will come tomorrow ) .
, so ( I love ) becomes ( love ) , and you can of course put the - back on if you want to use the infinitive as the subject of a sentence ( , ) .
Put - on to form the past participle , so means .
The present participle ( - ing ) is - , so means . ( - ) .
Past or future tenses can be indicated with particles , though once again this is not necessary when the tense is obvious ( - I will come tomorrow ) .
Adjectives are formed by leaving it unchanged if the nominative neuter ends with - e , changing it to - o if it ends with - um , and in all other cases as with nouns .
That gives adjectives like bono ( good , from bonum ) , and triste ( sad ) .
changing it to - if it ends with - , and in all other cases as with nouns .
That gives adjectives like ( good , from ) , and ( sad ) .
Articles : articles do n't exist , just as in classical Latin .
Wikipedia 's page explains this best so I 'll just copy from there :
1903 was an important year for international auxiliary languages , as this was the year when the Italian mathematician Giuseppe Peano first published the language now known as Latino sine flexione ( I 'll sometimes abbreviate it as ) , a simplified form of Latin that kept the vocabulary mostly as is , and simplified the grammar to the extent that it could be learned in almost no time at all .
You can find information on the language here and there on the internet ( including Wikipedia ) but I 'd like to introduce the basics of how it works in a single post here .
First of all , Latino sine flexione takes existing Latin words and places them in a grammar not unlike English that makes use of prepositions and postpositions as opposed to modifying words themselves .
But before we get into that , let 's start with nouns .
Nouns are changed in Latino sine flexione from the ( the form you see in the dictionary ) to the , which more closely resembles international forms people are familiar with .
Some examples : ( voice ) becomes ( king ) becomes ( think ( book ) becomes ( think ( legion ) becomes ( crime ) becomes ( consolation ) becomesand so on .
And to these we add an -s to make the plural , as in English and a great many other languages .
Note however that the plural is also not needed when a number or some other term has already made it clear , so you would sayforas opposed to , but to say kings alone you would say .
This resembles non-Indo- European languages such as Chinese , Japanese and the like , but you can find it in Indo - European languages as well , such as Persian / Farsi where you do n't need a plural marker if a number has already made it clear that you have more than one : chahâr nafar ( چهار نفر ) = four people ( lit. four person ) .
Even English has this from time to time , such as one sheep / two , three ... sheep .
Nouns that do n't have an ablative form are kept the same , of course .
Now getting back to replacing cases with prepositions and postpositions , take the following term : which means " war leader " , or more literally " leader of wars " .
The wordmeans leader , and we take the ablative which is .
Now we have : bellorum is the plural genitive ( English " of " ) of the word bellum ( war ) , meaning " of wars " .
The preposition used in LsF for of is " " , and then we change bellum to the ablative , add the -s for plural , and now we have : or " leader of wars " , a war leader .
Now of course nobody can promote a language by simply telling people to pick up a Latin dictionary and find the ablative of every single noun , which is why the language had a number of dictionaries published that had LsF vocabulary already made out so that people would n't have to go through all that .
At the moment there 's not much online , but I have been working on a lexicon here , based originally on the words found here Now on some more of the mechanics of the language :
As with Latin , neither the definite nor the indefinite article exists in Latino sine Flexione .
When necessary they may be translated with pronouns or words such as illo ( it , that ) or uno ( one ) :
da ad me libro = give me ( the ) book
da ad me hoc libro = give me this book
da ad me illo libro = give me that book
da ad me uno libro = give me a book
da ad me illo meo libro = give me that book of mine
da ad me uno meo libro = give me a book of mine
Adverbs : adverbs do n't really need to be indicated if their use is obvious , like in scriptore labora bono - the writer works well ( good ) .
If necessary , you can indicate that something is an adverb with in modo ( in the mode of ) or cum mente ( with the mind of , and similar to Spanish / Italian / French - mente or - ment ) , as in scriptore labora cum mente diligente , praeciso , et sapiente - the scribe works diligently , precisely , and wisely .
Scriptore labora in modo diligente , praeciso , et sapiente is also the same thing .
auxilium dat
illo da auxilio
Alio atque alio es oculo desperante , severo , frigido , minace , vituperante , objurgatorio ( de parentes , dominatores , praepositos ) , indignabundo , exasperato , abhorrente , irato , expectante , suspicante , ofliciale ( de actuario in cancellaria ) , inspirato ( de vate , propheta , poeta , artifice ) , ignito ( teste de fortitudine , audacia , ferocia ) , curioso , investigante , auscultante , examinante , elato ( cum spe de victoria aut cum laetitia de victoria ) , moesto , flebile , lamentabile ( in debilitate et impotentia ) , obsoleto , exstincto , foedo , truce ( pro exemplo de malefactore convicto ) , distracto , stupido , confuso , secreto , clandestino , valde aperto , penetrante , moroso , inerte , fesso , lasso ( de persona senile ) , anxio , sollieito , afflicto , melancholico , perturbato , dubio , incerto , pavido , inquieto , perplexo , vago , stupente , admirato , somniculoso , fanatico , sentimentale , libidinoso , phantastico , natante , labente ( de moriente ) , poenitente , provocante , instigante , superbo , arrogante , imperioso , despotico , ironico , satyrico , sarcastico , malitioso , contemnente , fastidioso , stulto , dissumulante , pharisaico , incredulo , invidioso , insidioso , maligno , suspicioso , zelotypo , versuto , speculante , concupiscente , incesto , insatiabile , atroce , lascivo , servile , triumphante , rabido , furioso , infernale .
severo
stupido
arrogante
despotico
pharisaico
triumphante
飘
100 Exemplo de Interlingua
Nocte seque die , from nox sequitur diem
, from Fine corona opere , from finis coronat opus
, from Qui tace , consenti , from qui tacet consentit
, from Gutta cava lapide , from gutta cavat lapidem
, from Arte imita natura , from ars imitatio naturae est arte es imitatione de natura .
In martio de anno 2009 ( duo mille novem ) incipe missione de Kepler .
Missione vol observa 100,000 ( centum mille ) stella dum 3.5 ( tres et dimidio ) anno , et pote detege planetas cum magnitudine simile ad nostro Terra .
Usque ad nunc 333 ( tres centum triginta et tres ) planta es detecto , sed omni es multo plus magno quam Terra .
Hodie duces de nationes conflue pro congressu contra problema de piratas circum litore de Somalia .
In tempore ultimo , multo nave es capto per piratas , et isto es nunc problema pro communitate internationale , nam illo depende ad commercio in illo loco .
Piratas capta plus quam 200 ( duo centum ) nave in 2008 ( duo mille octo ) .
Nunc senato de Canada habe 18 ( decem- octo ) novo senatore .
In Canada , primo ministro selige senatores pro senato , et senatores pote continua in senato usque ad aevo de 75 ( septuaginta - quinque ) anno sine electione .
Tamen , primo ministro de Canada Stephen Harper vole emenda senato in Canada in futuro pro permitte ut cives de Canada pote selige senatores in electione .
NOMENCLATURA CHEMICO
Si nos vol ute Interlingua pro chemia scientifico , nos debe applica nomenclatura chemico , nam in linguas naturale non existe similitudine .
Ergo nos elige nomenclatura maximo commodo et maximo consequente .
Pro chemia inorganico id non es difficile , nam hic jam exsiste tale systema in linguas naturale .
Pro nomenclatura chemico nos jam posside systema internationale in formulas chemico .
Sed isto es solo satis pro lingua scripto et non pro lingua locuto .
Nunc lingua locuto , que es maximo prope ad lingua formulare , es maximo commodo .
Principio de formulario chemico es que nos ute symbolos de elementos constituente ( ex que compositione exsiste ) .
Symbolos chemico es internationale , sed nomine non es .
Nomines exsiste , que es alio in omne lingua ; tale nomines debe es eliminato per nomine maximo internationale .
Ante 100 anno Berzelius habe donato nomines latino ad elementos chemico , ex que illo habe formato symbolos ( p. e. : Ferrum , Fe ) .
Nos debe conserva isto nomines tanto quam possibile , nam id es de importantia , que symbolo et nomine concorda .
Nomines quam : azoto , sodio , potassio , etc. , debe es eliminato .
Solo nomine " hydrargyro " debe es mutato in " mercurio " .
Isto nomine es internationale , nam exsiste in omne compositione de mercurio .
Pro compositiones chemico nos seque isto regulas .
Compositione de oxygenio , sulfure , hydrogenio , carbonio , nitrogenio es nominato oxydo , sulfido , hydrido , carbido , nitrido ; compositione de chloro , bromio , jodio , nuore , etc. , es nominato chlorido , bromido , jodido , fluorido ,
etc. P. e. :
CaO = Calcio- oxydo ,
ZnS = Zinco- sulfido ,
CaH2 = Calcio-hydrido ,
KCl = Kalio chlorido .
Ergo nos pone elemento electropositivo ante elemento electronegativo , ad que nos adde syllaba - ido .
Si de duo elemento existe plure compositione , nos indica numero de atomo de elemento electronegativo , que es ligato ad uno atomo de elemento electropositivo , per nomine numerale graeco .
P. ex. :
PCl3 = phosphorotrichlorido ,
PCl5 = phosphoropentachlorido .
Compositione de elemento cum plurevalentia es indicato internationale :
in compositione de valentia alto nos adde , ad nomine de elemento electropositivo , syllaba -i ;
in compositione de valentia basso nos adde , ad nomine de elemento electropositivo , syllaba - o. P. ex. :
Hg2O = mercuro - oxido ,
HgO = mercuri-oxido ,
FeS = ferro-sulfido ,
Fe2S3 = ferri-sulfido ,
Radicales obtine nomine speciale , que es composito ex suo elementos .
Super nominatione de isto radicales perturbatione exsiste ; nos i ute systema que es maximo curto et maximo regulare que es etiam maxim proximo ad systema de Berzelius .
Anion que contine oxygenio es designato per syllaba - ato post nomine de elemento .
Sale de anion SO4= sulfato .
Tale modo nos obtine : phosphato , carbonato , nitrato , etc. P. e2 ~. :
N2SO4 = natrio-sulfato ,
CaCO3 = calcio- carbonato .
Ergo , acido libero debe es nominato consequente .
P. ex. :
H2SO4 = hydro-sulfato ,
HNO3 = hydro-nitrato .
Sed si nos vol indica que id es acido , nos etiam pote dic : sulfatacido , nitratacido .
Super isto fundamento nos pote continua .
Anion paupere de oxygenio obtine syllaba - ito post nomine de elemento .
Sale de anion S03 = sulfito .
Tale modo nos obtine phosphito , nitrito , chlorito .
P. ex. :
MClO2 = manganochlorito ,
MClO3 = manganochlorato .
Anion maxim paupere de oxygenio obtine syllaba hypo ante nomine , anion maxim divite obtine antesyllaba per - .
Per ex. :
MClO = manganohypochlorito ,
MClO4 = manganoperchlorato .
Nos pote etiam ute antesyllaba : ortho- , meta- , para - et pyro ad nomine de anion : isto usu es internationale .
Sale acido es desiginato per usu do nomine hydro , ad que nos pote etiam indica numero de cation substituente .
P. ex. :
NaH2PO4 = Natrio - bi-hydro-phosphato .
Sale basico raro posside compositione definito , id pote es indicato per additione de nomine " basico " aut per " sub " ante vocabulo acidificanto .
P. ex. :
( HO2 ) BiNO3 = bismuthonitrato basico aut bismuthosubnitrato .
This means , of course , that Latino sine flexione is a language with a very rigid word order compared to classical Latin , so something like ( he / she / it gives help ) becomes .
At the same time , unlike a lot of other international auxiliary languages , LsF does n't attempt to restrict vocabulary , so words used in Latin can be ported over to LsF by just taking out your dictionary and converting the word .
Of course , as the language was meant to be used for international / scientific communication , generally the point is to be as easy to understand as possible so obscure terms are not used all that often .
Here 's one example from Peano 's Primo Libro ( first book ) about the types of eyes people have depending on their personality , which shows just how expressive LsF can be if one wants in spite of the simplified grammar : I wo n't translate the above but many of the words are already quite easy to understand : ( severe ) , ( stupid ) , ( arrogant ) , ( despotic ) , ( pharisaic ) , servile , ( triumphant ) , and so on .
In this sense it 's a bit like Chinese in the simple grammar compared to the wealth of expression - the Chinese translation for the movie Gone With the Wind for example is ( piāo ) , a single word which basically means , well , to go or scatter with the wind .
The real pity about LsF is that it was used so prominently during Peano 's life and then suddenly dropped off the map .
During a mathematical conference in 1924 ( this page is written in a different language by the way so be sure not to confuse the two ) Peano was given permission to give a discourse in the language , and apparently he often gave classes in the language too .
There is also a ton of material at the Library of Congress that is apparently in quite bad condition created by Peano and others , and a number of books that are still available .
Apparently there were a few thousand pages written in the language in total .
One of those books , ( Interlingua was the name by which the language went at the time , not to be confused with the other language named Interlingua that began in 1951 ) from 1913 for example has been scanned and put online and I 'm currently transcribing it .
In the book you can see a number of examples translated from classical Latin into LsF : At the moment LsF is almost completely moribund , and there 's precious little content available online , though I and some others have been working to try to help this .
You can see a Yahoo !
Group here for example with some samples of news and the beginning of a translation of Treasure Island .
Another site can be found here and a few others here and there , but still very little .
What LsF needs the most though is a more complete dictionary and more transcribed content from Peano online , which is what I 'm working on .
Finally , here are three small news articles I 've written to show how LsF would function as a conveyer of information in modern times as well , not just the early 20th century .
It should be pretty easy to understand for anyone with a knowledge of Latin / French / Spanish / etc .
Can you tell what they 're about ?
Note : you can see Peano 's original text in 1903 at this link here ( it 's a .doc file ) , an article that begins in classical Latin , then sheds complexities bit by bit until it becomes a different language ( LsF ) at the end .
Kind of reminds me of that well - known ZE DREAM VIL FINALI KUM TRU !
post a bit , but less jarring .
Edit : for an example of how the language works in chemical nomenclature , you can see an article written by Peano on the subject here .
I 'm going to include it below here as it's a bit tough to find on that page .
Here it is :
There are couple of points a lot more bothersome than finding that your house is swarmed with pest infestations .
Sometimes it can seem as when there is no chance to rid your premises of such unwelcome visitors .
The good news is , there are a few simple and easy effective pest management tips which can be used to remove unwanted pests through your residence .
Maintain your home as thoroughly clean as is possible .
Even if this will never maintain unwanted pests out , you at the very least will not be giving them a motivation to stick about .
A lot of unwanted pests can aroma meals coming from a great range out .
If you wish to do whatever you can to reduce your insect dilemma you should be persistent to keep your house tidy .
Question your exterminator to utilize the most efficient strategies initial .
Numerous exterminators assume that you somewhat supply the a lot less powerful approaches a shot first , in order to save dollars , nevertheless they rarely function .
You could possibly too use the most beneficial technique that it is completed and also over with .
Come up with a simple fresh fruit fly snare employing a 2 - liter container and several cider white vinegar or vino .
Reduce the jar by 50 % , and invert the most notable in the bottom part one half , similar to a funnel .
Add an inches or more of the selected liquid , departing some area involving it and the starting of the container .
The flies can enter in , but they are not able to fly out and definately will drown .
Examine exterminator expenses .
There are actually distinct factors which go into distinct quotes , so find what they are .
You want to make sure that the individual you retain the services of can do away with these pest infestations permanently .
Nonetheless , occasionally that will charge a little more .
Shop around before getting someone .
Make certain your home ’s roof top and normal water sills are depleting correctly .
Standing upright http://Malling17McLaughlin.soup.io/post/649721371/Check-Out-Some-Of-These-Cool-Pest can lead to pests .
If you ’ve received puddles creating that simply wo n’t vanish entirely , check out the fundamental cause and correct it .
Occasionally it ’s as easy as cleaning up out a gutter .
Usually , you may get more undesirable site visitors than you bargained for .
Make sure your home ’s roof structure and drinking water sills are emptying appropriately .
Standing drinking water can bring about pests .
If you ’ve obtained puddles creating that simply wo n’t go away completely , check out the fundamental result in and repair it .
Often it ’s as elementary as cleaning out a gutter .
Otherwise , you can find more unwelcome visitors than you bargained for .
Recycling can bring in insect .
The most effective case situation involves trying to keep recycling in the open air .
If you fail to do that , completely rinse whatever you decide to spot inside the container .
Make sure your trying to recycle box is sealable , because this reduces the risk of a insect invasion .
A variety of backyard pests which includes snails , cutworms and slugs could be kept aside by with elements through your kitchen area .
Distribute crushed nut shells or eggshells in your backyard garden to keep them away .
For an additional benefit , introducing these ingredients to the back garden will help raise the nutrients and vitamins with your backyard .
Would you reuse and store things in your home ?
If you have , then it is important these merchandise is effectively rinsed .
Probably the most important things to wash is soda pop containers that contain lots of sugar .
Be sure they may be carefully cleansed just before putting it in the garage or outside .
Check out all of your exterior doors extensively .
You should make sure that no daylight is glowing by way of the foot of all of them .
Some doors to spend particular focus to will be the doorway as well as your external surfaces garage area front door .
If you see daylight , attempt modifying the size with their thresholds and perhaps incorporating some conditions striping to them .
Do n’t take too lightly the ability bugs have to completely invade your house !
Though they appear through the night to give with your home or consume inside the toilet , they live in the wall space , in warming air vents and under flooring panels .
If you street address your pest management difficulty , ensure that you success every in . in the dwelling .
Leaving behind food crumbs around the flooring surfaces of your home is uncleanly , but do you know that it might cause an ant attack ?
Ants love the smell of food items and leaving it all around is providing them with an invitation to enter your own home .
Clear right after oneself and shop uneaten foods within your fridge .
Should you suffer from an infestation of pest infestations , you do not just have to try and tolerate it .
Utilizing the straightforward pest management tactics listed in this post , you can eliminate the vermin which are penetrating your property .
Begin using these pointers without delay for successful pest management .
Will “ Sherlock Holmes ” be this year ’s big movie on Afghanistan ?
Maybe not , based on the trailer — it looks like a Victorian action movie .
But Afghanistan has a lot to do with Holmes , or at least with Dr. Watson .
“ Watson ’s just come back from the Afghanistan war where he was awarded a medal of honour and there ’s no mention in the stories of him being bumbling or stupid , ” Jude Law , who plays Watson , told the Telegraph .
“ I liked the opportunity of bringing back some of the more accurate and edgy qualities . ”
One of the first things Holmes says to Watson , in “ A Study in Scarlet , ” is “ You have been in Afghanistan , I perceive . ”
That line is often cited to illustrate Holmes ’s deductive power and odd manners — to diagnose the detective .
But there ’s more to it than that .
Here ’s Watson ’s account of his war :
The regiment was stationed in India at the time , and before I could join it , the second Afghan war had broken out .
On landing at Bombay , I learned that my corps had advanced through the passes , and was already deep in the enemy ’s country .
I followed , however , with many other officers who were in the same situation as myself , and succeeded in reaching Candahar in safety , where I found my regiment , and at once entered upon my new duties .
The campaign brought honours and promotion to many , but for me it had nothing but misfortune and disaster .
I was removed from my brigade and attached to the Berkshires , with whom I served at the fatal battle of Maiwand .
There I was struck on the shoulder by a Jezail bullet , which shattered the bone and grazed the subclavian artery … .
Worn with pain , and weak from the prolonged hardships which I had undergone , I was removed , with a great train of wounded sufferers , to the base hospital at Peshawar .
Note that he does n't mention a clear border in the area between “ Candahar ” and Peshawar , now in Afghanistan and Pakistan respectively — still a problem .
Anyway , in Peshawar , Watson was struck by “ enteric fever , that curse of our Indian possessions ” :
For months my life was despaired of , and when at last I came to myself and became convalescent , I was so weak and emaciated that a medical board determined that not a day should be lost in sending me back to England .
I was despatched accordingly , in the troopship Orontes , and landed a month later on Portsmouth jetty , with my health irretrievably ruined ….
Under such circumstances I naturally gravitated to London , that great cesspool into which all the loungers and idlers of the Empire are irresistibly drained .
There I stayed for some time at a private hotel in the Strand , leading a comfortless , meaningless existence , and spending such money as I had , considerably more freely than I ought .
In another time , Watson ’s history as an officer of Empire contributed to his image — in derivative works , not in the books — as a blustering , slightly befuddled duffer , and Candahar was a place name Arthur Conan Doyle might as well have made up — about as realistic as the murderous Mormons who also , unfortunately , populate “ A Study in Scarlet . ”
Now one reads it and wonders if Watson had post - traumatic stress disorder .
“ My nerves are shaken , and I get up at all sorts of ungodly hours , and I am extremely lazy , ” Watson says , describing his condition to his prospective roommate , Holmes , who proceeds to get him out of the house .
Holmes may end up solving murders and resolving diplomatic crises , but his first , and perhaps most important , literary function is a bit like that of Salinger ’s Esme — to take a tired soldier , and cheer him up .
There ’s some mystery in the death of the Bengals ’ Chris Henry , but only in the details .
The story is just , plainly , a sad one .
Michigan lawmakers all have a record – MichiganVotes.org is its keeper .
Substitute offered in the Senate on March 16 , 2010
To replace the previous version of the measure with one that revises details but does not change the substance as previously described .
" if eyes were made for seeing , then beauty is its own excuse for being "
~ ralph waldo emerson
" if life 's not beautiful without the pain , well ... i'd just rather never even see beauty again "
~ modest mouse
Health professionals and public health officials promote breastfeeding to improve infant health .
Both mothers and children benefit from breast milk .
Breast milk contains antibodies that protect infants from bacteria and viruses .
Breastfed children have fewer ear , respiratory and urinary tract infections and have diarrhea less often .
Infants who are exclusively breastfed tend to need fewer health care visits , prescriptions and hospitalizations resulting in a lower total medical care cost compared to never - breastfed infants .
Breastfeeding also provides long - term preventative effects for the mother , including an earlier return to pre-pregnancy weight and a reduced risk of pre-menopausal breast cancer and osteoporosis .
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , nearly 84 percent of infants are ever breastfed and 25 percent are breastfed exclusively through six months .
As a part of the Healthy People 2020 initiative , two national goals are to increase the proportion of infants who are breastfed at six months and infants who are breastfed exclusively through six months by the year 2020 .
Federal Health Reform and Nursing Mothers
President Obama signed the Affordable Care Act ( ACA ) on March 30 , 2010 .
( See the combined full text of Public Laws 111 - 148 and 111 - 152 here . )
Among many provisions , Section 4207 of the law amends the Fair Labor Standards Act ( FLSA ) of 1938 ( 29 U.S. Code 207 ) to require an employer to provide reasonable break time for an employee to express breast milk for her nursing child for one year after the child 's birth each time such employee has need to express milk .
The employer is not required to compensate an employee receiving reasonable break time for any work time spent for such purpose .
The employer must also provide a place , other than a bathroom , for the employee to express breast milk .
If these requirements impose undue hardship , an employer that employs fewer than 50 employees is not subject to these requirements .
The federal requirements shall not preempt a state law that provides greater protections to employees .
Congress passed Fairness for Breastfeeding Mothers Act of 2019 in July 2019 .
The law requires certain public health buildings to provide a shielded , hygienic space other than a bathroom , that contains a chair , working surface and an electrical outlet for use by members of the public to express milk .
For more information :
In addition , the ACA requires new private health insurance plans , including those available in the new health insurance marketplaces , to provide coverage for specified women ’s preventive health services with no cost sharing ( e.g. , copayment , coinsurance , or deductible ) .
Breastfeeding support , supplies and lactation counseling are one of these specified preventive services .
For more information :
State Breastfeeding Laws
All fifty states , the District of Columbia , Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands have laws that specifically allow women to breastfeed in any public or private location .
, the and the have laws that specifically allow women to breastfeed in any public or private location .
Thirty - one states , the District of Columbia , Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands exempt breastfeeding from public indecency laws .
( Alaska , Arizona , Arkansas , Florida , Idaho , Illinois , Kentucky , Louisiana , Massachusetts , Michigan , Minnesota , Mississippi , Missouri , Montana , Nevada , New Hampshire , New York , North Carolina , North Dakota , Oklahoma , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , South Carolina , South Dakota , Tennessee , Utah , Virginia , West Virginia , Washington , Wisconsin and Wyoming . )
, the and the exempt breastfeeding from public indecency laws .
( Alaska , Arizona , Arkansas , Florida , Idaho , Illinois , Kentucky , Louisiana , Massachusetts , Michigan , Minnesota , Mississippi , Missouri , Montana , Nevada , New Hampshire , New York , North Carolina , North Dakota , Oklahoma , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , South Carolina , South Dakota , Tennessee , Utah , Virginia , West Virginia , Washington , Wisconsin and Wyoming . )
Thirty - two states , the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico have laws related to breastfeeding in the workplace .
( Arkansas , California , Colorado , Connecticut , Delaware , Georgia , Hawaii , Illinois , Indiana , Kentucky , Louisiana , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , Minnesota , Mississippi , Montana , New Jersey , New Mexico , New York , North Dakota , Oklahoma , Oregon , Rhode Island , South Carolina , Tennessee , Texas , Utah , Vermont , Virginia , Washington and Wyoming . )
, the and have laws related to breastfeeding in the workplace .
( Arkansas , California , Colorado , Connecticut , Delaware , Georgia , Hawaii , Illinois , Indiana , Kentucky , Louisiana , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , Minnesota , Mississippi , Montana , New Jersey , New Mexico , New York , North Dakota , Oklahoma , Oregon , Rhode Island , South Carolina , Tennessee , Texas , Utah , Vermont , Virginia , Washington and Wyoming . )
Nineteen states and Puerto Rico exempt breastfeeding mothers from jury duty or allow jury service to be postponed .
( California , Connecticut , Idaho , Illinois , Iowa , Kansas , Kentucky , Michigan , Mississippi , Missouri , Montana , Nebraska , New York , Oklahoma , Oregon , Pennsylvania , South Dakota , Utah and Virginia . )
and exempt breastfeeding mothers from jury duty or allow jury service to be postponed .
( California , Connecticut , Idaho , Illinois , Iowa , Kansas , Kentucky , Michigan , Mississippi , Missouri , Montana , Nebraska , New York , Oklahoma , Oregon , Pennsylvania , South Dakota , Utah and Virginia . )
Six states and Puerto Rico have implemented or encouraged the development of a breastfeeding awareness education campaign .
( California , Illinois , Minnesota , Missouri , Mississippi and Vermont . )
Several states have unique laws related to breastfeeding .
For instance ,
Puerto Rico requires shopping malls , airports , public service government centers and other select locations to have accessible areas designed for breastfeeding and diaper changing that are not bathrooms .
Louisiana 's law requires certain state building to provide suitable areas for breastfeeding and lactation , and Illinois requires at least one mother 's lactation room in the State Capitol .
requires shopping malls , airports , public service government centers and other select locations to have accessible areas designed for breastfeeding and diaper changing that are not bathrooms .
law requires certain state building to provide suitable areas for breastfeeding and lactation , and Illinois requires at least one mother 's lactation room in the State Capitol .
At least three states have laws related to child care facilities and breastfeeding .
Louisiana prohibits any child care facility from discriminating against breastfed babies .
Mississippi requires licensed child care facilities to provide breastfeeding mothers with a sanitary place that is not a toilet stall to breastfeed their children or express milk , to provide a refrigerator to store expressed milk , to train staff in the safe and proper storage and handling of human milk , and to display breastfeeding promotion information to the clients of the facility .
Maryland requires child care centers to promote proper nutrition and developmentally appropriate practices by establishing training and policies promoting breastfeeding .
prohibits any child care facility from discriminating against breastfed babies .
requires licensed child care facilities to provide breastfeeding mothers with a sanitary place that is not a toilet stall to breastfeed their children or express milk , to provide a refrigerator to store expressed milk , to train staff in the safe and proper storage and handling of human milk , and to display breastfeeding promotion information to the clients of the facility .
requires child care centers to promote proper nutrition and developmentally appropriate practices by establishing training and policies promoting breastfeeding .
New Jersey exempts breast pumps , breast pump repair and replacement parts and other related items from the sales tax .
Maryland exempts the sale of tangible personal property that is manufactured for the purpose of initiating , supporting or sustaining breastfeeding from the sales and use tax .
Louisiana prohibits state sales or use tax from being applied to any consumer purchases of breastfeeding items .
exempts breast pumps , breast pump repair and replacement parts and other related items from the sales tax .
exempts the sale of tangible personal property that is manufactured for the purpose of initiating , supporting or sustaining breastfeeding from the sales and use tax .
prohibits state sales or use tax from being applied to any consumer purchases of breastfeeding items .
California , New York , Texas , Illinois and Connecticut have laws related to the procurement , processing , distribution , use or reimbursement of human milk .
, , , and have laws related to the procurement , processing , distribution , use or reimbursement of human milk .
New York created a Breastfeeding Mothers Bill of Rights , which is required to be posted in maternal health care facilities .
New York also created a law that allows a child under one year of age to accompany the mother to a correctional facility if the mother is breastfeeding at the time she is committed .
created a Breastfeeding Mothers Bill of Rights , which is required to be posted in maternal health care facilities .
New York also created a law that allows a child under one year of age to accompany the mother to a correctional facility if the mother is breastfeeding at the time she is committed .
California requires require schools operated by a school district or a county office of education , the California School for the Deaf , the California School for the Blind , and charter schools to provide reasonable accommodations to a lactating pupil on a high school campus to express breast milk , breastfeed an infant child , or address other needs related to breastfeeding .
requires require schools operated by a school district or a county office of education , the California School for the Deaf , the California School for the Blind , and charter schools to provide reasonable accommodations to a lactating pupil on a high school campus to express breast milk , breastfeed an infant child , or address other needs related to breastfeeding .
Illinois requires a public school , including a charter school , to provide reasonable accommodations to a lactating pupil on a school campus to express breast milk , breastfeed an infant child , or address other needs related to breastfeeding ; provides for grievance procedures .
requires a public school , including a charter school , to provide reasonable accommodations to a lactating pupil on a school campus to express breast milk , breastfeed an infant child , or address other needs related to breastfeeding ; provides for grievance procedures .
Washington provides midwifery and doula services for incarcerated women , which may include support and assistance during labor and childbirth , prenatal and postpartum education , breastfeeding assistance , parenting education and support in the event that a woman has been or will become separated from her child .
The box allows you to conduct a full text search or use the dropdown menu option to select a state .
Sources : National Conference of State Legislatures and StateNet
Note : List may not be comprehensive , but is representative of existent state laws .
NCSL appreciates additions and corrections .
Additional Resources
This site is made possible by project , UC4MC28038 , from the Maternal and Child Health Bureau ( Title V , Social Security Act ) , Health Resources and Services Administration , U.S. Department of Health and Human Services .
Haskell does n’t sacrifice speed for power , or abstraction for control
Haskell is an amazing language for this type of program for a couple of reasons .
It ’s static typing eliminates an entire class of errors before your program will even compile .
It is garbage collected , so tricky memory - management code is non-existent , it has a fantastic foreign function interface allowing it to wrap and call any C code ever written ( and vice versa ) , and it compiles to native libraries and executables , making it not only fast , but a legitimate candidate to run on platforms that do n’t yet have or wo n’t allow virtual machine code interpreters ( iPhones , Pres and their ilk ) .
So where do we start learning how to write OpenGL in Haskell ?
The first thing to realize is that there are a million OpenGL tutorials in C and in comparison , far fewer in Haskell .
That ’s ok , because Haskell ’s bindings to OpenGL are low - level enough that you can actually use C examples to guide your Haskell code .
For example , I found this OpenGL example demonstrating how to use GLUT to make drawing a cube super - easy .
To make the executable , I had to download a ton of libraries , but they were all available via apt in Ubuntu and I could finally write this Makefile to make compiling and linking a one - command affair :
cube : cube . o gcc -o cube cube .o - lglut
Running the resultant cube executable , produces a pretty picture :
The rest is getting familiar with the Haskell OpenGL and GLUT libraries .
The functions reside in the Graphics .
Rendering .
OpenGL and Graphics .UI.GLUT modules .
You can find their documentation here and here .
I wrote my first version in a manner that I thought most closely resembled the C syntax .
The n , faces and v functions in the Haskell version are standins for the arrays the C version uses .
n :: [ Normal3 GLfloat ] n = [ ( Normal3 ( - 1.0 ) 0.0 0.0 ) , ( Normal3 0.0 1.0 0.0 ) , ( Normal3 1.0 0.0 0.0 ) , ( Normal3 0.0 ( - 1.0 ) 0.0 ) , ( Normal3 0.0 0.0 1.0 ) , ( Normal3 0.0 0.0 ( - 1.0 ) ) ] faces :: [ [ Vertex3 GLfloat ] ] faces = [ [ ( v 0 ) , ( v 1 ) , ( v 2 ) , ( v 3 ) ] , [ ( v 3 ) , ( v 2 ) , ( v 6 ) , ( v 7 ) ] , [ ( v 7 ) , ( v 6 ) , ( v 5 ) , ( v 4 ) ] , [ ( v 4 ) , ( v 5 ) , ( v 1 ) , ( v 0 ) ] , [ ( v 5 ) , ( v 6 ) , ( v 2 ) , ( v 1 ) ] , [ ( v 7 ) , ( v 4 ) , ( v 0 ) , ( v 3 ) ] ] v :: Int -> Vertex3 GLfloat v x = Vertex3 v0 v1 v2 where v0 | x == 0 || x == 1 || x == 2 || x == 3 = - 1 | x == 4 || x == 5 || x == 6 || x == 7 = 1 v1 | x == 0 || x == 1 || x == 4 || x == 5 = - 1 | x == 2 || x == 3 || x == 6 || x == 7 = 1 v2 | x == 0 || x == 3 || x == 4 || x == 7 = 1 | x == 1 || x == 2 || x == 5 || x == 6 = - 1
And here ’s the C code :
GLfloat light_diffuse [ ] = { 1.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 1.0} ; /* Red diffuse light . */ GLfloat light_position [ ] = { 1.0 , 1.0 , 1.0 , 0.0} ; /* Infinite light location . */ GLfloat n [ 6 ] [ 3 ] = { /*
Normals for the 6 faces of a cube .
*/ {- 1.0 , 0.0 , 0.0} , {0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0} , { 1.0 , 0.0 , 0.0} , {0.0 , - 1.0 , 0.0} , {0.0 , 0.0 , 1.0} , {0.0 , 0.0 , - 1.0} } ; GLint faces [ 6 ] [ 4 ] = { /*
Vertex indices for the 6 faces of a cube .
*/ {0 , 1 , 2 , 3} , {3 , 2 , 6 , 7} , { 7 , 6 , 5 , 4} , {4 , 5 , 1 , 0} , { 5 , 6 , 2 , 1} , { 7 , 4 , 0 , 3} } ; GLfloat v [ 8 ] [ 3 ] ; /*
Will be filled in with X , Y , Z vertexes .
*/ /*
Setup cube vertex data . */ v [ 0 ] [ 0 ] = v [ 1 ] [ 0 ] = v [ 2 ] [ 0 ] = v [ 3 ] [ 0 ] = - 1 ; v [ 4 ] [ 0 ] = v [ 5 ] [ 0 ] = v [ 6 ] [ 0 ] = v [ 7 ] [ 0 ] = 1 ; v [ 0 ] [ 1 ] = v [ 1 ] [ 1 ] = v [ 4 ] [ 1 ] = v [ 5 ] [ 1 ] = - 1 ; v [ 2 ] [ 1 ] = v [ 3 ] [ 1 ] = v [ 6 ] [ 1 ] = v [ 7 ] [ 1 ] = 1 ; v [ 0 ] [ 2 ] = v [ 3 ] [ 2 ] = v [ 4 ] [ 2 ] = v [ 7 ] [ 2 ] = 1 ; v [ 1 ] [ 2 ] = v [ 2 ] [ 2 ] = v [ 5 ] [ 2 ] = v [ 6 ] [ 2 ] = - 1 ;
Also , the drawBox function was interesting to write , because Haskell has no for loop , so I had to rethink what was going on and translate the idea of executing a block of code over a list of data into it ’s functional equivalent .
drawBox :: IO ( ) drawBox = let nfaces = zip n faces in do mapM ( \( n , [ v0 , v1 , v2 , v3 ] ) -> do renderPrimitive Quads $ do normal n vertex v0 vertex v1 vertex v2 vertex v3 ) nfaces return ()
The Haskell OpenGL bindings have no glBegin / glEnd functions , but rather , renderPrimitive , which takes a PrimitiveMode and a function / block of vertex - related actions .
Beyond that , the only other thing that tripped me up was that I could n’t figure out how to enable depth testing .
I passed the option to display mode to use a depth buffer :
initialDisplayMode $= [ DoubleBuffered , RGBMode , WithDepthBuffer ]
and in C , there ’s a single call to enable it :
glEnable ( GL_DEPTH_TEST
) ;
which I could n’t find anywhere in the Haskell API .
I figured it would look like the call to enable lighting :
lighting $= Enabled
so I ended up choosing depthMask $= Enabled , but my first clue that things were n’t working was what my program displayed :
More of a box than a cube , really .
The key , I found , was that the C version makes a call to enable depth buffering , but omits a call to set the actual depth test the depth buffer uses , relying on default behavior .
The Haskell API only provides the second , depth test - setting operation .
depthFunc $= Just Lequal
in place of my misguided depthMask , that code did the trick .
You can find my finished Haskell source in this gist right above the original C program I translated .
If you ’re interested in running it , runhaskell Cube.hs should do the trick .
This is by no means the best looking Haskell code .
It could be more idiomatic , but I wrote it this way to show how similar it looked to the C code it came from .
It ended up still being 20 lines shorter and allows you to focus on more important ideas than properly updating index counters or setting integer bit - flags properly .
Editor 's note : CNN contributor John Avlon attended the Tea Party 's first convention Friday and Saturday in Nashville , Tennessee .
He is the author of " Wingnuts : How the Lunatic Fringe is Hijacking America . "
( CNN ) --
As the National Tea Party Convention concluded this weekend , it 's clear that the Tea Partiers are propelled by two competing claims -- a principled commitment to fiscal conservatism and a serious case of Obama Derangement Syndrome .
The first group remains true to the roots of the movement as it emerged almost one year ago amid bailout backlash .
They feel like modern Paul Reveres , warning their fellow citizens about the unsustainable nature of our government 's deficit spending and unprecedented debt .
They still have an important civic role to play in our national debate .
The second group reflects the overheated , hyperpartisanship that emerged over the August town halls and the 9/12 march on Washington .
Oddly enough , this group embraced the tactics of Saul Alinsky 's Rules for Radicals and applied them to the conservative cause , with angry confrontation and street theater protests .
They ascribe to Obama every sinister characteristic imaginable -- often a secret plot to undermine our constitutional republic and put in a socialist , one - world government in its place .
This is the crowd that carries the signs comparing Obama to Hitler and communists , while proclaiming themselves patriots .
Their extremism will ultimately lead the movement to self - destruct unless it is clearly repudiated .
The weekend 's controversial and much - covered Tea Party ended up being more of a conference than a convention .
It offered speeches and seminars to a relatively small group of attendees .
While Tax Day 2009 Tea Parties attracted some 300,000 people nationwide , this convention accommodated just 600 people , who paid nearly $ 500 each for the privilege of attending the populist conference .
While the crowds at 2009 's protests were generally angrier than the speakers who climbed up onto platforms at last weekend 's conference , the dynamic was reversed .
The crowd was generally more civil than the selected speakers .
Former congressman Tom Tancredo accused the president of being a " committed socialist ideologue " and proposed a civic literacy test for voting .
WorldNet Daily founder Joseph Farah used his post - dinner speech , covered by C - Span , to repeat inane " Birther " claims .
Alabama gubernatorial candidate and former state Supreme Court chief justice Roy Moore said Obama had " ignored our history and our heritage , arrogantly declaring to the world that we are no longer a Christian nation . "
He also compared Obama to King George III by quoting the Declaration of Independence : " A Prince , whose character is thus marked by every act which may define a Tyrant , is unfit to be the ruler of a free people . "
Sarah Palin was the most cautious by far , saying simply " America is ready for another revolution . "
Where will the Tea Party movement go from here ?
The for - profit conference organizers declared that " we absolutely do not support a third party " and instead announced the creation of a new corporation and concurrent PAC to support conservative candidates , primarily in the South .
This is still very much a leaderless movement with divergent tributaries .
There 's no shortage of anger at the GOP for starting the path of deficit spending last decade and then backing the first round of Wall Street bailouts under Bush .
There is a rejection of politics as usual , the feeling that both parties are captive of their respective special interests -- big business and big government .
What 's your take ?
Share your thoughts on the Tea Party movement
For the Tea Party momentum to continue in a constructive way , it will need to take at least two further steps :
First , repudiate the unhinged Obama - haters and then focus its anger at fiscal irresponsibility into policy proposals instead of bumper - sticker platitudes .
With a growing number of conspiracy entrepreneurs trying to profit off populist anger in a recession , it 's also worth keeping the conservative virtue of healthy skepticism in mind .
Remember what the author Eric Hoffer warned in his book " The True Believer : " " Every great cause begins as a movement , becomes a business and eventually degenerates into a racket . "
Following the X10 Festival , which was held yesterday in San Fransisco , Microsoft has confirmed that it will not release the psychological action / thriller Alan Wake for the PC .
Explaining the action , Microsoft stated the following :
“ Some games are more suited for the intimacy of the PC , and others are best played from the couch in front of a larger TV screen .
We ultimately realised that the most compelling way to experience “ Alan Wake ” was on the Xbox 360 platform , so we focused on making it an Xbox 360 exclusive .
Both Microsoft and Remedy have long histories in PC game development .
This decision was about matching this specific game to the right platform . ”
The game will be released on the Xbox 360 on May 18th 2010 in the United States and on May 21st in Europe .
The Icelandic star , who travels with a chef named Numi , desires a " homely atmosphere " backstage .
And she may need sessions with an acupuncturist , masseuse , or reflexologist .
By David J. Parker
Additional Material By Samuel Stoddard
Ever since J.R.R. Tolkien and C.S. Lewis created the worlds of Middle Earth and Narnia , it seems like every windbag off the street thinks he can write great , original fantasy , too .
The problem is that most of this " great , original fantasy " is actually poor , derivative fantasy .
Frankly , we 're sick of it , so we 've compiled a list of rip - off tip - offs in the form of an exam .
We think anybody considering writing a fantasy novel should be required to take this exam first .
Answering " yes " to any one question results in failure and means that the prospective novel should be abandoned at once .
Three hundred plow trucks are lined up to combat an afternoon rush - hour snowstorm in Georgia , including traffic - congested Atlanta .
In Mobile , Ala. , kids are poised for a rare snowball fight .
And fat flakes are already falling in Blountstown , Fla .
This has been one of the most bizarre winters of the new century , with storm after storm slamming the East Coast in particular .
And now , a storm that dropped a foot of snow Thursday on Dallas – Dallas !
– could help bring about the presence of snow in all 50 states .
That ’s if the storm delivers a few inches , as expected , in parts of north Florida .
If that indeed happens , meteorologists at AccuWeather and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) say they expect some coverage in all 50 states .
( In case you ’re wondering , some of the tallest peaks in Hawaii have snow sprinkled on them . )
“ By the time the storm ends , we may be looking at a truly historic snow cover map to open up the weekend , ” AccuWeather.com ’s Joe Lundberg writes .
This winter ’s white legacy has inspired at least one meteorological project .
" On Friday afternoon , I 'm going to begin asking for photos of the snow , " Patrick Marsh , a student employee at NOAA ’s National Severe Storm Laboratory in Norman , Okla . , told Oklahoma ’s News 9 channel .
" Hopefully I 'll get photos from all 50 states , and if I do , I 'll put them into a Google Earth map and make a snow snapshot of America . "
( Wanna help Mr. Marsh ?
Send pics to snow@forwarn.org . )
So what ’s going on ?
Climate - change debate has been hot and heavy as official Washington shut down for four straight days .
The wintry blasts ,
Time magazine explained , could actually be part of a global - warming trend .
( We ’ll let them explain that here . )
Less controversial were the communal dig - outs taking place across Washington .
Shovelers dubbed the comity “ snowcialism . ”
More seriously , the storms are likely to nip American taxpayers as city and states burn through their snow - clearing budgets .
“ [ S ] end dough for snow , ” Sen. Barbara Mikulski ( D ) of Maryland wrote in a plea to Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano .
The culprit , it appears , is a strong Pacific El Niño pattern that has stirred up a boatload of moisture rolling across Mexico , into the Gulf , and up through the South .
All that is now colliding on a regular basis with unusually deep dips of Arctic air .
At the same time , much of the Midwest is experiencing a comparatively mild snow season – even as Vancouver , British Columbia , is having to truck in snow for some of its Olympic events .
Other notable events in this topsy - turvy season :
The South saw one of the first big storms , frozen iguanas fell out of trees in Florida , and snowfall records were broken in a dozen cities including Baltimore , Philadelphia , and Washington .
And winter is barely halfway over .
( Punxsutawney Phil , after all , said we have at least six more weeks of winter to go . )
“ The snow blitz ... is truly a rare event that has no parallel in the historic record , ” wrote Weather Underground ’s Jeff Masters Friday morning .
-----
Follow us on Twitter .
Many of the world ’s top brands have their own dedicated museums which run the gamut from glorified gift shops to self - aggrandizing expos halls , making most of them a must - miss for all but the most die - hard enthusiast .
It really takes a special mix of a storied history , compelling product evolution and visually stunning space to pull off a museum which appeals to not only strong followers but also the general public .
The Mercedes - Benz Museum in Stuttgart , Germany is definitely the later .
Sitting as a proud beacon of automotive excellence just in front of the main gate of Daimler ’s headquarters , the building is an architectural wonder designed by UN Studio .
The old museum which actually rested inside the factory has been replaced by a unique structure featuring three overlapping circles like a cloverleaf .
The center of the building was carved out to crate a triangular atrium .
The design allows for 16,500 square meters of exhibition space on a footprint of only 4,800 square meters .
Over 160 vehicles and 1,5000 exhibits are on display within the double helix interior .
The displays features cars dating back to 1886 and follows the progression of Mercedes - Benz up through their latest and greatest supercar , the SLS AMG .
The building first opened in 2006 but since many people have not had an opportunity to make the pilgrimage , the company has just released a smorgasbord of images to give everyone a good idea of what there is to behold .
Source : Mercedes - Benz
Last orders for pint glass as we know it ?
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement By Margaret Ryan
BBC News
Thousands of people are hurt each year in violent attacks where broken beer glasses are used as weapons .
Could two new pint glass designs be the answer ?
Nearly 87,000 injuries are caused by glass attacks each year in England and Wales , according to the Home Office .
Many more are hurt as a result of accidents .
The worrying figures have prompted a redesign of the classic pint glass , with police , facial surgeons , pubs and brewers all voicing concern about the high number of glassings .
Traditional glasses could be replaced
The government hopes introducing safer pint glasses , still made of glass , will help reduce injuries .
As well as the human cost , it also hopes it will reduce the financial burden of alcohol - related crime , which currently costs the NHS £ 2.7bn a year .
Now , two new prototypes for beer glasses have been unveiled , as part of a programme involving the Design Council .
Launched by the Home Office 's Design and Technology Alliance , the aim is to use design to tackle crime .
Designers say the new glasses will appeal to drinkers and have the potential to really reduce the number of glass - related injuries .
" The British love their pints of beer , " says David Kester , of the Design Council .
" We would n't want to take someone 's enjoyment and pleasure away .
" This is not a silver bullet .
It is one idea that can make a significant difference .
We hope to save lives and reduce suffering . "
A clear plastic coating is the secret of the first design , called Glass Plus , says Matt Cotterill , creative director of Design Bridge , which is behind the new glasses .
Burden
The coating or bio-resin is put inside a glass and prevents it from breaking into dangerous shards when smashed .
It can be used to treat existing pint glasses and drinkers might not even notice the difference .
The second design , called Twin Wall , is inspired by car windscreens , which have gone from being made of toughened glass to being made from laminated glass .
The glass is actually two thin - walled glasses inside each other , which are resin - bonded together .
Again this stops the glass from shattering into pieces .
It does look significantly thicker than a traditional pint glass , although the designers say it is an early prototype and they are still working on improving it .
An additional benefit of the design is that it makes beer easier to pour .
In a demonstration Glass Plus broke on the first attempt , but did n't shatter .
It took four attempts to get a Twin Wall glass to break and when it did there were no shards of glass either .
The first model could be in pubs within 12 months , says Mr Cotterill .
Designers are already working with suppliers and manufacturers to refine the coating .
It is unlikely to cost more than an existing glass to produce , as the toughened glass already used to make pint pots has to be heat - treated anyway .
If you treated existing glasses there would be an additional cost .
But the properties of toughened glass wear off over time , unlike the new coating .
Pubs are suffering and to ask them to cough up for supposedly improved glassware , it is not good timing
Louise Ashworth
Camra
The second model may take longer to come onto the market , but the designers say it will be durable and hard - wearing .
Both glasses still have to be tested further before they are ready to be piloted in pubs and bars .
Mr Kester says the Twin Wall version is likely to be more expensive , but says : " What price corporate responsibility ? "
But for pubs and breweries the cost of replacing their beer glasses is a valid concern , says Campaign for Real Ale ( Camra ) .
It is reserving judgment on the designs until it knows more , but is worried about putting an extra burden on already struggling pubs .
" Who will pay for these additional glasses ? " says spokeswoman Louise Ashworth .
" Fifty - two pubs are closing down each week because of administrative burdens , high taxes and the smoking ban .
Pubs are suffering and to ask them to cough up for supposedly improved glassware , it is not good timing . "
Stimulate Glass will always be popular among drinkers as they enjoy the look and feel it , so improving safety is to be welcomed , says Neil Williams , of the British Beer and Pub Association .
He describes the designs as " interesting ideas that merit further work and development " .
" We are certainly supportive of innovations that can improve glass safety . "
Home Secretary Alan Johnson believes the glasses are " an important step forward which could also provide retailers and drinkers with a preferable alternative to plastic glasses " .
But the drinks industry will not be forced to introduce the new pint glasses , with the Home Office acknowledging the financial strain some pubs are under .
" We are hoping to stimulate action , " says a spokesman .
" This is our early solution .
Discussions are to be had .
We are not looking to make this mandatory . "
Below is a selection of your comments .
Sounds a great idea .
My one concern is that I have heard of people being attacked by broken bottles more than pint glasses - surely bottles should be made the same way as these new glasses ?
Jo , Leicestershire
This article depresses me in profound ways .
I hate the messed up social problems in the UK , which is why I left for Canada , including what would be considered reckless alcoholism here .
And it 's depressing to me that the best way deemed to fix one of the symptoms of a social problem is to make the glasses not do as much damage .
Never mind education .
Forget more effective law enforcement and structure such as restrictions on sales of alcohol .
No .
Let 's stop the glasses hurting as much .
Ridiculous .
David , Toronto , Canada Something definitely needs to be done but ... toughened glass - much heavier and more difficult to break = a very good weapon .
Not the best of ideas !
Tony Brown , North Wales
Why not just have reusable plastic glasses ?
Lee , Carmarthen I worked in a large psychiatric hospital in Epsom in the mid 1950s , and the glass tumblers in use were designed to fracture into small crystals , just as a car windscreen would .
The object was to prevent broken glass being used for self harm by the inmates .
As I recall it , the appearance of these special tumblers was much the same as normal domestic / household items - only when smashed could the difference be seen .
So I think a technology for this ' new invention ' has been around a long time already .
Ian T , Hunton , North Yorkshire , UK Having witnessed somebody being permanently scarred by having a broken glass thrust in their face , I have to say this is an excellent idea .
The sooner they are introduced , the better .
Of course , fights do n't break out in pubs and clubs all the time , but those places where it happens most often should be forced to introduce the new glasses .
Phil Rogers , Bournemouth Fab idea ... as long as a pint stays a pint , I 'm happy !
Nicola , Peterculter , Aberdeen
How about pubs that use the new glasses getting a discount on their Public Liability insurance as accidents are less likely to be as serious .
That way they will be able to off - set at least part of the cost of the new glasses .
Robin Stirzaker , Watford
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The cells change colour to reveal specific kinds of neural messages Scientists have developed biological cells that can give insight into the chemistry of the brain .
The cells , which change colour when exposed to specific chemicals , have been used to show how a class of schizophrenia drug works .
The researchers hope they will also help shed light on how many other drugs work on the brain .
The study , by the University of California - San Diego , is published in Nature Neuroscience .
It 's a world of signalling between cells that we were blind to before
Professor David Kleinfeld
University of California - San Diego Schizophrenia is most commonly associated with symptoms such as delusions and hallucinations .
But people with the illness also struggle to sustain attention or recall information .
A class of drugs called atypical neuroleptics has become commonly prescribed , in part because they seem to improve these problems .
However , the way they altered brain chemistry was uncertain .
It was known that the drugs trigger the release of a large amount of a chemical called acetylcholine , which enables brain cells to communicate with each other .
However , the drugs have also been shown to hobble a receptor on the surface of the receiving cell , which would effectively block the message .
The San Diego team designed biological cells - called CNiFERs - which changed colour when acetylcholine latched onto this particular class of receptors - an event scientists have not previously been able to detect in a living brain .
They implanted the cells into rat brains , then stimulated a deeper part of the brain in a way known to release acetylcholine nearby .
In response , CNiFERs changed colour - proving that they were working .
They then gave the rats one of two atypical neuroleptics .
In both cases the drug severely depressed the response from the CNiFERs .
This suggested that the drugs ' receptor - blocking action over - rides the increase they trigger in acetylcholine .
Researcher Professor David Kleinfeld said the new cells had great potential to reveal the mysteries of chemical action in the brain .
He said : " It 's a world of signalling between cells that we were blind to before . "
The researchers say they are already working to redesign CNiFERS so they can detect the activity of other types of receptors as well .
Paul Corry , of the mental health charity Rethink , said : " This study shows the value of mental health research .
" It is eliciting new information that could lead to the development of more effective drug treatments for schizophrenia , which have fewer of the debilitating side - effects associated with even the most modern atypical medicines .
" That in itself would benefit millions of people around the world .
" But the research also offers a new technique for understanding the workings of the brain that could also be developed for use across broad areas of medicine .
" We really do need to recognise that mental health research is starved of funds compared to other areas of medicine and recognise also that much of it takes place at the frontiers of our understanding which means that results from it could have far - reaching applications . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Lytle is a blink - and - you 'll - miss - it kind of town , one of hundreds that dot the vast flat ranchlands of southern Texas .
A smear of houses by the main highway between San Antonio and Laredo .
Population : 2,383 .
The first streets only got paved here in the years after the second world war .
A sewage system took a little longer , not being built until the 1960s .
In short , Lytle , Texas , has never been big enough to have much impact on the politics of the Lone Star state .
And few Texas politicians have ever paid much attention to it .
Until Debra Medina , that is .
When Medina breezed into Lytle 's community hall the locals found themselves confronted with a Texan version of Sarah Palin .
She wore a sharp scarlet skirt suit , librarian - style glasses and a puffed - up hairdo .
More than 60 Lytle residents had gathered to meet her , a hefty turnout on a weekday at 11 am for a Republican primary election in the race to be Texas governor .
Medina has become a political phenomenon in Texas .
Emerging as a genuine star of the rightwing populist Tea Party movement , she delivers a fiery message of slashing taxes and the abolition of almost all forms of federal government , and issues dire warnings that President Obama is taking America down a slippery slope to Soviet - style communism .
It 's working .
Previously unheard of by the vast majority of Texans , Medina has set the race for governor on fire , upsetting the primary contest between the incumbent , Rick Perry , and Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison .
Those gathered to see Medina in Lytle loved her .
Young and old , men and women , Latino and white , listened with rapt attention as she outlined her agenda and asked them to back her in this week 's first round of voting .
If she can beat Hutchison into second place , she can secure a runoff against Perry .
That would raise the possibility – distant but real – of a Tea Party activist capturing the government of the second biggest state in America .
The Tea Party movement would have gone from being a bunch of ragtag protesters to heading one of the largest single economies in the world .
" If we can change politics as usual in Texas , then we can change politics as usual across America .
This is not just about Texas , but about changing the whole country , " Medina told the Observer before addressing her supporters in Lytle .
She is not alone in that ambition .
Across America other extreme candidates have emerged on the Republican right to challenge familiar party figures with a fiery mix of Tea Party - inspired populism .
In Arizona , Senator John McCain is facing a tough re-election fight against a former congressman , JD Hayworth , who has expressed public doubts as to whether Obama was born a legitimate American citizen .
In Florida the moderate Republican governor , Charlie Crist , is lagging badly in his own primary election to rightwing challenger Marco Rubio , who has the backing of local Tea Party groups .
On the right of US politics , this is big stuff .
Instead of forcing mainstream Republicans to woo them for their votes , the rightwingers are now bidding for power .
It is an attempt at revolution that could have huge meaning for America and the world , especially given the disastrous showing of Democrats in recent polls and elections .
Medina knows this .
After her speech she ended with a plea to her audience .
" We can win this race , " she said , then held up her hand and squeezed two fingers together .
" It is this close . "
Later that night , at a firemen 's association hall in the much larger city of San Antonio , Medina 's face stared down from a huge screen as she delivered a long policy monologue .
To her audience she was the very antithesis of establishment power : a heroic revolutionary , out to destroy government and bring power to the people .
" She is not a career politician .
Everything she is saying will make Texas better than what it is , " said Sergeant Shawn Mendoza , 30 , a veteran of three tours to Iraq and Afghanistan .
A few minutes later the flesh - and - blood version of Medina entered the hall .
She got a standing ovation before she had said a word .
She began her stump speech again , still wearing the outfit she had in Lytle .
But when it comes to speeches Medina is no Sarah Palin .
She has no need to write on her hand to remember her talking points .
Instead her speech was a complex walk through her extreme anti-government philosophy , citing sources as varied as the Austrian school of economics , St Augustine and modern French philosophers .
She said she wanted to get rid of property taxes and allow Texans to do whatever they wanted with anything they owned , whether that was dig for oil or build an extension .
There was , she said , no constitutional basis for a federal Department of Education or an Environmental Protection Agency or the Federal Reserve .
Texas should assert its rights almost as a nation - state , controlling over its own National Guard units .
The disdain for government was visceral .
The American way , she said , was simple .
" There are two rights essential to freedom : private property and gun ownership . "
Such thoughts find fertile ground in Texas .
This state has always had a swaggering , independent streak and a dislike for too many laws .
Medina was born on a farm near the small town of Beeville in south Texas .
She speaks with a homely Texas accent and worked as a nurse before entering politics at county level in the 1990s .
Her bid for governor was largely ignored by the media as she crisscrossed the state for 13 months , visiting small town after small town .
Gradually she crept up in the polls and forced her way into the televised debates , where she performed strongly .
Campaign money began to pour in .
One poll puts her as high as 24 % , just behind Hutchison and within reach of catching her and forcing Perry into a runoff .
Medina believes she is not really in third place , citing the fact that the polls only telephone previous Republican primary voters , whereas she is bringing in thousands of new supporters .
" I feel fantastic .
I think we can win this , " she said in Lytle .
Only once has Medina slipped up – in an interview she gave to the conservative radio host Glenn Beck .
On his show Medina was asked if she thought the US government might have had a role in the 9/11 terrorist attacks .
She replied : " I do n't . "
She then went on to expand disastrously upon that answer .
" I do n't have all the evidence there …
I think some very good questions have been raised in that regard .
There are some very good arguments and I think the American people have not seen all the evidence there , so I have not taken a position on that , " she said .
Those comments provided ample ammunition for her political rivals .
Her march forward in the polls was halted and some of her advances chipped away .
The only time Medina appeared unnerved in Lytle or San Antonio was when a woman in the audience mentioned the Beck interview and asked her if she was a " Truther " , in reference to the conspiracy theory that the government planted bombs to blow up the World Trade Centre .
Medina looked flustered and started to answer before saying suddenly : " No ! No ! " and moving on to a new question .
But such areas are the home ground of the Tea Party movement .
At almost any Tea Party event it is easy to meet Truthers or Birthers or those who believe Obama is a closet Stalinist or a Nazi or a Muslim fundamentalist or indeed all three together , no matter how blindingly contradictory such beliefs are .
In San Antonio one member of the audience wore an Oath Keepers T - shirt .
Oath Keepers are a group of veterans , soldiers or police officers who fear their own government is about to attack the American people or round up conservatives into concentration camps .
The oath they have sworn to keep is to refuse to obey such orders .
That sort of thing remains a fundamental problem for the politicians from the Tea Party seeking high office .
Calvin Jillson , a political scientist at Dallas 's Southern Methodist University , believes the Tea Party can be understood as the latest in a long line of explosions of political rage in America .
They include the Populist party that won elections in several states during the 1890s recession and the millions who voted for Ross Perot 's presidential candidacy in the 1990s .
" These things happen but they burn out like a prairie fire .
We are in the middle of it right now but when the economy picks up it will fade away , " Jillson said .
Yet the crowd in Lytle could not see any sign of economic recovery .
Their rage did not feel like it would fade away .
" I 'm so mad , it 's like chewing nails , " said Lytle businesswoman Priscilla Squires , 60 .
She saw this week 's primary as the start of fundamental change in America , while the experts say Medina 's Tea Party will crash against the barricades of the ballot box .
They are probably right .
Yet Texas has always been a little different .
" I do n't think a Medina win is likely , " said Jillson " But nothing is impossible .
This is Texas after all . "
Google ’s Android mobile operating system has been out on the streets for more than a year and has changed the smart phone market !
ChangeWave ’s December of 4,068 consumers found that the Android operating system causing a stir in the smart phone market with the Motorola Droid as the biggest and most immediate culprit .
Among those who currently own a smart phone , ChangeWave found that 4 % say they ’re currently using Google ’s Android operating system , which is a 3pt jump since their survey in September .
They also discovered that 21 % of those planning to buy a smart phone in the next 90 days say they would rather have the Android OS on their new phone , which is a gigantic 15pt jump in just three months .
Three months ago , Android OS was tied for last place in consumer ’s preferences among all the major mobile operating systems .
However , since then it has exploded into second place just behind the iPhone OS X .
The iPhone OS X remains the number one choice for operating systems but has fallen 4pts .
The Motorola Droid stands out as the biggest and the beneficiary of the growing demand for the Android OS .
Motorola is showing an enormous 12pt jump in future buying , which is the first increase for Motorola in a ChangeWave consumer smart phone survey .
The Apple iPhone continues to lead all other major cell phone manufacturers in customer satisfaction levels with 77 % of owners reporting they are very satisfied with their iPhone OS X. Android ranks second with 72 % saying they are very satisfied .
Personally , prior to my Motorola Droid , I was the owner of a Blackberry Storm and I am now 100 % satisfied with my Droid as compared to the 10 % satisfaction level I had with my Storm .
What are your thoughts ?
Are you happy with your Android device or looking to switch to one due to dissatisfaction with a different OS ?
[ via ChangeWave | AndroidGuys ]
Pin Share Email 0 Shares
Over the past week we ’ve been writing quite a bit about retirement accounts , which ones are better for different situations , and talking about what the Roth IRA contribution limits are .
Now I want to talk about another hot topic in retirement accounts , the 2010 Roth IRA conversion .
In case you have n’t heard all the buzz , this year marks a one time Roth IRA conversion event in which people can convert their traditional IRA ’s , SEP IRA ’s , Simple IRA ’s , old 401 k ’s , old 403 b ’s into a tax free Roth IRA account .
Because of the conversion event , waves of people are expected to take advantage this year and convert their traditional taxable investment accounts into tax free Roth IRA accounts .
Is It A Good Idea To Convert My Traditional IRA To A Roth IRA ?
Before you even go down the road of converting your traditional taxable accounts , you ’ll need to think about whether or not converting them is a good idea for your situation .
There has been a lot of talk about it throughout the blogosphere , with some saying it ’s a great idea for most to have their money grow tax free , while others are n’t as enthused because it seems like a way for the government to collect tomorrow ’s tax income today , at a higher rate .
As always consulting a financial professional before you make any moves is a good idea .
Among the things you need to consider :
Do I want to pay tax now or later ?
Depending on what your tax rate is currently vs. when you retire , your amount of tax can vary quite a bit .
The problem is , it can be hard to guess what tax bracket you ’ll fall into in the future , much less predict if tax rates will go up in the future .
?
Depending on what your tax rate is currently vs. when you retire , your amount of tax can vary quite a bit .
The problem is , it can be hard to guess what tax bracket you ’ll fall into in the future , much less predict if tax rates will go up in the future .
Is my income too high to contribute or convert to a Roth IRA in the future ?
If you want to do a bit of tax diversification and your income is currently too high to contribute to a Roth IRA , this year may be one of your few chances to convert your traditional taxable account to a Roth .
If you want to do a bit of tax diversification and your income is currently too high to contribute to a Roth IRA , this year may be one of your few chances to convert your traditional taxable account to a Roth .
Do I want to spread out my tax liability from converting ?
As part of the conversion event people who convert will be able to spread out their tax liability over 2011 and 2012 .
Benefits Of The 2010 Roth IRA Converson
There are quite a few benefits of converting to a Roth IRA this year
$ 100,000 AGI rule removed : 2010 is big for so many because the $ 100,000 MAGI rule is lifted , making a conversion possible for even higher earning singles and couples .
Previously only singles and married couples making less than $ 100,000 were able to convert .
: 2010 is big for so many because the $ 100,000 MAGI rule is lifted , making a conversion possible for even higher earning singles and couples .
Previously only singles and married couples making less than $ 100,000 were able to convert .
Tax does n’t have to be paid 2010 : 2010 is the year that you ’ll actually convert to the Roth IRA , but the income to be claimed on your taxes is able to be deferred until 2011 and 2012 .
You can claim 50 % of the conversion amount as income in 2011 and the other 50 % in 2012 .
Remember , this stipulation is only good for the 2010 tax year , and then goes away .
: 2010 is the year that you ’ll actually convert to the Roth IRA , but the income to be claimed on your taxes is able to be deferred until 2011 and 2012 .
You can claim 50 % of the conversion amount as income in 2011 and the other 50 % in 2012 .
Remember , this stipulation is only good for the 2010 tax year , and then goes away .
You can convert a 401k directly to a Roth IRA :
If you have a 401 k from an old employer , or another old retirement account , you can convert those this year as well .
: If you have a 401 k from an old employer , or another old retirement account , you can convert those this year as well .
Tax free growth of assets , and tax free withdrawals : Converting means the money will grow tax free , and wo n’t have minimum distribution requirements once you turn 70 1/2 .
Contribution Income Limitations Still Exist For New Roth IRA Contributions
Even though high income earners can convert their existing retirement accounts in 2010 , that does n’t mean that new contributions to their converted Roth IRA are allowed .
If you ’re over the IRA contribution phase out limits , you wo n’t be able to make new contributions to your Roth IRA .
How To Convert To A Roth IRA
Converting your IRA to a Roth IRA is going to be very similar to rolling over an account from an old 401 k to a rollover IRA .
If you ’re not changing brokers or investment houses it may be as simple as filling out a form .
The key is to contact a financial professional who can give you advice for your specific situation .
Are you going to be rolling over a Traditional IRA into a Roth IRA this year ?
If so , do you plan on deferring the taxable income into 2011 and 2012 ?
If not , why are you decided not to convert ?
Tell us your story in the comments .
Pin Share Email 0 Shares
AUBURN HILLS , Mich . -- LeBron James was shaky early and spectacular late .
James had 29 points , 12 rebounds and 12 assists for his fourth triple - double of the season , lifting the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 113-101 victory over the Detroit Pistons on Tuesday night .
" Every point , rebound and assist was needed , " Cavs coach Mike Brown said .
The final score was relatively lopsided , but the game was n't .
There were 10 lead changes and 21 ties , the last one with 4:44 left .
The Cavs closed the game by outscoring Detroit 19 - 7 , thanks in large part to James .
He set up Mo Williams for a tiebreaking 3 - pointer with a sharp pass from the top of the key to the right corner , then grabbed a rebound , charged up the court and made a drop pass to Anderson Varejao for a five - point cushion .
The Pistons would n't go away , pulling within three points three times , before James blocked a shot and made consecutive jumpers to seal the win .
" The guy 's not human , " said Detroit 's Will Bynum , adding he thought James got away with goaltending on his layup with 1 1/2 minutes left .
" When he gets rolling , you just want to try to stop his teammates and hope that 's enough . "
Those teammates led the way when the superstar had as many turnovers ( three ) as points late in the first quarter and just five points at halftime .
Williams finished with 20 points , Antawn Jamison had 15 points and 10 rebounds , and reserve Jawad Williams added 10 points .
James missed 10 - of - 15 shots over the first three quarters and was 5 for 7 in the final one as he added four assists and three rebounds to his total for his 28th career triple - double .
" In the fourth quarter , we made our mark , " he said .
" That 's closeout time for me . "
He said triple - doubles are " absolutely " his favorite accomplishment other than winning .
" That means you 're doing everything your team needs to win basketball games , " James said .
" That is one of the best things you can have as an individual . "
Adding to his highlight reel , James had a three - point play that ended with a layup after Tayshaun Prince 's foul just inside the 3 - point line .
" I 'm not surprised by any call in the NBA any more , but you also have to give him some credit , " Bynum said .
" There 's probably no one else on Earth who could have even gotten a shot off like that . "
Cleveland has won four in a row and lost only one of its last 11 games , improving to an NBA - best 53 - 15 .
Richard Hamilton had 24 points and was one of six Pistons who scored in double figures .
Detroit has dropped lost three straight and 10 of 12 .
The Pistons , unlike recent games , were very competitive until James took over in the fourth quarter .
" We were trying to redeem ourselves , so this is very frustrating , " said Charlie Villanueva , who scored 16 points .
" It 's encouraging to see us compete like this , but it is still another loss . "
Prince had 15 points and matched a season high with eight assists , Bynum had 12 points , rookie Jonas Jerebko scored 10 points and Jason Maxiell had 10 points and 15 rebounds .
The score was tied after the first quarter , the Pistons led by two at halftime and by one entering the final period .
" We know we can play with any team in the league , and tonight proved that again , " Bynum said .
" We just have to play like this and finish the games . "
Game notes
The Pistons hope Rodney Stuckey can practice Thursday and play the next day , two weeks after he collapsed on the bench at Cleveland .
Doctors cleared Stuckey for exercise last week after extensive cardiac tests .
...
Cavs G Delonte
West out of the lineup as a precaution because of a sprained knee .
...
Shaquille O'Neal had the cast removed from his severely sprained his thumb on Monday , but the Cavs will not rush him back onto the court .
...
Pistons C Ben
Wallace did not play because of an injured right knee and is day to day .
..
The Cavs , 27 - 7 in 2010 , have a chance to be the first team to have the best regular - season records in consecutive seasons since Chicago did it during the 1995 - 96 and 1996 - 97 seasons .
...
The Cavs have won 23 in a row against teams with losing records since a loss on Nov. 18 against Washington .
Tune in to CNN all this week for a special series , " Broken Government "
Washington ( CNN ) --
Two - thirds of Americans think that the Republicans in Congress are not doing enough to cooperate with President Obama , according to a new national poll .
But a CNN / Opinion Research Corp. survey , released Wednesday , also indicates the public believes the Democrats should be the ones to take the first step toward bipartisan cooperation and they want the Democrats to give up more than the GOP to reach a consensus .
Sixty - seven percent of respondents say the GOP is not doing enough to cooperate with the White House , up 6 points from last April .
Americans appear split on whether the president is doing enough to reach out to Republicans , with 52 percent saying Obama is not doing enough to cooperate with the GOP , while 47 percent say he is doing enough to reach across the political aisle .
The 52 percent who say the president 's not doing enough to encourage bipartisanship is up 16 points from last April .
" That 's a big change from last spring , when Obama was still in the honeymoon phase of his first term , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland .
" Congressional Republicans were familiar to Americans , but Obama was new to them , so his early attempts to reach out to the GOP continued to resonate even after it became clear that bipartisanship was not within easy reach . "
Even though more people think Republicans are not doing enough to reach bipartisan consensus , 54 percent believe the Democratic party should take the first step toward developing bipartisan solutions to the country 's problems , the survey says .
Forty - two percent say the GOP should take that first step .
Just over half of those questioned say the Democrats should give up more ground to achieve bipartisanship , while 43 percent want to see the GOP make more compromises .
" Americans feel the ball is in the Democrats ' court , " Holland added .
" They may not be held responsible for the problem , but since they are in charge of the government , Americans appear to think they are responsible for the solution . "
According to CNN poll numbers released Sunday , Americans overwhelmingly think that the government in this country is broken , but the public overwhelmingly holds out hope that what 's broken can be fixed .
The CNN / Opinion Research Corp. poll was conducted February 12 - 15 , with 1,023 adult Americans questioned by telephone .
The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points for the overall survey .
CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .
This Blog
has been moved to new address
http://www.madrasgeek.com
Sorry for inconvenience ...
Willie Adams , a Black farmer in Greene County , Ga. , hailed President Obama ’s $ 1.25 billion proposed settlement of a lawsuit by Black farmers demanding compensation for 80 years of racist discrimination in federal farm loan programs .
“ It ’s long overdue , ” said Adams in a telephone interview with peoplesworld.org , Feb. 22 .
Adams grows beef cattle , poultry and vegetables on his organic farm where he was born .
His grandfather bought the place in 1938 under a New Deal program initiated by President Franklin D. Roosevelt .
Under the proposed settlement , announced by Agriculture Secretary , Tom Vilsack , Feb. 18 , each Black farmer could receive $ 50,000 under an expedited settlement process or more if they fill out a more lengthy application .
“ President Obama wants to settle this , ” Adams said .
“ The administration has to get approval from the House and Senate .
With all the cutbacks , I ’m afraid .
We have to let the lawmakers know that we want this settlement funded . ”
Adams , active in the National Black Farmers Association ( NBFA ) , was an initiator of the first lawsuit filed by 16,000 Black farmers in 1997 .
A federal judge ordered the Agriculture Department to pay $ 1 billion to Black farmers for decades of discrimination in which Black farmers suffered long delays or outright rejection of their applications for federal loans .
Adams application for that first settlement was denied .
“ I think the U.S. Department of Agriculture discriminated against us because we started the lawsuit , ” he said .
“ I hope they pick up all those farmers who were excluded in the first settlement .
I will go with the streamlined process to get the $ 50,000 . ”
NBFA President John W. Boyd Jr. said the settlement is not enough to restore Black farmers to the land they lost from discrimination “ but it will help them have some comfort in their final years . ”
Rep. Barbara Lee , D- Calif. , voiced hope that the settlement will help stop the hemorrhage in which half the nation ’s Black farmers have lost their farms in the past twenty years .
Adams pointed out that African Americans have tilled the soil , planted and picked the tobacco and cotton since they arrived in chains in this country in 1619 .
“ We have been involved in agriculture since slavery , ” he said .
“ We were promised forty - acres and a mule under Reconstruction which we never received .
We were the sharecroppers . ”
Millions of Black farmers have been driven from their farms by discrimination both private sector and government , Adams said .
“ Here in Greene County there were about 200 Black farmers in the 1930s and 1940s .
Now there are two full - time Black farmers in my county . ”
Adams expressed hope that with the surging popular demand for local , organic , food , more youth , including Black youth , decide to go into agriculture .
“ I hope we have a chance to visit First Lady Michelle Obama and see the garden she started at the White House , with her ideal of encouraging people to eat more fresh fruits and vegetables . ”
Adams stressed that a victory for Black farmers is a victory for all family and independent farmers .
Encouraged by the success of the National Black Farmers Association , Native American Indians have filed suit against oil and mining companies charging these giants with swindling them of billions of dollars in royalties .
Latino and women farmers are also suing the federal government for discrimination .
“ I support the Native American Indians , ” Adams said .
“ They should be made whole for the discrimination they suffered .
The same for Hispanic and women farmers , all family farmers .
We need to work together more .
We gain strength from working together .
We are all involved in food production . ”
Photo : http://lawsuit by Black farmers /
Yesterday I posted to proggit , hackernews and dzone my little weekend Python / Django project , hackurls.com , providing source code too , and I had unespected results .
I was bored of common feed readers layouts , and I could n’t use anymore popurls.com that everytime shows billions of not Tech related news and flickering javascript tips .
So I decided to open my own version targeted to nerds and programmer , aggregating HN , proggit , hackaday and so on , to watch in one shot all the news I care .
I used it for some days , adjusting little stuff here and there , and I found it very comfortable .
It ’s quite amazing , in a day a hackurls got 15000 visits , 9000 unique visitors , 10 Euros of Adsense .
I expected 10 visitors …
And people wrote me to tell they like it and yet use it as homepage , or to request new features they would like , or because they just needed help making my source run .
A guy asked me if I could sell him the the whole piece of software .
Opensource works .
Technically hackurls is just a python script running in crontab every X minutes on a Linode VPS ( 20 $ for one month ) that compiles an HTML page with a lots of news and thumbnails images got from feeds .
The generated pages are served statically by a cherokee webserver .
In this way a can manage a lots of users with a single vps .
It costed me totally around 50 $ with the domain registration .
Now I ’ll try to go on improving the service , listening to users needs .
Especially I ’m actually trying to collect also programming jobs from many feeds ; you can see a preview here : www.hackurls.com/jobs.html .
Soon I ’ll include search functionality so you can find old news in all the news sources , and also find hacker jobs in tens of websites .
If you have any suggestion , write me to vuotomeccanico on gmail .
Thank you all !
Dear Friend ,
Thank you for signing the petition to protect our democracy by ensuring that free speech rights are for people , not corporations .
Twelve days ago , the United States Supreme Court issued a ruling striking at the heart of our democracy .
The Court disregarded more than a century of precedent and ruled that our Constitution prevents the American people from regulating corporate money in our elections and politics .
That ’s wrong and we do n’t buy it .
And twelve days ago , we stood up to fight back .
Thousands of you joined us in our call for a constitutional amendment to defend our democracy and to restore the First Amendment to its intended purpose : to protect people , not corporations .
And , today , Congresswoman Donna Edwards of Maryland has introduced a constitutional amendment to overturn the Court ’s ruling .
Joined by Congressman John Conyers , Jr. of Michigan , the chair of the House Judiciary Committee , the Edwards amendment will ensure that Congress and the states may prohibit corporations from spending their funds for political activity .
CLICK HERE to watch this interview with Congresswoman Edwards discussing her constitutional amendment .
And CLICK HERE to see our press release applauding her introduction of this amendment .
The Framers of the Constitution intended the First Amendment to protect the rights of citizens , everyday people , not corporations .
Corporations are not people .
They are artificial entities created by the state with state - based advantages .
In fact , the recent ruling will certainly drown out the voices of the very citizens the First Amendment was meant to protect .
We as a nation have amended the United States Constitution before .
Twenty - seven times .
That history includes amendments in response to US Supreme Court rulings directly threatening the democratic process .
The Court ’s ruling in Citizens United v. FEC demands a similar constitutional amendment response .
But to do this , we need to build a broad - based democracy movement .
You can help make this happen .
Ways to Get Involved Forward this email to at least 10 or more of your friends urging that they join us and sign the petition
Contact your Member of Congress in the House of Representatives and United States Senate , about the Edwards amendment .
Organize a local amendment committee .
Donate to support this campaign .
Follow Free Speech for People on Twitter and Facebook to receive the latest news on the campaign .
CLICK HERE to find out other ways to get involved .
Together , we will reclaim our First Amendment and our democracy .
Thank you .
The Free Speech for People Campaign http://FreeSpeechforPeople.org
In this post I 'll derive the Y - combinator and explain all the steps taken .
The key to understanding the Y - combinator is knowing precisely what it does .
I am sure many people never understand Y - combinator because of this very reason , or because the introduction is too lengthy to comprehend .
Therefore I 'll give the shortest possible explanation of Y - combinator before I derive it so that you know what the end result should be .
The Y - combinator allows an anonymous function to call itself , that is , it allows anonymous function recursion .
Since anonymous functions do n't have names , they can't refer to themselves easily .
The Y - combinator is a clever construct helps them to refer to themselves .
That 's it .
That 's all the Y - combinator does .
Remember that .
I 'll use the Scheme programming language to derive the Y - combinator .
My derivation is based on the one in " The Little Schemer " book .
I took the examples from the book , filled in the missing steps and explained the steps in more details .
Here it is .
Suppose we want to write the length function , which , given a list , returns the number of elements in it .
It 's really easy if we can give the function a name :
( define length ( lambda ( list ) ( cond ( ( null ? list ) 0 ) ( else ( add1 ( length ( cdr list ) ) ) ) ) ) )
But now suppose that we can't give names - we can only use anonymous functions :
( lambda ( list ) ( cond ( ( null ? list ) 0 ) ( else ( add1 ( ??? ( cdr list ) ) ) ) ) ) )
Suddenly there is no way this anonymous function can refer to itself .
What do we put in ??? ?
We can't refer to the name length anymore because it's an anonymous function , which does n't have any name .
One thing we can try is to put the function itself in the place of ??? :
( lambda ( list ) ( cond ( ( null ? list ) 0 ) ( else ( add1 ( ( lambda ( list ) ; the ( cond ; ( ( null ? list ) 0 ) ; function ( else ; ( add1 ( ??? ( cdr list ) ) ) ) ) ) ; itself ( cdr list ) ) ) ) ) )
This is not much better , we are still left with ??? .
But there is a bright side to it , this function can determine lengths of lists with one element and no elements .
Let 's try inserting the same anonymous function in place of ??? again :
( lambda ( list ) ( cond ( ( null ? list ) 0 ) ( else ( add1 ( ( lambda ( list ) ( cond ( ( null ? list ) 0 ) ( else ( add1 ( ( lambda ( list ) ( cond ( ( null ? list ) 0 ) ( else ( add1 ( ??? ( cdr list ) ) ) ) ) ) ( cdr list ) ) ) ) ) ) ( cdr list ) ) ) ) ) )
Now this function can determine lengths of lists with 0 , 1 and 2 elements .
If we continue this way , we can construct the length function for lists with a certain number of elements .
But this is not what we want , we the real length function that works for lists with any number of elements .
As we all know , repeating code is not a good thing .
Let 's try to factor out the repetitions and rewrite the original anonymous function slightly .
Instead of leaving ??? in the code , let 's pass it to an anonymous function via an argument called length .
( ( lambda ( length ) ( lambda ( list ) ( cond ( ( null ? list ) 0 ) ( else ( add1 ( length ( cdr list ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ???)
Notice that this code invokes the first lambda ( length ) function and passes it ??? as the length argument .
This function in turn returns the original anonymous function :
( lambda ( list ) ( cond ( ( null ? list ) 0 ) ( else ( add1 ( ??? ( cdr list ) ) ) ) ) )
Now let 's try constructing the previous two length functions that work for lists with a maximum of one and two elements .
First the function for lists with a maximum of one element :
( ( lambda ( f ) ( lambda ( list ) ( cond ( ( null ? list ) 0 ) ( else ( add1 ( f ( cdr list ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( ( lambda ( g ) ( lambda ( list ) ( cond ( ( null ? list ) 0 ) ( else ( add1 ( g ( cdr list ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ??? ) )
Here ??? first gets passed to lambda ( g ) , which returns the original anonymous function , which then gets passed to lambda ( f ) , which in turn returns the function that works for lists with one element :
( lambda ( list ) ( cond ( ( null ? list ) 0 ) ( else ( add1 ( ( lambda ( list ) ( cond ( ( null ? list ) 0 ) ( else ( add1 ( ??? ( cdr list ) ) ) ) ) ) ( cdr list ) ) ) ) ) )
Similarly , the following code returns a function that works for lists with a maximum of two elements :
( ( lambda ( f ) ( lambda ( list ) ( cond ( ( null ? list ) 0 ) ( else ( add1 ( f ( cdr list ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( ( lambda ( g ) ( lambda ( list ) ( cond ( ( null ? list ) 0 ) ( else ( add1 ( g ( cdr list ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( ( lambda ( h ) ( lambda ( list ) ( cond ( ( null ? list ) 0 ) ( else ( add1 ( h ( cdr list ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ??? ) ) )
Since the argument names f , g , h in ( lambda ( f ) ... ) , ( lambda ( g ) ... ) , ( lambda ( h ) ... ) are independent , we can rename all of them to length , to make it look more similar to the length function :
( ( lambda ( length ) ( lambda ( list ) ( cond ( ( null ? list ) 0 ) ( else ( add1 ( length ( cdr list ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( ( lambda ( length ) ( lambda ( list ) ( cond ( ( null ? list ) 0 ) ( else ( add1 ( length ( cdr list ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( ( lambda ( length ) ( lambda ( list ) ( cond ( ( null ? list ) 0 ) ( else ( add1 ( length ( cdr list ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ??? ) ) )
We are still repeating code .
The obvious thing we can do about it is create an anonymous function called mk - length ( make length ) that creates this code for us :
( ( lambda ( mk- length ) ( mk- length ??? ) ) ( lambda ( length ) ( lambda ( list ) ( cond ( ( null ? list ) 0 ) ( else ( add1 ( length ( cdr list ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
This is pretty tricky .
Observe how ( lambda ( mk- length ) ... ) gets the ( lambda ( length ) ... ) function passed as the mk - length argument , which in turn accepts ??? as an argument and returns our original anonymous function :
( lambda ( list ) ( cond ( ( null ? list ) 0 ) ( else ( add1 ( ??? ( cdr list ) ) ) ) ) )
Now let 's try constructing length functions for lists of length one and two .
For the list of length one , we just need to apply mk - length on itself :
( ( lambda ( mk- length ) ( < span style= " color : green " > mk-length</span></code > ( < span style= " color:blue " > mk-length</span > ??? ) ) ) ( lambda ( length ) ( lambda ( list ) ( cond ( ( null ? list ) 0 ) ( else ( add1 ( length ( cdr list ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
Let 's go through this code .
First ( lambda ( length ) ... ) gets passed to the lambda ( mk- length ) function as the mk- length argument .
Then it applies the result of ( mk- length ??? ) ( which is the original anonymous function ) to the mk- length .
This produces our well known function that works on lists with one or none elements :
( lambda ( list ) ( cond ( ( null ? list ) 0 ) ( else ( add1 ( ( lambda ( list ) ( cond ( ( null ? list ) 0 ) ( else ( add1 ( ??? ( cdr list ) ) ) ) ) ) ( cdr list ) ) ) ) ) )
Similarly , by adding another call to mk - length , we get the function that works for lists with two or less elements :
( ( lambda ( mk- length ) ( mk - length ( mk- length ( mk- length ??? ) ) ) ( lambda ( length ) ( lambda ( list ) ( cond ( ( null ? list ) 0 ) ( else ( add1 ( length ( cdr list ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
Now , since we do n't know what ??? is , let 's just call it mk - length and see what happens :
( ( lambda ( mk- length ) ( mk - length mk - length ) ) ( lambda ( length ) ( lambda ( list ) ( cond ( ( null ? list ) 0 ) ( else ( add1 ( length ( cdr list ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
Nothing bad actually happens , we still get the same original anonymous function , except in place of ???
we have the function :
( lambda ( length ) ( lambda ( list ) ( cond ( ( null ? list ) 0 ) ( else ( add1 ( length ( cdr list ) ) ) ) ) ) )
Notice also that argument names mk - length and length in lambda ( mk- length ) and lambda ( length ) are independent .
Therefore we can rename length to mk - length to remind that the first argument to mk - length is mk - length :
( ( lambda ( mk- length ) ( mk - length mk - length ) ) ( lambda ( mk- length ) ( lambda ( list ) ( cond ( ( null ? list ) 0 ) ( else ( add1 ( < span style = " color : green " > mk-length </ span > ( cdr list ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
And now comes the key trick .
We replace mk - length with a self - application ( mk - length mk - length ) :
( ( lambda ( mk- length ) ( mk - length mk - length ) ) ( lambda ( mk- length ) ( lambda ( list ) ( cond ( ( null ? list ) 0 ) ( else ( add1 ( ( mk - length mk - length ) ( cdr list ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
If you try this code out , you 'll see that it returns the length of a list for any list .
Here is an example of applying it to a list of 10 elements :
( ( ( lambda ( mk- length ) ( mk - length mk - length ) ) ( lambda ( mk- length ) ( lambda ( list ) ( cond ( ( null ? list ) 0 ) ( else ( add1 ( ( mk - length mk - length ) ( cdr list ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) '( a b c d e f g h i j ) )
The function works because it keeps adding recursive uses by passing mk - length to itself , just as it is about to expire .
This is not yet the Y - combinator , but we have successfully managed to recursively call an anonymous function .
Now we need to massage the code a bit to separate the anonymous function from the self - applicative code .
The first step is to move the self - applicative code out as much as possible :
( ( lambda ( mk- length ) ( mk - length mk - length ) ) ( lambda ( mk- length ) < strong > ( ( lambda ( length ) ( lambda ( list ) ( cond ( ( null ? list ) 0 ) ( else ( add1 ( length ( cdr list ) ) ) ) ) ) ) </ strong > ( lambda ( x ) ( ( mk - length mk - length ) x ) ) ) ) )
Now the code in bold looks very much like the length function we need !
Let 's move it outside as well :
( ( lambda ( le ) ( ( lambda ( mk- length ) ( mk - length mk - length ) ) ( lambda ( mk- length ) ( le ( lambda ( x ) ( ( mk - length mk - length ) x ) ) ) ) ) ) < strong >( lambda ( length ) ( lambda ( list ) ( cond ( ( null ? list ) 0 ) ( else ( add1 ( length ( cdr list ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) </ strong >
There we have it !
The anonymous length function has been separated from the self - applicative call .
The code in bold is the length function , and the code not - in - bold is the Y - combinator !
Now let 's rename mk - length to f and join the lines to make it more compact :
( ( lambda ( le ) ( ( lambda ( f ) ( f f ) ) ( lambda ( f ) ( le ( lambda ( x ) ( ( f f ) x ) ) ) ) ) ) ( lambda ( length ) ( lambda ( list ) ( cond ( ( null ? list ) 0 ) ( else ( add1 ( length ( cdr list ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
And we are done .
We can now write down the definition of Y - combinator :
( define Y ( lambda ( le ) ( ( lambda ( f ) ( f f ) ) ( lambda ( f ) ( le ( lambda ( x ) ( ( f f ) x ) ) ) ) ) ) )
And we can apply it to our anonymous length function :
( ( Y ( lambda ( length ) ( lambda ( list ) ( cond ( ( null ? list ) 0 ) ( else ( add1 ( length ( cdr list ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) '( a b c d e f g h i j ) ) ; ==> 10
This is one of many derivations of the applicative - order Y - combinator .
See the publication " The Why of Y " for another derivation .
ORMUS Plants
by Dana Dudley
It is a proprietary product made starting with Great Salt Lake Wet Method precipitate and including various " charging " methods which include Sonic Bloom type sound resonances .
The folks who produce the product have their own name for it and are reluctant to reveal details of how it is made and used .
You will find information on how to get the product that was used by these agricultural experimenters from links at the bottom of this page . ]
Large Study in China
Professor Hou Tian Zhen , the director of the Department of Tree Physiology and Biochemistry at the Xinjiang Academy of Forestry Sciences in the People ’s Republic of China , led a team of researchers evaluating the use of it in three separate experiments .
In 1989 , the first experiment , conducted in the greenhouse at the An-ning Experiment Station , tomatoes treated with it averaged nearly double the number of flowers per plant and 27 % more fruit .
In 1990 , a field experiment at the An-ning Experiment Station demonstrated that the treated green beans increased yields by 81 % , sweet beets yields increased 67 % , and soybeans increased 29 % .
In 1991 a large - scale field experiment was conducted using watermelon plots 300 meters apart in a field at the An-ning Experiment Station .
Treated melons yielded 65 % more than the control group .
Professor
Zhen noted the hypotheses that might explain the mechanism of yield increase .
While some scholars suggest it might effect the wider opening of the stomata ( pores in the under side of the leaf through which gases flow in and out of the plant ) , another explanation was given by Dr. San Lunjing , professor at Zao - Dao - Tian University in Japan .
He suggested the bioelectrical potential is shafted when the plant receives the stimulation .
The shaft , in turn , generates ionic flow and such ionic flow stimulates cells resulting in optimized growth .
“ In our cooperative research in plant control systems with Qing Hua University , China , we were able to detect the sound produced by Haiyu plant using a laser resonation method .
We also found that a plant can selectively absorb sound waves at a certain frequency …
Our research is underway to investigate changes in plant photorespiration , enzyme activity , and hormones when a plant is exposed to sound wave stimulation .
Alfalfa
Harold Aungst , a Pennsylvania alfalfa grower using our technology has won every contest in his county for growth and nutrition , with 29 % protein , the most tons per acre and five cuttings instead of three .
He got 7.6 tons / Acre the first year using this technology , nearly double the state average of 3.4 tons / Acre .
The second year that increased to 10 tons / Acre , triple the state average .
Use of this new technology treated hay resulted in a 30 % increase in milk production .
“ We ’ve had alfalfa , the first cutting here , average about 3 feet tall .
This [ third cutting ] is pushing 3 ’ now and we had the same for the second cutting .
You normally would just have maybe 1 ½’ alfalfa and it would n’t be so healthy .
We had a test run at Agricultural Days over at Penn State and it tested 29 % protein and just about 80 % total digestible nutrient [ TDN ] .
The average protein would be anywhere from 19 - 22 and the average TDN … once you ’re above 70 you ’re considered high . ”
“ The cows now eat up the stems and all where in other years [ not using this ] they ’d let them lay .
The cow ’s nose is a good barometer of how good the hay is .
If you throw down this hay with hay from somebody else ’s farm , I ’ll guarantee ‘ ya they ’ll pick this hay every time . ”
Aaron Zimmerman , a Mennonite farmer found his alfalfa crop increased from 37 bales / acre to 93 bales / acre after using it .
Farmers in Minnesota using it on their hay crop during a two - year drought reported harvesting a hay crop when their neighbors were getting nothing .
Apples
Wilson Mills of Circle K Apple Orchard in Wisconsin using it since 1989 gets more fruit , partly because the branches are stronger and more supple , making unnecessary the artificial thinning of the fruit .
This is due , in part , to the 1200 % increase in the nutritional uptake of zinc , 400 % in iron , 326 % in chromium , and 120 % in potassium .
Apples are larger and mature 2 - 3 weeks early obtaining a premium price .
An early harvest alone doubles the value of the crop .
He doubled his harvest every year for the first 8 years , had triple the normal fruit set and record sugar content .
“ The state average yield per acre is 290 bushels .
While using it our average yield per acre has been over 400 bushels per acre . ”
“ Three weeks before harvest , the sugar content is 12 % .
Eight percent is acceptable ….
Because we ’re three weeks early we ’ll be able to get twice the normal price for this apple at the wholesale level .
That alone will pay for the cost of the application of it .
We have 40 Acres here with 11 different varieties .
All of them will come in 2 - 3 weeks early this year . ” [ 1996 ]
“ Our finished fruit when compared with the same varieties from other local orchards averages 10 % to 15 % higher sugar content … .
Our fruit hold up longer in storage after harvest than similar fruit from surrounding orchards .
Typically we can maintain good quality apples for over 5 months . ”
“ We have found that when using it we are able to reduce the recommended volume per acre of chemical by 50 % without losing any effectiveness in pest control . "
“ From time to time soil tests and leaf analysis are run on the orchard and in the past 6 years we have not needed to apply any additional nutrients other than it . ”
In 1992 , JoAnn Mahaffey of Stone Ground Farm in Ontario , Canada showed a 50 % yield increase over controls even though the latter were close by and received the advantage of sound .
“ Most impressive to me , was the fact that when these apples [ Ida Red ] were taken out of C.A. storage in April , we were able to pack out 95 % of the test bins . ”
Charles Dodge in Arkansas said , " I have four young apple trees on my property that I planted three years ago .
I do n’t care who the experts are — they will all tell you the trees are 7 - 10 years old ! "
Aaron Zimmerman , a Mennonite farmer planted fruit trees but had no fruit .
“ After spraying with it they produced their first crop .
Using our treatment , John Fergusson of Orange , New South Wales , Australia obtained 160 % yield increase in plums , 130 % yield increase in nectarines , and 100 % in apples .
All were larger , had increased sugar , and a longer shelf life .
Avocados
" Avocadoes inside the canopy were as big as softballs .
They would n’t fit the avocado picking basket . ”
Bananas
A banana plantation in Okinawa reported a 100 % increase in yield and reduced maturation time by 35 % .
Beans ( Green )
In 1990 , a field experiment at the An-ning Experiment Station demonstrated that the treated green beans increased yields by 81 % .
Beets ( Sweet )
In 1990 , a field experiment at the An-ning Experiment Station demonstrated that the treated sweet beets yields increased 67 % .
Blueberries
Their blueberry bushes are ready for picking 10 - 14 days earlier than normal , and their flavor is exceptionally sweet .
" What would you say about it overall ? ”
Mr. Dodge says , “ Everything it touches grows better … .
Everyone who gardens without it is working against themselves ….. "
Cauliflower
Cauliflower grown with it are so big that only four will fit in a box designed for 12 .
Coffee
It has increased coffee production by over 50% - 100 % , with better taste , bigger beans , and 80 % Fancy or Gourmet quality when environmental stress has caused 80 % empty pods on other nearby farms .
Young plants yield 1/3 earlier than normal and the harvest is more uniform in maturity so that fewer pickings are necessary .
Susan Ferrell on the Kona Coast of Hawaii said they ’ve proved to themselves it is in the germination rate with is the highest I have ever seen in coffee seedlings ( 98 % ) . "
Michelle of Kona Kalonna Farms found , in addition , that a large percentage of the beans were " pea berries , " whole , un - halved beans that make the very best coffee .
A coffee grower in Puerto Rico said that , " We have seen an increase in the volume of product per tree , an earlier maturity , and 3 - year old trees in full production .
Because of uniform maturation , the beans are picked only 3 times saving labor costs . "
Corn
Raul Mendez of Quimcasa , Huixiquilucan , Mexico on his 5000 - acre plantation of organic vegetables and field crops had over 300 bushels of corn / acre and 137 bushels / acre soybeans using it ( USA average is 40 - 45 bu /a ) .
The percentage of the corn population with two ears / plant increased from 20 % to 60 % with some plants bearing 7 - 9 ears / plant -- filled out to the tip .
Often 2 or more stalks emerged from the same seed Mr. Mendez added , “ We have only 15 [ seed ] rows in the control and 20 rows in corn treated with it . ”
The protein content of the corn was increased .
In field tests in Laguna , Mexico , treated corn yielded 250 - bu / a , compared to 200 - bu / a ( the Best in Mexico ) , and the Mexico average of 83.33 bu /
a
Jess Kufahl in the Upper Midwest reported ears fuller , 2 , 3 , 4 ears / stalk with many double stalks from the same seed .
Corn ( Sweet )
Wayne Zunker said upon telling his buddies about what he was doing said , “ Couple of my friends kinda looked at me and started to walk away .
‘ There ’s something wrong with that guy . ’
But it worked !
It definitely worked ….
That ’s amazing . ”
Of his sweet corn production : “ We had a pretty good crop last year , but nothing like this .
Four stalks off one seed ?
That ’s pretty good .
Most of these have 3 stalks and I know I used only one kernel !
I planted them myself . "
Gerry Carlson of BioResearch Farms in Cedar Falls , Iowa reported a controlled study of Illini “ Ivory and Gold ” sweet corn with treatment .
The July 24th harvest totals were 467 lbs treated to 359 untreated and 691 ears treated to 507 untreated .
On July 29 the harvest totals were 182 lbs treated to 94 untreated with 147 ears treated to 124 untreated .
“ The increases for total pounds of production are consistent with earlier work in 1984 and 1985 on soybeans and vegetables . ”
“ One of the interesting aspects is the number of ears which reached market size .
The treated plants generated more double ears and pushed them to maturity . ”
Cotton
Tests at Texas A&M showed treated cotton plants produced 1/3 more lint , larger bolls and larger seeds .
Cranberries
Nathaniel Shurtleff , Jr. Fox Island Cranberry Corporation , South Carver , Massachusetts , a cranberry grower for over 60 years has 21 acres of cranberries .
He says he has never seen anything like the increase in quantity and quality .
The sugar content of 8.92 was much higher than normal .
In 1996 before using it , their yield was 126 barrels / acre , a $ 10,000 / acre gross profit .
In 1997 they treated their crop with it and increased their yield to 209 barrels / acre , a $ 16,700 / acre gross profit .
The additional $ 600 in costs for treatment obtained a net gain of $ 6,000 / acre .
For 21 acres that is a net gain of $ 126.000 .
Bob Perry of Perry Cranberries in South Carver , Massachusetts found that fairy rings disappeared and no fungicide was used on his crop .
Cucumbers
500 cucumber seeds soaked in a 500 - 1 solution , matured from seed to harvest in 40 days , producing 7,600 lbs of gourmet cucumbers .
They had to be picked daily over a period of 36 days lest they grow too long to fit the 20 inch packing boxes .
“ These plants were set outside here the same day .
What I ’d like to point out here is the difference in the size of the growth of these plants as we get away from the sound of the ‘ music ’ or oscillators in the greenhouse .
As we go down the field here , the farther away we get , the smaller the plants become . ”
Great Salt Lake precipitate grown cucumbers
Flowers
Brian is a successful , experienced commercial flower grower in New South Wales , Australia .
Skeptical that anything could improve upon his excellent yields and turnaround time , he nonetheless tried our technology .
Since beginning the use of it in 1994 , he has reduced the time from seed to cut flower market from ten weeks to only six weeks .
This has permitted one extra growing cycle in the year .
Brian reported 150 % yield increases in chrysanthemums and a 40 % reduction in production time for other species .
The plants are also producing twice as many blooms .
Instead of two or more plants per bunch , he need only use one plant , effectively doubling his profit .
His asters are now growing sufficient stem length to avoid the normal use of grow lights in winter , and he is spraying much less for pests and disease .
Brian also uses eucalyptus for decorative foliage .
Six - inch seedlings are growing to 14 ’ in only 9 months .
A North Coast commercial rose grower in 1994 reported exceptional growth and flower production in mid-winter that is equivalent to summer !
He also reports that since beginning the treatment , he now finds he has virtually no short stems .
This has happened after just 7 weeks of treatment .
He sees fifty to seventy - five roses on a bush with blooms much larger than normal and double the shelf life .
8 - 10 roses per bush is the norm .
Greenhouses have reported 200-300 blooms on each of their 5,000 African Violet plants .
A Longmont , Colorado grower and creator of dried flower wreaths said : “ Before I used it I could n’t hold the beautiful , vibrant color in my flowers , but using it ….as you see these zinnias , I ’ve got a beautiful color take and I ’ll be able to hold this even after they ’re cut . ”
Ginger
Treated on the left , untreated on the right .
Ginseng
Bill Bostwick , a ginseng grower in Wisconsin uses it to obtain 5,000 lbs / acre , whereas the state average is 1,300 lbs / acre .
He grows plants to five year maturity while most must settle for 3 - 4 year maturity , because the usual susceptibility to fungal disease is absent in his plants .
Testing for ginsenoside , the active ingredient in ginger , St. John ’s University in Jamaica , New York found that Bill ’s ginger yielded over 11 % whereas the state average was 6 - 8 % .
With our treatment , he sells ginger seed for the premium price $ 50 / lb compared to the normal $ 8 - 10 / lb .
His neighbor , Dennis Draeger bought Bill ’s seed for his ginseng farm .
“ The size of Bill ’s seed is what threw me ‘ cuz his was twice as big as what I had .
I ’ve been having germination problems .
The germination was twice as good as what I normally had .
Seeing Bill ’s garden is what ’s made my decision .
Bill had , without a doubt , the best garden I ’d ever seen .
They were just huge roots , huge plants .
You could n’t walk more than 10 ’ into any of his beds ‘ cuz it was just solid plants 3 ’ tall .
And uh , I walked all the way around his garden , I looked for disease .
I talked to him about what he sprays and when he sprays it .
He does n’t spray much at all .
Rudamil , he does n’t hardly use at all .
And that ’s what sold me on it . ”
The next year , using it , Dennis got a ginsenoside report showing 9.89 % .
Another neighbor , Rick , began using it , too , and had 11.27 % ginsenoside .
Dan Peters of Champaign , Illinois and past president of the Illinois Ginseng Association said he thinks it is very cost - effective .
Grapes
Lily Hill Farms in Michigan produces grapes for Welch ’s .
Penny Kelley reports :
“ We used it on approximately 14 acres of Concord grapes this year [ 1993 ] and had a wonderful crop .
We followed your recommended spray schedule and were rewarded with tremendous numbers of buds and a very good bud set . ”
Vines that usually produce 80 - 90 buds per vine produced 150 - 170 .
“ The clusters developed well and reached an excellent sugar level approximately 12 days earlier than other grapes in our area .
Due to last year ’s cold , wet summer many vineyards suffered from Delayed Bud Syndrome -- but not us .
This year was warm and wet causing overwhelming problems with mildews everywhere but in our vineyards .
The grapes also withstood a number of freezes with temperatures down in the mid-20s .
It was a rough year for many grape growers in the Lake Michigan region but we sailed through every challenge . ”
“ Some of the farmers had their crops reduced 30 - 50 % .
I think we had the biggest crop we ’ve ever seen .
The grapes look like socks on clothesline .
It seems to do several things .
Grapes hang on in spite of Thamnopsis .
“ The cane growth this year was also spectacular .
We have been rewarded with beautiful , healthy , chocolate - colored canes for next year ’s crop .
We intend to use it again and expect another great year for grape growing . ”
An Australian vineyard reports 60 - 100 % increase in yields with brix levels at record highs .
“ I ’ve seen many benefits .
It has cut back 50 - 100 % on water . ”
A New Zealand grower from the South Island reports triple yields of high quality fruit and rapid growth of young vines .
Colin Marshall , a successful organic grape grower in Christchurch , New Zealand , has two year - old plantings loaded with grapes when production is not expected until the fourth year .
This means two additional seasons of profit instead of expenses .
Varieties that are normally slow growing were developing rapidly and Colin noted that his vines had very little disease since using this .
Herbs
South Australia medicinal herb growers are reporting significant in nutritional and medicinal values for the treated plants .
One grower uses the kernel of the black walnut and finds that the active ingredient is four times more potent in treated trees .
There is an extract , taxol , in the bark of yew trees that has shown promise in curing cancer .
With treatment the taxol goes into the needles , thus eliminating the need to kill the plant to obtain it and tripling the amount available in the tree .
A cancer clinic in South Australia uses a highly nutritious diet as a part of its therapy .
They use our treated produce to assist in the cure of cancer along with other therapies .
Kiwi
An Australian kiwi grower said , “ Treated vines are obviously more healthy . ”
We had “ an early harvest about 2 weeks before we normally expected it would be .
We have a small export window and we made that window bigger ….
I thought it was one of these pie in the sky things but it obviously interested me enough to try it .
And now I ’m sort of quietly optimistic . ”
Macadamia Nuts
Laurie , an Amamoor , Queensland , Australia macadamia nut grower , despite no irrigation and a five - month drought in 1994 , harvested a crop when normally the macadamia trees would abort their fruit under the harsh conditions .
Mangoes
Bruce Loveday , a Gladstone , Queensland , Australia mango grower , produced his best crop ever despite an otherwise crippling drought .
“ I normally apply 730 liters of water per tree per week during the growing season , but this year I was only able to supply them with 70 liters per week , with none at all some weeks . ”
The hidden factor , Bruce believes , is the treatment .
“ A couple of old blokes who are mango freaks said my fruit was the best they had ever tasted . ”
Melons
A Chinchilla , Australia melon grower found that they were still picking melons after six weeks , far beyond the usual 3 - 4 ‘ picks ’ per season .
“ The crops are healthier , better fruit , more flesh , thinner rind .
It ’s unreal ! ” First reaction ?
“ Sort of laughed at it when I heard about it from other people , but I tried it myself .
It ’s not a laughing matter .
It ’s real ! ”
This despite the drought .
They are so big , they pack 4 or 5 to a box that is supposed to have 12 - 14 !
And they taste so good !
Makes my mouth water !
( The center one is a soccer ball , just in case you missed that ! )
Nectarines
John Fergusson of Orange , New South Wales , Australia obtained 130 % yield increase in nectarines .
All were larger , had increased sugar , and a longer shelf life .
In Medowie , New South Wales , Australia Nick Falko smiled and reported , “ I ’m a very happy farmer .
I had better fruit all ‘ round , better color , better flavor .
Treatment helped prevent fruit drop .
I had a neighbor come along who grows the same varieties that I do .
I showed one of the fruit from that particular variety and it was bigger than normally -- two or three sizes bigger .
It was really huge , about 7 ounces .
That ’s a large bit of fruit . ”
He obtained such gourmet prices for his gourmet - sized peaches and nectarines that on the profits he quit his job as a prison guard to help him beat cancer .
Oranges
Five month - old orange seedlings setting flower ; top leaves of 7 month - old grafted tree reach adult size after treatment ; 300,0000 orange seedlings all bearing fruit at about 8 months , oranges with 5 month shelf life !!
Roy McClurg , a citrus grower in LaBelle , Florida said , “ This is a typical fruit set from a treatment : fruit that is set inside the canopy as well as the outside .
With inside fruit , that pays freight and the taxes .
I estimate the fruit set on this tree will go 8 boxes which is terrific , way above the average . ”
Production has increased by 66 % .
Of trees that had begun to show Young Tree Decline prior to treatment Roy said , “ Young tree decline is being retarded .
It is n’t happening !
The trees are getting better and better . ”
The vitamin C content in treated oranges tested 121 % higher than untreated oranges at the Olive Garvey Center for the Improvement of Human Functioning .
Along the Sunshine Coast in Australia , an organic citrus grower showed treated plots increased yields of 300 % over the control plots and achieved an earlier maturity .
His first reaction ?
“ I laughed at it . ” Now ?
“ I ’ll eat my words .
It really does work . ”
Kurt , an organic citrus grower in Queensland , Australia cited triple yield increase despite several months of drought .
Palm
In the seed room of a palm nursery in Queensland , Australia , some varieties of palm seeds were germinating in 3 ½ months instead of 6 .
Papayas
" Papayas 135 per tree versus 30 .
They were the biggest , sweetest . ”
Peaches
In Medowie , New South Wales , Australia Nick Falko smiled and reported , “ I ’m a very happy farmer .
I had better fruit all ‘ round , better color , better flavor .
Treatment helped prevent fruit drop .
I had a neighbor come along who grows the same varieties that I do .
I showed one of the fruit from that particular variety and it was bigger than normally -- two or three sizes bigger .
It was really huge , about 7 ounces .
That ’s a large bit of fruit . ”
He obtained such gourmet prices for his gourmet - sized peaches and nectarines that on the profits he quit his job as a prison guard to help him beat cancer .
Persimmons
Brent Baldwin ’s persimmon orchard in Waimuku , New Zealand had fruit on one year - old trees and three year - old trees bearing fruit , 1 - 2 years ahead of schedule .
Not only were his yields up , the harvest began 2 - 3 weeks earlier .
Last year [ 1993 ] without it , Brent lost most of the year ’s work to frost .
Plums
Santa Rosa
Beauty plums are producing 6,000 pounds of fruit on a three year - old tree .
Using our treatment , John Fergusson of Orange , New South Wales , Australia obtained 160 % yield increase in plums , 130 % yield increase in nectarines , and 100 % in apples .
All were larger , had increased sugar , and a longer shelf life .
Peppers ( Bell )
Ludie Larson of Pleasant Grove , Utah , showing a green pepper she said , “ Normally a pepper like this would last 3 - 5 days in the refrigerator and start getting crinkly .
Treated peppers will last about 18 days . ”
Bell peppers bear over 50 peppers / plant instead the norm of 4 or 5 .
Peppers ( Capsicum )
Barry Gregory is a capsicum ( pepper ) grower in the south of Auckland .
In 1994 , he had to stop the use it for a month to rebuild the supports to make them tall enough and strong enough to handle the height of the plant and the weight of the fruit .
His yields increased over 50 % and the plants showed no sign of slowing down , even though it was late in the season and the glasshouses were not heated .
Wherever there was a place for a flower or fruit it was filled .
The fruit were sweet and quite large .
They were so vigorous that he had to harvest them before they had turned red .
With so many that would quickly turn red he was able to double the price .
Pineapple
Pineapple have double the sugar , 1/ 3 the acid , a fully edible core , and maturity increased by 1/3 .
And the terminal fruit ( first ratoon ) often weighs 8 - 11 pounds , double the norm .
Normally the lateral fruits ( second ratoon ) are only 2 - 3 pounds and are often discarded .
With the treatment , the second ratoon left on the plant mature to 4 - 6 pounds , a marketable size .
If cuttings are made of the second ratoon and planted separately , the fruits will often grow to 8 - 11 pounds like the first ratoon .
In either case , this provides a second crop where normally only one crop is harvested and this along with the larger size more than doubles the harvest .
Potatoes
A potato farmer in Minnesota reported a 20 % increase in yield using it .
Others reported gourmet - sized potatoes double or triple the normal size as a result of treatment .
“ At $ 50 / acre / season it may be the most economical technique you ’ll use this year . ”
Pumpkins
The grower of grand prize - winning pumpkins in Sonoma , California says , “ If you get a healthy , fast - growing plant , you do n’t have any problems in the garden .
We never spray chemicals on our garden .
We do n’t need them .
Best crop of pumpkins in 50 years . ”
Gabriel Howearth , growing gardens on adobe soil at
San Juan
Pueble , New Mexico
grew a single head of quinoa to ¾ lb , a world record .
Normal
is 1/5 lb .
In 1985 his quinoa crop yielded 700 lb/ acre , the normal being 300 lb / acre .
In 1987 he produced 1900 lb / acre .
Raul Mendez of Quimcasa , Huixiquilucan , Mexico on his 5000 - acre plantation of organic vegetables and field crops had 137 bushels / acre soybeans using it ( USA average is 40 - 45 bu/a ) .
In 1990 , a field experiment at the An-ning Experiment Station demonstrated that the treated soybeans increased 29 % .
Gerry at Texas A&M says , “ I ’ve tried it on a number of field and vegetable crops here .
Last year we got a 30 % increase on soybeans even though we had some seriously dry weather in July and August .
There ’s a definite physiological change at work .
There ’s a definite change in the plant . ”
A test conducted in 1985 showed a yield increase from 37 bu / acre to 75 bu /acre .
In
Wisconsin
, soybean plants with it produced up to 300 pods / plant .
30 - 35 is the norm .
And the beans were tested at 27 % protein compared to the 15 % norm .
At Sprouts Extraordinaire in Longmont , Colorado , alfalfa sprouts using it developed an edible body with 1200 % increase in weight and a 30 - day shelf life , double the norm .
Ron Mitchell , a sprout grower in
Hawaii
reports faster maturity and superior sprouts with an incredibly extended shelf life .
“ We are getting up to three and a half week shelf life , which is unbelievable .
Lettuces are just great , too .
We provide a credit and buy - back offer with our clients , so shelf life is real important to us . ”
strawberries harvest 10 - 14 days earlier , the strawberries are 30 - 40 % larger .
The sugars have gone up 2 - 3 brix .
Strawberry flowers normally have 5 petals …. we often see flowers with nine . ” “ I have never tasted better strawberries in my entire life , and I am in my fifties and eaten more strawberries than anyone I meet . ”
Ourr , the strawberries are .
The .
Strawberry flowers normally have 5 petals …. we often see flowers with nine . ” “ , and I am in my fifties and eaten more strawberries than anyone I meet . ”
“ We were judged to have the best garden in all
Colorado
because of it .
It really , really works .
I ’m so glad my friend told me about it .
I ’m sold on it . ”
Sunflowers
Gabriel Howearth , growing gardens on adobe soil at Gabriel Howearth , growing gardens on adobe soil at
San Juan
Pueble , New Mexico
had multiple heads each 18 inches across on his sunflowers .
Ludie Larson of
Pleasant Grove , Utah
,
showing a sunflower in her garden said , “ We ’ve only used it and this head measures 20 inches . ”
Carolyn Ormsbee of Gardener Supply Company in
Burlington , Vermont
, established two plots , one at each end of a building to separate the control from sound emanating from the test plots .
The tomato plants treated with it produced 195.05 lbs compared to the control that produced 131.75 pounds , a 67 % increase in yield .
A gathering of ripe tomatoes a month earlier revealed more ripe tomatoes from the treated plants 31.85 lb compared to 22.1 lb untreated .
This shows that there is a 69 % earlier maturity in the treated tomatoes .
In 1993 , Charles Dodge at Melody Farms ,
Mountain Home , Arkansas
100 % increase in yield .
The shelf life is twice as long as before , sometimes three times as long .
" People come from far distances to purchase my tomatoes and , I might add , I get similar taste praise for my cucumbers and blueberries as well . ” said that they had typically harvested 9,000 - 10,000 lbs of tomatoes / season from a 4,000 square foot greenhouse .
Now with our treatment the harvest averages 19,000 lb/ season , about .
The " People come from far distances to purchase my tomatoes and , I might add , I get similar taste praise for my cucumbers and blueberries as well . ”
“ I started in either 1984 or 1985 …. I use it on all my tomatoes as well as all my cucumbers and blueberries .
In fact , I use it on some of the trees on my property too . ”
Suckers , the shoot between the main stem and a lateral branch , are normally sterile .
With treatment the sucker would be fully rooted in 10 - 12 days and in full production 45 - 55 days later .
From seed , these tomatoes normally mature in 90 days .
Using our treatment to help them produce their tomatoes from suckers rather than seed accelerates their production schedule by 23 - 35 days and eliminates the cost of seed .
This method of growing tomatoes produces plants 7 - 9 feet tall producing 400- 600 tomatoes per plant , often with double tomatoes per ‘ hand .’.... Everyone who gardens without it is working against themselves -- tomatoes included ! "
In 1989 , the first experiment , conducted in the greenhouse at the An-ning Experiment Station , tomatoes treated with it averaged nearly double the number of flowers per plant and 27 % more fruit .
In 1991 a large - scale field experiment was conducted
at the An-ning Experiment Station
using watermelon plots 300 meters apart in a field at the An-ning Experiment Station .
Treated melons yielded 65 % more than the control group .
Published online 10 February 2010 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2010.61
News
Mutations found in genes responsible for directing enzymes to their cellular destination .
Stuttering may be caused by mutations that affect speech neurons .
Sebastian Kaulitzki/iStockphoto
Often dismissed as a psychological problem , stuttering may be the result of genetic mutations implicated in daily metabolic processes , a new study shows .
Stuttering — a common speech disorder characterized by repetition , prolongation of sounds , and interruptions in the flow of speech — affects about 60 million people worldwide .
Studies on twins and adopted individuals show that it is highly heritable , and the new work suggests that 10 different mutations on three genes coding for enzymes could be to blame .
" As a disorder it gets no respect , " says senior investigator Dennis Drayna , a geneticist at the National Institute on Deafness and Other Communication Disorders in Bethesda , Maryland .
" I think our results go a long way towards convincing sceptics that stuttering is indeed a biological problem . "
The study , published today in The New England Journal of Medicine1 , builds on work from 20052 in which Drayna identified chromosome 12 as a region of interest .
In the new study , which looked at around 400 stutterers , he and his colleagues identified specific mutations on the long arm of chromosome 12 that occurred in stutterers — but almost never in non-stuttering control patients .
Not everyone who stutters , the team says , can trace the disorder back to the three genes ; it would involve only an estimated 9 % .
" Our mutations account for , optimistically , only a modest fraction , " says Drayna , " but that 's still a lot of people . "
Many experts agree that the work is an important step towards understanding the genetic contribution in a little - understood disorder .
" The closer we come to identifying specific gene sequences , and what they code for , the better we understand why stuttering has been a mystery for so long , " says Nan Ratner , a speech expert at the University of Maryland in College Park .
Recycling problems
The three genes identified with stuttering — known as GNPTAB , GNPTG and NAGPA — share a common role in the body : the enzymes they encode help to direct other enzymes that act in cellular organelles called lysosomes , which continuously break down and recycle cell parts and send them off to be reused .
Any of the 10 mutations identified by Drayna 's team can interfere with this process , sending the targeted enzymes to a different location and causing the lysosome to accumulate cell parts that are n't degraded properly .
Researchers do n't understand why these particular mutations in lysosomal processes would lead to stuttering , but Drayna suspects that there are specific neurons for speech in the brain that are uniquely susceptible to this abnormality .
" Who'd have ever thought that we'd be doing the enzymology of speech ? " he asks .
ADVERTISEMENT
He and his colleagues next plan to use mice as a model for the human communication disorder , by mutating the genes in question .
But first they will have to figure out how disruptions to mouse songs , distress calls and courtship and aggression vocalizations sound .
" We have no idea what stuttering in mice sounds like , " Drayna says .
" But the fact that you can do biochemistry on speech is quite a surprise . "
The work suggests that enzyme replacement therapy might even one day be used to treat stuttering .
Manufactured enzymes could be injected into the person 's bloodstream , from which cells could take them up and replace the faulty enzymes .
Drayna says he hopes his work will not only " medicalize " stuttering — bringing it into clinical biomedicine — but legitimize it as well .
" Many people with this disorder say it has ruined their lives , " he says .
Although most young children who stutter lose the speech impediment as they get older , for others the disorder continues into adulthood .
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News , San Diego
Singing words made it easier for stroke patients to communicate Teaching stroke patients to sing " rewires " their brains , helping them recover their speech , say scientists .
By singing , patients use a different area of the brain from the area involved in speech .
If a person 's " speech centre " is damaged by a stroke , they can learn to use their " singing centre " instead .
Researchers presented these findings at the annual meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science ( AAAS ) in San Diego .
An ongoing clinical trial , they said , has shown how the brain responds to this " melodic intonation therapy " .
Gottfried Schlaug , a neurology professor at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center and Harvard Medical School in Boston , US , led the trial .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The therapy is already established as a medical technique .
Researchers first used it when it was discovered that stroke patients with brain damage that left them unable to speak were still able to sing .
Professor Schlaug explained that his was the first study to combine this therapy with brain imaging - " to show what is actually going on in the brain " as patients learn to sing their words .
Making connections
Most of the connections between brain areas that control movement and those that control hearing are on the left side of the brain .
" But there 's a sort of corresponding hole on the right side , " said Professor Schlaug .
Music engages huge swathes of the brain - it's not just lighting up a spot in the auditory cortex
Dr Aniruddh Patel , neuroscientist
" For some reason , it 's not as endowed with these connections , so the left side is used much more in speech .
" If you damage the left side , the right side has trouble [ fulfilling that role ] . "
But as patients learn to put their words to melodies , the crucial connections form on the right side of their brains .
Previous brain imaging studies have shown that this " singing centre " is overdeveloped in the brains of professional singers .
During the therapy sessions , patients are taught to put their words to simple melodies .
Professor Schlaug said that after a single session , a stroke patients who was are not able to form any intelligible words learned to say the phrase " I am thirsty " by combining each syllable with the note of a melody .
The patients are also encouraged to tap out each syllable with their hands .
Professor Schlaug said that this seemed to act as an " internal pace - maker " which made the therapy even more effective .
" Music might be an alternative medium to engage parts of the brain that are otherwise not engaged , " he said .
Brain sounds Dr Aniruddh Patel from the Neurosciences Institute in San Diego , said the study was an example of the " explosion in research into music and the brain " over the last decade .
" People sometimes ask where in the brain music is processed and the answer is everywhere above the neck , " said Dr Patel .
" Music engages huge swathes of the brain - it's not just lighting up a spot in the auditory cortex . "
Dr Nina Kraus , a neuroscientist from Northwestern University in Chicago , also studies the effects of music on the brain .
In her research , she records the brain 's response to music using electrodes on the scalp .
This work has enabled her to " play back " electrical activity from brain cells as they pick up sounds .
" Neurons work with electricity - so if you record the electricity from the brain you can play that back through speakers and hear how the brain deals with sounds , " she explained .
Dr Kraus has also discovered that musical training seems to enhance the ability to perform other tasks , such as reading .
She said that the insights into how the brain responds to music provided evidence that musical training was an important part of children 's education .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The U.S. military monitored Planned Parenthood and a white supremacist group as part of the government 's security preparations for the 2002 Olympics in Utah , according to new documents released by the Department of Defense .
The U.S. Joint Forces Command liaison collected and disseminated information on U.S. citizens who were members of Planned Parenthood and the white supremacist group National Alliance regarding their involvement in protests and distributing literature , according to an intelligence - oversight report released by the Pentagon .
The documents indicate that the JFC liaison was working with the FBI 's Olympic Intelligence Center at the time .
This and other intelligence - activity disclosures appear in heavily redacted documents that were released to the Electronic Frontier Foundation .
They came in response to an ongoing Freedom of Information
Act project the organization is conducting to obtain oversight information from intelligence agencies .
EFF received more than 800 pages from intelligence oversight reports created by the Defense Department inspector general that examine actions , conducted by various branches of the department , that are believed to be illegal .
The reports cover the years 2001 to 2008 and were submitted to the Intelligence Oversight Board and cover the U.S. Army , the Joint Chiefs of Staff and other military entities .
The board is composed of private citizens with security clearances who are supposed to submit to the office of the president any reports describing activities that are believed to be illegal .
The reports provide little context for the information that 's disclosed , leaving the public to wonder about the nature and extent of the information and surveillance revealed in them .
Pertaining to the Planned Parenthood members , for example , the oversight report provides no explanation about how the information was collected .
Nor does it indicate why the information was collected and notes only that military intelligence is not allowed to collect and disseminate information on U.S. persons unless the information constitutes " foreign intelligence . "
The report indicates that the collection was therefore " clearly outside the purview of military intelligence " and should have been handled by law enforcement .
Another oversight document discusses an incident involving the interception of civilian cellphone conversations of U.S. persons in April 2007 .
During a field exercise at Fort Polk , Louisiana , a Signals Intelligence noncommissioned officer operating a SIGINT collection system intercepted the cell phone calls , though the document does n't indicate if they were intercepted on U.S. soil or outside U.S. borders .
Initial reports indicated that the noncommissioned officer listened to the conversations for entertainment purposes , and the incident was reported to the National Security Agency .
But the inspector - general document indicates that the officer never admitted to this and indicates only that he may have listened to some conversations " longer than necessary to do his job . "
Five months after the incident , the SIGINT staff at Fort Polk was given a refresher on United States Signals Intelligence Directive 18 , an NSA rule that bars overseas surveillance of Americans without authorization and probable cause and provides instructions for destroying incidental interceptions that are collected unintentionally .
Another document obtained by EFF reveals that the Air Force Office of Special Investigations set up a “ honey - pot ” website in May 2006 " to identify & exploit foreign threats to DoD " and only realized in October 2007 that it potentially violated a sealed Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court order .
" [ D ]uring the course of coordinating the operation with another agency , " the document states , " it was realized that the collection of some information targeting non-U.S. persons may be incongruent with a Spring '07 classified Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act Court ( FISC ) opinion which may require a FISA warrant for legal interception in such cyber operations . "
Because the court order was sealed , the AFOSI staff did n't know about it and only realized it might be applicable to their honey - pot project when they read about the order in the press .
The Air Force halted the honey - pot operation and its " potential questionable activity " and asked the Justice Department for a copy of the sealed FISA Court order , but was denied access to it .
At the time of the oversight report in 2008 , the AFOSI still had not obtained clarification about the contents of the FISAC order .
A document from a 2008 oversight report indicates that Army Cyber Counterintelligence officers attended a Black Hat security conference without disclosing their Army affiliation .
The conference , held annually in Las Vegas and Washington , D.C. , attracts hackers and security professionals from around the world .
It 's also a hotbed gathering for undercover law enforcement and intelligence agents from around the world who come to learn about the latest computer security vulnerabilities and what specific hackers are up to .
The documents do n't indicate if the officers collected any information on conference attendees .
EFF expects to receive additional documents from the Defense Department , as well as from the National Security Agency , Central Intelligence Agency and Office of the Director of National Intelligence .
Photo : PDX Pixels / Flickr
See Also :
The Pentagon 's far - out science arm is planning an April test flight for a prototype of a hypersonic weapon that – in theory – could cross the Pacific Ocean in under two hours .
In a solicitation issued late last week , Darpa said it was looking to charter a U.S. - flag vessel to help collect telemetry for the upcoming test of a Hypersonic Technology Vehicle - 2 ( HTV - 2 ) .
According to the solicitation , an unpowered HTV - 2 will be launched on a booster rocket from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California and glide to a target site in the Marshall Islands , sometime between April 20 and April 27 .
It 's the first public announcement of a flight test originally scheduled for 2009 .
The flight test is part of the Falcon program , a Darpa - Air Force project to develop the tech that could lead to a reusable hypersonic vehicle that could take off and land like a plane .
It would carry 12,000 pounds of payload over 9,000 nautical miles in less than two hours .
Falcon is related to another effort , dubbed Blackswift , that was supposed to lead to a test aircraft that could take off from a conventional runway , cruise at Mach 6 and land back on a runway .
( The video embedded above is Darpa 's computer - animated rendition of Blackswift , a.k.a. Lockheed Martin Skunk Works ' Falcon HTV - 3X hypersonic test vehicle . )
However , Congress chopped Fiscal Year 2009 funds for the project , and Darpa decided not to move ahead with plans for the reusable spaceplane .
This upcoming test is supposed to demonstrate the thermal protection systems and aerodynamic controls of the HTV - 2 .
If all goes according to plan , an HTV - 2 will be launched by a Minotaur IV Lite rocket from Vandenberg , separate from the launch vehicle , then follow a hypersonic glide trajectory to an impact area in the ocean near Reagan Test Site at Kwajalein Atoll , where the Air Force also tests ICBM reentry vehicles .
According to the Darpa solicitation , the ship will be hired to transport , deploy and retrieve a set of nine impact - scoring rafts , as well as telemetry equipment that will help track the HTV - 2 in its final seconds of flight .
It ’s one of my favorite truisms that you can never be too cynical about Wall Street or Washington .
But after watching Bob Toll , CEO of Toll Brothers on CNBC this Monday , I ’ll be adding home builders to that esteemed list .
Every CEO talks his own book , but few do it like the home builder CEOs .
On CNBC , Toll was at it again , exhorting the Fed to keep pumping billions into housing because new home construction “ employs through direct and corollary basis about 20 - 25 % of all the jobs in the country . ”
Pädophile Priester " Wie Blinde , die glauben , sehen zu können "
Wie hält man Priester davon ab , sich an Minderjährigen zu vergreifen ?
Was muss die katholische Kirche tun , um sexuellen Missbrauch in den eigenen Reihen zu verhindern ?
Präventionsexperte Klaus Beier von der Berliner Charité hat ein Konzept - nur im Vatikan will davon keiner etwas hören .
Bora – Unquestionably the most mythical of the Pacific islands remains the island of all dreams .
The legends , mysteries , and romance associated with the words “ Bora Bora ” bring an almost mystical presence to the island .
The island , located about 230 kilometres northwest of Papeete , is surrounded by a lagoon and a barrier reef .
Bora Bora is predestined for snorkeling and scuba diving in and around its lagoon .
Made famous by books , movies , and its stunning beauty , the island is now besieged by tourism and overcrowding .
Regardless , if you must visit a South Pacific island ( and you should ) , Bora Bora would be an excellent choice .
Here are 25 Stunning Pictures of Bora Bora …
( Photo by : Pierre Lesage )
( Photo by : Anthony Rosales )
Most Visited Tourist Destinations in America
( Photo by : Pierre Lesage )
( Photo by : Carioto )
( Photo by : Carioto )
( Photo by : Pierre Lesage )
( Photo by : Carioto )
Caribbean ’s Most Romantic Luxury Resort
( photo by : SansPretentionAucune )
( Photo by : Pierre Lesage )
( Photo by : Totalisator )
( Photo by : Pierre Lesage )
Spectacular Pictures Of Salar De Uyuni , Bolivia
( Photo by : Tanehonu )
( Photo by : Sandra.melcer )
( Photo by : Pierre Lesage )
( Photo by : Viajes Mundoparaiso – Plantour Ponferrada )
( Photo by : Jason Blankenship )
( Photo by : Viajes Mundoparaiso – Plantour Ponferrada )
( Photo by : Super Starfish )
Spectacular Pictures of Untamed Navagio Beach
( Photo by : Viajes Mundoparaiso – Plantour Ponferrada )
( Photo by : JulienNarboux )
( Photo by : Rachel_thecat )
( Photo by : Rachel_thecat )
( Photo by : Msdstefan )
( Photo by : Super Starfish )
( Photo by : Kenyai )
Dead Terrorists Tell No Tales
The CIA reportedly succeeded in killing the head of the Pakistani Taliban — the most recent in a flurry of drone attacks the agency has launched in South Asia and the Middle East .
Another strike in Pakistan reportedly took out one of the FBI ’s most wanted terrorists ; another in Pakistan took out a master bomb - maker for the al Qaeda affiliate in the Philippines , Abu Sayyaf ; and a strike in Yemen targeted a senior military leader of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , the group behind the Christmas Day attack ( his fate has yet to be determined ) .
President Barack Obama ’s escalation of drone strikes is one area in the counterterrorism fight where he has earned plaudits from even his most vocal critics on the right .
Hold the applause .
Obama ’s escalation of the " Predator War " comes at the very same time he has eliminated the CIA ’s capability to capture senior terrorist leaders alive and interrogate them for information on new attacks .
The Predator has become for President Obama what the cruise missile was to President Bill Clinton — an easy way to appear like he is taking tough action against terrorists , when he is really shying away from the hard decisions needed to protect the United States .
To be sure , unmanned drones are critical in the struggle against al Qaeda .
They allow the United States to reach terrorists hiding in remote regions where it would be difficult for special operations forces to reach them , or to act on perishable intelligence when the only choice is to kill a terrorist or lose him .
Constantly hovering Predator ( or Reaper ) drones also have a psychological effect on the enemy , forcing al Qaeda leaders to live in fear and spend time focusing on self - preservation that would otherwise be used planning the next attack .
All this is for the good .
The problem is that Obama is increasingly using drone strikes as a substitute for operations to bring terrorist leaders in alive for questioning — and that is putting the country at risk .
As one high - ranking CIA official explained to me , in an interview for my book Courting Disaster , " In the wake of 9/11 , [ the CIA ] put forward a program that had a lethal component to strike back at the people who did this .
But the other component was to prevent this kind of catastrophe from happening again .
And for that , killing people — especially killing senior al Qaeda leaders — is potentially counterproductive in that we can’t know or learn of future attacks .
You ca n’t kill them all , and you do n’t want to kill them all from an intelligence standpoint .
We needed to know what they knew . "
In the years after the 9/11 attacks , the CIA worked with Pakistani and other intelligence services to hunt down senior terrorist leaders and take them in for interrogation .
Among those captured were men like Abu Zubaydah , Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , Ramzi bin al - Shibh , Ammar al - Baluchi , Walid bin Attash , Riduan Isamuddin ( aka " Hambali " ) , Bashir bin Lap , Abd al - Rahim al - Nashiri , Abu Faraj al - Libbi , Abd al - Hadi al - Iraqi , and others .
In all , about 100 terrorists were detained and questioned by the CIA .
And the information they provided helped break up terrorist cells that were planning to blow up the U.S. Consulate in Karachi and the U.S. Marine camp in Djibouti ; explode seven airplanes flying across the Atlantic from London to cities in North America ; and fly hijacked airplanes into Heathrow Airport , London ’s financial district , and the Library Tower in Los Angeles .
Today , the Obama administration is no longer attempting to capture men like these alive ; it is simply killing them .
This may be satisfying , but it comes at a price .
With every drone strike that vaporizes a senior al Qaeda leader , actionable intelligence is vaporized along with him .
Dead terrorists can’t tell you their plans to strike America .
The recent strike on Qasim al - Raymi , a senior military leader of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , is a case in point .
After having been caught blind by this terrorist network ’s near success in blowing up an airplane over Detroit , why not try to capture and interrogate its senior leaders alive instead of killing them ?
Would n’t it make sense to get these men to reveal whom they have trained , where they have been deployed , and what their plans are for the next attack ?
But the Obama administration is not even trying to do this .
Obama ’s drone campaign is costing the United States vital intelligence , and it has also exposed him to the charge of hypocrisy .
The president has claimed the moral high ground in eliminating the CIA ’s enhanced interrogation program , saying that he rejects the " the false choice between our security and our ideals . "
Yet when Obama orders a Predator or Reaper strike , he is often signing the death warrant for the women and children who will be killed alongside the target — individuals whose only sin is that they are married to , or the children of , a terrorist .
Is this not a choice between security and ideals ?
And why is it a morally superior choice ?
Is it really more in keeping with American ideals to kill a terrorist and the innocent people around him , when the United States might instead spare the innocent , capture the same terrorist alive , and get intelligence from him that could potentially save many other innocent lives as well ?
It is true that Obama ’s predecessor George W. Bush also reportedly increased the use of drone strikes against senior terrorist leaders toward the end of his term .
But the Bush administration also maintained and exercised the CIA ’s capability to capture and interrogate such leaders .
Obama has now dramatically escalated drone strikes while eliminating what is arguably the most important and successful intelligence programs in the war on terror .
This is not a sign of Obama ’s seriousness .
To the contrary , he is using drones as cover for his dangerous decision to eliminate the CIA ’s capability to take terrorist leaders in alive and question them effectively for actionable intelligence .
That is nothing to praise .
When Khalid Sheikh Mohammed was located in 2003 , the United States did not send a Predator to kill him .
It captured him alive and got him to give up the details of the plots he had set in motion .
That decision saved thousands of lives .
The fact that Obama ’s administration no longer does this when it locates senior terrorist leaders today means the president is voluntarily sacrificing intelligence that could protect the American people — and that the U.S. homeland is at greater risk of a terrorist attack .
Carly Simon finally reveals the subject of You 're So Vain ... record producer David Geffen
For years there has been debate about which of Carly Simon 's ex-boyfriends could have inspired the hit song You 're So Vain .
But while former lovers Mick Jagger , Kris Kristofferson , Cat Stevens and Warren Beatty were left wondering whether ' this song is about you ' , they have been proved wrong .
For the Seventies singer has finally revealed the real inspiration behind her hit track was n't a boyfriend at all - it was openly gay record producer David Geffen .
Revelation : After 38 years , Seventies singer Carly Simon has revealed that openly gay record producer David Geffen inspired her hit You 're So Vain
YOU'RE SO VAIN ...
( Here 's how it goes , in case you 'd forgotten )
You had me several years ago when I was still quite naive
Well you said that we made such a pretty pair And that you would never leave ...
Chorus :
You 're so vain , you probably think this song is about you You 're so vain , I 'll bet you think this song is about you Do n't you ?
Do n't you ?
Do n't you ?
Simon , 64 , ended the 38 year guessing game by whispering the name backwards on a reworked version of the song for her new album Never Been Gone , out next week .
Previously Simon had always claimed the song was a ' composite ' of people she knew .
In 1972 when she wrote the song billionaire Geffen was the head of her Elektra record label .
It is thought she was inspired to write the damning lyrics after Geffen put all his time and energy into promoting her rival , Joni Mitchell , over her .
In the hit Simon sings that the man walked into the party like he was walking on to a yacht .
The subject of her wrath jilted her before going to Saratoga to watch his horse naturally win .
Beatty is said to have been convinced he was the inspiration behind the song .
Other suspects included Jagger , who sang backing vocals for the original song , and James Taylor , the American songwriter to whom Simon was married between 1972 and 1983 .
This song 's not about you ....
Not so vain : Rolling Stones singer Mick Jagger and actor Kris Kristofferson
And not about you : Singer Cat Stevens and actor Warren Beatty
Four skulls of a giant new species of plant - eating dinosaur may give scientists a head start on understanding the biggest animals ever to have walked the Earth , a new study says .
The 105 - million - year - old skulls of Abydosaurus mcintoshi were discovered between the late 1990s and 2003 in a sandstone quarry in eastern Utah 's Dinosaur National Monument .
Video : Rare Skulls of New Dinosaur Unearthed
Although the site is known as for fossil bonanzas , the newfound skulls are extremely rare , paleontologists say .
That 's because the new species — part of a group of ancient four - legged lumberers called sauropods — had long necks capped with tiny , delicate heads , which disintegrated quickly after death .
Since sauropod skulls are so rare , " in my mind I envision herds of these sauropods all with their heads cut off , " said study co-author Brooks Britt , a paleontologist at Brigham Young University .
" We know so little about their skulls .
Now , suddenly , we have four . "
( Take a dinosaur quiz . )
The recently discovered skulls belonged to young adult dinosaurs , each about 25 feet ( 8 meters ) long , whose skeletons were well preserved because the dinosaurs were quickly entombed by sand and mud .
If the animals had lived , they could have reached adult sizes of about 50 feet ( 15 meters ) .
It 's unknown how the four dinosaurs perished , Britt added .
But the animals were probably huddled together in a small valley , possibly near a stream .
The team plans to study each bone of the " mind - boggling " skulls in detail for more clues about the dinosaurs ' deaths — " instead of CSI in New York , it 's CSI in the mid-Cretaceous , " he quipped .
New Dinosaurs Had Dainty Teeth
What 's most amazing about the research , Britt noted , is that the Abydosaurus skulls are so similar to skulls of the species ' closest relative , the gargantuan Brachiosaurus , which plodded across Earth 45 million years earlier .
But , though the two species ' skulls were nearly identical , Abydosaurus had strangely tiny teeth contrasted with its kin :
A typical Brachiosaurus tooth is the width of a human thumb , while a tooth from the newfound dinosaur is slimmer than a pinkie finger , generally speaking .
The dainty tooth size is a mystery , but Britt and colleagues have two theories :
A lot of wear and tear could have meant that the dinosaurs replaced their teeth often .
Replacing smaller teeth takes up less precious body energy .
Likewise , reducing tooth size may have enabled the giants to pack more teeth into their mouths .
That would have increased the relative amount of enamel , which was crucial for scraping or biting off plant matter , which sauropods would have then swallowed whole .
Such insights are likely only the beginning of what will be revealed by Abydosaurus , whose Latin name is inspired by the ancient Greek city Abydos , the mythical burial place for the head and neck of Osiris , the Egyptian god of life , death , and fertility .
" With Abydosaurus , we 're starting off backward " — working from the head first instead of using other bones , such as backbones , to piece together what the rest of the body would look like , Britt said .
" It gives us a whole new way to look at the dinosaur right out of the blocks . "
Description :
This is an early preview of the features provided by the prototype of Haskell Web Toolkit ( HsWTK ) , a thin layer on top of DOM which provides basic HTML layout capabilities and simulates cooperative pseudo - threads .
HTML widgets displayed are self - explanatory .
This demo program is also a memory leak test : please load it into various browsers and notice if browser executable size increases as certain user actions are performed .
In fact , there should be no serious leaks , periodic browser size increases were noticed in Microsoft Internet Explorer v6 , but at certain moments size decreased due to proper garbage collection .
Browser size may even get smaller if the demo program page is unloaded .
Mozilla Firefox did not show any memory leaks .
I love the Microsoft Zune .
Yeah , that ’s right .
I said it .
I ’ve owned one since the original 30 - gig brick came out ( a great scratch - proof design that still looks new today ) , and now my wife has the new Zune HD , and it is a remarkable product .
Not that I do n’t own iPods too !
I do n’t discriminate …
I have a ton of iPods , plus the iPhone ( all flavors since launch ) .
But in comparing them to the Zune , I ’ve always felt that the Zune had a significant edge over the iPod in a number of ways that are important to me .
First , the Zune ’s user interface has always had a huge advantage in music navigation .
You can get to what you want much faster than using the classic iPod click - wheel design .
The click - wheel was brilliant in 2001 , but with today ’s music collections shooting into the 10’s or 100 ’s of gigs , it ’s just impractical and the overall iPod interface itself is too cumbersome .
Not that it matters though , as it is clear both Apple and Microsoft are moving emphasis to their touch - based products instead .
In the touch arena , Apple has some significant advantages from a feature standpoint ( App Store , plus overall better podcasting support in iTunes ) , but for strictly music / video navigation and playback , the Zune HD ’s interface is supremely ideal .
You can find what you want faster , and the interface looks good doing it .
Second ( and perhaps more importantly ) , the sound quality of the Zune HD is clearly better than any iPod or iPhone I ’ve ever heard .
Add in the gorgeous OLED screen , the Zune HD also beats out my iPod / iPhone for watching videos as well .
Yes , it ’s a smaller screen , but the quality is worth it .
Finally , the fact that Microsoft continually updates the Zune firmware to add more and more features ( even to their old original Zunes ! ) , plus the Zune software ( which gets better and better ) , the unlimited - downloading Zune Pass , etc. , and it becomes an irresistible platform for me .
The Zune software is so amazing , it deserves it ’s own post .
It is the exact opposite of iTunes , and a real winner .
Regardless , there are some improvements I ’d like to see with the Zune HD , and the Zune software .
Microsoft , if you are listening , please consider the following :
Make a 64 + gigabyte version of the Zune HD.
Like … now .
I do n’t really need to elaborate on the importance of this , do I ?
Make a native Mac version of the Zune software .
You will gain many converts .
Trust me on this .
iTunes is universally hated .
This is the lowest hanging fruit you could pick , and it would taste delicious .
The next iteration of the Zune HD could stand to be a bit bigger .
Right now it is essentially iPod nano size , which is great , but for movie watching , it would be nicer to have a slightly bigger screen .
It does n’t need this … but , if you ever did add a camera to the Zune HD , make it record in 720 p , and give users the ability to share videos peer - to - peer over the Zune ’s wifi connection .
Regarding the Zune software , please add categories for the various Billboard charts ( top 100 , by genre , etc. ) , plus international charts as well .
It ’s always nice to know what the # 1 song in the UK is ( and to be able to immediately download it via my Zune Pass ) , for example .
Add an AM radio in addition to the HD radio .
I do n’t know why people hate on AM , but I think it ’s still a hugely popular format for talk radio , sports , etc .
I always have to carry an AM radio with me to football games .
I ’d rather carry my Zune .
Add a record feature for the radio .
Right now you can tag FM / HD songs for downloading them via the Zune Pass ( amazing feature ) , but if you could record radio as well ( especially when combined with AM talk radio ) for time - shifting purposes , etc. , that would be awesome .
Lock it down to AM only if you have to , it ’s still a useful feature .
I ’m sure there are more things … or even more important things , but for right now , those features would turn an already great product into a legendary one .
What features would you add to the Zune HD ?
Any blogger or site owner worth his or her salt will tell you that knowing how your site is performing is essential .
You have to know what is working , what is n’t , and what trends will make your site the next “ must read ” stop for visitors each day .
The only way to effectively do this is to have a good statistics package working in the background .
However , figuring out which package is best for your site can be tricky .
Until your site starts earning some revenue , you ’re best starting off with something free .
Then , as your site grows , you may want to pay for a few more features .
If you ’re really lucky , you ’ll start off with a free package that can grow with you , and it may be the only package you ’ll ever need .
This list covers ten free and paid solutions that will allow your site to hit the ground running and , hopefully , show you just what a success your site really is .
1. AWStats
AWStats comes pre-installed by many web hosting companies .
Additionally , if you ’re setting up your own servers , you can download it for your personal use .
AWStats goes deeper into the referring sites ’ information than most analytics packages , and is a perfect tool for monitoring whether someone is hotlinking files from your site .
Besides being a great detective tool for bandwidth thieves , it offers all of the usual useful tools that you might expect from a statistics package .
2. eLogic
eLogic provides three levels of service based on your exact needs .
If you need to track only one or two pages , they offer a stat counter that just offers you the most basic of reports .
Their Webstats BASIC package is also free , but gives you more the usual tools you expect like referring sites , a history , demographics , and more .
Finally if you ’re a business or a larger site , you may sign up for their subscription program , Webstats PRO , that will give you a full history and more extensive tools .
3. Google Analytics
Google Analytics is arguably the most popular analytics package available for individual site owners .
Google Analytics ( or plain old “ GA ” ) allows you to dig down deep into your stats to see breakdowns of individual regions , states / provinces , cities and numerous other items to better identify your site visitors .
The wealth of data available is admirably balanced by a well - executed user interface , but it can still be overwhelming .
The package integrates with AdWords and has ecommerce - specific tools to track sales .
4. ShinyStat
ShinyStat was initially designed to monitor visits to Italian web sites .
Now it is available to sites all over the world , and offers software packages for the individual user , the professional user who needs to track marketing , and a business owner who needs to monitor sales and ROI .
There is also a level of service for ISPs to install and include with their hosting accounts .
5. SiteMeter
SiteMeter has a free version for smaller bloggers with up to 100,000 monthly visitors that offers all of the usual tools a webmaster can expect such as tracking referrals , visit durations and so on .
If you are launching a larger site and need more tools , there is a paid version based on your volume of visitors .
6. StatCounter
StatCounter might have a rather plain interface , but it deftly handles multi-author blogs , allowing you to easily assign unique codes to each author .
While it is free and does work , you have to click on a link to see each analytic result on a separate page .
Despite its unpolished looks , the site does offer you clearly readable stats on things such as keywords , traffic sources , and other useful information .
7. W3Counter
W3 Counter comes in a free and paid version .
With a free W3 Counter account , you can track up to 5,000 page views a day across 10 websites and see all of the usual stats .
In addition , you get a bonus that you can share your stats with anyone you like via widgets for your blog or an API that lets you build new tools .
For sites with higher traffic , you can go for the Pro account that allows you to track up to 1 million views a month .
8. W3Perl
W3 Perl differs from other analytics packages in that it does n’t just measure web traffic , but also can parse the log files of email and RSS to measure just about anything you choose .
You can set up the administration interface for web access and gain real - time stats from there .
9. Webalizer
Webalizer is written in C , which means that it is extremely fast and portable , and is a favorite choice of people who host their own servers .
Many web hosts have this analytics package pre-installed for your use inside of their control panel .
Webalizer does n’t allow you to dive terribly in - depth into your data like some other packages , but it provides an excellent overview .
10 . Woopra
Woopra is currently in a closed beta test , but it offers you a wealth of data for those who can get in .
Real - time data are streamed from your site that appear on a map letting you graphically see where readers are coming from , what keywords brought them in , and referring sites .
Woopra offers you a unique ability to open up a chat window with visitors of your choice as they browse your site .
An unusual feature of this service is that the data is presented to you in a desktop application .
WordPress users can install a plugin that lets them see this data in the dashboard of their blog .
There are no doubt other excellent site analytic packages out there .
Which is your favorite ?
Let us know in the comments .
Beatwave collect3
A very elegant and minimal designed generative music app that has a host of features for audiophiles and deejays alike .
Not only can you tap away to create music like the TENORI - ON , but you can also create your own sounds via WAVE and listen to other compositions online .
HEARD Faalsa Labs
A future meets past audio recording app that lets you capture sounds from up to 5 minutes in the past .
A truly simple interface , just tap the app ’s big button and the audio from the recent past is saved to a file that you can replay anytime and share online .
Its got a nicely designed archives view to organize your recordings or share them via social and email .
Orwell Lifestream Creations GmbH
This darkly presented app demonstrates that the surveillance society , as described in George Orwell 's " Nineteen Eighty - Four , " is not only a science fiction scenario , but , nowadays a reality .
As surveillance cameras continue to become more mainstream and common place for private businesses and the public sector we as a people should know about them .
Mynd Alminder
Inc
A new calendar app which takes location and people into consideration and integrates them all onto a nice dashboard screen showing relevant and related information .
A nice colorful and cartoonish interface to showcase the data makes it feel more zen and manageable .
Map of the Internet Steamclock and Peer1 A visualized representation of the entire internet and a dot showing where you are located ...
A novelty app commissioned by Peer1 networks to showcase the scale of the internet globally .
The map shows ISPs , Internet exchange points , universities , and other organizations that route traffic online .
NodeBeat Affinity Blue
A social generative music app where you move nodes around on screen to control the annotation and sounds in random sequences .
Its inherently social as well and allows for sharing on various social networks as well as Soundcloud .
momondo momondo
An modern and full featured flight comparison app that not only presents the comparative flights but organizes the trips based on your friends who live globally .
Its a new take on flight comparison and I think the design paradigm they use is unique and innovative .
Paratrooper Kaboom Industries LLC
A paper - craft parachuting game where you lean your mobile from side to side to adjust your fall to try for the perfect score on landing .
Color Zen Large Animal Games
A new kind of puzzle game where wearing your headphones is key .
Navigate your way through an abstract world of colors and shapes to an modern ambient soundtrack .
Home > The Revolt > Camera Destruction > Vigilantes Take on Speed Traps in Wyoming , Germany , Switzerland
The attorneys at Padilla & Associates , PLLC , are experienced in business formation , contract issues , personal injury claims , personal or business litigation and other matters .
Every legal matter in the firm is handled personally by founding attorney , Jeffrey W. Padilla , Esq. , an attorney with over fifteen years of experience fighting for individuals and businesses .
In personal injury , business law and litigation , we have scored victory after victory for our clients .
Put our experience on your side .
We have the knowledge , skills and dedication to help you overcome any legal obstacle .
We look forward to putting our experience to work for you .
Please contact us to schedule a free consultation .
No , the new Kick - Ass trailer is definitely not safe for work .
Lucky thing it ’s the weekend .
Enjoy a little bit of amateur superhero ass - kicking .
Want to take things a little further ?
Visit MySpace ’s Trailer Park , which is currently tricked out with a custom Kick - Ass skin that lets you wreck the place with weapons from the movie .
( I prefer Big Daddy ’s shotgun . )
Based on Mark Millar and John Romita Jr. ’s comic book about costumed do - gooders who take it upon themselves to fight crime , the action - comedy movie Kick - Ass premieres next month at the South by Southwest Film Festival and Conference in Austin , Texas , before hitting theaters April 16 .
Follow us on Twitter : @lewiswallace and @theunderwire .
See Also :
A new report by Australian researchers claims far more needs to be done if we are to feed the estimated 9 billion people who will be living on the planet by 2050 .
The report , by Professor Mark Tester and Professor Peter Langridge of the Australian Centre for Plant Functional Genomics at the University of Adelaide , appears today in the journal Science .
" The simple fact is while food production has increased by 32 million tonnes a year , an annual increase of 44 million tonnes a year is what 's actually needed to meet the food targets for 2050 set down by the World Summit on Food security , " Professor Tester said .
" But this represents a 38 per cent increase over historical improvements in food production and it needs to be sustained for the next 40 years .
" This scale of increase is unprecedented and will require huge changes to current food production methods . "
Climate change
Professor
Tester says our ability to increase or sustain crop yields and quality is being tested by changes to the environment caused by global warming and the growth in biofuels .
" Increasing food production in a stable environment would be challenging enough , but given the dynamic global environmental changes now occurring , it will be even harder , but not impossible , " he said .
The report says there will be some benefits from climate change , such as increasing CO2 levels acting as a fertiliser and rising temperatures increasing growth in higher latitudes and altitudes .
But it also means more damaging high temperature events , new pest and disease pressures and altered drought and rainfall patterns .
Professor Tester warns the current diversion of food into the production of biofuels is putting even further pressure on world food supplies .
" It 's obscenity that such a huge percentage of the maize crop is going into biofuel production when children are starving , " he said .
" We need biofuels , but we should use different feed stocks such as algal bio - diesel which wo n't impact world food stocks . "
Impact on Australia
Earlier this week , the Northern Australia Land and Water Taskforce released a report that concluded northern Western Australia is unlikely to become South East Asia 's next food bowl .
Professor
Tester says this is a pity , but believes Australia has enough to sustain a growing population .
" Australia grows more than enough to feed itself , even if our population were to be double the 36 million expected by 2050 , " he said .
But he warns other countries face an uncertain future .
" India , which has more undernourished people than Africa , is a real challenge , " he said .
" Especially with their government 's hard stand on genetically modified foods . "
Professor
Tester believes new breeding technologies are needed to increase crop yields by quickly identifying the best genes for any given conditions .
" Facilities like the Australian Centre for Plant Functional Genomics will help to quickly identify plant varieties that will grow successfully , " he said .
" This is the way forward if we are to feed the world in the future . "
In a live interview that aired Feb 2 on Metro Morning , a Toronto CBC - radio program , Pamela Taylor was put on the hot seat , asked to name any openly gay Conservative MPs or Ontario MPPs .
The trick is , none are openly gay .
She named John Baird , a Conservative cabinet minister who has always refused to discuss his sexuality in the media .
Baird is a familiar face in gay social circles in Ottawa .
He regularly chats up queer bureaucrats at Public Service Pride social events .
He ’s a friend of gay former Ottawa city councillor Alex Munter .
He ’s attended Ottawa ’s Pride parties , including the 2009 parade ( see photo ) .
In the media , he ’s often portrayed as a workaholic bachelor and is the frequent ( though non-sexual ) date of Laureen Harper .
Taylor is running in a Toronto - Centre provincial by - election to replace openly gay former deputy premier George Smitherman .
That election is Feb 4 .
Baird , 40 , was first elected in 1995 as a provincial Progressive Conservative .
In 1999 , he became a cabinet minister under then - premier Mike Harris .
Baird was responsible for the contentious welfare - to - work file during that time .
He was elected federally in 2006 .
As treasury board president that year , he stripped funding from the Court Challenges Program , a Chretien - era initiative that funded important gay legal battles , including the fight for gay marriage .
He also “ defanged ” Status of Women Canada and cut funding for adult literacy and medical marijuana research .
However , Baird has never voted against gay marriage federally and was one of 10 Conservative MPs to vote against reopening the issue late in 2006 .
Last November , he spoke out against a violent , anti-gay bill making its way through the Ugandan legislature .
At the time , he called it “ abhorrent ” and “ offensive ” and said that “ it offends Canadian values . ”
Taylor ’s comments were part of a scuffle over the provincial Progressive Conservatives ’ record on gay issues .
ANDY BARRIE : Can you think of a single openly gay Conservative politician , either provincially or federally , who is gay ?
TAYLOR : Openly gay ?
John Baird .
BARRIE : [ Stunned ]
Thank you .
You got me .
TAYLOR : And there are many others .
BARRIE : That was really dumb of me .
To listen to the clip , go to the Metro Morning website and click on Toronto By - Election ( it ’s about halfway through ) .
Representatives for Pam Taylor and John Baird have not returned our calls for comment .
This sleek fire red mouse may be a perfect Valentine 's gift .
Smooth and beautiful .
Until you see the whole thing from above .
See what I mean ?
[ Yanko Design ]
Bad Valentine is our own special take on the beauty — and awkwardness — of geek love .
Scott Brown is running for U.S. Senate as a pleasant guy in a pickup truck .
But a mean spirit drives some of his campaign .
At a West Springfield rally on Sunday , a Brown supporter yelled out “ Shove a curling iron up her butt ’’ .
The remark was a crude reference to Brown ’s opponent , Attorney General Martha Coakley , who was criticized in a recent Boston Globe story for failing to aggressively prosecute a sexual abuse case involving a curling iron .
After that charming rallying cry , a video clip shows Brown grinning and saying , “ We can do this . ’’
A campaign spokesman said the Republican state senator did n’t hear what was said and was merely giving his standard stump reply .
But if Brown did n’t hear it then , should n’t he - especially as the father of two daughters - be outraged now ?
Instead , when Sen. John F. Kerry called upon Brown to curb his supporters , a Brown campaign spokesman replied “ People are tired of John Kerry ’s partisan politics .
His baseless accusations reflect the desperate last gasps of a flailing campaign . ’’
If Brown is n’t outraged by the crudeness of the curling iron remark , you would think Massachusetts voters would be .
But so far , they ’re more outraged by Coakley ’s misstatement on a radio show that ex-Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling is a “ Yankee fan ’ ’ , as in the evil empire , New York ball club .
Coakley is accountable for her record as a prosecutor - and for her campaign mistakes .
But her opponent should also be accountable for the unpleasant rhetoric that some of his supporters are embracing in the last hours of this hard - fought campaign .
Messages posted on Coakley ’s campaign Facebook include these vicious sentiments : “ Scott Brown should rape Martha Coakley and then deny her emergency contraception ’’ .
“ Martha Coakley getting raped would complete my life . ’’
“ Abortion is wrong .
Kill her . ’’
After one message that states “ Looking forward to the rally Friday , Martha , ’’ a woman named Amelia Bosley writes :
“ Hope she gets shot . ’’
Imagine putting your name to that in the name of political change .
According to Coakley campaign spokeswoman Alex Zaroulis , some Brown supporters surrounded Coakley ’s car on Saturday in Gloucester and yelled “ You suck . ’’
On Monday , a Brown supporter in Pittsfield lay down on the road in front of Coakley ’s car , Zaroulis said .
Brown should answer for some of the ugliness , which is reminscent of the misogynist attacks directed at Hillary Clinton when she was running for president .
Yet , somehow Coakley is getting all the blame for the tenor of their bitter showdown .
Yes , she ran negative ads - and bad ones at that .
But , Brown supporters put up the first negative ad , which distorted a statement Coakley made about taxes .
Brown said he wished the ad would go away , but did nothing to make that happen .
Will not - my - problem be his attitude in Washington ?
Brown backers say they are voting for change .
Instead , they are supporting a slick , packaged politician who is happy to manipulate them .
There ’s nothing new about that .
Brown appeared at Monday ’s annual Martin Luther King Jr. breakfast for a purely political photo - op .
Then , Brown called out Coakley for giving a political speech at the event .
He hid behind his daughters rather than admit the truth .
He did sponsor an amendment that would have allowed emergency medical personnel to deny emergency contraception to rape victims .
If he believes in that principle , he should acknowledge it .
Who will he hide behind in Washington ?
The polls are reportedly breaking Brown ’s way and he may win .
The only way to stop him is to get out and vote for Coakley .
Turnout is key .
The Democrat ’s best hope is a strong ground game .
That ’s why Brown supporters are trying to suppress the vote , by bullying and making Coakley supporters believe the cause is hopeless .
That ’s the picture Brown is trying to paint .
It is n’t pretty , like a lot of his campaign .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
38.20 Packing and Unpacking Byte Arrays
This section describes how to pack and unpack arrays of bytes , usually for binary network protocols .
These functions convert byte arrays to alists , and vice versa .
The byte array can be represented as a unibyte string or as a vector of integers , while the alist associates symbols either with fixed - size objects or with recursive sub-alists .
To use the functions referred to in this section , load the bindat library .
Conversion from byte arrays to nested alists is also known as deserializing or unpacking , while going in the opposite direction is also known as serializing or packing .
BAGHDAD — The Iraqi government said Thursday that it would reinstate 20,000 army officers who served under Saddam Hussein , a surprising move given that Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al - Maliki has focused his campaign in the coming parliamentary elections around denouncing the former Baath government .
Mohammed al - Askari , a spokesman for the Ministry of Defense , said the prime minister approved the reinstatement of the officers , which he said would begin immediately .
With just over one week before Iraq holds its first national elections since 2005 , the announcement , made on state - run television , was greeted with skepticism by Mr. Maliki ’s rivals .
“ This is purely a means of trying to gain more votes , ” said Mayson al - Damalogi , a spokesman for Iraqiya , a coalition of Sunni and secular candidates headed by former Prime Minister Ayad Allawi .
Diplomatic relations between Israel and Australia are under new pressure , with news that three Australian passports were used in the Mossad assassination of a Hamas official .
What now for Australia and Israel ?
Diplomatic relations between Israel and Australia are under new pressure , with news that the Israeli Mossad agency allegedly tampered with three Australian passports as part of its assassination of Hamas official Mahmoud al - Mabhouh last month .
Foreign minister Stephen Smith said “ … if the results of ( our ) investigation cause us to come to the conclusion that the abuse of Australian passports was in any way sponsored or condoned by Israeli officials , then Australia would not regard that as the act of a friend ” .
Former foreign minister Alexander Downer said “ My recollection is that over time we have raised this issue with the Israelis .
We have raised the issue of Israeli intelligence officers using foreign passports and that they should not consider using Australian passports . ”
Israeli Foreign Ministery spokesperson Yigal Palmor said “ I have n’t heard any government accuse Israel of being involved in that , not in France , not in Britain , not in Ireland , not in Germany and now not in Australia …
There have been many hints , or direct accusations by media ( but ) … they do n’t represent any official stance .
We do n’t think we should feel concerned . ”
What now for Australia and Israel ?
Here ’s what the pundits are saying .
National Times
Daniel Flitton :
This is not the way to treat a steadfast friend
Thanks for signing up
We look forward to seeing you bright and early with your need - to - know talking points and tidbits for the day ahead .
Get Crikey FREE to your inbox every weekday morning with the Crikey Worm .
Please enter your email address Sign up
The facts of this case must first be established , but if it ’s shown that Israel has abused Australia ’s trust , that protection is forever diminished .
A long friendship is on the line .
Michelle Grattan : Rudd rides in to save the day
It was , of course , a serious issue and you ’d expect him ( Rudd ) to be out there , but it also gave him a useful opportunity to sound statesmanlike .
The Australian
Greg Sheridan :
Theft burned a strong supporter
It is astonishing to find a circumstance in which the PM is condemning Israel .
To misuse the Australian connection in this way is a very poor show by the Israelis .
Sydney Morning Herald
Peter Hartcher : Betrayed PM should not be taken for granted by Israel
And this only intensified his ( Rudd ’s ) sense of betrayal .
Courier - Mail
Dennis Atkins : Kevin Rudd ’s outrage will have little effect on Israeli
But behind the genuinely angry words from the Prime Minister and the Foreign Minister there is an understanding – and probably a grudging acceptance – that this is what Israel does .
Elsewhere
Mark Steven , New Matilda : Passport act ‘ Not the act of a friend ’
The media ’s emphasis on passports speaks to something at the very core of Israel ’s war with Palestine — and of today ’s global politics .
What it speaks to is the role of identity and , more precisely , the significance of names .
After more than a decade of resistance , the Fish and Wildlife Service said Tuesday that it would reverse previous decisions and protect the habitat of the jaguar .
The sleek , ferocious cats have been listed since 1997 as endangered , the highest level of peril for a wild species .
Still , the government has never designated critical habitat for the jaguar or come up with a formal recovery plan , steps that are commonly taken under the Endangered Species Act .
The federal government has given varying reasons for its refusal to act .
In 1997 , the Fish and Wildlife Service said that to protect the jaguar ’s habitat , it would have to make public maps of its range .
That would make the animals vulnerable to more poaching , already a primary cause of deaths , it said .
In 2006 , the service argued that jaguars were primarily native to South and Central America and that their range in the United States was largely incidental to its survival .
Energy has always been spotlighted .
In the past few years a lot of inventions have been made in this particular field .
Recently , we have talked about the tiny nuclear batteries that can provide energy for 10 years , but they use radioactive elements and are quite expensive .
Few years back some researchers from Stanford University started experiments concerning the ways in which a copier paper could be used as a battery source .
After a long way of struggle they , recently , concluded that the idea was right .
The batteries made from a plain copier paper could make for the future energy storage that is truly paper thin .
The anatomy of paper battery is based on the use of Carbon Nanotubes ; tiny cylinders to collect electric charge .
The paper is dipped in lithium containing solution .
The nano tubes will act as electrodes allowing storage device to conduct electricity .
Its astounding to know that all the components of a conventional battery are integrated in a single paper structure , hence the complete mechanism for a battery is minimized to a size of paper .
One of the many reasons behind choosing the paper as a medium for battery is the well designed structure of millions of interconnected fibers in it .
These fibers can hold on carbon nano tubes easily .
Also a paper has the capability to bent or curl .
You can fold it in different shapes and forms plus it as light as feather .
Output voltage is modest but it could be increased if we use a stack of papers .
Hence the voltage issues can be easily controlled without difficulty .
Usage of paper as a battery will ultimately lead to weight diminution of batteries many times as compared to traditional batteries .
It is said that the paper battery also has the capability of releasing the energy quickly .
That makes it best utilization for devices that needs burst of energy , mostly electric vehicles .
Further , the medical uses are particularly attractive because they do not contain any toxic materials .
Liangbing
Hu , lead author on the research said that the most important aspect of the demonstration was that paper is an inexpensive and well - understood material – making wider usage of the technology more likely .
“ Standard copier paper used in our everyday life can be a solution in storing energy in a more efficient and cheap way , ” Dr Hu told BBC News .
The team says that adaptations to the technique in the future could allow for simply painting the nanotube ink and active materials onto surfaces such as walls .
The team is planning to take the research to the next level where the concept could be experimented with a number of textiles , paving the way for batteries made largely of cloth .
This discovery may open up new doors .
Commercial applications may still be a long way , but there is a possibility that the paper batteries could replace the traditional batteries in gadgets , laptops , smartphones and other electronic devices .
Talk Introduction
We have witnessed and participated in great advances , in transportation , in computation , in communication , and in biotechnology .
But the advances that look like giant steps to us will pale into insignificance by contrast to the even bigger steps in the future .
Sometimes I try to imagine what we , the technologists of the second half of the 20th century , will be remembered for , if anything , hundreds of years from now .
I contend that at this moment in history we are at the beginning of an intellectual revolution based on the assimilation of computational ideas into our culture .
We have been programming universal computers for about 50 years .
The practice of computation arose from military , scientific , business , and accounting applications .
Just as the early Egyptian surveyors probably thought of themselves as experts in the development and application of surveying instruments , we have developed a priestly cult of computer scientists .
But , as I have pointed out : Computer Science is not a science , and its ultimate significance has little to do with computers .
The computer revolution is a revolution in the way we think and in the way we express what we think .
I will defend this viewpoint with examples and demonstrations .
About the Speaker Gerald Jay Sussman is the Matsushita Professor of Electrical Engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
He received the S.B. and the Ph.D. degrees in mathematics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1968 and 1973 , respectively .
He has been involved in artificial intelligence research at M.I.T. since 1964 .
His research has centered on understanding the problem - solving strategies used by scientists and engineers , with the goals of automating parts of the process and formalizing it to provide more effective methods of science and engineering education .
Sussman has also worked in computer languages , in computer architecture and in VLSI design .
License
The colloquium series videos are licensed slightly differently than our normal classes .
These are covered by the Creative Commons Attribution - NoDerivs license which allows free copying but does not allow for the creation of derivative works .
