ISLAMABAD , Pakistan 
In an exceptionally heavy barrage by American drones in Pakistan , five Predator aircraft fired 10 missiles at suspected militant compounds along the border with Afghanistan on Thursday .
Along with an earlier attack , at least 15 people , including 7 foreigners , were killed , Pakistani security officials said .
The stepped - up drone strikes came as the civilian government felt the repercussions of a Supreme Court decision on Wednesday that declared unconstitutional an amnesty for thousands of politicians accused of corruption .
On Thursday , the National Accountability Bureau , acting with remarkable speed , prohibited 247 people , including some cabinet ministers , from leaving the country , as corruption cases could be revived against them .
They included Defense Minister Chaudhry Ahmed Mukhtar , who was stopped at the Islamabad airport , along with his wife and secretary , from boarding a flight to China , where he was scheduled to make an official visit .
He complained publicly that he had not been informed of the ban .
A concordat is a legal agreement between a country and the Vatican .
It can set up a theological fiefdom where certain human rights do not apply — and where they can never again be reintroduced without the consent of the Catholic Church .
This is why concordats represent a fundamental threat to both democracy and human rights .
The Vatican finds many uses for its over 200 current concordats .
In May 2012 the Italian bishops even said that their concordat excused them from having to report to the police suspected cases of child abuse by fellow priests .
Concordat Watch is an online resource containing dozens of concordat translations , ( most appearing in English for the first time ) , as well as related documents , general background articles and expert commentary .
The editor is Muriel Fraser ( who is responsible for all unsigned material ) and the platform is generously provided by Notanant .
This site examines how Vatican concordats entangle church and state , and can prevent the free exercise of some human rights .
What are concordats ?
Concordats are international treaties with the Vatican that may range from granting little more than diplomatic recognition to a legally binding commitment to observe key aspects of Vatican doctrine and to have taxpayers subsidise the Church .
Because the state may be put under pressure to enforce these Vatican policies , Concordat Watch also includes material on church - state separation .
In other words , it treats political , but not religious secularism .
As the Armenian author Sevan Nisanyan said , “ I am not in the habit of discussing religious belief .
... [ It ] only becomes fair game when it tries to impose itself by force or by legal subterfuge . ”
Already a quarter of all health care in sub-Saharan Africa is provided by the Catholic Church .
The Order of Malta has a national branch in South Africa whose logo has a Zulu shield .
This work is increasingly being cemented by “ concordats ” between African nations and an order that stands directly under the pope .
This means no contraception and no abortions even for rape victims in the Congo .
Laws can be changed by parliaments , but concordats can’t .
That 's because they ’re supposed to be international treaties , that is , agreements between a real country and the Holy See ( the Vatican ) .
Even in democracies there is only a brief period , when the legislature has any say over a concordat .
That is the time between when the treaty text is revealed and when the ratification vote takes place .
This can sometimes be only a matter of days , which does not allow proper legal scrutiny of a very complicated document .
A number of other legislative tricks may be used to help get the concordat through : sixteen of these are revealed here .
Once the concordat is ratified it is set in stone .
That 's because treaties cannot be changed unilaterally .
Any alteration requires the consent of the Vatican .
And in a dictorship it 's still worse .
The concordat may be rubber - stamped by the military junta or even go through with no ratification at all , for the signature of the dictator or his foreign minister is enough .
Yet when the dictator is toppled , his concordat remains .
Read more
2. Concordats can ensure a never - ending transfer of state funds to the Church
Sometimes the money transfer is justified as compensation for church property nationalised as long as 200 years ago .
Concordats can lock in inflation - adjusted payments that cannot be ended unless the Vatican agrees .
Concordats often shift funds to the church by requiring that Catholic schools , hospitals and other agencies must be paid for by the state .
This gives the Church the say over what is taught and what services are offered , without having to pay the tab .
A concordat can also help Church agencies get tax exemptions , even for Church - run commercial enterprises .
And , despite all the state money flowing in , a concordat can ensure that the finances of the Church are kept secret .
Read more
3. Concordats can infringe on human rights
By giving advantages to one religious group , concordats can violate the requirement that all citizens and all religions be treated equally .
Occasionally concordats have outlawed divorce , even for non-Catholics .
Concordats can also anchor other parts of Canon ( or church )
Law by stipulating that this is to be used within Church institutions .
However , since these also include social agencies , many non-clerics and even non-Catholics may find themselves legally obliged to obey Church rules .
A concordat can also anchor Church doctrine in a country 's legal system .
For instance , the concordat with Hitler ( art. 9 ) ensures that even crimes cannot be reported if they have come to light through confession .
This has contributed to perpetuating child abuse .
Read more
Featured Topics
What are Concordats ?
These church - state accords give the Church massive state subsidies and other privileges .
They can effectively force liberal Catholics to observe orthodoxy , and can disadvantage non-Catholics , as well .
Hitler ’s concordat
This concordat with Nazi Germany was negotiated by Cardinal Pacelli ( later Pius XII ) .
It is still substantially in place , although all the other concordats with Fascist leaders have been revised or replaced .
Côte d’Ivoire concordat A concordat was made especially for “ the basilica in the bush ” which is as big as St. Peter ’s .
The concordat removes money from this desperately poor country for the upkeep of the huge and empty basilica .
What are the electoral consequences of net censorship ?
To sum it up – next to none , at least in terms of sitting ALP members that would be at a decent risk of losing their seats .
There will quite possibly be a number of very close contests where , say , 500 people changing their two party vote [… ]
What are the electoral consequences of net censorship ?
To sum it up – next to none , at least in terms of sitting ALP members that would be at a decent risk of losing their seats .
There will quite possibly be a number of very close contests where , say , 500 people changing their two party vote over net censorship ( out of an electorate of 90,000 odd enrolled voters ) would make the difference – but those sorts of line ball results in ultra marginal seats , particularly when the sitting member is likely to be a Coalition representative anyway , often come down to literally dozens of individual issues with the most influential usually being old fashion luck .
There are two seats however that could , possibly , perhaps – maybe , on a strange day where dogs and cats start living together in harmony – become an issue .
First up , if we measure the proportion of the voting population in each electorate that is between 18 - 34 years olds using the electoral roll data , we find the average proportion of all 150 electorates is around 27 % .
If we now just look at those electorates with a relatively high proportion of 18 - 34 year olds , let say 32 % or more ( ignoring the Territory seats ) , and see how their voting metrics played out in the 2007 election we get :
The redistributions have pushed a few of those seats around a bit , but it doesnt make a great deal of difference to what we ’re looking at here .
Before we get into that though , a few things probably need to be cleared up .
Firstly , any new party – say the Pirate Party - that runs in the Reps on an anti-censorship platform will be lucky to get their deposit back in most seats .
Even in those seats where they do get 4 % or 5 % of the vote , it would be unlikely that such a party could control the preference flows of its voters anyway – meaning the electoral impact would be minimal , even in those contests where Pirate Party preferences could decide the seat .
Secondly , generic partisan identification and anti-party identification will matter with preference flows .
Let ’s say you had 100 voters that would vote for a dedicated anti-censorship minor party – including 40 people that ordinarily vote for Labor at any given election .
When it comes down to a two party race between Liberal and Labor – as nearly every metropolitan seat does , those 40 ordinarily Labor voters would then have a decision to make .
They could either pursue a weak form protest and give their primary to a new party but their preferences to Labor over Liberal , or they could pursue a strong form protest by not only giving their primary vote to a new party , but also give their preferences to the party they usually see as their political opposition – the Liberals .
What will inevitably happen is that there will be both strong form and weak form protests – because of generic partisan identification issues – so preferences wo n’t flow from any protest party into the two party preferred of a Liberal Party candidate at any real level of strength , reducing the ultimate electoral power of that protest .
The anti-generic party identification , while also being an issue in the weak vs strong form protest , also becomes an issue for the third party in the best position to ride the protest vehicle in key seats – the Greens .
Some people will not vote Green under any circumstances , which limits the Greens ability to fully maximise their vote by attempting to position themselves as the anti-censorship political vehicle in key seats .
So even if the Greens could ride enough of the protest vote to come second behind the ALP in a seat , there is a significantly large anti-Green identification among Liberal Party voters that would be expected to push the Labor party , ultimately , over the two party preferred line in any ALP vs. Green TPP contest .
If we look at that table again and focus on the seats with the largest proportion of enrolled 18 - 34 year olds , we can eliminate Griffith for starters since it ’s not only Rudd ’s seats , but there is no large Green vote .
So that leaves the three central city seats of Sydney , Brisbane and Melbourne as outside potentials .
While the Green vote in Brisbane is the smallest of the three , Andrew Bartlett is standing for the Greens in that seat at the next election , where he will substantially lift the Greens vote anyway , making it more closely resemble Sydney and Melbourne in terms of voting patterns .
To be properly in the game with those seats , the Greens would need to poll nearly 40 % on their primary vote .
That would require them to reduce the ALP primary down to 40 % and the Liberals into the high teens .
Yet that still would n’t guarantee them a win , because they ’d still be forced to rely on a substantial flow of preferences from the remaining Liberal Party vote , which at this point would consist almost entirely of rusted on conservatives and ideological libertarians ( these being ultra inner metro seats )
Would a majority of the rusted on Liberal party voters preference the Greens over the ALP ?
Some might just to stick it to the ALP – but 60 % ?
Not likely considering the nature of the Liberal Party voters at that stage delivering preferences .
Melbourne would probably be the most likely seat for a Green win – but then only possibly , perhaps , maybe , on a very strange day where the stars align and dogs and cats start living together in harmony .
Ultimately , to be sure , the Greens would need to beat Labor on the primary vote – but net censorship in a million years would n’t deliver that sized swing since it ’s a third or fourth order issue for most people .
But Lindsay Tanner in Melbourne and Tanya Plibersek in Sydney will still be a little nervous and sniffing the breeze of their local electorate just in case .
The only electoral consequences will likely be in the Senate – in the battle for the final seat or two in each state where 3 % of the population make all the difference and where partisan identification is much , much weaker .
UPDATE :
In Melbourne prefs flowed at a high rate in 2007 from Libs to the Greens .
Some will argue it can happen again – it could , a really valid argument .
However , it wont flow at the same rate if the Libs vote starts dropping because a larger proportion of Lib primary voters left will have an anti-Green identification – a sort of “ those Libs with any Green get up and go , got up and left ” effect .
Would the reduction in the Lib vote create a small enough reduction in prefs flow to the Greens to let them get over the line against the ALP off a much smaller primary vote - say 32 - 34 % ?
I do n’t think it would – but many others , validly , will argue it could .
( Visited 29 times , 1 visits today )
Indulge me while I tell you a story  a near - future version of Charles Dickens ’s “ A Christmas Carol . ”
It begins with sad news : young Timothy Cratchit , a k a Tiny Tim , is sick .
And his treatment will cost far more than his parents can pay out of pocket .
Fortunately , our story is set in 2014 , and the Cratchits have health insurance .
Not from their employer : Ebenezer Scrooge does n’t do employee benefits .
And just a few years earlier they would n’t have been able to buy insurance on their own because Tiny Tim has a pre-existing condition , and , anyway , the premiums would have been out of their reach .
But reform legislation enacted in 2010 banned insurance discrimination on the basis of medical history and also created a system of subsidies to help families pay for coverage .
Even so , insurance does n’t come cheap  but the Cratchits do have it , and they ’re grateful .
God bless us , everyone .
O.K. , that was fiction , but there will be millions of real stories like that in the years to come .
Imperfect as it is , the legislation that passed the Senate on Thursday and will probably , in a slightly modified version , soon become law will make America a much better country .
The last country to carry out such a rapid nuclear expansion was the United States in the 1970s , in a binge of reactor construction that ended with the Three Mile Island accident in Pennsylvania in 1979 .
And China is placing many of its nuclear plants near large cities , potentially exposing tens of millions of people to radiation in the event of an accident .
In addition , China must maintain nuclear safeguards in a national business culture where quality and safety sometimes take a back seat to cost - cutting , profits and outright corruption  as shown by scandals in the food , pharmaceutical and toy industries and by the shoddy construction of schools that collapsed in the Sichuan Province earthquake last year .
“ At the current stage , if we are not fully aware of the sector ’s over - rapid expansions , it will threaten construction quality and operation safety of nuclear power plants , ” Li Ganjie , the director of China ’s National Nuclear Safety Administration , said in a speech this year .
A top - level corruption scandal is already unfolding in the nuclear industry .
In August , the Chinese government dismissed and detained the powerful president of the China National Nuclear Corporation , Kang Rixin , in a $ 260 million corruption case involving allegations of bid-rigging in nuclear power plant construction , according to official media reports .
No charges have been reported against Mr. Kang , who is being held incommunicado for interrogation .
While none of Mr. Kang ’s decisions publicly documented would have created hazardous conditions at nuclear plants , the case is a worrisome sign that nuclear executives in China may not always put safety first in their decision - making .
In an interview with the Welt am Sonntag newspaper , Guttenberg proposed opening up channels for dialog with certain Taliban groups , but warned of the pitfalls of such a strategy .
Describing his definition of ' moderate ' Taliban , Guttenberg said " there were differences between the groups in Afghanistan , with some , which radically oppose anything western and whose goal it is to fight our culture , and those which are simply immersed in their own , local culture . "
The defense minister said that he believed " cutting off every form of communication was no longer valid on the whole , although there must be criteria . "
" One does not have to follow Obama "
Guttenberg again rejected demands by US President Barack Obama to boost Germany 's troop contingent in Afghanistan , saying " I would be careful with the words : one has to follow Obama . "
" We should establish our own goal of forming a strategy that reflects our own experience , " he said .
NATO and the White House have urged Germany to provide at least an additional two battalions for northern Afghanistan .
In a reference to the scheduled conference on Afghanistan in London at the end of January , Guttenberg said that " the first logical step of any new strategic approach is not to say we will send more troops and then figure out the strategy , but to formulate the strategy and then decide how many troops and civilians we will need . "
By the same token , Guttenberg criticized opposition Social Democrat leader Sigmar Gabriel , who has rejected outright any boosting of German troop strength in Afghanistan .
That again would mean " making a commitment before defining a strategy , " he said .
gb/dpa/AFP/Reuters
Editor : Andreas Illmer
Tiger Woods did not suffer facial lacerations from a car accident .
They were inflicted by his wife , Elin Nordegren -- according to a conversation Woods had Friday after the accident .
Tiger has yet to be formally interviewed by the Florida Highway Patrol -- that should happen this afternoon .
But we 're told Tiger had a conversation Friday -- with a non-law enforcement type -- detailing what went down before his Escalade hit a fire hydrant .
We 're told he said his wife had confronted him about reports that he was seeing another woman .
The argument got heated and , according to our source , she scratched his face up .
We 're told it was then Woods beat a hasty retreat for his SUV -- but according to our source , Woods says his wife followed behind with a golf club .
As Tiger drove away , she struck the vehicle several times with the club .
We 're told Woods became " distracted , " thought the vehicle was stopped , and looked to see what had happened .
At that point the SUV hit the fire hydrant and then hit a tree .
We 're also told Woods had said during the conversation Friday he had been taking prescription pain medication for an injury , which could explain why he seemed somewhat out of it at the scene .
Alamy
Wallaroo the hell are you ?
WALLAROOS , bandicoots and other marsupials on Barrow Island off the north - west coast of Australia will watch curiously over coming months as workers start building a huge plant to liquefy natural gas there .
The project , called Gorgon after the group of gasfields lying under the seabed nearby , had been on the drawing board for 30 years before a surge in demand for gas from booming Asian countries finally got things moving .
Jon Chadwick , an executive vice - president at Royal Dutch Shell , which is involved in Gorgon and several other liquefied natural gas ( LNG ) schemes nearby , predicts that by 2020 Australia could become the world 's second - biggest exporter of LNG ( it is now fifth ) , surpassed only by Qatar .
Australia has long been considered a “ lucky country ” thanks to its wealth of natural resources .
Prodigious exports of iron ore , coal and other commodities have helped it survive the global downturn without a recession .
Ken Henry , Australia 's most senior financial bureaucrat , talks of “ a period of unprecedented prosperity ” ahead .
If so , gas will be one of its main drivers , dwarfing even earlier resource booms in its scale .
Most of Australia 's gas , like the Gorgon field , lies under the Indian Ocean off the near - deserted northern coast of the state of Western Australia — a long way from the country 's big cities , where most electricity is produced from coal .
But by comparison with other big exporters , it is not far from Japan and South Korea , Asia 's biggest importers , or China and India , the fastest - growing markets .
The sums being invested are huge : Pluto , a big project being developed by Woodside , a local firm , has a price tag of A $ 12 billion ( $ 11 billion ) ; the expected bill for Gorgon , a joint venture between Chevron , Exxon Mobil and Shell , is roughly four times that .
Martin Ferguson , Australia 's Resources Minister , says Gorgon and Pluto could double the value of Australia 's LNG exports to A $ 24 billion a year in eight years .
If eight other projects under consideration get the nod , export earnings could increase by a factor of five .
This month Australia 's central bank projected that investment in LNG would account for 2.5 % of economic output in five years , a fivefold increase from now .
George Kirkland of Chevron says if Saudi Arabia is all about oil , “ Australia is all about gas . ”
Australia 's gas reserves rank only 14th in the world , according to BP .
But proximity to Asia , a search for cleaner fuels than coal ( Australia 's biggest export ) and political and economic instability in rival supplying countries have helped turn Australia into the “ optimum place ” for LNG projects , according to Don Voelte , Woodside 's boss .
New technology should help open up yet more fields .
Shell is working on a plan to install the world 's first floating liquefaction plant at two fields north of Gorgon .
This will save the expense of building pipelines to plants onshore and thus allow “ stranded ” gas , once thought unviable , to be exploited .
What is more , it would allow the plant to be reused , reducing the expense of tapping new fields yet further .
And on the other side of the country , in the state of Queensland , investors have started pouring money into plans to convert gas from coalfields into LNG for export — the first projects of their kind in the world .
Problems such as the labour shortages of earlier booms seem likely .
As it is , Western Australia 's remote mines and construction sites struggle to attract enough workers .
The Australian Petroleum Production and Exploration Association , an industry body , says Gorgon and all other proposed projects will need about 50,000 workers over the next 15 years .
The federal government has set up a task force to figure out how to find them .
Environmental concerns could also prove nettlesome .
A recent spill from an oil rig off Australia 's northern coast took ten weeks to plug , prompting activists to redouble their opposition to oil - and - gas development along Western Australia 's pristine coastline .
Yet the Gorgon consortium has scored green points with its plan to rebury the carbon dioxide it pumps up along with the field 's gas .
So far , Australia 's LNG industry seems to have sidestepped the biggest potential problem altogether .
“ You might have thought the global financial crisis would have slowed things down , ” says Graeme Bethune , chief executive of Energy Quest , a consultancy .
“ But it has n't .
That shows the global appetite for gas projects .
They just have n't paused . ”
LAKE FOREST , Calif . — Evangelical pastor Rick Warren appealed to parishioners at his Orange County megachurch Wednesday to help fill a $ 900,000 deficit by the first of the year .
Warren made the appeal in a letter posted on the Saddleback Church Web site .
It begins " Dear Saddleback Family , THIS IS AN URGENT LETTER . "
" With 10 percent of our church family out of work due to the recession , our expenses in caring for our community in 2009 rose dramatically while our income stagnated , " the letter reads .
Still , Warren said the church managed to stay within its budget , but " the bottom dropped out " when Christmas donations dropped .
" On the last weekend of 2009 , our total offerings were less than half of what we normally receive — leaving us $ 900,000 in the red for the year , " the letter reads .
* Some links on this page may be affiliate links .
One of the most important things when it comes to personal finance is taking control of your money , instead of allowing it to control you .
You need to track your monthly income and expenses , and give every dollar a name and a job .
All income should be assigned to an expense category , or to a saving category .
Every penny .
If you allow your excess income to remain unassigned , it will disappear , I guarantee it .
( I know from personal experience . )
Budgeting Programs To Help Track Your Money
Tracking your family budget is becoming easier all the time as new software options appear on the market every day .
Here ’s a giant list of some of the best budgeting options available .
Some programs are free , some have free trials , and some do cost money .
Both Mac and Windows programs are included .
Desktop And Online Money Applications
Excel Budget Templates
iOS & Android Money Apps
So there you go .
There is no shortage of options when it comes to personal finance tracking and budget software .
There really is no excuse for not doing a budget .
So why not get started today ?
My Personal Choice For Best Budgeting Software
So there are a ton of options on this page for budgeting software .
I have personally tried quite a few of them , and when it comes down to it there are three main ones that I would recommend , and that I use on a regular basis .
Those include :
You Need A Budget :
This has been my go to budgeting software for going on 5 years now .
I use it every day , and my wife and I both prefer it to other software .
: This has been my go to budgeting software for going on 5 years now .
I use it every day , and my wife and I both prefer it to other software .
Tiller Money : I also have started using Tiller Money as an easy to use automated budgeting spreadsheet to complement YNAB .
It automatically pulls my bank transactions and categorizes them for me .
I love it – and they have an Excel spreadsheet version as well !
: I also have started using Tiller Money as an easy to use automated budgeting spreadsheet to complement YNAB .
It automatically pulls my bank transactions and categorizes them for me .
I love it – and they have an Excel spreadsheet version as well !
Personal Capital : I use this mainly for tracking my investment accounts .
It gives me a good 10,000 foot view of my investing activity , and has some good tracking for general finances as well .
Do you have a favorite personal finance software – either online , desktop or mobile ?
If you do , let us know about it ( and leave a link ) in the comments .
We ’ll add it to the list !
Copenhagen Suborbitals becomes the first official Friend of CSTART
Today , Peter Madsen of Copenhagen Suborbitals , a Denmark - based manned suborbital space project with an open source philosophy , accepted an offer to become a Friend of CSTART .
This makes Copenhagen Suborbital the first official participant in our Friends of CSTART program !
The program is intended to help foster a sense of community between open source space projects and to encourage close sharing of ideas and experience , as well as raising awareness and attracting new members to these projects .
The Copenhagen team has had a lot of fantastic success test firing simple - to - build hybrid rocket engines , much like those we hope to use in our projects , so we are looking forward to a very profitable working relationship with them .
Not only have Copenhagen Suborbitals become a Friend of CSTART , but they have made an extremely generous offer for someone from CSTART to visit their workship in Copenahgen and attend a static test firing of one of their rockets , and also to exchange ideas and ask questions of them in person .
CSTART is very keen to take advantage of this excellent opportunity and will do everything in its power to make sure we can do so .
Offers of Friendship have been extended to a number of other groups whom we are still waiting to hear back from .
The above film is the 30 minute version of ' Burned : Are trees the new coal ? '
Below is the discussion from the Campaign against Climate Change webinar , 9 June 2020 , with two of the film 's US filmmakers , Lisa Merton and Chris Hardee .
Along with Biofuelwatch campaigner Pete Deane and Sam Mason from PCS Union and host Suzanne Jeffery from Campaign against Climate Change , they discuss what we can learn from the film , and how campaigners can help redirect the massive subsidies currently being diverted from true renewables to an industry that damages the climate .
Take action : Open letter for organisations to sign to call for subsidies to be directed from biomass to renewables .
Individuals can contact their MP with the same request .
Agrofuels ( biofuels from intensive agriculture ) are increasingly being burned as a supposedly ' green ' alternative to fossil fuels .
However , because of emissions from deforestation and intensive agriculture , they can be at least as damaging to the climate as coal , oil and gas .
Palm oil is one of the most notorious - as well as an ingredient in food , it is also being used in biodiesel in the EU , ironically in an attempt to lower carbon emissions , despite the devastation palm oil plantations have caused , being linked to mass burning of Indonesian forests which have made Indonesia the third largest carbon emitter in the world .
The climate impacts of wood burning are less well known , but can be significant , both because of the links to deforestation and because the rate of CO2 emissions are not matched by forest regrowth : it can take between thirty five to fifty years for new trees planted now to offset the carbon released by harvesting and burning the forests that preceeded them , nor is this regrowth guaranteed in many cases .
The largest burner of biomass in the UK , and in fact in the world , is Drax power station in Yorkshire , which burnt pellets made from 12 million tonnes of wood last year - a million more tonnes than the UK produces in a single year .
Far from being offcuts , as Drax claims , most of the wood pellets are imported from North America , with a significant proportion coming from clear - cutting highly biodiverse coastal wetland forests .
Others come from pine monocultures which have replaced what were once biodiverse and thriving forests .
Drax is only able to survive due to large renewable energy subsidies of over £ 2 million a day , which enables it to continue being the largest burner of coal and emitter of CO2 in the UK .
Through their # AxeDrax campaign , Biofuelwatch are working to end these damaging biomass subsidies , campaigning for proper support for truly renewable technologies such as wind and solar , and energy efficiency .
In Febuary 2017 , a study was published concerning the sustainability of biofuels .
The author , Duncan Brack , who is a former special adviser at the UK Department of Energy and Climate Change , states that emissions from pellets are higher than coal , and that the UK 's government substantial subsides for biomass should be reviewed urgently .
For more information see this article by New Scientist .
For more information , see https://www.biofuelwatch.org.uk
You can also view our past biofuel campaigns page here .
London , England ( CNN ) --
Film - maker Joss
Whedon says he wants to buy the rights to the multi-million dollar " Terminator " franchise -- not for millions , or hundreds of thousands of dollars , but for ten grand .
That 's right , $ 10,000 .
The " Buffy the Vampire Slayer " creator made the unlikely bid in an open letter to the owners of the franchise posted on fan site Whedonesque .
After four movies and a TV series , the franchise does not seem to pack the same punch as it once did at the box office .
This year 's " Terminator : Salvation " starring Christian Bale took in $ 371 million worldwide , according to boxofficemojo.com .
By comparison , 2003's " Terminator 3 : Rise of the Machines , " which , unlike its sequel , did at least feature Arnold Schwarzenegger , took in $ 433 million .
Nevertheless , rights to make new Terminator films are expected to garner more than $ 60 million at auction , as first reported by the Financial Times .
The rights to make future " Terminator " movies , TV shows , games and DVDs are being auctioned after current owner Halcyon sought bankruptcy protection .
Halcyon paid $ 25 million for the rights two years ago .
FTI Consulting , which is managing the auction , told CNN that major film studios , independent producers and investment funds are all following the sale .
Whedon's bid may be far fetched , but the letter -- written in characteristically irreverent style -- has bloggers and fans wondering just how serious he is about reworking the franchise .
New York Magazine 's Vulture blog referred to Whedon as being a " facetiously interested " bidder while fans on Whedonesque offered to pitch in for the cause .
One fan commented : " Hey , I 've got ... let 's see ... $ 14.85 right here .
I 'll gladly add it to the pile of anyone who'll bring us some more proper Terminator . "
In his letter , posted on Monday , Whedon writes : " The ' Terminator ' story is as formative and important in our culture -- and my pretend play -- as any I can think of .
It 's far from over . "
Whedon , the force behind the " Buffy " and " Angel " TV series , as well as the short - lived " Firefly " and new show " Dollhouse , " outlines six apparently jokey ideas for the franchise in the letter .
He writes : " Christian Bale 's John Connor will get a throat lozenge .
This will also help his Batwork ( ten grand for that franchise too , btw . ) "
Whedon also suggests sending a Terminator to Middle Earth , who helps because " he 's a cyborg and he does n't give a s#& % about the ring -- it has no power over him ! "
But Whedon , who wrote the memorable " Once More , With Feeling " musical episode of " Buffy , " draws the line at incorporating song into the " Terminator " concept .
" Can you say ... musical ?
Well do n't .
Even I know that 's an awful idea , " he says .
But under his direction , " the movies will stop getting less cool , " Whedon writes .
Kevin Shultz , senior managing director at FTI Consulting who is leading the deal , told CNN that he was not aware of any serious proposal made by Whedon .
Whether a $ 10,000 bid would be even considered in an auction expected to fetch tens of millions , Shultz said : " The numbers speak for themselves . "
And Whedon , who ranks high in geekdom , admits he may not be a serious contender .
" ... Mostly , it 's just me being a dumb-ass , because that seems to be what I do best -- I 'm not even very good at that .
So , no , I do not think they 're going to call me and say ' Congratulations !
We 'll have that $ 10,000 now , ' " he told EW.com .
But there is a sincerity of sorts behind his far - fetched bid .
" I adore the franchise .
I literally did learn a huge amount from that [ franchise ] .
[ " The Terminator " ] came out when I was in college , and I was like , This is how you construct a story .
It 's very important to me .
That part was true .
The part where I think I 'm going to get it , not so true , " he was quoted as saying .
Last month , Amazon 's Kindle broke sales records as it was once again a hot item to give this holiday season .
When countless people turned on their new Christmas Kindles for the first time yesterday , what do you think was the first thing that they did ?
That 's right :
They bought ebooks to fill up their Kindle hard drives .
A lot of them .
In fact , those new Kindle owners broke a record .
According to Amazon , yesterday marked the first time that more ebooks were sold than real books .
The Digital Book Revolution ?
Hold Your Horses
Did digital books finally defeat pen and paper this Christmas , though ?
Let 's think about this logically :
- While not releasing any numbers , Amazon announced that more Kindle books were sold than real books through Amazon on Christmas day .
-
It would make sense that there would be elevated Kindle purchases on Christmas ; people getting new Kindles as gifts would certainly want to make them useful by adding their favorite books .
-
It also makes sense that real book sales would be down .
The Christmas shopping season would have passed and most people were concentrating on their families , not shopping , that day .
If we follow the logic trail , then Amazon 's announcement that the " Kindle is the most gifted item ever " makes perfect sense .
Its announcement is also mostly PR smoke and mirrors .
More people may have Kindles now than ever , but ebook sales still pale in comparison to the countless paper books that were sold this Christmas season .
We do have to give credit where it is due , though ; it is another milestone for the constantly - growing e-commerce giant .
Amazon sold over 9.5 million items ( a staggering 110 items per second ) at its peak on December 14 , yet another record .
It 's also safe to say that the Kindle , even with new competitors entering its territory , will continue to dominate and grow as more and more people embrace digital prints from their favorite authors .
More Than Four Decades of Legal Experience
Legal issues often bring unwelcome and unnecessary stress to the lives of all those involved .
A knowledgeable attorney representing your rights can make all the difference .
If you have legal concerns , do not hesitate to speak with an experienced attorney at Bush & Heise , Attorneys At Law .
We are ready to handle your case .
If you need legal assistance with a family law or estate planning matter , contact a Barrington divorce attorney serving Cook , Lake and McHenry counties or call us at 1-847-382-4560 to receive a free initial consultation and detailed assessment of your situation .
We offer evening and weekend appointments for your convenience .
( CNN ) --
The Mexican military has tortured and illegally killed citizens and committed other serious human rights violations as it battles the nation 's drug cartels and organized crime groups , Amnesty International said in a report Tuesday .
The human rights group accuses authorities of failing to investigate allegations of abuses by the military , including abductions , extrajudicial and other unlawful killings , torture , ill treatment and arbitrary detentions .
" There is a disturbing pattern of crimes committed by the military in their security operations , abuse that is being denied and ignored by both the civilian and the military authorities in Mexico , " said Kerrie Howard , deputy director of Amnesty International 's Americas program .
The Mexican government issued a statement late Tuesday saying the country 's interior secretary will analyze the report carefully and will make recommendations at the appropriate time .
" The federal government recognizes the work that the armed forces are doing in combatting crime and organized delinquency , " the statement said .
" At the same time , the government recognizes the consequences its actions could generate in its contact with the citizenry , so it has adopted preventive measures .
" In this sentiment , the Mexican government has full intent and ability to punish authorities and public servants who could commit any violation of human rights in the exercise of their functions and duties . "
Mexican President Felipe Calderon did not address the report but mentioned human rights at a ceremony Tuesday .
" It is time to redouble our efforts to leave our children the Mexico that we want , and that Mexico that we want should be , of course , a Mexico that scrupulously respects the fundamental rights of people , " Calderon said .
Analysts said Mexican officials are keenly aware of the situation .
" It 's an issue that has raised concern on both sides of the border , " said Andrew Selee , director of the Woodrow Wilson Center 's Mexico Institute .
" It 's an issue that everybody 's talking about . "
The Mexican military has played an increasingly important role in the war on drug cartels that Calderon declared after assuming office in December 2006 .
Nearly 50,000 troops have been posted nationally to troubled areas such as Ciudad Juarez , where vicious drug gangs have outmatched and outgunned local and state police .
Nearly 14,000 drug- related killings have been reported in the nation from January 2008 to July 2009 , the Mexican National Human Rights Commission said .
Ciudad Juarez , on the U.S. border , has accounted for more than 3,000 deaths from January 2008 through September 2009 , the Human Rights Commission said .
The abuses are a consequence of that violence and the stepped - up military presence , some analysts said .
" Once a decision was made that the military was going to take a frontal role in the combat against organized crime , it had to be expected that the number of complaints was going to increase a lot , " said Ana Maria Salazar , a TV and radio commentator in Mexico City .
" The issue here , " she said , " is whether there is a pattern , and is there a pattern being approved by Mexican authorities ?
Is it something that the Mexican government is using as a strategy to fight organized crime ?
I do n't think that 's the case . "
London , England - based Amnesty International said it sees a " growing trend of abuses . "
The National Human Rights Commission received nearly 2,000 complaints of abuse by the military between January 2008 and June 2009 , Amnesty International said .
By comparison , there were 367 complaints in 2007 and 182 in 2006 .
Amnesty International said it believes many more cases go unreported .
For example , the international organization said , a human rights group in Nuevo Laredo reported receiving 70 complaints involving arbitrary detention , torture and other ill treatment by the military between January 2008 and September 2009 .
But only 21 individuals lodged legal complaints .
The rest feared reprisals , Amnesty International said .
" The cases that we have been able to investigate are truly shocking , " Howard said in a release .
" But what is more shocking is that we know that this is only the tip of the iceberg . "
The human rights group said the military investigates few cases , and those that are looked into " are dealt with in virtually closed military courts where victims and their relatives have no access to information or status on which they can challenge judicial or court proceedings . "
A lack of independence and impartiality by the military legal system has resulted in the denial of justice to victims and impunity for perpetrators , Amnesty International and other observers said .
" In situations where there is no transparent military judicial system in place , that creates incentives for abuse , " said the Mexico Institute 's Selee .
Peter Hakim , president of the Inter - American Dialogue policy institute in Washington , said he sees no easy solutions .
" The question is how you deal with it , " Hakim said .
" I just do n't know . "
Human rights violations could make the fights against the cartels even more difficult , Amnesty International said .
" The abuses we have seen contribute to the deterioration of the security situation in Mexico , " Howard said .
" By failing to take action to prevent and punish serious human rights violations , the Mexican government could be seen to be complicit in these crimes . "
TV analyst Salazar said she wonders if the military is alone in committing abuses .
" What I do n't know , " she said , " is whether the number of complaints against police have gone up .
That would be interesting . "
Amnesty International urged Mexico to " take immediate steps to ensure prompt and impartial investigations by the civilian authorities so those responsible are brought before the civilian courts and victims receive reparations . "
Mexican officials must " recognize the seriousness and scale of the reports of human rights abuses committed by members of the military as well as the level of complicity of civilian authorities in covering up these abuses and to make the issue a government priority , " Amnesty International said .
It ’s so very important to have a variety of health beverages in your weight - reduction plan every day .
It ’s undoubtedly not a great thing and when there are methods to improve your health to make it higher to deal with , I ’m all for getting it out there for people to see . …
The evolutionary significance of religion is a hot topic .
Several researchers have suggested that religious belief is one or another sort of parasitic meme that exploits the existing architecture of the human mind ( I made joking reference to this view in my earlier post How the Dawkins Stole Christmas , but I suggest a couple of serious readings below ) .
Others have asked whether religious beliefs might be adaptive in some way -- inspiring group cohesiveness or helping us stay in line when we 're not sure whether anyone is watching .
But in some recently published findings Jessica Li , Jason Weeden , Adam Cohen , and I have approached religion from another adaptationist angle .
Rather than searching for the causes of heavenly beliefs inside people 's heads , we started the search in their corporal bodies , investigating how religious participation might directly serve some people 's reproductive strategies .
------------------------------------
In a pair of experiments now in press at the Journal of Experimental Social Psychology , we asked people about their belief in God and about the importance of religion in their lives .
The most fascinating aspect of the research was this : seeing a lot of highly attractive and available fellow students made subjects profess more belief in God .
Want to guess how it worked ?
Was it seeing attractive members of the opposite that made people more religious ?
That 's what I would have predicted .
And I 'd have guessed further that the effect would be found in men , for whom a lot of beautiful and available women would mean more opportunities for unrestricted sex .
But I was wrong .
What we found instead was this : Women professed more religious piety when they saw beautiful women ; men were more likely to look to the heavens when they saw a lot of handsome men .
The findings fit with some earlier research we reported in Evolution and Human Behavior .
Weeden , Cohen and I had analyzed data from 21,131 people in the U.S. General Social Survey .
We also asked 902 students at four American universities about their family plans , their sexual attitudes , their religious attendance , their moral feelings about stealing , , and so on .
We found the strongest predictors of attending church were those related to sexual and family values ( opposition to , to premarital sex , to abortion , and the like ) .
When we statistically controlled for the sexual and family value items , the links between religious attendance and the other moral values disappeared .
These earlier findings made two important points .
First , conservative attitudes about sex and reproduction are at the heart of people 's participation in traditional religious groups .
Second , attitudes about sex and family are causes of religious attendance , and not just effects of religious training .
The traditional view was that religious teachings cause people to hold conservative attitudes about sex ; our findings suggested that conservative attitudes may cause people to become involved in religion .
If our Reproductive theory was correct , we reasoned that people might decide to increase or decrease their level of religious participation as a function of whether that participation would advance or hinder their current sexual and reproductive strategies .
In fact , we began to wonder whether the link between religiosity and reproduction was malleable enough to move around with a laboratory manipulation .
The results of the two experiments in press - showing that people in fact become more religious after seeing attractive competitors - are consistent with this reasoning .
Why does this happen ?
We think the results fit with the idea that people must choose between a conservative monogamous lifestyle and a more freewheeling unrestricted approach .
When you become aware that there are a lot of highly attractive competitors out there , it reduces the perceived benefits of playing a fast and loose mating strategy ( popular among many undergraduates at schools like Arizona State or UCLA , where mating opportunities might sometimes seem unlimited ) .
For women , a lot of beautiful competitors means less from the attractive men who might provide good , and perhaps even vie to support your offspring .
For men , an abundance of especially handsome and available guys means that if you 're playing the field , you may be playing with yourself for most of the game .
When circumstances suggest limited opportunities , any normal person -- who does not look like a fashion model - could benefit from those religion - based supports for .
These findings are especially interesting in light of the traditional tendency to focus on religiosity 's roots in genes , temperament , and early upbringing .
They suggest that religiosity can also be a flexible strategic response to the current mating environment .
Doug Kenrick is the author of the recent book Sex , Murder , and the Meaning of Life : A psychologist investigates how evolution , cognition , and complexity are revolutionizing our view of human nature .
References :
Li , Y.J. , Cohen , A.B. , Weeden , J. , & Kenrick , D.T. ( 2010 ) .
Mating Competitors Increase Religious Beliefs .
Journal of Experimental Social Psychology .
In press
Weeden , J. , Cohen , A.B. , & Kenrick , D.T. ( 2008 ) .
Religious attendance as reproductive support .
Evolution & Human Behavior , 29 , 327-334 .
More on the of religious beliefs :
Boyer , P. ( 2003 ) .
Religious thought and behaviour as by - products of brain function .
Trends in Cognitive Science , 7 , 119 -124 .
Johnson , D. , & Bering , J. ( 2006 ) .
Hand of God , mind of man : and in the evolution of .
Evolutionary Psychology , 4 , 219-233 .
Kirkpatrick , L. A. ( 2005 ) . , evolution , and the psychology of religion .
New York : Guilford .
Shariff , A. F. , & Norenzayan , A. ( 2007 ) .
God is watching you : God concepts
increases prosocial behavior in an anonymous economic game .
Psychological Science , 18 , 803-809 .
Wilson , D. S. ( 2002 ) .
Darwin's Cathedral : Evolution , Religion , and the Nature of Society .
Chicago : University of Chicago Press .
Cells are not static .
They can transform themselves over time -- but change can have dangerous implications .
Benign cells , for example , can suddenly change into cancerous ones .
That 's one reason why scientists are trying to figure out why and how cells can shed their old identity and take on a new one .
If they can figure out how this happens , researchers may better understand why many different cells -- such as stem cells or cells that become cancerous -- transform .
That , in turn , could someday allow scientists to control the transformative process in a way that might help treat a wide range of diseases .
Jeffrey Laney , assistant professor of biology at Brown University , has identified one way this change takes place by looking at Saccharomyces cerevisae , a common yeast used to make beer and bread .
Laney found that a cellular " machine " removes a regulatory " lid " from genes in the cell , so the cell can change its state .
Details are published online in Nature Cell Biology , with a print version to come .
" We have known that cells shed their old identity .
What we did n't know is how that mechanism occurred , " said Laney , the paper 's lead author and a resaearcher in the Department of Molecular Biology , Cell Biology and Biochemistry .
The finding could shed new light on many different biological transitions , Laney said , where cells change or evolve as part of their normal functioning .
To conduct the study , Laney and his lab tracked the cellular change that takes place in baker 's yeast .
Specifically , they looked at the organism as its " a " cells switched to " alpha " cells in order to self - fertilize .
( The process would be analogous to an egg becoming a sperm ) .
Laney 's team found that a regulatory protein " sits " on genes inside the cell , capping those genes -- turning them off -- and managing the cell 's identify as a result .
Another regulatory molecule can pull that protein off the genes , allowing the genes to be switched on and to transform the cell from the " a " type into the " alpha " type .
Although the genes Laney 's lab studied do not exist in humans , the idea of cellular change by changing a gene expression state from on to off , or off to on , is considered universal in all cells .
Understanding how this process happens normally will allow scientists to gain insight into pathological situations when the cell transformation process goes wrong , Laney said .
Alexander Wilcox , a postdoctoral research associate , is a co-author of the paper .
Laney received funding for the study from the National Institutes of Health and from a March of Dimes Basil O'Connor Starter Scholar Research Award .
( CNN ) -- A Johns Hopkins University student killed an apparent burglar with a samurai sword after discovering the man in his garage , police said Tuesday .
Baltimore , Maryland , police received a phone call shortly before 1:30 a.m.
Tuesday about a suspicious person , and an off - duty officer arrived at the scene with campus security , city police spokesman Anthony Guglielmi said .
When authorities arrived , they heard calls for help and for police , he said .
They discovered a suspected burglar with a severed left hand and severe lacerations to his upper body , Guglielmi said .
The suspect died at the scene , he said .
The man had entered a home where several Johns Hopkins students lived , Guglielmi said .
Four students , one armed with a samurai sword , had confronted the suspect in the garage .
The man " lunged " at the students , and the student with the sword defended himself , severing the man 's left hand and cutting his upper body , Guglielmi said .
Police did not release the name of the suspect , who Guglielmi said had a long criminal history , or that of the student .
Police questioned the three witnesses , Guglielmi said , and released them .
It was not immediately clear whether all four students lived at the house , he said .
Authorities are determining whether the student will face criminal charges , Guglielmi said .
Burglars had taken two laptops and a Sony PlayStation from the students ' home Monday , Guglielmi said .
The burglary suspect had been released from prison Saturday , Guglielmi said .
All About Johns Hopkins University
Buenos Aires , Argentina ( CNN ) -- Laura Feldman was kidnapped by the Argentine military on February 18 , 1978 .
The 18 - year - old was never seen by her family again , a victim of the ruthless regime that ruled Argentina from 1976 to 1983 .
For 31 years , her sister Ana searched for answers -- and her remains .
" Laura was politically active .
She was young and had her ideals .
But she did n't deserve to die , " says Ana , 51 .
In 2004 , bones believed to be Laura 's were found in a mass grave in a cemetery outside Buenos Aires .
After a series of genetic tests confirmed her identity , Ana finally received her sister 's bones in April 2009 .
" I can now speak in the past tense : my sister was executed , " says Ana .
" And now that I have her remains , I can mourn her -- something her murderers tried to deny me , " she says .
Ana has her sister 's remains today because of the efforts of the Argentine Forensic Anthropology Team -- known by its Spanish acronym as EAAF -- a non-profit , NGO based in Buenos Aires that uses science to solve the mysteries of Argentina 's " Dirty War , " a period during which at least 13,000 , and perhaps as many as 30,000 people , were " disappeared . "
The " Dirty War " is still very much alive in Argentines ' collective conscience .
Immunity laws granted to former military leaders were overturned in recent years , and now many are standing trial for human rights violations , including the country 's last military dictator , former Gen.
Reynaldo Bignone , 81 , who went on trial this month along with five others on torture charges .
Since 1984 , the EAAF team has used forensic anthropology and other disciplines like archaeology , ballistics and radiology to locate , identify and ultimately , reunite , family members with the skeletal remains of their loved ones .
As their skills and experience have grown , so has demand for them .
The team now travels the globe regularly , visiting other countries where human rights violations and mass murder have occurred , like Sudan , Haiti , Ethiopia and El Salvador .
" You are dealing with violence , with human rights , with relatives that lost their loved ones .
In a perfect world , we would n't need this job , but we are proud of what we do , " says Mariana Segura , 28 , a team member since 2001 who has also worked in Paraguay , Bolivia and East Timor .
For the families of Argentina 's disappeared , the work the EAAF team does is vital in bridging the past with the present .
" The team is made up of all young people , most of whom did not live through the era of state terrorism here , but they have taken on this investigative task as a moral obligation , " says Sara Cobacho , a human rights activist who lost six family members to the dictatorship , including two sons , neither of whom have ever been found .
During a recent exhumation at a cemetery in the Buenos Aires suburb of Merlo , the EAAF team opened two plots where they believed victims may have been dumped into unmarked graves .
After carefully separating dirt from human remains , and meticulously marking , labeling and photographing the condition of the graves , the skeletons were removed , wrapped in paper , and then boxed up for analysis in the EAAF laboratory .
One of the skeletons had a two - centimeter bullet - sized hole in its skull , likely from a point - blank gunshot , a bleak reminder , the team says , of the brutality that took place in Argentina not long ago .
" You learn the history of the disappeared person , and their family , and of course , you get very close to them .
It can be hard , " says Segura .
A recent EAAF campaign -- funded in part by a grant from the U.S. Congress -- yielded more than five - thousand blood samples from relatives of missing dictatorship victims .
The samples came from throughout Argentina and Latin America , as well as from as far away as Spain and Sweden .
The blood samples were then sent to a forensic laboratory in the United States , where they were compared with bones that the EAAF team had already collected .
The results surpassed expectations : 42 missing people were positively identified , and their remains have since been returned to their families .
More identifications are expected soon .
Closure like that is exactly what EAAF team members strive for , but they say just arriving to that point can be physically and emotionally grueling .
" I try to put mind blank and do my job , " say EAAF member Analia Simonetto , 29 .
" It 's the best thing I can do for them and the families that are searching for them and want some explanation of what happened to their beloved ones . "
Now that the forensic secrets held in blood and bones have reunited her with her sister 's remains , Ana Feldman is looking forward to the next step in closing this painful chapter in her life : the trial of the former officers suspected of killing Laura , which will begin in Buenos Aires on December 15th .
" The EAAF team is deeply committed , and their amazing work should be commended , " she says .
Hundreds of private emails and documents allegedly exchanged between some of the world 's leading climate scientists during the past 13 years have been stolen by hackers and leaked online , it emerged today .
The computer files were apparently accessed earlier this week from servers at the University of East Anglia 's Climate Research Unit , a world - renowned centre focused on the study of natural and anthropogenic climate change .
Climate change sceptics who have studied the emails allege they provide " smoking gun " evidence that some of the climatologists colluded in manipulating data to support the widely held view that climate change is real , and is being largely caused by the actions of mankind .
The veracity of the emails has not been confirmed and the scientists involved have declined to comment on the story , which broke on a blog called The Air Vent .
The files , which in total amount to 160 MB of data , were first uploaded on to a Russian server , before being widely mirrored across the internet .
The emails were accompanied by the anonymous statement : " We feel that climate science is , in the current situation , too important to be kept under wraps .
We hereby release a random selection of correspondence , code and documents .
Hopefully it will give some insight into the science and the people behind it . "
A spokesperson for the University of East Anglia said : " We are aware that information from a server used for research information in one area of the university has been made available on public websites .
Because of the volume of this information we cannot currently confirm that all this material is genuine .
This information has been obtained and published without our permission and we took immediate action to remove the server in question from operation .
We are undertaking a thorough internal investigation and have involved the police in this inquiry . "
In one email , dated November 1999 , one scientist wrote : " I 've just completed Mike 's Nature [ the science journal ] trick of adding in the real temps to each series for the last 20 years ( ie , from 1981 onwards ) and from 1961 for Keith 's to hide the decline . "
This sentence , in particular , has been leapt upon by sceptics as evidence of manipulating data , but the credibility of the email has not been verified .
The scientists who allegedly sent it declined to comment on the email .
" It does look incriminating on the surface , but there are lots of single sentences that taken out of context can appear incriminating , " said Bob Ward , director of policy and communications at the Grantham Research Institute on Climate Change and the Environment at the London School of Economics .
" You can't tell what they are talking about .
Scientists say ' trick ' not just to mean deception .
They mean it as a clever way of doing something - a short cut can be a trick . "
In another alleged email , one of the scientists apparently refers to the death of a prominent climate change sceptic by saying " in an odd way this is cheering news " .
Ward said that if the emails are correct , they " might highlight behaviour that those individuals might not like to have made public . "
But he added , " Let 's separate out [ the climate scientists ] reacting badly to the personal attacks [ from sceptics ] to the idea that their work has been carried out in an inappropriate way . "
The revelations did not alter the huge body of evidence from a variety of scientific fields that supports the conclusion that modern climate change is caused largely by human activity , Ward said .
The emails refer largely to work on so - called paleoclimate data - reconstructing past climate scenarios using data such as ice cores and tree rings .
" Climate change is based on several lines of evidence , not just paleoclimate data , " he said .
" At the heart of this is basic physics . "
Ward pointed out that the individuals named in the alleged emails had numerous publications in peer - reviewed scientific journals .
" It would be very surprising if after all this time , suddenly they were found out doing something as wrong as that . "
Professor Michael Mann , director of Pennsylvania State University 's Earth System Science Centre and a regular contributor to the popular climate science blog Real Climate , features in many of the email exchanges .
He said : " I 'm not going to comment on the content of illegally obtained emails .
However , I will say this : both their theft and , I believe , any reproduction of the emails that were obtained on public websites , etc , constitutes serious criminal activity .
I 'm hoping the perpetrators and their facilitators will be tracked down and prosecuted to the fullest extent the law allows . "
When the Guardian asked Prof Phil Jones at UEA , who features in the correspondence , to verify whether the emails were genuine , he refused to comment .
The alleged emails illustrate the persistent pressure some climatologists have been under from sceptics in recent years .
There have been repeated calls , including Freedom of Information requests , for the Climate Research Unit to make public a confidential dataset of land and sea temperature recordings that is " value added " by the unit before being used by the Met Office .
The emails show the frustration some climatologists have had at having to operate under such intense , often politically motivated , scrutiny .
Prof Bob Watson , the chief scientific advisor at the Department for the Environment , Food and Rural Affairs said , " Evidence for climate change is irrefutable .
The world 's leading scientists overwhelmingly agree what we 're experiencing is not down to natural variation . "
" With this overwhelming scientific body of evidence failing to take action to tackle climate change would be the wrong thing to do – the impacts here in Britain and across the world will worsen and the economic consequences will be catastrophic . "
A spokesman for Greenpeace said : " If you looked through any organisation 's emails from the last 10 years you 'd find something that would raise a few eyebrows .
Contrary to what the sceptics claim , the Royal Society , the US National Academy of Sciences , Nasa and the world 's leading atmospheric scientists are not the agents of a clandestine global movement against the truth .
This stuff might drive some web traffic , but so does David Icke . "
• This article was amended on Wednesday 25 November 2009 .
A unit was garbled : the files amount to 160 MB of data , not 160 M bB .
This has been corrected .
If your crippling ennui is such that you ca n’t even decide between a Seven - Layer Burrito and a Quad Stacker , Eating the Road has an amusing flowchart that should help you navigate the bevy of fast - food options .
It ’s based on queries like “ Are you drunk ? ” and “ Are you drunk on malt liquor ? ”
Kudos to the site for reminding chicken cravers that Chick - fil - A is closed on Sundays .
Classic rookie mistake .
Where Should I Eat ?
Fast Food Edition ( Flowchart ) [ Eating the Road ]
Subject : [ ANN ] Ruby 1.9.1- p376 is out
From : " Yugui ( Yuki Sonoda ) " < yugui@ g . >
Date : Mon , 7 Dec 2009 13:50:14 +0900
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE -----
Hash : SHA1 Ruby 1.9.1- p376 just has been released .
This is a patch level release of Ruby 1.9.1 and includes the fix of CVE - 2009 - 4124 . == CVE - 2009 - 4124
The previous release , Ruby 1.9.1 - p243 has a security vulnerability that allows heap overflow .
This vulnerability was found by Emmanouel Kellinis , KPMG London .
I recommend all Ruby 1.9.1 users to upgrade to p376 .
But the vulnerability does not affect Ruby 1.8 series .
== Other fixes
In addition , 1.9.1 - p376 includes > 100 bug fixes .
* Irb extension commands had been broken .
It was fixed .
* Ripper had not been able to parse some Ruby codes .
It was fixed .
* Fixed build failures on AIX .
* Some bug fixes of Matrix . * Can load gems which is installed in an user 's home directory .
*
Some method became returning a string with a correct encoding .
See the ChangeLog for more detail .
* http://svn.ruby-lang.org/repos/ruby/branches/ruby_1_9_1/ChangeLog == Location * http://ftp.ruby-lang.org/pub/ruby/1.9/ruby-1.9.1-p376.tar.bz2
SIZE : 7293106 bytes MD5 : e019ae9c643c5efe91be49e29781fb94 SHA256 : 79164e647e23bb7c705195e0075ce6020c30dd5ec4f8c8a12a100fe0eb0d6783 * http://ftp.ruby-lang.org/pub/ruby/1.9/ruby-1.9.1-p376.tar.gz
SIZE : 9073007 bytes MD5 : ebb20550a11e7f1a2fbd6fdec2a3e0a3 SHA256 : 58b8fc1645283fcf3d5be195dffcaf55b7c85cbc210074273b57b835409b21 ca * http://ftp.ruby-lang.org/pub/ruby/1.9/ruby-1.9.1-p376.zip
SIZE : 10337871 bytes MD5 : d4d5e62f65cb92a281f1569a7f25371 b SHA256 : 486d3efdab269040ce7142964ba3a4e0d46f0a5b812136bcac7e5 bafc726c14e - -- Yugui ( Yuki Sonoda ) < yugui / yugui.jp >
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE ----- Version : GnuPG v1.4.10 ( Darwin ) Comment : Using GnuPG with Mozilla - http://enigmail.mozdev.org/
A member of the airline ’s staff reported him to the authorities and the man was subjected to a breath test and failed it .
He was later charged with being over the alcohol limit to fly a plane .
Tetra Images
Offering fresh , conceptual imagery for commercial and editorial licensing .
Search our exceptional images and footage from leading creative artists located around the world .
Introducing Blend Images as our newest collection to join the Tetra brand .
Blend is the world 's premiere source for commercial multi-cultural and ethnically diverse stock content .
SciTE is a SCIntilla based Text Editor .
Originally built to demonstrate Scintilla , it has grown to be a generally useful editor with facilities for building and running programs .
It is best used for jobs with simple configurations - I use it for building test and demonstration programs as well as SciTE and Scintilla , themselves .
SciTE is currently available for Intel Windows ( XP or later ) and Linux compatible operating systems with GTK .
It has been run on Windows 7 and on Fedora 25 and Ubuntu 16.04 with GTK 2.24 .
Here is a screenshot of SciTE .
You can download Scintilla and SciTE .
For macOS , there is a commercial version of SciTE available from the Mac App Store .
There are some extra configuration files that can enhance SciTE for various languages and APIs .
Questions and comments about SciTE should be directed to the scite - interest mailing list , which is for discussion of SciTE and related projects , their bugs and future features .
This is a low traffic list , averaging less than 20 messages per week .
To avoid spam , only list members can write to the list .
New versions of SciTE are announced on scite - interest and may also be received by SourceForge members by clicking on the Monitor column icon for " scite " on the downloads page .
Messages sent to my personal email address that could have been sent to the list may receive no response .
There is a Scintilla project page hosted on
Report : 95 % of soy , 80 % of corn grown in US is genetically altered
Confidential contracts detailing Monsanto Co. ’s business practices reveal how the world ’s biggest seed developer is squeezing competitors , controlling smaller seed companies and protecting its dominance over the multibillion - dollar market for genetically altered crops , an Associated Press investigation has found .
ADVERTISEMENT
With Monsanto ’s patented genes being inserted into roughly 95 percent of all soybeans and 80 percent of all corn grown in the U.S. , the company also is using its wide reach to control the ability of new biotech firms to get wide distribution for their products , according to a review of several Monsanto licensing agreements and dozens of interviews with seed industry participants , agriculture and legal experts .
Declining competition in the seed business could lead to price hikes that ripple out to every family ’s dinner table .
That ’s because the corn flakes you had for breakfast , soda you drank at lunch and beef stew you ate for dinner likely were produced from crops grown with Monsanto ’s patented genes .
Monsanto ’s methods are spelled out in a series of confidential commercial licensing agreements obtained by the AP .
The contracts , as long as 30 pages , include basic terms for the selling of engineered crops resistant to Monsanto ’s Roundup herbicide , along with shorter supplementary agreements that address new Monsanto traits or other contract amendments .
The company has used the agreements to spread its technology — giving some 200 smaller companies the right to insert Monsanto ’s genes in their separate strains of corn and soybean plants .
But , the AP found , access to Monsanto ’s genes comes at a cost , and with plenty of strings attached .
For example , one contract provision bans independent companies from breeding plants that contain both Monsanto ’s genes and the genes of any of its competitors , unless Monsanto gives prior written permission — giving Monsanto the ability to effectively lock out competitors from inserting their patented traits into the vast share of U.S. crops that already contain Monsanto ’s genes .
ADVERTISEMENT
Monsanto ’s business strategies and licensing agreements are being investigated by the U.S. Department of Justice and at least two state attorneys general , who are trying to determine if the practices violate U.S. antitrust laws .
The practices also are at the heart of civil antitrust suits filed against Monsanto by its competitors , including a 2004 suit filed by Syngenta AG that was settled with an agreement and ongoing litigation filed this summer by DuPont in response to a Monsanto lawsuit .
The suburban St. Louis - based agricultural giant said it ’s done nothing wrong .
“ We do not believe there is any merit to allegations about our licensing agreement or the terms within , ” said Monsanto spokesman Lee Quarles .
He said he could n’t comment on many specific provisions of the agreements because they are confidential and the subject of ongoing litigation .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Our approach to licensing ( with ) many companies is pro-competitive and has enabled literally hundreds of seed companies , including all of our major direct competitors , to offer thousands of new seed products to farmers , ” he said .
The benefit of Monsanto ’s technology for farmers has been undeniable , but some of its major competitors and smaller seed firms claim the company is using strong - arm tactics to further its control .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We now believe that Monsanto has control over as much as 90 percent of ( seed genetics ) .
This level of control is almost unbelievable , ” said Neil Harl , agricultural economist at Iowa State University who has studied the seed industry for decades .
“ The upshot of that is that it ’s tightening Monsanto ’s control , and makes it possible for them to increase their prices long term .
And we ’ve seen this happening the last five years , and the end is not in sight . ”
At issue is how much power one company can have over seeds , the foundation of the world ’s food supply .
Without stiff competition , Monsanto could raise its seed prices at will , which in turn could raise the cost of everything from animal feed to wheat bread and cookies .
The price of seeds is already rising .
Monsanto increased some corn seed prices last year by 25 percent , with an additional 7 percent hike planned for corn seeds in 2010 .
Monsanto brand soybean seeds climbed 28 percent last year and will be flat or up 6 percent in 2010 , said company spokeswoman Kelli Powers .
ADVERTISEMENT
Monsanto ’s broad use of licensing agreements has made its biotech traits among the most widely and rapidly adopted technologies in farming history .
These days , when farmers buy bags of seed with obscure brand names like AgVenture or M - Pride Genetics , they are paying for Monsanto ’s licensed products .
One of the numerous provisions in the licensing agreements is a ban on mixing genes — or “ stacking ” in industry lingo — that enhance Monsanto ’s power .
One contract provision likely helped Monsanto buy 24 independent seed companies throughout the Farm Belt over the last few years : that corn seed agreement says that if a smaller company changes ownership , its inventory with Monsanto ’s traits “ shall be destroyed immediately . ”
Another provision from contracts earlier this decade_ regarding rebates — also help explain Monsanto ’s rapid growth as it rolled out new products .
ADVERTISEMENT
One contract gave an independent seed company deep discounts if the company ensured that Monsanto ’s products would make up 70 percent of its total corn seed inventory .
In its 2004 lawsuit , Syngenta called the discounts part of Monsanto ’s “ scorched earth campaign ” to keep Syngenta ’s new traits out of the market .
Quarles said the discounts were used to entice seed companies to carry Monsanto products when the technology was new and farmers had n’t yet used it .
Now that the products are widespread , Monsanto has discontinued the discounts , he said .
The Monsanto contracts reviewed by the AP prohibit seed companies from discussing terms , and Monsanto has the right to cancel deals and wipe out the inventory of a business if the confidentiality clauses are violated .
Thomas Terral , chief executive officer of Terral Seed in Louisiana , said he recently rejected a Monsanto contract because it put too many restrictions on his business .
But Terral refused to provide the unsigned contract to AP or even discuss its contents because he was afraid Monsanto would retaliate and cancel the rest of his agreements .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I would be so tied up in what I was able to do that basically I would have no value to anybody else , ” he said .
“ The only person I would have value to is Monsanto , and I would continue to pay them millions in fees . ”
Independent seed company owners could drop their contracts with Monsanto and return to selling conventional seed , but they say it could be financially ruinous .
Monsanto ’s Roundup Ready gene has become the industry standard over the last decade , and small companies fear losing customers if they drop it .
It also can take years of breeding and investment to mix Monsanto ’s genes into a seed company ’s product line , so dropping the genes can be costly .
Monsanto acknowledged that U.S. Department of Justice lawyers are seeking documents and interviewing company employees about its marketing practices .
The DOJ would n’t comment .
A spokesman for Iowa Attorney General Tom Miller said the office is examining possible antitrust violations .
Additionally , two sources familiar with an investigation in Texas said state Attorney General Greg Abbott ’s office is considering the same issues .
States have the authority to enforce federal antitrust law , and attorneys general are often involved in such cases .
Monsanto chairman and chief executive officer Hugh Grant told investment analysts during a conference call this fall that the price increases are justified by the productivity boost farmers get from the company ’s seeds .
Farmers and seed company owners agree that Monsanto ’s technology has boosted yields and profits , saving farmers time they once spent weeding and money they once spent on pesticides .
ADVERTISEMENT
But recent price hikes have still been tough to swallow on the farm .
“ It ’s just like I got hit with bad weather and got a poor yield .
It just means I ’ve got less in the bottom line , ” said Markus Reinke , a corn and soybean farmer near Concordia , Mo. who took over his family ’s farm in 1965 .
“ They can charge because they can do it , and get away with it .
And us farmers just complain , and shake our heads and go along with it . ”
Any Justice Department case against Monsanto could break new ground in balancing a company ’s right to control its patented products while protecting competitors ’ right to free and open competition , said Kevin Arquit , former director of the Federal Trade Commission competition bureau and now a antitrust attorney with Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP in New York .
“ These are very interesting issues , and not just for the companies , but for the Justice Department , ” Arquit said .
“ They ’re in an area where there is uncertainty in the law and there are consumer welfare implications and government policy implications for whatever the result is . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Other seed companies have followed Monsanto ’s lead by including restrictive clauses in their licensing agreements , but their products only penetrate smaller segments of the U.S. seed market .
Monsanto ’s Roundup Ready gene , on the other hand , is in such a wide array of crops that its licensing agreements can have a massive effect on the rules of the marketplace .
Monsanto was only a niche player in the seed business just 12 years ago .
It rose to the top thanks to innovation by its scientists and aggressive use of patent law by its attorneys .
First came the science , when Monsanto in 1996 introduced the world ’s first commercial strain of genetically engineered soybeans .
The Roundup Ready plants were resistant to the herbicide , allowing farmers to spray Roundup whenever they wanted rather than wait until the soybeans had grown enough to withstand the chemical .
The company soon released other genetically altered crops , such as corn plants that produced a natural pesticide to ward off bugs .
While Monsanto had blockbuster products , it did n’t yet have a big foothold in a seed industry made up of hundreds of companies that supplied farmers .
ADVERTISEMENT
That ’s where the legal innovations came in , as Monsanto became among the first to widely patent its genes and gain the right to strictly control how they were used .
That control let it spread its technology through licensing agreements , while shaping the marketplace around them .
Back in the 1970s , public universities developed new traits for corn and soybean seeds that made them grow hardy and resist pests .
Small seed companies got the traits cheaply and could blend them to breed superior crops without restriction .
But the agreements give Monsanto control over mixing multiple biotech traits into crops .
The restrictions even apply to taxpayer - funded researchers .
Roger Boerma , a research professor at the University of Georgia , is developing specialized strains of soybeans that grow well in southeastern states , but his current research is tangled up in such restrictions from Monsanto and its competitors .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It ’s made one level of our life incredibly challenging and difficult , ” Boerma said .
The rules also can restrict research .
Boerma halted research on a line of new soybean plants that contain a trait from a Monsanto competitor when he learned that the trait was ineffective unless it could be mixed with Monsanto ’s Roundup Ready gene .
Boerma said he has n’t considered asking Monsanto ’s permission to mix its traits with the competitor ’s trait .
“ I think the co-mingling of their trait technology with another company ’s trait technology would likely be a serious problem for them , ” he said .
Quarles pointed out that Monsanto has signed agreements with several companies allowing them to stack their traits with Monsanto’s .
After Syngenta settled its lawsuit , for example , the companies struck a broad cross-licensing accord .
At the same time , Monsanto ’s patent rights give it the authority to say how independent companies use its traits , Quarles said .
“ Please also keep in mind that , as the ( intellectual property developer ) , it is our right to determine who will obtain rights to our technology and for what purpose , ” he said .
Monsanto ’s provision requiring companies to destroy seeds containing Monsanto ’s traits if a competitor buys them prohibited DuPont or other big firms from bidding against Monsanto when it snapped up two dozen smaller seed companies over the last five years , said David Boies , a lawyer representing DuPont who previously was a prosecutor on the federal antitrust case against Microsoft Corp .
Competitive bids from companies like DuPont could have made it far more expensive for Monsanto to bring the smaller companies into its fold .
But that contract provision prevented bidding wars , according to DuPont .
“ If the independent seed company is losing their license and has to destroy their seeds , they ’re not going to have anything , in effect , to sell , ” Boies said .
“ It requires them to destroy things — destroy things they paid for — if they go competitive .
That ’s exactly the kind of restriction on competitive choice that the antitrust laws outlaw . ”
Quarles said some of the Monsanto contracts let companies sell their inventory for a period of time , rather than be required to destroy it .
Seed companies also do n’t have to pay royalty fees on the bags of seed they destroyed .
“ Simply put , it was designed to facilitate early adoption of the technology , ” he said .
Some independent seed company owners say they feel increasingly pinched as Monsanto cements its leadership in the industry .
“ They have the capital , they have the resources , they own lots of companies , and buying more .
We ’re small town , they ’re Wall Street , ” said Bill Cook , co-owner of M - Pride Genetics seed company in Garden City , Mo. , who also declined to discuss or provide the agreements .
“ It ’s very difficult to compete in this environment against companies like Monsanto . ”
Yet again I have ignored this blog for quite some time – I ’ve been really busy with an implementation of a game involving a Haskell back - end / Google Web Toolkit front - end ( more on this in a future post ) and other deadlines .
Anyways I thought I ’d share more info on how 4 Blocks ’
AI was implemented using a DSL embedded in Haskell :
A Domain - Specific Embedded Language Approach for the Scripting of Game Artificial Intelligence , with Gordon Pace , in the Proceedings of the University of Malta Workshop in ICT ( WICT’09 ) , 2009 .
More info on WICT can be found here .
Co-incidentally thanks to Dr Pace ’s Erdös Number of 4 I get to have one of at most 5 . 🙂 Hope this short paper provides with some interesting lightweight reading .
Also , any feedback is greatly appreciated !
US states move to make cuts permanent
Tennessee suspends enrollment in children ’s low - income health care plan
By Tom Eley
3 December 2009
A growing number of states are responding to their worst - ever budget crises by enacting permanent cuts to spending on social programs and education and by laying off and furloughing workers .
For the first time ever , the collective spending by state governments has declined for two consecutive years .
It fell 4 percent this year and 4.8 percent in the last fiscal year according to the National Association of State Budget Officers .
The worst is yet to come .
States estimate that their most severe shortfalls will come in the 2011 fiscal year .
The National Conference of State Legislatures predicts a combined deficit among the states of $ 110 billion for the next two years .
It is generally accepted that state budgets will remain in the red until 2013 at the earliest , while “ some predict state revenues will not rebound until late in the next decade , ” according to Stateline.org .
Unlike previous recessions , most cuts enacted now will not be reversed .
“ I think we ’re kind of in a permanent retrenchment , ” said Raymond C. Scheppach , director of the National Governors Association .
The budget crisis facing states is driven by a fall in tax revenue , which itself reflects the growing impoverishment of the working class .
Unemployment and widespread cutbacks to wages and hours have resulted in a sharp decline in income tax revenue and sales tax receipts .
At the same time , business tax revenue has also fallen .
A November 23 report by the Nelson A. Rockefeller Institute of Government shows that state tax revenues in the third quarter declined in all 44 states surveyed and by 10.7 percent in total .
Corporate income taxes dropped off even more sharply , by 19.4 percent .
July through September marked the fourth quarter in a row in which both personal income tax and sales tax receipts fell on a year - over - year basis .
Sales taxes fell by an average of 8.2 percent and declined in 38 of 39 states surveyed ( the only exception being Massachusetts , where lawmakers increased the sales tax rate ) .
Seventeen states saw a double - digit decline in sales tax revenue .
Personal income tax collections , which make up about 40 percent of total state tax revenue , declined by 11.4 percent , dropping in all 38 states where data were available .
Twenty - one states saw a double - digit percentage decline .
Out of the 50 states , only sparsely populated North Dakota did not see an increase in joblessness in the third quarter .
The unemployment crisis cuts two ways ; as tax revenues fall from the decline in income , unemployed and underpaid workers are more reliant on social programs , which are funded for in part by state budgets .
These include , most notably , unemployment insurance , low - income health insurance , and food stamps .
By continuing to lay off and furlough workers , the states are themselves contributing to the very crisis that has sent their budget into the red .
Since December 2007 one million state workers have been affected by various cutbacks .
“ Nearly all states have instituted hiring freezes , at least 75 percent have eliminated vacant positions and more than half have laid off and furloughed workers , ” Stateline.org reports .
Furthermore , the health of state budgets is widely considered a “ lagging indicator . ”
“ In the past , states ’ toughest budget years have been the two years following the end of a recession , ” according to Stateline.org .
“ That ’s because , by then , Medicaid rolls have swelled as more people lose their jobs and health insurance , even as state revenues continue to lag .
But because this recession has been deeper than any in modern history , ” balanced budgets may not return for several years , the website concludes .
The pay and benefits owed to state workers consume about 20 percent of state budgets .
The rest goes to fund the operations of various state agencies , education , and social programs .
States are also taking the knife to these .
This week , a particularly graphic example of this came from Tennessee , where it has been announced that the state ’s health insurance plan for children from low - income families , CoverKids , will no longer accept new applicants .
The Tennessee legislature has not appropriated enough money for the program to meet rising demand , even though state spending is matched 3 - to - 1 by the federal government through the Children ’s Health Insurance Program , or CHIP .
State officials have so far refused to tap into the CoverKids program ’s own “ rainy day fund , ” saying this would be fiscally irresponsible .
In addition , Tennessee will also no longer accept applicants for its health coverage for low - income adults , CoverTN , which is jointly funded by employers , employees , and the state .
In the twelve months ending in October , 110,000 Tennesseans lost their health coverage , mostly as a result of layoffs .
Over 10 percent of the workforce is unemployed .
And Tennessee ’s decision to refuse further low - income applicants also coincides with the ending of a short - term COBRA aid program , by which the federal government contributed about two thirds of the cost of insurance plans so laid off workers could maintain their employer - based plans .
CoverKids complements the state ’s Medicaid program , TennCare , which helps to provide coverage primarily for the extremely poor and disabled .
“ This is a scary place for babies if CoverKids is gone , ” Sandra Neely of Spring Hill told the Tennessean .
Neely used TennCare to help her three - year - old granddaughter save an injured tooth .
With CoverKids no longer accepting applicants , the family may be without insurance if they earn more money .
“ Without CoverKids , there will be no insurance out there for children who are on the borderline of poverty , for the people in the middle who work but do n’t have or ca n’t afford insurance , ” Neely said .
“ In the midst of an economic crisis putting so many middle - class families on the brink , our state ’s policy decisions push them over , ” Michele Johnson of the Tennessee Justice Center said to the Tennessean .
“ The citizens of this state will be paying for these cuts in fiscal and human terms for decades . ”
Tennessee faces a $ 1.5 billion deficit in its $ 29 billion budget .
In freezing out new CHIP applicants it follows California , which rejected new applications between June and September .
These cuts expose once again the reactionary character of President Obama ’s proposed health care overhaul , which will call on the states to provide expanded Medicaid coverage without providing further federal funding .
As unemployment increases and the COBRA coverage extension ends , the solvency of the states ’
Medicaid , CHIP , and other low - income health coverage plans is in increasing doubt .
No state has spared its population cuts and layoffs .
Only this week there have been dozens of such announcements .
• New Jersey on Tuesday withheld a scheduled delivery of $ 20 million in aid to cities and towns , citing a growing budget gap .
The hardest hit will be poor cities in the south of the state .
“ A cut at the height of the economic recession , forcing service reductions and higher property taxes , is unconscionable , ” William Dressel , executive director of the state League of Municipalities , told the Philadelphia Enquirer .
• The Georgia legislature may convene in early January to enact an additional $ 400 million in cuts , its Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Jack Hill said on December 1 .
The state has already cut $ 3 billion from its budget in the past year , with Governor Sonny Perdue recently putting in place $ 900 million in cuts that included three - day furloughs of teachers and state workers .
More furloughs and layoffs are anticipated to meet the new deficit .
• The Missouri Department of Transportation said Tuesday it will lay off 100 workers and transfer the savings toward its contribution to workers ’ retirement plans , which has an unfunded liability of $ 1.6 billion .
• On Tuesday North Carolina Governor Beverly Perdue told reporters that the state ’s Medicaid program is already $ 150 million over budget for the first quarter of the current fiscal year , largely due to unemployment .
• The state of Hawaii , which already ceased public education on Fridays during the school year to save money , is also instituting 15 furlough days for workers at state libraries over the next two years , the equivalent of an 8 percent pay cut .
• Kentucky will attempt to save $ 20 million this year by cutting educational funding for preschool programs and curriculum for gifted students .
• The New Hampshire legislature is likely to suspend a school construction fund that assisted local school districts by picking up the tab on between 30 percent and 60 percent of the cost of new buildings .
• Top Iowa legislators have said in recent days they will enact cuts in all state agencies .
“ I think everybody is going to see a cut .
Everybody , ” said Mike Gronstal , a leading senate Democrat in a comment to the Des Moines Register .
“ I think you ’ll see layoffs .
I think you ’ll see ... early retirements , so I think you ’ll see fewer state employees .
We ’ll try to do it through attrition . ”
• A cost-cutting commission in Louisiana said this week that government agencies should seek to reduce the state workforce by 15,000 over three years through layoffs and attrition .
• Mississippi took in $ 25 million less than it had projected for November , Governor Haley Barbour ’s office announced on Tuesday .
It is $ 136.6 million short of projections for the first five months of its fiscal year .
A new round of cuts is expected within days .
• New Mexico is coping with unprecedented demand for food stamps , statistics from its Human Services Department reveal .
In only one year , the number of people using food stamps in the state has increased by 70,000 , or 28 percent .
• Vermont lawmakers are considering cutting $ 20 million in state mental health care services , which could cause 3,000 people to lose access to psychiatric treatment .
As the Woods affair continues to grab headlines around the world , newspapers and news sites have taken to referring to the women in numerical terms — speaking , for instance , of Tiger Woods ' " seventh mistress " or " 8th woman . "
Making it even more confusing , much of the reporting that has driven the tally has come from tabloids and gossip websites , without clear reporting standards .
Keeping in mind the caveat that nearly all the " facts " in the Woods affair remain murky , here 's a numerical key to the women who have reportedly been involved with the golfer :
1. RACHEL UCHITEL
Age : 34
Occupation : " VIP event organizer "
Hometown : New York , NY
Affair began : June 2009 , allegedly
Details : According to The National Enquirer , Uchitel and Woods met at a nightclub in May of this year .
Uchitel , who reportedly has hundreds of text messages and e-mails from Woods , denied the alleged affair , saying , " We have never had an affair , talked on the phone , or sent any type of text , sexy or not . "
But after Uchitel 's lawyer , Gloria Allred , canceled a scheduled press conference during which Uchitel was expected to " come clean " about the affair , reports surfaced of a seven - figure " payoff " from Woods to keep Uchitel silent .
Thus far , neither Uchitel nor Woods has admitted to the affair .
More recent reports suggest that Uchitel 's larger role was to arrange " women for Tiger during his globetrotting excursions . "
2. JAIMEE GRUBBS
Age : 24
Occupation : Cocktail waitress
Hometown : Los Angeles , NV
Affair began : April 2007
Details : Grubbs , the second woman linked to Tiger Woods in the press , was the first to openly admit to having been sexually involved with him .
Grubbs , who previously appeared on VH1's Tool Academy , told Us Weekly that she and Woods had sex " 20 times " since April 2007 .
She also released a voicemail and text messages from Woods to the magazine .
Grubbs has reportedly received $ 150,000 for the rights to her story .
Woods has not yet commented directly about the alleged affair .
3. KALIKA MOQUIN
Age : 27
Occupation : Marketing manager at the Bank nightclub in Las Vegas
Hometown : Las Vegas , NV
Affair began : October 2009 or before
Details : Us Weekly has reported that , according to a " reliable source , " Woods met Moquin at a Las Vegas event in 2006 , and the two spent the night of Oct. 22 , 2009 , together at Woods 's MGM Grand suite .
Moquin 's statement : " It 's not appropriate for me to comment one way or the other . "
According to the sports blog Deadspin , Moquin also procured women for Woods while he was on tour .
4. JAMIE JUNGERS
Age : 26
Occupation : Lingerie model
Hometown : Las Vegas , NV
Affair began : October 2004
Details : Jungers , the fourth alleged mistress to surface in press reports , was first named in the British tabloid The Mirror .
Her former fiancée says , " I knew Tiger had come on to her and asked for her number .
I knew that he called her whenever he came to Las Vegas .
But she insisted that nothing was going on . "
Jungers , a former model for Trashy Girls lingerie , was reportedly in the process of landing a deal with a British tabloid to tell her story when , at the last minute , she decided not to go on the record .
5. MINDY LAWTON
Age : 34
Occupation : Waitress
Hometown : Orlando , FL
Affair began : April 2006
Details :
The most outspoken of Tiger 's alleged mistresses , Mindy Lawton reportedly met Woods at a Perkins restaurant near the golfer 's Isleworth , Fla. , home , where Lawton was an $ 8 - per - hour waitress .
According to Lawton , their relationship soon turned into an intimate affair with regular rendezvous in Woods 's mansion and even in the back seat of his Cadillac in a church parking lot .
In an interview with News of the World , she 's alluded to " rough " antics .
Later she realized that " all he wanted [ her ] for was sex . "
Lawton claims to have come forward with details of the affair because she wants " his wife to know what a cheat he has been . "
6. CORI RIST
Age : 31
Occupation : Unknown , socialite
Hometown : New York , NY
Affair began : January 2008
Details : According to unnamed sources , known New York partygoer Cori Rist met Woods last year at Manhattan 's Butter nightclub .
After the pair ran into each other again at a party , Woods allegedly began flying Rist to meet him while on tour .
" Tiger would typically get a large suite at a hotel , " a source told the N.Y. Daily News .
" Someone would book Cori an adjacent room , so she would n't be seen coming into his room . "
When asked about the affair , Rist refused to comment .
7. HOLLY SAMPSON
Age : Unknown
Occupation : Adult - film actress
Hometown : Tucson , AZ
Affair began : Unknown
Details : Holly Sampson was first named as an alleged mistress by Britian 's Daily Mail , which reported that the erotic - film star was " not denying she bedded Tiger . "
In a video interview recorded in May 2009 for the adult website Naughty America , which surfaced after reports of the affair , Sampson admitted to having had " protected " sex with Woods at his bachelor party .
Sampson , who also goes by Nicolette Foster , has appeared in 85 films , including OMG , Stop Tickling Me and Cheating Housewives 6 .
8. NAME UNKNOWN
Age : Unknown
Occupation : Former cocktail waitress
Hometown : Orlando , FL
Affair began : 2004
According to her Orlando attorney , Michael O'Quinn , this so - far - unnamed former cocktail waitress claims to have met Woods when she was 20 years old , while working at the Roxy club in Orlando .
The pair , he says , engaged in a two - year affair , before and during his marriage to Elin Nordengren .
The woman claims Tiger 's marriage to Nordengren was " only for publicity . "
9. NAME UNKNOWN
Age : Unknown
Occupation : TV presenter
Hometown : England ( town unknown )
Affair began : 2000
Details : Speaking with U.K.'s
The Sun newspaper , a " golf insider " claims that Woods had an affair with an as - yet - identified British television personality , describing her as " really sexy and very well - known , " and adding that " a very famous golfer — a good friend of mine — told me about [ the affair ] years ago . "
According to the source , the unnamed woman was single at the time , but is now married .
10 . NAME UNKNOWN
Age : Unknown
Occupation : Unknown
Affair began : Unknown
Details :
In the same report by The Sun identifying the " mystery " TV presenter , the newspaper reports that Woods was also said to have had relations with " a sexy - hungry ' cougar . ' "
11 . VERONICA SIWIK - DANIELS , aka JOSLYN JAMES
Age : 39
Occupation : Adult - film star
Hometown : Unknown
Affair began : Unknown
Details : According to sports blog Deadspin , Veronica Siwik - Daniels ( aka Joslyn James ) was Woods ' " full - time " mistress for years .
An unnamed " VIP concierge " points to Siwik - Daniels 's recent Facebook update , which reads , " I find it comical when certain individuals have no life of their own and want to be ME ... so terribly bad " as " proof " of the relationship .
12 . LOREDANA FERRIOLO , aka LOREDANA JOLIE
Age : Unknown
Occupation : Model
Hometown : New York , NY
Affair began : 2006 or early 2007
Details : Hollywood madame Michelle Braun claims to have set up Tiger Woods with former Playboy pinup Loredana Ferriolo ( aka Loredana Jolie ) " four or five times , " and that he paid $ 15,000 - per-evening with the model .
Braun also said Woods would pay up to $ 60,000 for group sex with Ferriolo and other high - priced prostitutes .
Speaking through her lawyer , Ferriolo denied that she 'd had sex with Woods , but that he gave her money and jewelry .
13 . JULIE POSTLE
Age : 26
Occupation : Former cocktail waitress
Hometown : Orlando , FL
Affair began : 2004
Details : According to the New York Post , former Orlando bartender Brian Kimbrough , 28 , claims Tiger Woods " stole " his then - girlfriend , Julie Postle in 2004 .
Kimbrough said Woods would call Postle on her cell phone , and that she kept his number under the name " Mr. Brightside . "
Postle 's lawyer , Michael O'Quinn declined to comment on the matter .
14 . THERESA ROGERS
Age : 40s
Occupation : Unknown
Hometown : Wellington , FL
Affair began : Unknown
Details : Tiger Woods ' affair with Theresa Rogers allegedly began before Woods ' marriage to Elin Nordegren and continued for five years , says Radar Online .
The report claims Rogers is being represented by Gloria Allred , who also represents Rachel Uchitel .
Both Rogers and Allred refused comment .
....................................................
SEE THE WEEK'S LATEST ON TIGER WOODS :
• Tiger Woods , sex , and race
• Can Oprah save Tiger ?
• Will Tiger 's sponsors dump him now ?
• From Taiwan : A CGI ' reenactment ' of Tiger Woods domestic dispute
• Who is Rachel Uchitel ?
A timeline of the alleged mistress 's life
Janine is one of twenty guests at a Christmas party .
Each guest is given a book as a present .
Janines ’s book is called ‘ Living with Crazy Buttocks ’ .
She is n’t sure what to make of that .
The guests are invited to play a game .
Each book is put into an identical cardboard box .
The boxes can be opened and closed without leaving a mark .
The twenty boxes are piled up around the Christmas Tree .
The guests are told that they will each have the opportunity to open half of the boxes .
Their objective is to find their own book .
If they all succeed the group wins and they will win a trip to Paris .
If any one of them fails then the group fails but they will each get a Twinkie to keep for life .
The guests are taken to another room and then taken to the tree one at a time .
They can not see what any other guest does at the tree .
They are not able to communicate once the game starts .
The boxes are put back after each guest , as though they had never been there .
You would think that the chance of the group succeeding was 1/2^20 but they can do much better than that .
The group must come up with a strategy before the game starts .
What is the best strategy to get the group to Paris , and let Janine keep her ‘ Crazy Buttocks ’ ?
These books are all real .
They will be helpful to you if you have had any of the following thoughts :
We all know the Nazis killed millions of innocent people but what were they like on ecological issues ?
I would like to speak Italian but ca n’t be bothered to learn any Italian words , can you help ?
Aubergines are very flushed , just how angry are they ?
I think I ’m dead , how can I tell for certain ?
I am rich but dead .
How should I pimp my coffin ?
I am worried about running into large , slow moving objects ; can you suggest any strategies to avoid this ?
Just how boring was 1587 ?
I live thousands of miles from Versailles .
Will I get a good view ?
I am English , am I human ?
My buttocks are insane .
When I tell people I leave for Cairo , Egypt , to join up with Palestine solidarity activists on our way to the Gaza Strip on December 25th , they exclaim , “ you ’re leaving on Christmas ? ! ”
“ Yes , ” I say .
“ Christmas does n’t mean much to me .
I ’m Jewish . ”
And after I identify as Jewish , some of them have befuddled looks on their faces .
“ Are n’t Jews supposed to support Israel ? ” I can see some of them thinking that in their heads .
But when I think about my own personal history , it makes sense that my Judaism , however secular I am right now , has led me to become active for Palestinian freedom .
I went to Hebrew School twice a week when I was a child growing up in Yonkers , New York , learned how to read Hebrew , recited the four questions at Passover and vowed to be in Jerusalem next year , and made my Bar Mitzvah when I was 13 .
I will turn 21 on December 31 — the day the Gaza Freedom March will happen .
In my Reform temple , Israel was a constant source of discussion , a key part in forming your Jewish identity , even though you were a Jew in the United States .
Our Hebrew School teachers mythologized the 1948 founding of Israel as the great moment of Jewish redemption in our homeland .
There was no Palestine , nor any Palestinians , and certainly no Nakba ( the word , which means catastrophe in Arabic , that refers to the ethnic cleansing and expulsion of 750,000 Palestinians from their native land that occured with the birth of the Jewish State ) .
Israel was , of course , “ a land without people for a people without a land , ” the founding , and false , creed of Zionism .
I was only 13 when I stopped going to Hebrew School , right after my Bar Mitzvah .
So , I do n’t think my identity as a Jew ever got to the point of no return where I would shield myself from criticism of Israel .
But then again , there must have been a part of my Jewish education that subconsciously made some emotional attachment to Israel .
So I grew up .
Eventually , politics and social justice seeped into my soul .
I remember my first demonstration against the Iraq War , and marching side by side with leftists chanting about the occupation of Palestine .
Back then , when I was 15 , I did n’t think about Palestine .
Did my ignorance and lack of interest in the occupation of Palestine hearken back to Hebrew School indoctrination ?
I do n’t know the answer to that .
What I do know is that I started reading about radical politics , and looked up to , say , Emma Goldman or Michael Schwerner .
Their struggle against oppression resonated with my familial history , as I know one set of Great Grandparents came from Russia after escaping the pogroms in the early 20th century .
Then the massacres in Gaza happened .
Something awoke inside of me .
No longer could I stay silent .
No longer could Israel and Palestine stay off the map to my progressive politics .
I turned to Norman Finkelstein , Joel Kovel , and the authors of the blog Mondoweiss , all Jewish critics of Israel , for my new education on Zionism , and the oppression of the Palestinian people and the occupation of their land .
I believe Jewish identification with Israel has corrupted the Jewish soul .
Jews went from being the oppressed outsiders of Europe to the abusers of the indigenous inhabitants of Palestine .
A big part of being Jewish is to identify with the oppressed .
I have come to acknowledge the connection between my Jewishness and my leftist politics , and concurrently my opposition to Israeli apartheid in all of historic Palestine , something that some older Jews ca n’t seem to do .
Family members invoke the Holocaust when discussions turn to Israel .
The Palestinians had nothing to do with the Holocaust , I respond .
That does n’t win the argument with them always .
But that must be the response to those who invoke the horror of the Holocaust and connect it with the founding of Israel .
But enough about me .
I ’m a privileged Jewish - American who has a comfortable life in New York .
I feel somewhat uncomfortable writing about my personal history concerning Israel , because it ’s not about me , and publishing an article on it may make it seem like this matters .
My handwringing and soul searching on Israel and Palestine is nothing compared to what it must be like to be a Palestinian , suffering from day to day indignities , and denied basic human rights .
On the other hand , my privilege is one way in which the struggle for Palestinian freedom will be won .
It ’s a sad commentary on the racism that informs discussions about Palestine when Jews who speak out against Israeli oppression get more attention than Palestinians .
But I think when more Jews awake from their Zionist - induced slumber , the wheels of dismantling Israeli apartheid will turn faster .
The one - year anniversary of Operation Cast Lead is approaching .
And I sit in my room brimming with excitement at the thought of traveling to Gaza to march , with 1,000 activists from different countries around the world , for Palestinian justice and freedom .
The illegal siege on Gaza makes my blood boil .
Israel must not be allowed to continue their racist and thoroughly un-Jewish suffocation of the people of Gaza .
Jewish people have a deep - rooted history of struggle against exclusion and identification with the oppressed , but we betray that history when we muzzle ourselves from critiquing the state that supposedly represents us when they continue to keep Gazans in an open - air prison .
So I ’ll be blogging and reporting on the people of Gaza ’s struggle as much as I can during my time there .
And then I ’ll be armed with even more knowledge when I return so that U.S. policy , and Jewish - American attitudes on Israel and Palestine , can slowly , but surely , begin to change .
Alex Kane is a junior at Marymount Manhattan College , and a reporter and writer with the Indypendent .
He is part of the student delegation to the Gaza Freedom March , where he will be joining over 1,300 delegates in a historic march in Gaza on December 31 .
Follow his reporting on Gaza here on the IndyBlog , and at his Twitter account .
Hulk Hogan was apparently left battered and bruised after a bloody brawl with rival Ric Flair at a media conference in Sydney today .
The event , to promote a wrestling tour later this month , veered violently out of control when Hogan and Flair let their animosity break into what appeared to be a full - scale brawl .
Media were shocked when Hogan began bleeding profusely from the head and was unable to get to his feet .
Flair used his belt to whip anyone within range .
The Daily Telegraph reports one photographer had their equipment broken when Flair threw a table off the stage and into the press .
It was a dramatic twist , as the event had started well with the professional wrestlers discussing their careers .
Pro-wrestling has a long history of orchestrating rivalries between crowd favourites and villains .
Bouts are often staged with the outcome preordained .
This track record has led to speculation that today 's events are nothing more than a promotional event .
- ABC/AAP
Welcome to my blog !
A couple of years ago , I bought some agendas where I wrote my notes everytime an idea on Architecture , Arts , Urbanism and Landscape came to my mind .
This blog is to organize them and to allow others to contribute with their own thoughts on the proposed subjects .
Some texts are excerpts from my publications , so please contact me for references and sources not shown here .
Some others are reproductions from interesting articles that I want to keep in my files , from books , the web and newspapers .
All comments in your language are welcome .
Join Thoughts on Architecture and Urbanism in Facebook for more quick posts and pictures !
Hey Everyone !
We ’ve got some news on future projects as well as a few updates to the site to help navigate to the buddy - sites for projects The Hero of Time ’s creators are working on !
The video is long overdue — we know .
It was hard to contrive a video update without many things going on with The Hero of Time .
But chin up cause its here !
It features footage from the LA screening from last year , some behind the scenes funnies , as well as some really weighty banter of us on the couch !
Regarding the website ’s updates — you ’ll notice a new tab in the top left that says “ new projects ” .
If you click on that tab , options for the buddy - sites will pop up .
The buddy - sites will be hosting all the updates and info on their projects .
So , be sure to check them out and subscribe , check back , bookmark , make a mental note — whatever you need to do to keep informed !
Right now we are only featuring 2 projects , but maybe we ’ll have more in the near future .
Thanks again for all your support !
We really hope all you Zelda zealots will continue to follow us along with other film and creative projects !
Let 's call it the " Paranormal Effect " initiative .
Clearly dazzled by the fact that it could gross more than $ 100 million on a movie that barely cost $ 15,000 to make , Paramount Pictures is set to launch a new production wing devoted to films budgeted at less than $ 100,000 .
As my colleague John Horn reported today :
" The as - yet - unnamed division 's initial plan is to finance as many as 20 ' micro - budget ' movies annually starting in 2010 ...
Funds for the movies -- about $ 1 million annually -- will be part of Paramount 's existing production budget .... Some of the movies may end up serving as ' calling cards ' -- a showcase for a novice director 's storytelling talent for a future project .
A handful of films may contain enough good ideas to merit a bigger - budget remake .
And another group may rise to the top of the heap , getting a theatrical release . "
It 's a fascinating , potentially game - changing concept , since it 's a wonderful way for studios to replenish the pipeline with new ideas , but ideas that can be executed on a cheap budget .
Even if most of the films never see the light of day , it could serve as a valuable way for Paramount to gain access to new talent , since presumably the studio would retain the right to make a movie with anyone participating in the program .
It will also surely make Paramount a magnet for every good low - budget idea in town , encouraging young filmmakers looking for a break to send their scripts , demo reels and story outlines the studio's way .
But , of course , there are drawbacks .
Studios are notoriously control - freak - style institutions .
So will Paramount executives really be able to keep their mitts off these projects and refrain from trying to buff away all the rough edges ?
Can the studio execs refrain from giving the kind of soul - killing notes ( " Can you make this character a little bit less unlikeable ?
Should n't we have a little more jeopardy in the second act ? " ) that have been endlessly parodied by every writer who 's ever spent more than a weekend doing a studio rewrite ?
And since it 's really , really tough to make a $ 100,000 movie while honoring commitments to SAG , the DGA and other unions , how will Paramount bankroll movies that presumably skirt union work rules and minimum compensation ?
( Paramount insiders contend that its union agreements contain provisions to accommodate the making of movies less than $ 2 million ) .
When I spoke to industryites around town this morning , they were both enthusiastic and skeptical .
After all , other studio efforts to play in the low - budget world have largely failed , most recently with Fox Atomic .
And for years , Paramount itself tried to make low - budget youth - oriented films through MTV Films , which had what was at the time the most valuable youth culture brand of all .
But MTV never had the kind of autonomy that allowed it to pursue cutting edge ideas , the most notorious example being with " Twilight , " which MTV had developed but which was killed by a top Paramount executive who did n't think teens would be interested in vampire movies .
In other words , it 's a pretty huge leap for a studio to give young , unknown filmmakers a big heaping dose of creative freedom .
That 's not to say it can't be done , simply that it will require a dramatic turnaround in the usual kind of executive mindset that controls studio production decisions .
After all , " Paranormal Activity " is still a fluke -- those kinds of movies do n't materialize every day .
Paramount will have to be willing to absorb a lot of failure and creative missteps along the way while it waits for that one shiny diamond in the rough .
So while I 'm betting this new movie division could someday produce a dazzling $ 100,000 cinematic gem , the big question is whether the studio -- being an institution largely built around short - term thinking -- will have the patience to wait for that gem to show up .
Photo : Katie Featherston and Micha Sloat in " Paranormal Activity . "
Credit : Paramount
Brickpoint London
Ltd is the one - stop - shop for all your requirements .
Our friendly and professional staff are all experts in repointing brickwork , pointing brick repairs and will be happy to talk through your requirements to find the best and most cost - effective brick repair solutions for you .
Brickpoint is London ’s largest pointing company and one of the best established – we have 4 generations of experience in pointing and brick repairs .
We are a family - run firm , with all the pride in the company and the quality of the work that such a history suggests .
For your total peace of mind , all our work is fully guaranteed and insured .
Call us today for a no - commitment chat about your needs : free estimates and references from happy customers all available .
Do n’t leave your brickwork to chance – call the brickwork London company with experience and commitment .
Call 020 8773 0565 today .
Overview
The general public and members of the Council on Foreign Relations are apprehensive and uncertain about America ’s place in the world .
Growing numbers in both groups see the United States playing a less important role globally , while acknowledging the increasing stature of China .
And the general public , which is in a decidedly inward - looking frame of mind when it comes to global affairs , is less supportive of increasing the number of U.S. troops in Afghanistan than are CFR members .
In polling conducted before President Obama ’s decision to increase U.S. troop levels in Afghanistan , both groups expressed pessimism about prospects for long - term stability in Afghanistan .
Fewer than half of the public ( 46 % ) and CFR members ( 41 % ) say it is very or somewhat likely that Afghanistan will be able to withstand the threat posed by the Taliban .
While half of the CFR members ( 50 % ) favor increasing the number of troops in Afghanistan , just 32 % of the public agrees .
In the midst of two wars abroad and a sour economy at home , there has been a sharp rise in isolationist sentiment among the public .
For the first time in more than 40 years of polling , a plurality ( 49 % ) says the United States should “ mind its own business internationally ” and let other countries get along the best they can on their own .
The quadrennial survey of foreign policy attitudes , conducted among the general public and members of the Council on Foreign Relations , finds broad recognition of China ’s growing power .
But the public takes a less benign view of China ’s rise than do the members of the Council on Foreign Relations .
For CFR members , China has been transformed from a major threat to the United States to an increasingly important future ally .
Just 21 % of CFR members view China ’s emergence as a world
power as a major threat to the United States .
In 2001 , 38 % of foreign policy opinion leaders said that China ’s emergence was a major threat , as did 30 % in 2005 .
More important , there is a growing belief among CFR members that China , along with India , will be more important U.S. allies in the future .
Majorities of the Council members surveyed say China ( 58 % ) and India ( 55 % ) will be more important U.S. allies ; Brazil is a distant third ( 37 % ) .
And while more CFR members view China , India and Brazil as more important future allies than did so four years ago , substantially fewer say the same about Japan and Great Britain .
The public sees China ’s emerging power as more worrisome than do the foreign policy opinion leaders .
There has been virtually no change since 2005 in the percentage of the public saying that China represents a major threat to the United States ( 53 % today , 52 % then ) .
Moreover , while Iran is mentioned most often as the country that poses the greatest danger to the United States , China continues to rank among the countries frequently named by the public as dangers to the U.S .
The new survey finds that 41 % of the public says the United States plays a less important and powerful role as a world leader today than it did 10 years ago – the highest percentage ever in a Pew Research survey .
And while the foreign policy opinion leaders differ with the public about many issues – including President Obama ’s foreign policy , the war in Afghanistan and China – a growing proportion of Council on Foreign Relations members agree that the United States is a less important world leader .
Fully 44 % of the CFR members say the U.S. is a less important global leader , up from 25 % in early September 2001 , just before the 9/11 attacks .
In a reversal of opinion from the beginning of last year , 44 % of the public now says China is the world ’s leading economic power , while just 27 % name the United States .
In February 2008 , 41 % said the U.S. was the top economic power while 30 % said China .
Somewhat fewer people now say China is the top economic power than named Japan as the leading economic power in the late 1980s ( 58 % in 1989 ) .
The United States is widely viewed as the world ’s leading military power – 63 % express this view , while just 18 % name China .
A majority of the public ( 57 % ) continues to say that U.S. policies should try to maintain America ’s role as the world ’s only military superpower – although far fewer favor this if it risks alienating U.S. allies .
However , the percentage saying that the United States should “ mind its own business internationally and let other countries get along the best they can on their own ” has reached an all - time high of 49 % .
Four years ago , 42 % agreed that the U.S. should “ mind its own business ” in international affairs ; in December 2002 , just 30 % agreed with this statement .
At the same time , there has been a rise in unilateralist sentiment .
Fully 44 % say that because the United States “ is the most powerful nation in the world , we should go our own way in international matters , not worrying about whether other countries agree with us or not . ”
That is by far the highest percentage agreeing since the question was first asked by Gallup in 1964 .
CFR members continue to strongly support the United States playing an assertive role in global affairs : 69 % say the U.S. should be either the single world leader ( 7 % ) or the most assertive of leading nations ( 62 % ) .
These opinions are little changed from previous surveys .
Yet CFR members assign a far lower priority to several globally oriented policy goals than they did at the beginning of the decade .
Just 10 % of CFR members say that promoting democracy in other nations should be a top U.S. foreign policy goal , down from 44 % in early September 2001 , shortly before the 9/11 attacks .
Defending human rights ( down by 22 percentage points as a top priority ) , strengthening the United Nations ( 19 points ) and improving living standards in developing countries ( 13 points ) also are now viewed as less important priorities by CFR members .
These are among the principal findings of America ’s Place in the World , a survey of foreign policy and national security attitudes conducted by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press , in collaboration with the Council on Foreign Relations , an independent , nonpartisan organization focused on helping government officials and the public better understand the world and foreign policy .
The survey was conducted among 642 members of the Council on Foreign Relations and 2,000 members of the public .
The survey finds that the Council members are much more positive about President Obama ’s approach to foreign policy and his handling of specific issues than is the public .
About three - quarters ( 77 % ) of the members of the Council of Foreign Relations approve of Obama ’s overall job performance , compared with just 51 % of the public .
There are comparable or even larger differences in opinions about Obama ’s handling of Iran , Iraq , global climate change and several other issues .
Yet the CFR members are nearly as critical of Obama ’s handling of the situation in Afghanistan as is the public .
Just 42 % approve of Obama ’s job performance on Afghanistan , which is modestly higher than his rating among the public ( 36 % ) .
Only about half of CFR members ( 49 % ) say the Taliban ’s growing strength in Afghanistan represents a major threat to the United States ; 70 % of the public sees this as a major threat .
Yet CFR members are much more supportive than the public of the initial decision to use force in Afghanistan – fully 87 % say this was the right decision compared with 56 % of the public .
CFR members also are more supportive than the public of increasing the number of troops in Afghanistan .
There is little optimism among either the members of the Council on Foreign Relations or the public about prospects that Afghanistan can become stable enough to withstand the threat posed by the Taliban .
Just 41 % of the Council members and 46 % of the public think that it is very or somewhat likely that Afghanistan will become stable enough to withstand the threat from the Taliban and other extremist groups .
Major Threats and Long - Term Priorities
The public and Council on Foreign Relations members generally agree on three of the major threats facing the United States – large majorities of both groups say Islamic extremist groups like al Qaeda , Iran ’s nuclear program and international financial instability are major threats to the well - being of the United States .
But they differ over the seriousness of other global threats .
The public views China ’s emergence as a world power as a more serious threat than do CFR members , and the gap is nearly as large over North Korea ’s nuclear program .
Fully 69 % of the public says that North Korea ’s nuclear program is a major threat to the well - being of the United States , which is little changed from 2005 ( 66 % ) .
But concerns about North Korea have declined markedly among CFR members over this period : just 44 % currently regard North Korea ’s nuclear program as a major threat , down from 67 % in 2005 .
While growing tensions between Russia and its neighbors are viewed as a major threat by just 38 % of the public , even fewer CFR members ( 12 % ) say this is a major threat .
More than eight - in - ten ( 85 % ) CFR members say instability in Pakistan is a major threat to the U.S. ; this is a much lower concern for the public – just 49 % view this as a major threat .
In addition , higher percentages of the CFR members view global climate change ( by 15 percentage points ) and international financial instability ( by 13 points ) as major threats to the United States .
The CFR members ’ concerns over Pakistan are seen in other ways as well .
Nearly one - in - five ( 18 % ) says that Pakistan represents America ’s most important international problem .
However , Pakistan is mentioned by only 1 % of the general public as America ’s top international problem .
In terms of long - range policy priorities , large majorities of both the public and CFR members see preventing another terrorist attack on the United States and reducing U.S. dependence on imported energy sources as top priorities .
But on other goals – particularly protecting American jobs – there are substantial differences .
Fully 85 % of the public views this as a top foreign policy priority compared with just 21 % of CFR members .
This gap is not new :
It was as large in the first America ’s Place in the World survey in 1993 ( 85 % of public , 19 % of foreign policy opinion leaders ) and has remained about as large in each of the succeeding studies .
Greater percentages of the public than CFR members also view reducing illegal immigration ( by 35 points ) and combating drug trafficking ( by 34 points ) as top long - range priorities .
And while 37 % of the public says strengthening the United Nations is a top priority , just 18 % of CFR members agree .
By contrast , a clear majority ( 57 % ) of CFR members say that dealing with global climate change should be a top long - range priority , compared with 40 % of the public .
Support for Free Trade Holds Steady
The survey underscores the public ’s anxiety over the nation ’s economy .
Fully 85 % say protecting jobs should be a top foreign policy priority and economic issues are cited most frequently as the greatest international problem confronting the United States , followed closely by the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq .
Despite these concerns , public support for free trade agreements like NAFTA and the policies of the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) has increased somewhat over the past year .
In April 2008 , nearly half of Americans ( 48 % ) said that free trade agreements were bad for the country , while 35 % said such agreements were good for the country .
In two polls this year , including the current survey , pluralities have said that free trade agreements and WTO policies are good for the country ; currently , 43 % say that free trade agreements are good for the country , while 32 % express a negative opinion .
Nonetheless , foreign policy specialists have long been more supportive of free trade compared with the public , and that remains the case today .
Nearly nine - in - ten CFR members ( 88 % ) say that free trade agreements and the policies of the WTO are good for the country , which is little changed from previous America ’s Place in the World surveys .
The public expresses more negative opinions about the specific impact of free trade agreements on jobs , economic growth and wages .
Still , somewhat smaller percentages say that free trade agreements lead to job losses ( 53 % ) , lower wages ( 49 % ) and slower economic growth ( 42 % ) than did so in April 2008 ( 61 % , 56 % and 50 % , respectively ) .
Public ’s Terrorism Concerns Grow
The survey also finds substantial differences between the public and CFR members over anti-terrorism strategies and tactics – and even over the ability of terrorists to launch new attacks on the United States .
Currently , 29 % of the public says the ability of terrorists to launch a major attack on the U.S. is greater than it was at the time of the 9/11 attacks ; that percentage has risen 12 points since February .
( NOTE :
The main survey of the public was mostly conducted before the Nov. 5 shootings at the Ft. Hood Army base in Texas . )
The public ’s attitudes about terrorists ’ capabilities are comparable to opinions in October 2005 : 29 % say the ability of terrorists to conduct a major attack is greater than it was at the time of 9/11 , 38 % say their ability to launch a major strike is the same as it was around 9/11 , while 29 % say it is less .
By contrast , an increasing proportion of CFR members say the ability of terrorists to launch a major attack is less now than at the time of the Sept. 11 attacks ; 56 % of CFR members say that currently , up from 44 % in 2005 .
The public and CFR members continue to support divergent policies to combat terrorism .
Most notably , 19 % of the public says the use of torture is often justified to gain important information from terrorist suspects , while 35 % say the use of torture in these circumstances is at least sometimes justified .
Just 2 % of CFR members say torture is often justified , and 11 % say it is sometimes justified , to gain important information from suspected terrorists .
The proportion of the public saying torture is at least sometimes justified against suspected terrorists has increased modestly over the past year .
Currently , 54 % say torture is at least sometimes justified to gain important information from suspected terrorists , compared with 49 % in April and 44 % in February .
Other findings :
France ’s Comeback : A separate survey by the Pew Global Attitudes Project finds that France ’s image has improved substantially in recent years .
Fully 62 % of the public says they have a favorable opinion of France , up from just 29 % in May 2003 , during tensions over France ’s opposition to the Iraq war .
Pakistan ’s Slide : Favorable ratings of Pakistan , by contrast , have become more negative just in the past year .
Currently , just 16 % of the public expresses a favorable opinion of Pakistan , down from 37 % in the spring of 2008 .
Divided over Military Action : Among the public , 63 % approve of the use of U.S. military force against Iran if it were certain that Iran had produced a nuclear weapon ; just 33 % of CFR members agree .
But a greater percentage of CFR members ( 63 % ) than the public ( 51 % ) favors using U.S. military force if extremists were poised to take over Pakistan .
Obama – Best and Worst : CFR members overwhelmingly see President Obama ’s emphasis on engagement and diplomacy as the best thing about his administration ’s foreign policy ( 44 % ) .
The most frequently cited negatives about Obama ’s foreign policy are his handling of Afghanistan and Pakistan ( 27 % ) .
Fewer See U.S. as Less Respected : Most Americans ( 56 % ) say the United States is less respected than in the past , but that is down from 70 % last year .
In contrast with surveys during the Bush administration , more Republicans ( 68 % ) than Democrats ( 49 % ) now say the U.S. is less respected .
England 's libel law is being used to bully people into silence , quash dissent and destroy criticism , comic Dara O'Briain said today .
O'Briain backed the need for urgent reform of a " ridiculous system " that was attracting libel tourists and threatening freedom of speech .
The performer and author was speaking the day before leading academics , medical and science editors and human rights activists will lobby MPs and peers to reform libel laws .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Last month , Justice Secretary Jack Straw said he was preparing proposals for reform , calling the current system " unbalanced " .
Speaking at the launch of the campaign at The Law Society in central London , O'Briain said : " The libel laws which were initially set up to protect the reputation of individuals at a time when companies were n't the entities they are now are being used by companies to essentially quash dissent and to destroy criticism .
" That 's a major problem .
Companies can basically bully people out of saying bad things about their products and services . "
He added that the " ridiculous " system meant discussion of issues in the public interest , such as dubious medical practices or the benefits of a new pill , were being prevented by the fear of libel .
The Mock The Week presenter also joked his support came at " great personal cost " as he had run a travel agency specialising in libel tourism for many years .
Roger Highfield , New Scientist editor , agreed the libel laws were having a " chilling effect on the discussion of medical therapies " .
Author AC Grayling said it was a " profound injustice " that big organisations could " buy the silence of other people " .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
The libel laws were " an instrument to bash other people with and that 's just unacceptable " , he said .
Broadcaster Nick Ross added the laws amounted to " bullying done under the veneer of respectability and decency " and libel was a " shameful process " .
" The law is simply on the side of the devil , as far as I can see , " he said .
Stand - up comic Alexei Sayle , who won a libel case brought against him , added it was " absurd " that he could have lost everything by " saying some words " , and joked that he may as well have " stabbed the f***** " .
Tracey Brown , managing director of Sense About Science , one of the organisations calling for reform , said the fear of libel was " so damaging " .
Human rights groups are holding back on criticising companies , critical biographies were being hindered , and US newspapers were considering blocking users with UK ISP addresses , she said .
Ms Brown added there was " international embarrassment " over the laws , which were also causing medical journals to hold back publication of reports , blocking critical reviews of misleading therapies and leading to fraudulent scientific papers not being withdrawn .
The Coalition for Libel Reform , backed by English PEN , the Index on Censorship , Sense About Science and Reporters Without Borders , said the cost of a libel trial was often in excess of £ 1 million and 140 times more expensive than libel cases in mainland Europe .
Stephen Fry , who was not at today 's launch , said the current situation with " archaic , unfair and illiberal libel laws " was making England a " global laughing stock " .
Last month , Mr Straw said radical change was needed .
Media outlets and individuals had to be given clearer rights to freedom of expression , he said .
Freedom of speech campaigners have suggested that libel payouts could be capped at £ 10,000 , and apologies made the main remedy .
There have also been calls for the burden of proof to be shifted , so claimants have to demonstrate damage .
Needless to say , these books are awesome .
Between these and this Threadless Shirt ( http://www.threadless.com/product/632/In_Case_of_Zombies), which I already own , I 'll be completly prepared for the oncoming Zombie Outbreak .
Weird Coincidence # 1
I gave the Ultimate Zombie Survival Guide for my best friend as a Christmas Present 2 years ago .
Weird Coincidence # 2 ( and this one is SPOOKY )
26 Days ago I had actually Messaged my not - yet - matched ' Secret Santa ' , in reply to his comment here ( http://www.reddit.com/r/secretsanta/comments/a5erv/so_you_signed_up_and_you_saw_a_dot_on_the_map_you/c0fxt9x) as he lived two - towns - over .
The first , and only , person I 've ever messaged on Reddit .
Then he got matched with me !
MINDFUCK
' Most popular ' metrics in App Engine
Posted by Nick Johnson | Filed under python , coding , app - engine , tech , datastore
One useful and common statistic to provide to users is a metric akin to " 7 day downloads " or " 7 day popularity " .
This appears across many sites and types of webapp , yet the best way to do this is far from obvious .
The naive approach is to record each download individually , and use something akin to " SELECT count ( * )
FROM downloads WHERE item_id = 123 AND download_date > seven_days_ago " , but this involves counting each download individually - O( n ) work with the number of downloads !
Caching the count is an option , but still leads to excessive amounts of work at read - time .
Another option is to maintain an array of daily download counts , keeping the last 7 .
This is an improvement from a workload point of view , but leads to either discontinuities at the start of a new day , or to all counts being updated only once per day .
There is a third option , however , which has the performance of the second option , with the responsiveness of the first .
To use it , however , we have to reconsider slightly what we mean by ' 7 day popularity ' .
The solution in question is to use an exponential decay process .
Each time an event happens , we increase the item 's popularity figure , which continuously decays over an extended period , ensuring that the figure provides a representation of recent popularity .
In order to figure out at what rate our popularity figure should decay , we can look to the ' mean lifetime ' formula .
If we think about the current popularity as a set , the mean lifetime figure allows us to calculate a decay rate such that an element ( for example , an individual download ) will remain in the set for a specified average amount of time - for example , 7 days .
The relevant formula is N( t ) = N 0 e-t/r , where N 0 is the value at the start , t is the amount of time elapsed , and r is the decay rate , which is simply the inverse of the mean lifetime .
Here 's how we calculate it in practice :
def timedelta_to_seconds ( delta ) : return delta.days * 86400 + delta.seconds + delta.microseconds / 1000000.0 MEAN_DOWNLOAD_LIFETIME = timedelta_to_seconds(datetime.timedelta( days=7 ) ) def decay ( value , elapsed ) : # What fraction of the mean lifetime has elapsed ?
decay_fraction = timedelta_to_seconds( elapsed ) / MEAN_DOWNLOAD_LIFETIME
return value * ( math.e ** - decay_fraction )
In the above code , we define MEAN_DOWNLOAD_LIFETIME as the number of seconds in 7 days , and the function decay ' decays ' a value , given the amount of time elapsed since the value was last evaluated .
Of course , in practice we can't have a value that continuously decays , much less store one in the datastore .
The solution is to use an approximation :
We will store the current value of the popularity metric , along with how long it 's been since we last applied the decay function .
Each time we increment the popularity metric , we 'll first apply the decay function to make sure it 's up to date .
Here 's an example model :
class File ( db. Model ) : popularity = db.FloatProperty ( required =True , default=0.0 ) last_decay = db.DateTimeProperty(required=True , auto_now_add=True ) def update_popularity ( self , delta ) : now = datetime.datetime.now ( ) self.popularity = decay( self.popularity , now - self.last_decay ) + delta self.last_decay = now
The standard caveats when dealing with frequently updated values apply here : update_popularity should be called inside a transaction that fetches and puts the File object , and depending on the expected update frequency , you should use a technique to alleviate contention issues when updating the record - my unsharded counter recipe would be a good choice here .
The solution we have now , then , allows us to search and rank based on popularity in an efficient manner , at the cost of using a slightly different metric ( exponential decay of popularity , rather than absolute download counts ) .
You 've probably realized that the ranking may not be entirely fair , however : A slightly less popular , but less recently updated entity may be ranked higher than a more popular but more recently updated entity .
For the most part , this will be taken care of by regular updates to the entities , but we still need a way to clean up after the stragglers .
This can be achieved with a scheduled task that applies the decay function to any particularly out - of - date entities :
Where 's the best place to start your kids with reading Science Fiction ?
Here 's a booklist of some of the best Sci-Fi for the discerning young adult , because it 's never too early to teach them about the dangers of dystopian societies .
Advertisement
Perhaps you 've found a dog - eared copy of Ender 's Game under your thirteen - year - old 's mattress .
Perhaps your progeny comes home one day and announces they 're reading 1984 at school .
Perhaps you 've noticed someone has made off with your copy of Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep ?
It 's time to have " The Talk " .
It 's time to tell your child about Science Fiction .
To assist with this , I 've picked out list of books ranging from Science Fiction to Futuristic Fantasy , and various Dystopian coming - of - age novels .
Note : I have not included Fantasy novels .
You 'll notice some things you 'd imagine should be here are missing , like Dragonriders of Pern and His Dark Materials , because those fall into the Fantasy category .
Advertisement
Start with the classics .
Verne 's From The Earth To The Moon and 20,000 Leagues Under The Sea , Well 's The Time Machine and The War Of The Worlds .
A good grounding in the realms of space adventure and time travel is invaluable to any child .
They 'll thank you for it someday .
Huxley 's Brave New World , Orwell 's 1984 , and Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 and The Martian Chronicles are included on many school reading lists .
If your school system is n't already on the previously - banned - books bandwagon , seek these books out and gift them to your child .
These books are great , nay , essential reads for any kid interested in science fiction .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Robert Heinlein's Have Space Suit , Will Travel ( 1958 )
Advertisement
Unlike Heinlein's later books with a progressively more adult tone , this is a strictly PG - 13 outing aimed at younger readers , which takes elements of noir and adventure and drops them into a Sputnik - era vision of future space travel .
Even taking the intended audience into account , this early novel sometimes suffers from Heinlein 's workmanlike narrative style .
Nevertheless , Spacesuit neatly treads the line between " hard " and " soft " Sci - Fi , presents a likable and gutsy teenage main character , assumes a technology that 's dirty and lived - in , and ultimately involves alien contact which raises thorny questions about humanity .
Recommended , especially for pint - sized fans of the history of science and Sci-Fi who will appreciate that these visionary elements ( especially having been written in a time of gleaming rockets and apparent human domination of space ) later turned up in everything from 2001 to Star Wars .
John Christopher 's Tripods Trilogy ( 1967 )
Advertisement
These books are truly unique in the YA Sci-Fi pantheon .
This story of three boys pitted against the sinister overlords who have run Earth for more than a century explores subversive ideas about propaganda and totalitarian systems of government , the confusing interplay between adolescent ideals and the compromises of the grown - up world , and even the ethical nuances of the relationship between pets and their ' owners . '
These books include several elements that are unusual for a YA series , such as an ending to the series that will definitely challenge the expectations of young readers raised on saccharine fairy tales , and a pronounced atmosphere of isolation and uncertainty for much of the series .
Highly recommended .
Kurt Vonnegut 's Welcome To The Monkey House , particularly Harrison Bergeron ( 1968 )
Advertisement
Many kids nowadays read Slaughterhouse - Five or Cats Cradle in high school .
I 'd go so far as to recommend Vonnegut for discerning 7th or 8th graders .
This was the age my friends and I discovered Vonnegut and we hungrily read everything from his collection we could get our hands on .
My introduction was Sirens of Titan ( which blew my everlovin ' mind ) , but in retrospect I think Welcome To The Monkey House would have been a better jumping - off point .
Vonnegut 's short fiction is breathtaking , darkly humorous , and speaks quite well to discontented adolescents .
Harrison Bergeronis a favorite of mine , and despite its dark ending it has a great message at its core about the power of the individual and how much courage it takes just to be yourself in a world that is constantly putting you down .
Advertisement
Daniel Pinkwater 's Alan Mendelsohn , The Boy From Mars ( 1979 )
Advertisement
Many readers are more familiar with the author 's equally original Lizard Music , aimed at slightly younger readers , but Mendelsohn , written three years later , remains nearly as accessible , while gleefully leaping even further into the weird , silly and downright hilarious reaches of the Pinkwater universe , a place populated with strange and dangerous bookstores , malfunctioning authority figures ranging from the well - meaning to the sadistic , and intelligent youngsters struggling to be themselves while avoiding utter invisibility , open hostility , or ( possibly worst of all ) unstable idealization from their more conventional peers .
Highlights include a fierce satire of new - age seekers and self - help gurus ( undercut by gentle reminders that reality cannot always be taken at face value ) , a not - so - subtle celebration of urban neighborhoods over suburban sameness , and a touching and deeply felt meditation on friendship as a means of broadening one 's horizons .
Douglas Adams ' Hitchhikers Guide To The Galaxy trilogy ( 1979 )
Advertisement
At the tender age of thirteen I was handed a copy of the first novel in the Hitchhikers Guide trilogy .
This became a life - long love affair with not only all of Adams ' work , but with speculative fiction as a genre .
For the uninitiated , Adams ' comically misnamed trilogy is a series of five books chronicling the interstellar adventures of the last remaining Earthman , Arthur Dent , as he discovers the answer to Life , The Universe and Everything .
Adams ' " trilogy " is a classic of satirical science fiction and a great tool for teaching kids how much fun it can be to explore the galaxy .
Just do n't forget your towel .
Orson Scott Card's Ender 's Game ( 1985 )
Advertisement
Love it or hate it , Ender 's Game has become something of a staple of YA Science Fiction .
I include it mainly because I know so many folks who claim this is one of the first sci - fi books they ever picked up and have so many fond memories of it .
And despite the vicious debates over its promotion of violence and its heroic depictions of the battle - field mentality , it holds up as a very well - written space adventure story .
While there are certainly valid concerns about the ideals of both the book and its author ( I would encourage any parent to have a dialogue with their child while reading this book ) , I do n't really think reading Ender is going do your kid any more harm then playing HALO .
Jane Yolen 's The Pit Dragon trilogy ( 1982 )
Advertisement
Nominally Sci -Fi — taking place in the distant future on a distant planet — the overall feel of Yolen 's Dragon novels is closer to fantasy , with the relationship between humans and dragons taking center stage throughout most of the series .
Due to a romantic subplot , these books may draw slightly older readers , but the presentation is still fairly chaste and innocent .
Yolen infuses her stories with a warm , feral emotional core , and the subtle interplay between the various characters is convincing .
Recommended for kids who are n't afraid to get in touch with a more sensitive side of this beloved genre .
William Sleator 's Interstellar Pig ( 1984 )
Advertisement
Despite the rapid escalation of the storyline to planet - imperiling proportions , this briskly - paced novel , involving a young boy whose summer neighbors introduce him to a particularly unusual board game , is more of a romp than anything else .
Will appeal to fans of teen detectives , and should nicely set up the young reader to appreciate the works of Douglas Adams .
Recommended , especially for readers on the younger side with a taste for adventure and an active imagination .
Caution : may lead to your kids making their own version of the titular board game .
Madeleine L'Engle 's A Ring Of Endless Light ( 1980 ) and The Arm of the Starfish ( 1965 )
Advertisement
These elegantly written novels will mostly appeal to older tweens and younger teens , dwelling as they do on themes of betrayal , love and death .
Despite healthy ribbons of Sci - Fi , mostly centering on limb regeneration and ESP , most of both books deal with human relationships and frailties , even if the speculative elements help to cushion these themes somewhat .
The characters here appear in several other L'Engle titles , but either book can be read on its own , or both can be read together as a water - themed duo .
Recommended for slightly older readers who are ready for more emotionally challenging fare .
Advertisement
Lois Lowry's The Giver ( 1993 )
Advertisement
I was assigned The Giver in sixth grade .
It had come out only a few years before , winning the Newberry award and a permanent place on most middle - school reading lists .
It was my first encounter with dystopian fiction and was one of the books that started me writing .
Many YA Science Fiction novels deal with this same type of territory - most recently Scott Westerfield 's Uglies trilogy – a story connected to the empowerment of the individual and his or her struggle against the uniformity of the community .
At the " Ceremony of Twelve " , young Jonas becomes the receiver of knowledge shared only by one other member of his community , The Giver , and discovers the terrible truth about the dystopian world he inhabits .
A coming - of - age novel at its heart , The Giver is about the pain of growing up , of gaining knowledge of the world around you , and of facing the responsibilities of adulthood .
It is no surprise that over the past fifteen years this has become essential reading for every twelve - year - old .
Jonathan Letham 's Girl in Landscape ( 1998 )
Advertisement
I 'm a fan of Letham 's more adult work , like Gun , With Occasional Music .
His stab at a science - fiction coming - of - age story is bittersweet , heartbreaking and at times terrifying in its accuracy .
It deals with many of the challenges of youth , from moving to a new place to the pain of sexual awakening , and the difficult adjustment to living in Martian environment run by hermaphroditic aliens .
Ok , so maybe it's not exactly what everyone remembers about being a thirteen - year - old girl , but Letham 's Girl perfectly captures the awkward transition from youth to adulthood , and what it 's like to feel , well , like an alien during that tumultuous time .
M.T. Anderson 's Feed ( 2002 )
Advertisement
It 's really the classic story .
Boy meets girl , boy has a computer implant in his head , connected to the entire internet , to control his environment and spoon - feed him consumer culture propaganda .
A cyberpunk tale of the next generation , this recent novel from the brilliant mind of M.T. Anderson is set in a corporate dystopian future - verse .
It 's a great read and a great tool for introducing your teen to the evils of consumerism and corporate monoculture and to the coolness of hacker culture .
I 'd particularly recommend it as a two - part gift for an older teenager , along with Naomi's Klein non-fiction work No Logo .
I 'm truly sad this book was n't around when I was fifteen , although I made do with a stack of Adbusters under my mattress .
For the younger reader , I 'd highly recommend M. T. Anderson 's Thrilling Tales series , beginning with Whales On Stilts .
Taking its cues from everything from The Tripod Trilogy to Mark Twain , the series follows the adventures of three best friends who are trying to save the world .
The books harken back to an innocent , 1950 's era of story telling and are an entirely engaging and endearing read for both children and parents alike .
Scott Westerfeld 's Uglies trilogy ( 2005 )
Advertisement
I will openly admit that , despite its transparent analogies , I wish I 'd had the Uglies trilogy around when I was twelve years old and felt as through I was a total outcast .
It hits hard on all the classic themes of a modern coming - of - age novel ; puberty , peer pressure , body image and the importance of individuality .
In this dystopian world disguised as a utopia of beautiful people and seemingly unending bounty , children are born ugly and become uniformly beautiful by undergoing a complicated surgical procedure when they reach the age of sixteen .
The novels follow a group of rebels who opt out of the procedure and embrace their individuality .
Cory Doctorow's Little Brother ( 2008 )
Advertisement
Call me biased from living in the San Francisco Bay Area , but I think Little Brother is a great addition to this pantheon of classic YA science fiction .
Apparently I am not alone , as the novel has been nominated for , and subsequently already won , a handful awards since hitting the shelves last year .
For more information , check out Charlie Jane 's review of Doctorow 's new classic .
Advertisement
Of course , this Young Adult Sci-Fi reading list is by no means complete , and is simply meant to be used as a starter kit for introducing your child to realm of Science Fiction .
Additional reporting by Ian Ellison .
US aircraft were set to take part in the exercise
Turkey has postponed a joint air force drill after opposing Israel 's participation , the Israeli army says .
The regular exercise to improve international aerial cooperation was to involve several Nato air forces .
But Israel 's exclusion led to the United States and Italy refusing to take part in the exercise either .
Relations between Israel and Turkey have cooled since Ankara criticised Israel 's offensive in the Hamas - ruled Gaza Strip in December and January .
Turkey and Israel have previously enjoyed close military cooperation and conduct joint naval exercises .
The two countries share intelligence and have strong trade ties , following a military cooperation agreement in 1996 .
Turkey is one of the few Muslim countries to have relations with Israel , but these have been under strain since the Islamist - rooted AK Party was elected to power in 2002 .
In January , Turkish Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan publicly criticised Israel over the Gaza campaign and walked out of a session of the World Economic Forum in Switzerland attended by Israeli President Shimon Peres .
ABU DHABI ( Reuters ) - Abu Dhabi , wealthy capital of the United Arab Emirates , will “ pick and choose ” how to assist debt - laden neighbor Dubai , a senior official said on Saturday , after fears of a Dubai default sent global markets reeling .
A camel yawns on Jumeirah 's popular tourist beach in front of tower blocks in Dubai , November 28 , 2009 .
World leaders expressed confidence in the global economic recovery Friday despite fears about a debt default by Gulf emirate Dubai , while major banks played down their exposure to the debt .
REUTERS / Steve Crisp
“ We will look at Dubai ’s commitments and approach them on a case - by - case basis .
It does not mean that Abu Dhabi will underwrite all of their debts , ” the official in the government of the emirate of Abu Dhabi told Reuters by phone .
Dubai ’s crisis exploded on Wednesday when the emirate , known for flashy lifestyles and the world ’s tallest building , said it would delay payment on debt issued by one of its flagship firms , angering investors and sending global markets sharply lower .
Selective assistance for companies in “ Dubai Inc. , ” a network of quasi - sovereign industries , instead of blanket assistance , would serve a rude awakening to investors who for years assumed that the conservative Abu Dhabi provided a safety net for its racier neighbor .
“ Some of Dubai ’s entities are commercial , semi - government ones .
Abu Dhabi will pick and choose when and where to assist , ” said the official , who declined to be identified because he is not authorized to speak to the media .
At stake is the $ 59 billion in debt held by government controlled holding company Dubai World and its property arm Nakheel , builder of palm - shaped islands for wealthy celebrities .
Dubai delayed payment on Nakheel debt by six months in a shock announcement , which came on the eve of a long holiday .
World leaders including Britain ’s Gordon Brown and French premier Francois Fillon said the global economy -- recovering from two years of financial crisis -- was now strong enough to deal with a shock of this magnitude .
And markets began to recover on Friday after banks outside the Gulf said they were not heavily exposed to Dubai debts .
India , which receives 10 - 12 percent of its worker remittances from the UAE , said on Saturday it would keep a close watch on the situation in Dubai but did not expect much impact on it .
In the Gulf itself , details of local banks ’ exposure to Dubai have begun to emerge .
Years of chasing business in Dubai ’s property boom means Abu Dhabi banks have built up an exposure to Dubai - based companies worth at least 30 percent of their loan books , senior bankers in Abu Dhabi said on Friday .
In most investors ’ minds , the question is not whether Abu Dhabi will support Dubai but when and how .
Abu Dhabi , which pumps 90 percent of the oil that make the United Arab Emirates the world ’s third - largest oil exporter , has already provided $ 15 billion in indirect support for Dubai through the UAE central bank and two private Abu Dhabi banks .
How much more support the emirate provides for its cash - strapped neighbor , however , will depend on how Dubai clarifies its stand on unresolved issues .
“ Until things become clearer , it is very difficult to make any further investment decision on the bonds .
Many things have to be clarified by Dubai , ” the official said .
MONITORING
The UAE central bank said it was closely watching events to ensure no harm results for the national economy , a spokesman for the central bank said on Saturday .
“ The central bank is monitoring developments very carefully to ensure that there is no negative impact on the UAE economy , ” the spokesman told Reuters by phone .
Constitutionally , each emirate in the UAE is a separate legal entity within the loose federation , and each controls its own natural and financial resources .
The federal government has no guaranteed access to those resources nor is it obliged to underwrite the liabilities of any emirate .
As part of Dubai ’s restructuring program , investors have been advised of a “ standstill ” in repayment of flagship real estate developer Nakheel ’s $ 3.5 billion Islamic bond , or sukuk , due for maturity on December 14 .
Dubai World ’s $ 59 billion of liabilities as of August make up the majority of Dubai ’s total debt of $ 80 billion .
International banks ’ exposure related to Dubai World could reach $ 12 billion in syndicated and bilateral loans , banking sources told Thomson Reuters LPC .
A statement from the Dubai government is expected on Monday , when the markets reopen following an extended break for Eid , a Muslim religious holiday .
BMW K 1300 S Review
Since we as motorcyclists age like a fine wine as the years go by , we tend to gravitate towards a more balanced motorcycle rather than ride the razor ’s edge of a true sport bike .
Want proof ?
Look no further than the sport touring market as that segment has exploded in recent years .
Most mature riders seek out a motorcycle that maintains the performance they ’ve grown accustom to over the years without enduring an uncomfortable riding position .
Not to mention that the popularity of exploring one ’s surroundings is quite an enticing idea for those of us who sit in an office cubicle for 10 hours a day ( you know who you are ) .
Enter the BMW K 1300 S.
What ’s that , you say ?
BMW only creates cars — not motorcycles .
On the contrary my fine freckled friend , as BMW Motorrad ( the name given to this German company ’s motorcycle business unit ) has been producing motorcycles since 1923 when it produced its first motorcycle – the R32 .
Even though BMW sold over 100,000 units in 2008 alone , the company is designing new motorcycles for a variety of markets ( e.g. , the S1000 RR sport bike ) .
If you do order a K 1300 S — or any other BMW motorcycle for that matter — it will be manufactured at their exclusive Berlin facility .
Style is always subjective , but I like the sharp lines , angular fuel tank and large headlight housing of the K 1300 S .
The integrated front turn signals in the mirrors along with the sculpted windshield create a smooth profile and an aesthetically pleasing front view .
Add in a well - designed cockpit and the K 1300 S wo n’t be misconstrued as anything but a BMW .
Speaking of the instrument panel , someone in Germany must have listened to my voicemails , as it has everything ( and I do mean everything ) a rider would want to know about how his or her motorcycle is performing .
The large analog tachometer and white face speedometer are easy to read ( backlit at night with an orange hue ) , as are the turn signal indicator lights , the neutral indicator and the ABS light .
The K 1300 S has joined all of the UJM ( Universal Japanese Manufacturer ) motorcycles too , as it now places the turn signal switch on the left side of the clip - on handlebars instead of BMW ’s customary independent left and right switches .
The other main items that you might come to expect from a dash are clearly visible within the LCD , such as the clock , air / coolant temperature and trip meters .
Not only that , but you also have readouts for fuel range , highest speed traveled , TPM ( tire pressure monitoring ) , suspension and gear selection , heated grips and [ wait for it ] a fuel gauge .
Yes , finally a manufacturer has combined all the relevant information into one clear and concise instrumentation cluster .
I think BMW owes the dashboard team a few rounds of Weizenbock .
BMW is certainly known for using technology in its motorcycles and the K 1300 S is no exception .
Whether it ’s the ABS ( Anti-Locking Braking System ) , ASC ( Automatic Stability Control ) , ESA II ( Electronic Suspension Adjustability ) or GSA ( Gear Shift Assistant ) , this motorcycle has enough technology to make George Lucas blush .
The fascinating thing about what BMW has done is that all of the systems work seamlessly together without one dominating the others .
Not an easy task by any means when these types of systems have to deal with complex situations including , but not limited to , varying road conditions .
All the fancy electronics will always take a back seat to the one crucial part of a motorcycle : its tires .
And here , too , the K 1300 S does n’t disappoint .
With an aluminum single - sided swingarm and cast aluminum rims mounted with a Bridgestone Battlax 120/70 - 17 front and 190/55 - 17 rear , the tires provide ample grip and warmed up rather quickly , considering the fall - type weather I experienced while riding .
With a length of 86 in . and a weight of 560 lbs. ( road ready ) , this latest K 1300 S is slightly heavier than the outgoing version ; 14 lbs. to be accurate .
Although most manufacturers try to decrease weight for obvious reasons , no doubt some of this added weight is due to stricter emissions controls .
The good news is that this additional mass is n’t noticed while at speed and there are a few more ponies ( 8 hp and 7 ft. lbs. of torque ) on tap for 2009 vs. 2008 .
Now normally I ’d say that in order to ride a bike like this you ’d have to be graced with some decent height but since BMW offers a low seat option that lowers your at - rest position by 1.1 in .
( 31.1 in. vs. 32.3 in. ) , you do n’t need to be a six - plus footer .
Those that fall short of that mark rejoice as you should be able to flat - foot the K 1300 S without a problem .
Whichever height range you fall into , between the adjustable levers , high clip - ons and different seat options , the K 1300 S should fit your statue perfectly .
It ’s apparent that the engineers who designed this motorcycle do n’t live in a vacuum , as there ’s plenty of knowledge transfer across all the divisions of BMW .
Case in point :
The M - Technik ( or just “ M ” for Motorsport ) engineers surely gave some guidance when it was time to create the new engine for the “ K ” .
The bore and stroke was changed to 80 x 64.3 mm ( up from 79 x 59 mm ) so that the 1,293 cc liquid - cooled four - stroke in - line four - cylinder engine with four valves per cylinder , two overhead camshafts and dry sump lubrication now produces 175 hp @ 9,250 rpm and 103 ft. lbs. @ 8,250 rpm .
The compression ratio of 13:1 remains unchanged .
Big HP and tons of torque are available anywhere in the rpm range and the only restraint this engine has is your right hand .
If left to its own devices it — and you — will easily pass the triple digit mark and blow the doors off of anything on the road .
Perhaps a trip to Germany to travel the Autobahn or a take a few hot laps around Nürburgring would n’t be a bad idea if you want to truly experience all of what the K 1300 S engine has to offer .
The stock exhaust has a nice snarl to it but after riding with another K 1200 S that had an Akrapovic exhaust fitted , I ’d most likely change to that .
Not only will the bike lose weight but it will also gain a few more horsepower in the process .
Of course , your fuel consumption may spike since you ’re going to want to hear the bike sing like it was performing Beethoven ’s Fideliobut with a 5 gal .
fuel tank ( 1 gal. reserve ) I think you ’ll find it ’s worth the cost .
All that horsepower and torque is put to the ground via a constant mesh 6 - speed gearbox with multiple - disc clutch mated to a shaft drive .
There are many pros and cons regarding shaft , chain and belt drive systems ( many of which I ’ve discussed before ) , but BMW ’s shaft drive is as smooth as silk .
The shifting is exact and there ’s no lag between shifts .
Incorporate the GSA ( gear shift assistant ) option and clutchless upshifts and downshifts are a breeze .
You can literally click through 6 gears in a manner of seconds without ever letting off the throttle .
There is a bit more “ clunk ” in the gearbox while shifting this way but it ’s a small price to pay for keeping the power going .
Obviously with this much power you ’re going to need a braking system that ’s up to the task .
Although the K 1300 S does n’t have radial mounted brakes it nonetheless has a very capable braking system .
Up front there are dual 320 mm floating discs and 4 - piston fixed calipers .
Out back a single 265 mm , double - piston floating caliper handles your stopping requests .
These ABS - outfitted brakes had good initial bite , excellent feedback at the lever and overall worked well .
Perhaps there might be some flexing with these conventional units compared to a radial mounted setup but you ’d be hard pressed to notice it and if you did , I ’d have to assume you ’re at the track doing your best impression of Troy Corser .
If you ’re one of the few that are lucky enough to do a track day or stretch the legs of the K 1300 S on your favorite canyon roads then you ’re definitely going to want to have a suspension package that can handle each of those environments .
The K 1300 S implements what BMW calls a Duolever front suspension .
BMW first introduced this type of suspension in 2004 and it ’s now standard equipment on the S , R and GT versions of the “ K ” series .
As you ’ve probably noticed already there are no conventional sliding forks .
Instead there are two trailing links made of forged steel which are attached via rolling bearings to the bridge - type frame .
A central spring strut , which adjusts the suspension and damping , is linked to the lower of the two trailing links and rests against the frame .
A trapezoidal shear joint mounted to the control head and the wheel carrier is coupled with the handlebar .
This shear joint transmits the steering movements .
The advantage of this type of front suspension is its torsional rigidity , thus equating to very precise suspension movements along with enhanced rider feedback .
The rear suspension is n’t the normal piggy - back unit either .
The rear employs BMW ’s Paralever system , which decouples torque reaction as the suspension compresses and extends , avoiding the tendency to squat under braking and reducing tire chatter from the road surface .
In 2005 , along with the introduction of the “ Hexhead ” engine , BMW inverted the Paralever and moved the torque arm from the bottom to the top of the drive shaft housing which increased ground clearance on the left side while in full lean .
Alright , you say , that ’s all fine and dandy but does it really work ?
Absolutely .
The bike feels extremely stable at high speeds and can carve a corner like a middle weight sport bike .
If you opt for the ESA option then you can change the damper settings “ on the fly ” ( moving or not ) .
Three settings are available : “ Comfort ” , “ Normal ” and “ Sport . ”
You can also adjust the preload ( when stationary ) by holding down the ESA button and selecting three additional settings represented by small icons– one helmet ( one rider ) ; one helmet and luggage or two helmets ( one rider and a passenger ) .
I sampled all of these settings with and without a passenger and I certainly noticed a difference .
Each setting is distinctive and best of all you can change into these modes by just a push of a button .
No tools required ; but do n’t let your spanner wrench hear you say that .
All of that technology does n’t come cheap though and for that kind of money you expect a lot from a motorcycle .
BMW recognizes this and is solidifying their status as a technological leader by investing heavily in R&D ( as it ’s apparent with the “ K ” series ) and producing systems that aid you as a rider rather than isolate you from your ride entirely .
Luckily for us , BMW has struck the right balance of embedding technology into their motorcycles to not only make us better riders but also make the ride more enjoyable .
The 2009 BMW K 1300 S has three color choices : light grey metallic , lava orange metallic and sapphire black / granite grey / magma red .
If you really want to stand out from the crowd then I ’d suggest the lava orange otherwise either of the other two color schemes would be my choice .
The “ K ” has a manufacturer ’s suggested retail price ( MSRP ) of $ 15,250 .
Choose the standard package ( adding heated grips ) and the price rises to $ 15,500 .
The premium package , consisting of heated grips , GSA , ESA II , ASC , and TPM will set you back $ 17,500 .
Add in an alarm , luggage grid and the sapphire tri-color scheme and you ’re fully loaded at $ 18,695 .
Visit BMW ’s web site for more information .
More : wBW Motorcycle Reviews Directory
2009 BMW K1300S – Specifications Engine Type : Water - cooled 4 - stroke in - line four - cylinder - engine , four valves per cylinder , two overhead camshafts , dry sump lubrication Bore x Stroke : 80 mm x 64.3 mm Capacity : 1293 cc Rated output : 175 hp ( 129 kW ) at 9,250 rpm Max . torque : 103 ft. lbs. ( 140 Nm ) at 8,250 rpm Compression ratio : 13.0 : 1 Engine Management Electronic intake pipe injection / digital engine management including knock sensor ( BMS-K ) Emission control : Closed - loop 3 - way catalytic converter , emission standard EU - 3 Performance Maximum speed : Over 125 mph 200 km/h Fuel consumption per 100 km at constant 90 km/h : 4.7 l Fuel consumption per 100 km at constant 120 km/h : 5.3 l Fuel type : Unleaded Premium Electrical System Alternator : three - phase alternator 580 W Battery : 12 V / 14 Ah , maintenance - free Power Transmission Clutch : Multiple - disc clutch in oil bath , hydraulically operated Gearbox : Constant mesh 6 - speed gearbox Drive : Shaft drive Chassis and Brakes Frame : Bridge - type frame , cast aluminum , load - bearing engine Front wheel location / suspension : BMW Motorrad Duolever ; central spring strut Rear wheel location / suspension :
Cast aluminum single - sided swing arm with BMW Motorrad Paralever ; central spring strut with lever system , spring pre-load adjustable hydraulically ( continuously variable ) at handwheel , adjustable rebound damping Suspension travel front / rear : 4.5 inches ( 115 mm ) / 5.3 inches ( 135 mm ) Wheelbase : 62.4 inches ( 1585 mm ) Castor : 4.1 inches ( 104.4 mm ) Steering head angle : 60.4° Wheels : Cast aluminum Rim , front : 3.50 x 17 ″ Rim , rear : 6.00 x 17 ″ Tires , front : 120/70 ZR
17 Tires , rear : 190/55 ZR 17 Brake , front :
Twin disc , floating brake discs , diameter 320 mm , 4 - piston fixed calipers Brake , rear : Single disc brake , diameter 265 mm , double - piston floating caliper ABS : BMW Motorrad Integral ABS ( part- integral ) standard equipment Dimensions and Weights Length : 86 inches ( 2182 mm ) Width ( incl. mirrors ) : 35.6 inches ( 905 mm ) Height ( excl. mirrors ) : 48 inches ( 1221 mm )
Seat height , unladen weight : 32.3 inches ( 820 mm ) ( low seat : 31.1 inches [ 790 mm ] )
Inner leg curve , unladen weight : 71.2 inches ( 1810 mm ) ( low seat : 68.9 inches [ 1750 mm ] )
Unladen weight , road ready , fully fuelled : 560 lbs ( 254 kg ) *
Dry weight : 503 lbs ( 228 kg ) **
Permitted total weight : 1014 lbs ( 460 kg ) Payload ( with standard equipment ) : 454 lbs ( 206 kg ) Usable tank volume : 5 U.S. gallons ( 19 liters ) Reserve : Approx . 1 U.S. gallon ( 4.0 liters ) * According to guideline 93/93/ EWG with all fluids , fuelled with at least 90 % of usable tank volume .
** Unladen weight without fluids .
Publication Date : November 2009
Note : For informational use only .
All material and photographs are Copyright © webWorld International , LLC since 2000 .
All rights reserved .
See the webBikeWorld ®
For informational use only .
All material and photographs are Copyright © webWorld International , LLC since 2000 .
All rights reserved .
See the webBikeWorld® Site Info page .
Product specifications , features and details may change or differ from our descriptions .
Always check before purchasing .
Read the Terms and Conditions
Owner Comments and Feedback
See Comments are ordered from most recent to oldest .
See details on submitting comments
O'Neill said such bikes are used because they require few repairs beyond the occasional flat tire .
O'Neill said such bikes can be outfitted with brakes , but the riders can still use the bikes without the brakes - thus making the requirement pointless
The federal Employment Non-Discrimination
Act is entering its final stages before it sees a House vote .
Call the capital switchboard at ( 202 ) 224-3121 and ask to speak to your representative ’s office .
A sample of what to say would be : “ I am calling in support of the Employment Non-Discrimination Act ( H. R. 3017 / S. 1584 ) , which will protect lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people from job discrimination .
No one deserves to be fired from their job because of who they are .
Please vote yes for ENDA . ”
You can call 24/7 and leave a message – they count just as much as actually speaking to someone .
You may also sign the National Center for Transgender Equality ’s ENDA petition here .
The Annotated Grateful Dead Lyrics
Dedicated to the memory of Jerry Garcia .
Contents
This site provides footnotes for Grateful Dead lyrics .
The standard procedure will be to provide links for words or phrases which might benefit from some elucidation , without attempting to give definitive " interpretations , " since that 's a very personal endeavor .
The standard text for Robert Hunter 's lyrics will be his A Box of Rain ( 2nd ed. , 1993 ) .
He has kindly agreed to allow me to use full text for all lyrics as of April 24 , 1996 !
Hunter has also posted his lyrics on the web !
For John Perry Barlow 's lyrics , the standard text will be his own library of lyrics , on the World Wide Web .
Lyrics by others , such as Robert Petersen , Robert Weir , and Jerry Garcia , will be from legitimate song books , whenever possible .
As appropriate , some lyrics will include an analysis section , which will provide technical information on the lyric 's construction , and some potential avenues for interpretation .
I actively encourage anyone with differing interpretations to send them to me via the links provided in each song 's pages .
Within each lyric 's pages , some links will be to footnotes within that page , and some to sites outside of this web site .
That 's the fun of it , I think .
Some of the links are to commercial databases ; this is not meant as an endorsement .
There are two main metaphors for this project that I try to keep in mind : 1 ) I 've always wondered what would happen if , every time you ran into any kind of reference to a book or a person or a work of art you were n't familiar with , you had to go find out about that thing before you continued with what you were doing : would you ever finish anything ? ; and 2 ) The mirror ball in Winterland , which would just sort of scatter all over , shedding shards of light without really claiming to illuminate anything .
Always a high point of a Winterland show .
The scope of the project will be limited to lyrics of original songs performed by the Dead .
The covers have been more than adequately covered by Blair Jackson in his columns on " Roots " in The Golden Road , which have been collected into a chapter of his book : Goin ' Down the Road : a Grateful Dead Travelling Companion . .
For a web site on the covers , see Randy Jackson 's excellent Roots of the Grateful Dead .
Additionally , Mike Carver is making an effort to collect annotations for songs which appeared in rec.music.
gdead at his site .
I would especially like to acknowledge the support of the Kraemer Family Library of the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs during the inception of this project , and of the Grateful Dead , and in particular , Alan Trist of Ice Nine Publishing .
The support of Dr. Fred Lieberman of the University of California , Santa Cruz , has been invaluable .
Enjoy the ride !
( by David Dodd unless otherwise noted )
In spite of their genetic similarity to humans , chimpanzees and great apes have maximum lifespans that rarely exceed 50 years .
The difference , explains USC Davis School of Gerontology Professor Caleb Finch , is that as humans evolved genes that enabled them to better adjust to levels of infection and inflammation and to the high cholesterol levels of their meat rich diets .
In the December issue of Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( Early Edition ) , Finch reveals that these evolutionary genetic advantages , caused by slight differences in DNA sequencing and improvements in diet , make humans uniquely susceptible to diseases of aging such as cancer , heart disease and dementia when compared to other primates .
Finch , the ARCO & William F. Kieschnick Professor in the Neurobiology of Aging and a distinguished University Professor , argues that a major contributor to longevity for humans is the genes that adapt to higher exposure to inflammation .
" Over time , ingestion of red meat , particularly raw meat infected with parasites in the era before cooking , stimulates chronic inflammation that leads to some of the common diseases of aging , " Finch said .
In addition to differences in diets between species of primates , humans evolved unique variants in a cholesterol transporting gene , apolipoprotein E , which also regulates inflammation and many aspects of aging in the brain and arteries .
ApoE3 is unique to humans and may be what Finch calls " a meat - adaptive gene " that has increased the human lifespan .
However , the minor allele , apoE4 , when expressed in humans , can impair neuronal development , as well as shorten human lifespan by about four years and increase the risk of heart disease and Alzheimer disease by several - fold .
ApoE4 carriers have higher totals of blood cholesterol , more oxidized blood lipids and early onset of coronary heart disease and Alzheimer 's disease .
" The chimpanzee apoE functions more like the " good " apoE3 , which contributes to low levels of heart disease and Alzheimer 's , " Finch said .
Correspondingly , chimpanzees in captivity have unusually low levels of heart disease and Alzheimer - like changes during aging .
Finch hypothesizes that the expression of ApoE4 could be the result of the antagonistic pleiotropy theory of aging , in which genes selected to fight diseases in early life have adverse affects in later life .
" ApoeE may be a prototype for other genes that enabled the huge changes in human lifespan , as well as brain size , despite our very unape - like meat - rich diets , " Finch said .
" Drugs being developed to alter activities of apoE4 may also enhance lifespan of apoE4 carriers . "
Support was provided by the National Institute on Aging and the Ellison Medical Foundation .
Emergence Versus Self - Organisation : Diﬀerent Concepts but Promising When Combined
Tom De Wolf and Tom Holvoet
Department of Computer Science , Kuleuven , Celestijnenlaan 200A , 3001 Leuven , Belgium
{
Tom.DeWolf , Tom.
Holvoet
}
@cs.kuleuven.ac.be
Abstract .
A clear terminology is essential in every research discipline .
In the context of ESOA , a lot of confusion exists about the meaning of the terms emergence and self - organisation .
One of the sources of the confusion comes from the fact that a combination of both phenomena often occurs in dynamical systems .
In this paper a historic overview of the use of each concept as well as a working deﬁnition , that is compatible with the historic and current meaning of the concepts , is given .
Each deﬁnition is explained by supporting it with important characteristics found in the literature .
We show that emergence and self - organisation each emphasise diﬀerent properties of a system .
Both phenomena can exist in isolation .
The paper also outlines some examples of such systems and considers the combination of emergence and self - organisation as a promising approach in complex multi-agent systems .
1 In tr od uc ti on
In the context of engineering self - organising applications there are two very im - portant concepts to consider : emergence and self - organisation .
In many multi- agent systems and complex adaptive systems in general , a combination of the two concepts is often used .
As a consequence , much literature describes emergence and self - organisation incorrectly as synonyms and this results in misconception about their meaning .
When engineering such applications , using a clear ter- minology is very important .
To clarify the distinction between emergence and self - organisation , this paper ’s goal is to propose a working deﬁnition of both conce pts .
This deﬁnition is supporte d by charact erist ics that most literature describes as essential for emergence or self - organisation .
Emergence and self - organisation each emphasise very diﬀerent characteristics of a system ’s behaviour .
Both phenomena can exist in isolation and they can co-exist in a dynamical system .
The ﬁrst two sections of this paper describe each phenomenon separately by giving a historic overview of the use of each concept , proposing a working deﬁnition , and outlining their important characteristics to explain and support the deﬁnition given .
The third section relates emergence and self - organisation to each other by discussing their similarities and diﬀerences .
S. Brueckner et al. ( Eds. ) : ESOA 2004 , LNCS 3464 , pp. 1 – 15 , 2005 . c

NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) -- Just asking :
Is there any other corporate gang we despise or mistrust more on Wall Street than the bankers over at Goldman Sachs Group Inc . ?
We suspect they cheat -- that they 're too cozy with the government .
We worry they rig the system , manipulate our leaders , have too much influence .
They seem to own the stock exchange through wheeling and dealing and Capitol Hill through connections and campaign contributions .
We 're mad as hell , but we do n't know what to do about it .
Henry Paulson Reuters
True , Goldman GS , +2.12 % has brought much of this hate upon itself .
The investment bank packaged $ 128 billion in mortgage - backed securities in the three years leading up to the credit crisis , according to Dealogic , and then began betting against those markets in the months before the fallout .
Goldman was made whole by the by the government bailout of American International Group Inc. AIG , +0.87 % .
The firm 's former chief executive , Henry Paulson , appears to have spent much of 2008 concerned about his former employer 's welfare -- including attending a board meeting and taking phone calls from its management -- as he spent hundreds of billions of taxpayer dollars to bailout the financial system as Treasury Secretary .
If favoritism has been shown , it 's unacceptable .
But part of our frustration stems from the fact there is n't any obvious crime .
There are no smoking guns .
Unless we can prove some kind of wrongdoing other than taking advantage of opportunities in the system , do n't we have to tip our caps ?
Is n't there something uniquely American about competing hard , as long as we stay within the boundaries ?
Taking credit
Take , for instance , the latest Goldman scandal .
Fannie Mae FNM , is reportedly negotiating to sell tax credits to Goldman as a way to raise cash .
For Goldman , the tax credits would offset its overall tax bill from Uncle Sam , according to The Wall Street Journal .
See full story
The plan is on the ropes mostly because the Obama administration and Goldman are becoming increasingly sensitive to criticism about favoritism .
Remember , it 's Fannie Mae that 's seeking to sell the credits to raise money .
If Goldman buys the tax credits at a discount , the government loses the difference when the tax bill comes due .
This is n't Goldman 's idea .
Any profitable company can apply .
The problem is that many U.S. companies are n't making the kind of profits that require massive tax benefits .
Those that qualify are probably are hesitant to touch something for sale by Fannie Mae .
Google Inc. GOOG , +0.01 % has made more than $ 4 billion this year , would anyone cry foul if they bought tax credits from the government ?
How about J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM , +0.96 % ?
What if General Motors Co. rolled off a few profitable quarters ?
Could they get a tax break ?
Goldman , as it should be , is exploring every way it can legally cut its tax bill and increase profits .
If more banks had Goldman 's chutzpah , maybe so many would n't have been brought to their knees during the last 18 months .
An unsavory truth
In an era of bailouts , is n't it ironic that many in the public , on Wall Street and in the media take shots at the industry 's success stories .
By comparison , Citigroup Inc. C , +1.62 % and Bank of America Corp. BAC , +1.34 % get a free ride even though those firms took a combined $ 95 billion from taxpayers and have n't repaid a dime , save for the $ 4.142 billion in interest they 've paid .
If it is n't Goldman , it 's BlackRock Inc. BLK , +1.57 % at the center of conspiracy talk .
The institutional money manager was tapped by the Treasury Department and Federal Reserve to run the Public Private Investment Program to assess risk in the Bear Stearns and AIG portfolios .
Firms such as BlackRock and Goldman may be participating in a conspiracy , but it 's a conspiracy in the open .
That 's why the outrage over Goldman 's buyout of tax credits is so amazing .
The government is trying to encourage the winners in private sector to take some of the burden away from taxpayers , but Goldman gets blamed for stepping up .
There are plenty of reasons to disparage Goldman , BlackRock or whatever the scoundrel du jour is .
A government stocked with former company executives is going be partial to the industry from where they came .
Since we 're appointing czars the way we used to hand out mortgages , maybe we can get one to review conflicts .
But do n't hate Goldman for making shrewd business decisions .
That 's a commodity that 's been in short supply on Wall Street .
Because of horrific and unbearable events in our personal lives , Erfworld is permanently discontinued as a webcomic .
To those with a Date - a - mancy connection ( our extended family of supporters and friends ) , more information is available at login .
You will know if you have a Date - a - mancy connection if your account has this badge on it :
The method we used to award this badge was crude and quick , and there 's no doubt that we missed hundreds of beloved folks .
( That includes a few people who never had an account on this site . )
If you feel you were overlooked , you 're probably right .
Please write [ email protected ] and remind us why your heart is entwined with ours .
We could really stand to hear it right now .
For everyone else , here are the important FAQs :
Forums , wiki , and chat will be accessible only by Date - a - mancy .
New accounts may not be created .
New Toolshed subscriptions may not be created .
Archive of previously posted pages can be read here .
Future updates ( should they occur ) will be accessible only by Date - a- mancy
Future books ( should they be made ) will be published and sold by traditional channels
The Erfworld store remains open .
Shmuckers balances will be honored for all users .
Store fulfillment is handled by a third party company , so placing orders will not cause any additional burden on us , and would actually help us deal with the aftermath .
We will try to have some more merchandise available in the future , to make sure your Shmuckers can still be redeemed for something worthwhile .
That includes the printed volumes , which will be offered on pre-order when we can handle that workload .
Any site badges you earned are still associated with your account and visible on your user profile .
Any collectibles , gems , or units associated with your user account are still in your profile , and may be sold for Shmuckers on the marketplace .
If you are still owed a personalized backer reward for any reason , then you should have a Heartstrings badge .
( If not , contact us through Kickstarter or the contact form . )
Information about fulfilling those rewards will be available to you at login .
Answers to other questions that arise may be added to this page as needed .
Thank you for spending your time with us .
That is pretty precious stuff to spend .
Rob and Linda Balder
October 11 , 2019
CIT provides funding for small and medium - sized firms
The US lender , CIT Group , has filed for bankruptcy protection , after a debt - exchange offer to bondholders failed .
However , the majority of bondholders have agreed a reorganisation plan that will reduce CIT 's debt by $ 10 bn ( £ 6 bn ) while allowing it to go on operating .
The group 's operating subsidiaries , including CIT Bank , were not included in the bankruptcy filing in New York .
CIT Group suffered as the credit crisis left it unable to fund itself , and the recession exposed it to many bad loans .
Under the reorganisation plan which has been approved by bondholders , creditors will end up owning the company .
The decision to proceed with our plan of reorganisation will allow CIT to continue to provide funding to our small business and middle market customers
Jeffrey Peek
Chairman and CEO , CIT Group
Most bondholders will also end up with new CIT debt worth about 70 % of the face value of their old debt .
Preferred shareholders , including the US government , will get money only after other creditors are paid back .
The government invested $ 2.33 bn in CIT shares in December 2008 through the Troubled Asset Relief Programme ( Tarp ) .
It could have lost more , however , had it not declined to give more aid this year .
" The decision to proceed with our plan of reorganisation will allow CIT to continue to provide funding to our small business and middle market customers , two sectors that remain vitally important to the US economy , " said CIT 's chairman and CEO , Jeffrey Peek , who will step down by the end of the year .
CIT 's bankruptcy protection filing , showing $ 71bn in finance and leasing assets against total debt of $ 64.9bn , is the fifth biggest in US corporate history .
Many observers predict that if CIT is able to continue in business after emerging from bankruptcy protection , it will not be able to make anything like the same number of loans to small businesses .
That could mean that thousands of companies which are looking to raise money for investment will struggle to find the cash , they warn .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The leaders say only global change will restore confidence in banking The UK and France are working together on curbing bank bonuses , Gordon Brown has said , after holding private talks with Nicolas Sarkozy .
The UK prime minister and the French president met ahead of a meeting of European Union leaders in Brussels .
Mr Brown said France supported the UK 's stand on one - off bonuses .
However , he avoided commenting on the controversial appointment of a Frenchman , Michel Barnier , to oversee European banking .
It was the first time Mr Brown and Mr Sarkozy have met since the French president appeared to boast that Mr Barnier 's appointment was a defeat for UK free - market economics .
" That is not an issue , " Mr Brown said .
He added that France and the UK shared common ground on a number of issues from climate change to economic recovery and bank bonuses .
" The French agreement to support what we are doing with one - off bonuses is very important .
" There is a one - off National Insurance premium to be paid by the City , and that will happen in France as well . "
' Attractive idea ' Earlier , Mr Brown and Mr Sarkozy issued a call for financial reform .
This came in a jointly written article in the Wall Street Journal , in which they said that a one - off tax on bank bonuses should be " considered a priority " .
This article came after UK Chancellor Alistair Darling announced in Wednesday 's pre-Budget report that a new one - off tax of 50 % would be introduced on banking bonuses of more than £ 25,000 .
Reports on Thursday have suggested that the French government is considering a similar tax on the bonus payments made by French banks , levied on bonuses of more than 27,000 euros ( $ 40,000 ; £ 24,500 ) .
Meanwhile , German Chancellor Angela Merkel described the UK bonus tax as an " attractive idea " .
However , she gave no indication as to whether Germany would follow the UK 's move .
Diplomatic row
The talks between Mr Brown and Mr Sarkozy come two weeks after it was announced that Mr Barnier - a former French agriculture minister - would take the internal market post in the new 27 - strong European Commission .
We must ensure that through proper regulation , the financial sector operates on a level playing field globally
Gordon Brown and Nicolas Sarkozy
This position , which will give Mr Barnier responsibility for reforming the European banking sector , led to fears in the City of London that he might introduce excessive regulation that could stifle the decision - making freedom of UK banks .
Mr Barnier 's appointment was said to have caused tension between London and Paris , not helped by Mr Sarkozy using a newspaper article to blame " Anglo - American " finance for sparking the crisis in the financial markets .
In the aftermath , a meeting due to take place last week in London between Mr Brown and Mr Sarkozy was cancelled .
Tony Travers , political scientist at the London School of Economics , said Mr Brown would probably be seeking assurances from Mr Sarkozy about Mr Barnier 's plans .
" Britain will continue to want to ensure that regulation of all kind , particularly regulation of labour market and financial services , is not damaged by Franco - European policy making , " said Mr Travers .
Mr Barnier has said he will work for the interests of the European Union as a whole .
He has been invited to London by Mr Darling for talks and a tour of the City of London .
The UK government has also said it is pleased that some of Mr Barnier 's key advisers will be British .
' Urgent need '
In their article , Mr Brown and Mr Sarkozy said the financial crisis had made them " recognise that we are now in an economy which is no longer national but global , so financial standards must also be global " .
" We must ensure that through proper regulation , the financial sector operates on a level playing field globally , " they said .
They added that there was an " urgent need for a new compact between global banks and the society they serve " .
" A compact that ensures the benefits of good economic times flow not just to bankers but to the people they serve ; that makes sure that the financial sector fosters economic growth .
" People rightly want a post - crisis banking system which puts their needs first .
To achieve that , nothing less than a global change is required . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Listening to Justin Webb stuttering himself into silence on Today yesterday morning was a reminder of how poorly trained London - based journalists are on how Europe works .
Webb was a master of Capitol Hill in Washington and unrivalled in reporting the nuances of US politics .
But when it comes to Europe , the Westminster - White City media bubble is lost .
So who wins and who loses ?
Angela Merkel is a clear winner .
She has a vision of a KleinEuropa – a small , inward - looking Europe in the model of her DeutschSchweiz , Germany as a bigger version of Switzerland , comfortable , democratic , decent , exporting everywhere and hoping the world 's problems will stay somewhere else .
The original drafters of first the constitution and then the Lisbon Treaty wanted a strong EU president to represent the interests of the nation states that form Europe .
Instead , there will be a modest , competent , Belgian fixer from the one country in Europe where linguistic apartheid denies a chance of education or access to public services if the wrong language is spoken .
Belgium is a neat country but a unified nation it is n't .
President Van Rompuy represents the pure federalism of the Brussels model of Europe .
So a major loser is William Hague who fought a successful political campaign against Tony Blair but lost the war to ensure that Britain would increase the status of the nation states in Europe .
Instead the eurocracy have inserted one of their own .
If the Tories form the next government they will find a much stronger Brussels to deal with than if they had put nation above politics and backed Blair , a pro-American , pro-business Brit as the No 1 in Europe .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
But Blair 's record on Iraq was unacceptable to many .
As I toured Europe listening , writing and speaking on these new posts in recent weeks , I was overwhelmed by the hostility to Blair .
It was almost as if the anti-American European elites preferred Saddam Hussein in power .
Europe 's visceral hatred for George Bush was transferred to Tony Blair in a manner that any psychoanalyst would recognise .
Yet the re-elected president of the EU Commission , José Manuel Barroso , hosted the meeting in the Azores which launched the Iraq invasion .
Cathy Ashton loyally supported the war .
Other candidates from Latvia and the Netherlands were all supporters of tackling Saddam .
But it is Blair who carries the Iraq millstone around his neck , and it cost him his chance of becoming Europe 's first president .
By contrast , Gordon Brown , and his small but effective EU team , outmanoeuvred comrades and rivals .
The European socialists , united in dislike of Blair , insisted that the presidency should go to the centre - right EPP grouping , which opened the way to Van Rompuy .
With Britain 's Conservatives out of the EPP and now in their own comfort zone with nationalist populists from Poland , Latvia and the Czech Republic , the EPP did not have to listen to a British point of view .
The socialists wanted one of their own .
With considerable condescension Eurosocialist grandees offered the prize to David Miliband , who has won glowing reviews as Europe 's new Anthony Eden – young , fluent , and effective and someone who can talk European to great effect while staying firmly Atlanticist .
Miliband spurned the offer with a disdain bordering on contempt for the socialists ' hatred of his old mentor , Blair .
The Foreign Secretary made clear his future was in British politics and that he could do more for Europe in London than in Brussels .
The socialists searched hard for an alternative , looking for someone who would be hostile to America and defend trade union rights as vice - president of the European Commission .
In fact , the new foreign minister post requires taking part in about 200 statutory meetings a year and Cathy Ashton will collect more Air Miles than BA 's Willie Walsh .
Barroso will be the master of the commission .
Brown waited patiently until the socialists exhausted themselves in their campaign against Blair and then stepped in neatly with the offer of Lady Ashton .
Largely unknown to the self - referring elites of the Euro left , she had made no enemies and as one of the most approachable and likeable commissioners around , her down - to - earth Lancashire style won only friends .
The socialists gratefully accepted Brown 's candidate even if she was a protégée of Blair , was thoroughly pro-American , and , whisper it quietly , had not opposed the invasion of Iraq .
So Brown emerges as a clear winner in the game of slotting in a solid social democratic British woman in a key European position .
Already , Hillary Clinton has made clear she will see High Representative Ashton as her principal interlocutrice in Europe .
These two English - speaking women are going to have a powerful influence in the reshaping of world affairs under way .
Lady Ashton will have to take into account what the Foreign Office or Quai d'Orsay wants .
But she will have the power of initiative , and she can highlight what she wants Europe to do on the world stage .
While big nations will hang on to their pretension to being foreign policy powers , bit by bit , the blue and yellow flag of Europe will represent the smaller nations of Europe in far - flung parts of the world .
At the end of 12 years of Labour government , a key Labour figure has been inserted into the heart of Europe .
Many wanted Blair but more did not .
Cathy Ashton will be the continuation of pro-European Blairism by other means .
It will not , however , be her job to answer the question , what next ?
That is for Nicolas Sarkozy , Angela Merkel and Gordon Brown to answer .
After nearly a decade of labour to give birth to a constitutional treaty , Europe has flinched from appointing leaders that CNN and al - Jazeera have heard of .
Washington might now have a number to call , but has Europe the confidence not only to shape its destiny but also to influence the world by being self - confident instead of always looking to America for a lead to endorse or to reject ?
Must European values and norms as enshrined by the Council of Europe 's Convention on Human Rights be trumped by German , French and British mercantilism which prefers a sale of a product to the selling of democracy and human rights ?
And even with Cathy Ashton in place , when will Britain engage with Europe as a political project ?
Labour is on its 14th – or is it 15th ?
– Europe minister and most ministers prefer to see , hear and speak no Europe .
David Cameron had endorsed the unsplendid isolation of his deputy William Hague .
President Obama had made clear he wants Europe to get its act together .
In London he will have to wait a long time , and it is far from clear that other EU capitals want to rise to the challenge of shaping an EU able to stand on its own feet .
Denis MacShane is the Labour MP for Rotherham and a former Europe Minister
Darrel Reid used to shoot from the lip .
Few Canadian evangelists can match his record for the controversial quote , whether accusing single moms of using welfare to have babies or likening hate crime laws protecting gays and lesbians to Nazi tyranny .
Nowadays , not so much .
In 2006 , with the advent of a Conservative minority , Reid , once a catalyst for the evangelical movement in Canada , began to go stealth .
He became chief of staff to former environment minister Rona Ambrose , then moved to the Prime Minister 's Office as an adviser .
Last February , he dove further below the radar , apparently gaining more influence with Stephen Harper .
He 's not up there with Laureen , mind you , but arguably more important than many warm bodies around the cabinet table .
Harper orchestrated a double whammy in February .
Reid became Harper 's deputy chief of staff ( to Guy Giorno ) , while former Christian educator Paul Wilson , who shares Reid 's history of religious activism , took over his spot as PMO director of policy .
Precious access .
It 's unclear whether Harper shares their social Conservative – or theocon – beliefs .
That 's the big question that only one or more majority governments can answer .
How far would Harper go on the hot - button social issues of the religious right , including abortion , same - sex marriage , easy divorce and public day care ?
Nevertheless , the appointments were seen as a message to the hard right that Harper is on their side .
They may have been displeased with the moderation of minority power – a free vote on same - sex marriage , the scuttling of crime legislation to protect the unborn – but he 's still their guy on core beliefs .
" I think every Christian is under an obligation to change laws to reflect biblical values , " Reid said on the website CanadianChristianity.com .
He 's also on the record with : " Only God can make Canada a truly Christian country ...
We are called to speak biblical truth to seek justice – and that obviously has implications for our political life . "
What are those implications now that he 's advising Harper behind the olive sandstone walls of the old Langevin building ?
Does he apply the God standard to legislation ?
There 's no way of knowing what Reid – or Wilson for that matter – think now , what advice they give or whether their religious beliefs guide political thinking .
Both declined interviews .
The signal of their appointment was " be patient , " says a Liberal strategist made nervous by any " true believers " plan for Canada devised by the PMO tag team of Reid / Wilson .
" He 's got to do things to keep the social conservative base satisfied – and that was one of them .
Harper 's a real student of divisions in the conservative right wing , and he 's fighting to keep them together . "
Marci McDonald , author of the upcoming The Armageddon Factor : The Rise of Christian Nationalism in Canada , says , " Harper has given the religious right a welcome and access in Ottawa and government they 've never had before – and they 've become used it . "
They are , she says , " here to stay . "
In 2005 , Reid told McDonald in an article for The Walrus : " The fact there 's a government that 's more sympathetic is good .
But that government wo n't be there forever .
That 's why we need to be there for the long haul . "
Andrew Grenville , chief research officer for Angus Reid Public Opinion , says the religious right began to register for the Conservatives in 2006 , expanding in 2008 with 74 per cent of Protestant evangelicals voting for Harper , while the Liberal Catholic vote slacked off .
It 's too soon to measure the impact on individual ridings ( or national results ) , but Grenville describes it as " a sea change for most of the country ...
There 's now a religious right where previously there has n't been one . "
Deborah Grey , a graduate of faith - based schools and the first Reform MP who , in 1989 brought her young legislative assistant , Stephen Harper , to Ottawa , applauds the appointments .
From Vancouver
Island , she asks : " Do you want to know why he hired them ?
" Because they 're bright guys .
Way back in the Reform years , we saw they were very capable ; Harper is smart and he recognizes a proven track record ...
That 's the message . "
Adds Grey : " If I were a betting woman , I 'd say he's got a good chance at a majority , and there 's no big scary right - wing agenda . "
Neil Thomlinson , head of politics and public administration at Ryerson University , sees a red flag in the PMO appointments .
" It 's a concern for people who come at this with the view church and state should be separate . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
He suggests the hallmark of some social conservatives is " they are not interested at all in research in the social sciences .
Rather , their position is , ` Do n't confuse me with the facts , my mind is made up . ' "
Reid is harsh on single mothers , his comments seeming to ignore research showing the adverse effects of widowhood , abuse and other social factors .
Maintains Reid : " Welfare provides incentives for single moms to have another child and to avoid marriage . "
Reid , 50ish , has had a long career .
Like Harper , he was Reform party leader Preston Manning 's chief of staff and , for years , headed Focus on the Family Canada , a homegrown offshoot of the U.S. evangelical lobby group .
Under founder James Dobson , the U.S. organization helped put born - again Republican George W. Bush in the White House , supported Sarah Palin in 2008 and is hungrily eying her chances for 2012 .
During the 2006 election , with Reid running unsuccessfully for the Conservatives in Richmond , Focus on the Family advised Canadian voters : " Pray for God 's wisdom in choosing the right candidate . "
Conservatives sprang to damage control after Reid 's former campaign manager Robbie Robertson attacked Canwest media for its campaign coverage .
" The Canwest Global media empire is controlled by a Jewish family and they have been the most aggressive family to attack Christians , especially Conservative Christians , " said Robertson .
Reid quickly distanced himself from the highly offensive remarks , saying Robertson did n't speak for him .
His riding association officials told the Richmond News that Robertson , never a party member , had left the team weeks before the vote .
Nothing was said about Reid 's apparent lack of judgment .
Reid , with a Ph.D in history from Queen 's , espouses clear views .
He 's against gay rights , public daycare , " our culture of unrestricted abortion " and the consequences of " the brave new world of genetic experimentation . "
Wilson , a mini-Reid , maybe 15 years younger , also highly educated , with a Ph.D in philosophy , was director of the Laurentian Leadership Conference , an arm of the faith - based Trinity Western University in Langley , B.C. Wilson has argued moderation , reminding Christians : " We need to be temperate , we need to be restrained , we need to be respectful .
Maybe the debate sometimes was n't held with that tone .
And in a sense , we 've not only lost the particular legislative battle , we lost the broader battle by effectively being marginalized and just basically discredited . "
Harper , too , is cautious .
He recognized the importance of social conservatism , writing in a 2003 article : " The truth of the matter is that the real agenda and defining issues have shifted from economic issues to social values , so conservatives must do the same . "
But he believes in an incremental approach .
Author McDonald sees it as the foundation of his thinking : " It fits with his natural personality and tendencies .
" Is he really a fanatic ? " she asks in an interview .
" I do not believe he is .
I think he 's a very wily strategist ...
I see him as tacking on a sailing course . "
She argues Harper 's social conservatism is " more strategy than a deep impulse of the heart " and does n't envision draconian social measures under a Harper majority , but rather bureaucratic tinkering , appointments and staffing changes .
Anything he did on , say , abortion , would n't be a sudden reversal but " something that opens the way . "
However , if he were to do something , McDonald concludes , it would be irreversible by the time it was detected and " would change Canada in a profound way ...
People seem to wake up to what Harper is doing too late . "
You 've arrived at www.fieggen.com, the hobby website of Ian Fieggen ( also known as “ Professor Shoelace ” ) .
The site has now been on the Internet for 21 years , and Apr -2020 saw the site 's 49 millionth visit .
You can find out more about this website , or you can dive right in below :
Making the most of what is lying around ( Image : Roger Steene )
Video : Octopus tool use
Octopuses have been observed carrying coconut shells in what researchers claim is the first recorded example of tool use in invertebrates .
There is a growing record of tool use in animals and birds , from musical “ instruments ” made by orang - utans to sponges used by dolphins to dislodge prey from sand .
Advertisement
Now veined octopuses , Amphioctopus marginatus , have been filmed picking up coconut halves from the seabed to use as hiding places when they feel threatened .
“ This octopus behaviour was totally unexpected , ” says Julian Finn , a marine biologist at Museum Victoria in Melbourne , Australia , who has filmed at least four individual veined octopuses performing the trick off the coast of Indonesia .
Discarded coconuts
People living in Indonesian coastal villages discard coconut shells into the sea after use .
When the octopuses come across these on the seabed , they drape their bodies over and around the shells , hollow - side up , leaving their eight arms dangling over the edges .
The octopuses then lift the shells by making their arms rigid , before tiptoeing away in a manoeuvre Finn calls stilt - walking .
When the octopuses feel threatened , they flip the half shells over themselves and hide .
Some even use two shells to create a more spacious shelter with an opening through which they can keep a lookout .
“ It was a very comical sight , ” says Finn .
He believes octopuses have known for millennia how to perform similar tricks with unoccupied bivalve shells , but have only recently discovered that coconut halves are a light and convenient alternative .
Tool use
Finn argues that the behaviour qualifies as tool use for a number of reasons .
First , the shells are not permanent homes like those occupied by hermit crabs , but are carried around for future use .
It is also a costly behaviour , both in terms of energy use and in potentially making the octopuses more vulnerable to attack .
But there are uncertainties about whether the octopuses have learned this behaviour by observing others , or by working it out for themselves in each case .
“ The finding is remarkable , particularly as the octopus transports the tool for future use , ” says Christopher Bird of Imperial College London , who studies tool use in rooks .
“ But simply observing tool use in the wild does n’t necessarily mean that the animal is cognitively sophisticated , as we do n’t know how the behaviour developed . ”
Cognitive demands
“ The conventional definitions of tool use include the use of non-attached objects to act on other object (s ) , which may be food , ” says Alex Kacelnik of the University of Oxford , whose team recently studied whether crows plan their tool use in advance .
“ The use of a coconut shell for protection does not fit this definition , but I sympathise with the authors in that this does not imply that the cognitive demands for such an action are lower , ” Kacelnik says .
“ The interesting issues are not whether this observation fits a pre-established definition , but what cognitive operations make the behaviour possible . ”
Journal reference : Current Biology , vol 19 , R1069
Apple has posted job applications on their website for Game / Media Software Engineers who are willing be in “ The position on the team is to help design and implement interactive multimedia experiences on the iPhone and iPod Touch ”
For those who are interested click on the following link .
Riyadh : Several prominent Saudi Islamic scholars and preachers lambasted the recent Swiss referendum to impose ban on the construction of mosque minarets in the country
Speaking to Gulf News , they said that this is another evidence of the West ’s antagonism towards Islam and such moves detail the serious initiatives being undertaken for holding dialogue among followers of various religions in different parts of the world .
Shaikh Abdul Mohsen Al Shahri , an eminent scholar in Islamic jurisprudence , said that the Swiss referendum was part of a new hostile campaign unleashed against Islam and Muslims in the West .
“ This is a clear evidence of the racial and religious segregation still prevails in the West , especially in a country , which boasts of an exemplary model of democratic ideals , ” he said adding that this serves as a severe blow to the so called secular image of Switzerland .
On his part , Shaikh Murshid Al Motairi , a noted Saudi preacher , underlined the need for launching a massive campaign to withdraw investments of Muslim countries from Swiss banks and halt going to Switzerland for holiday making .
According to banking sources , the volume of Arab investments in Swiss banks amounted to more than $ 400 billion .
This makes up more than 10 per cent of the total banking deposits to the tune of $ 3.7 trillion .
Naif Al Otaibi , a mosque imam in Riyadh , told Gulf News that Switzerland is now opening a new chapter of confrontation between religions and civilizations .
“ This is high time to kick start a campaign calling for a boycott of Swiss products and withdraw money from Swiss banks , ” he said .
Meanwhile , the Secretary General of the Organization of the Islamic Conference ( OIC ) Prof.
Ekmeliddin Ihsanoglu voiced disappointment and concern over the Swiss public referendum to ban building of minarets in the mosques in Switzerland .
The Secretary General of OIC , which groups 57 Muslim countries , qualified the ban as an unfortunate development that would tarnish the image of Switzerland as a country upholding respect for diversity , freedom of religion and human rights .
He described this as the latest example of growing anti-Islamic incitements in Europe by the extremist , anti-immigrant , xenophobic , racist , scare - mongering ultra - right politicians who reign over common sense , wisdom and universal values .
The Chief of OIC , which represents about 1.5 billion Muslims worldwide , expressed his deep regret that at a time when the Muslim world and Muslim societies around the world have been engaged in a struggle to fight extremism , the Western societies are being hostage to extremists who exploit Islam as a scapegoat and a springboard to develop their own political agenda which in turn contributes to polarization and fragmentation in the societies .
He stated that this move also highlighted the need for promoting genuine dialogue at the grass - roots level to alleviate all misunderstandings and misinformation that lead to intolerance and misconceptions
Bernie Sanders has described himself as a democratic socialist .
In 18 years in the House , he was the only independent , although he caucused with the Democrats .
He opposed resolutions authorizing war in Iraq in 1991 and 2002 and demurred from impeaching George W. Bush only because he deemed it impractical with Republicans running Congress .
This week , he announced that he would put a hold on Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke 's nomination by President Obama for a second term .
Bernanke is often credited for negotiating the economy through perilous shoals , but many in Congress -- spurred by populist anger over Wall Street 's excesses -- have their knives out for the Fed chairman .
“ If the taxpayers of this country have spent $ 700 billion bailing out Wall Street because they are too big to fail , why is it that three out of the four largest financial institutions today are bigger than they were before the bailout ? "
Sanders asked Bernanke in a hearing last March .
" Why is it OK that four large financial institutions write half the mortgages , two - thirds of the credit cards in this country and control 40 % of the deposits .
The bottom line to me is that the middle class in this country is collapsing .
…
We have seen this trend downward for many , many years .
We need a new direction . ”
Experts say that Sanders ' move -- the prerogative of a single senator seeking to stop any action in its tracks -- is expected to slow but not derail Bernanke 's confirmation .
What it is more likely , they add , is that the Vermont senator could add political wind to efforts to force the Fed to open its books to public scrutiny .
" He 's going to get battered , beaten and bruised at these hearings , but ultimately , Bernanke should get the votes he needs to return to the helm of Fed , " Financial Dynamics executive Travis Larson told the Washington Times .
Asked about whether the Fed did an adequate job of supervising banks whose spending was off the tracks , Bernanke , noting that Bank of America is paying back its TARP money , said , " Did we do everything we could ?
Absolutely not , " but " if you fight a battle and lose the battle , does that mean you never use an army again ? "
-- Johanna Neuman
Photo : Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont .
Credit : Getty Images
Click here to get Twitter alerts of each new Ticket item .
Or follow us @latimestot .
And we 're also over here on Facebook .
The first thing I searched for in Google , back in 1999 , was probably " linux " , followed by my name .
The last thing I searched for in Google , on a snowy day in 2009 , was " vdash " .
With the decade over , and Google rolling out all manner of tracking cookies and javascript , it 's time to move on .
Just keeping on top of the torrent of privacy - affecting changes Google is making , and trying to parse the real meaning in the chirpy googlespeak announcements has become more work than the value their search engine adds .
( This was the last straw . )
At least for now , I 'll be using Duck Duck Go for search .
It 's small , quirky , has features the big competition lacks , and works well enough for my mostly moderate and occasionally intense needs .
Sorta like Google in 1999 .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2009 December 20
Tutulemma : Solar Eclipse Analemma
Credit & Copyright : Cenk E. Tezel and Tunç Tezel ( TWAN )
Explanation :
If you went outside at exactly the same time every day and took a picture that included the Sun , how would the Sun appear to move ?
With great planning and effort , such a series of images can be taken .
The figure - 8 path the Sun follows over the course of a year is called an analemma .
This coming Tuesday , the Winter Solstice day in Earth 's northern hemisphere , the Sun will be at the bottom of the analemma .
Analemmas created from different latitudes would appear at least slightly different , as well as analemmas created at a different time each day .
With even greater planning and effort , the series can include a total eclipse of the Sun as one of the images .
Pictured is such a total solar eclipse analemma or Tutulemma - a term coined by the photographers based on the Turkish word for eclipse .
The composite image sequence was recorded from Turkey starting in 2005 .
The base image for the sequence is from the total phase of a solar eclipse as viewed from Side , Turkey on 2006 March 29 .
Venus was also visible during totality , toward the lower right .
He also noted that other council members had proposed numerous amendments .
" This is only the tip of the iceberg , " he said .
Councilman Ed Reyes , who is overseeing efforts to craft a law , introduced a motion that would make a series of major changes to the proposal , and asked that the council take more time to review them .
The Los Angeles City Council this afternoon postponed a vote on a medical marijuana ordinance until next week at the earliest .
William Carter , chief deputy city attorney , agreed that it would be helpful for his office to have time to review the proposed changes to the ordinance that two committees sent to the full council on Monday .
Among the amendments is one that would reduce the distance to 500 feet from 1,000 feet that dispensaries must maintain from schools , parks , libraries and other places where children gather .
A city study showed that only a quarter of the 186 marijuana dispensaries legally operating under the moratorium adopted in 2007 would be able to meet the 1,000 - foot requirement .
City officials have struggled for more than two years to write a law to regulate the dispensaries , which have proliferated across the city .
Advocates say state law allows the collectives to sell marijuana to members who have a doctor 's recommendation .
But Los Angeles County Dist .
Atty .
Steve Cooley says state laws do not allow dispensaries to exchange marijuana for cash , and has vowed to prosecute them even if Los Angeles officials adopt a measure allowing the stores to operate .
Discussion is continuing this afternoon in the council chambers .
-- John Hoeffel at Los Angeles City Hall
More breaking news in L.A. Now :
L.A. City Council lists top 10 places where bureaucracy makes it hard to film
Donuts for Dads : 250 men read to students at Watts elementary school
UC regents committee approves student fee increases ; at least 14 protesters arrested at meeting at UCLA
UC regents expected to partner with L.A. County in reopening Martin Luther King Jr. Hospital
L.A. City Council lists top 10 places where bureaucracy makes it hard to film
A while back we posted some photos about Lingerie Football .
I was excited about the idea when I first heard about it , but not being a 16 year old boy with no Internet the excitement soon faded .
Today it looks like the Lingerie Football League ( LFL ) is picking up a little .
Well , OK , maybe not so much .
With only 4 season games per team , and 4 out of the 10 teams making the playoffs , I would have expected a little more enthusiasm and substantially more press .
It looks like they will finally get the break they have been looking for :
The Lingerie Football League , where bikini - clad women grapple on the gridiron , is threatening legal action against a group of former players who have complained that the league has reneged on promises to pay the medical bills for women injured during practices and games .
In a December 10 letter , a lawyer for the league warned nine ex-players that “ evidence gathered ” showed that the women had “ participated in the posting ” of false information online ( apparently on Facebook and MySpace pages ) .
The letter , a copy of which you ’ll find below , is the latest heavy - handed tactic employed by the struggling 10 - team league , which launched about three months ago with the laughable assertion that it was “ one of television ’s biggest commercial properties . ”
According to several former players , league founder Mitchell Mortaza and his deputies have repeatedly threatened legal action when players have complained ( or simply inquired ) about health coverage and wages .
Source : www.thesmokinggun.com
Hmmm , maybe this is n’t exactly the press they wanted , but at least it is some press .
Until this , I have n’t heard anything about the LFL .
Personally , I think that they are simply not marketing this product correctly .
No real football fanatic will want to watch this , at least not openly , but there are those that will LOVE to watch it ( at least for 15 minutes or so ) … the 16 year old boys with no Internet .
That is your target , fellas , go for it !
WASHINGTON -- Political frustration over the rescue of Wall Street and high unemployment erupted in the House Thursday , with one committee threatening to impose tighter scrutiny on the Federal Reserve and another trading verbal insults with Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner .
The House Financial Services Committee voted , 43 - 26 , to approve a measure sponsored by Texas Republican Ron Paul , vociferously opposed by the Fed , that would direct the congressional Government Accountability Office to expand its audits of the Fed to ...
The responses to yesterday 's post about America 's fiscal future reveal what I think are a lot of misconceptions about the way financial symptoms work :
Cost does n't equal risk
One of my commenters complained that I was using costs and risk interchangeably , and that they are not the same thing .
Indeed , they are n't always .
But new obligations always add more risk to your balance sheet , even if you think you 're also adding the revenue to cover them , because if the revenue does n't materialize , you 're in a dreadful hole .
And the greater the existing deficit between revenues and obligations , the more risk any new obligations add .
If our deficit were in rough balance , the new obligations would add only trivial risk .
But we 're running a roughly $ 700 billion structural deficit over the next ten years , which is greater than or equal to 6 % of GDP .
One of my commenters complained that I was using costs and risk interchangeably , and that they are not the same thing .
Indeed , they are n't always .
But new always add more risk to your balance sheet , even if you think you 're also adding the revenue to cover them , because if the revenue does n't materialize , you 're in a dreadful hole .
And the greater the existing deficit between revenues and obligations , the more risk any new obligations add .
If our deficit were in rough balance , the new obligations would add only trivial risk .
But we 're running a roughly $ 700 billion structural deficit over the next ten years , which is greater than or equal to 6 % of GDP .
The US wo n't actually go bankrupt , because we can always inflate away the value of our debt
This wo n't work .
We have an independent central bank , and any concerted effort to appoint a Fed chair willing to inflate away our debt would be made difficult by both the dirth of pro-hyperinflation economists / bankers , and the fact that markets would freak out and jam up our interest rates sky high .
Moreover , inflating your debt only works if your structural deficit is small relative to the outstanding amount of debt .
As things now stand , by 2019 our structural deficit is scheduled to be about 6 % of GDP , while our debt will be around 65 % of GDP .
That may not sound like much , but over a few years , rising interest rates could rapidly confound any attempt at inflating away our debt .
This wo n't work .
We have an independent central bank , and any concerted effort to appoint a Fed chair willing to inflate away our debt would be made difficult by both the dirth of pro-hyperinflation economists / bankers , and the fact that markets would freak out and jam up our interest rates sky high .
Moreover , inflating your debt only works if your structural deficit is small relative to the outstanding amount of debt .
As things now stand , by 2019 our structural deficit is scheduled to be about 6 % of GDP , while our debt will be around 65 % of GDP .
That may not sound like much , but over a few years , rising interest rates could rapidly confound any attempt at inflating away our debt .
The US wo n't actually go bankrupt , because sovereign nations do n't go bankrupt
This is sort of true .
But sovereign nations can and do become insolvent when the size of their obligations gets too out - of - proportion to the size of the revenues they take in .
That 's when it becomes hard to borrow money , and states have to start making bankruptcy - like choices -- picking which of their obligations they 're going to renege upon .
With our entitlement system , that probably means cutting benefits too people who did long - term planning around them .
This is sort of true .
But sovereign nations can and do become insolvent when the size of their obligations gets too out - of - proportion to the size of the revenues they take in .
That 's when it becomes hard to borrow money , and states have to start making bankruptcy - like choices -- picking which of their obligations they 're going to renege upon .
With our entitlement system , that probably means cutting benefits too people who did long - term planning around them .
The US wo n't actually go bankrupt , because the government will act long before then This is quite possibly true .
But what does " acting " look like ?
It looks like the things we 're frightened of doing now : making deep cuts to entitlements , including the new entitlement we 're so busy enacting .
And it probably wo n't be done until things are pretty dire , which means it will be done hamfistedly .
California is what a sovereign almost - bankruptcy looks like .
New York is the slightly more respectable version .
Both are ugly , and getting uglier .
This is quite possibly true .
But what does " acting " look like ?
It looks like the things we 're frightened of doing now : making deep cuts to entitlements , including the new entitlement we 're so busy enacting .
And it probably wo n't be done until things are pretty dire , which means it will be done hamfistedly .
California is what a sovereign almost - bankruptcy looks like .
New York is the slightly more respectable version .
Both are ugly , and getting uglier .
Everything 's okay because the TIPS spread looks fine
The spread between standard and inflation - indexed treasuries is a good measure of our fiscal health if you think the biggest risk is inflation .
If you do n't -- for the reasons I outline above -- then it 's not very helpful .
Long term US debt is n't particularly cheap when you factor in things like our low rates of inflation and projected economic growth .
The spread between standard and inflation - indexed treasuries is a good measure of our fiscal health if you think the biggest risk is inflation .
If you do n't -- for the reasons I outline above -- then it 's not very helpful .
Long term US debt is n't particularly cheap when you factor in things like our low rates of inflation and projected economic growth .
Everything 's okay because Treasury yields are low This is a decent argument , but only decent .
Short term treasury yields are low ; long term treasury yields are not , as I just pointed out , all that fabulous .
We 've been borrowing a lot of money at the short end of the curve , and we may get a nasty surprise when we try to convert that into longer maturities .
Moreover , since the financial crisis , we 've been in an odd spot : demand for treasury debt is high , because demand for riskier securities -- equity , emerging market debt , and so forth -- has fallen abnormally .
( The same thing happened in the wake of the Great Crash ) .
Over the next five years , treasury yields may stay low , in which case I 'm wrong .
Or they may start to rise , in which case we have problems , because we 've got to roll over a whole bunch of short term debt .
AUTHORITIES in southern India plan to ban an age - old ritual in which babies are tossed from the top of a nine - metre temple .
Every first week of December in a rural district in the state of Karnataka , villagers drop babies from the top of a Hindu temple onto a blanket held by a crowd below , amid dancing and singing .
Thousands of people assembled on Wednesday at the temple near Indi in the district of Bijapur to witness the event , which is said to confer good health and a long life on the baby and bring prosperity to the family .
But the centuries - old tradition has fallen foul of local authorities .
" As I am new to the district , I did not know about the unusual ritual , which is inhuman and terrifying for babies , " Bijapur deputy commissioner R Shantharaj said .
" I intend to prevent the people from indulging in such acts next time . "
The Karnataka Commission for the Protection of Child Rights plans to summon the priests at the Sri Santeswar temple to explain themselves after 200 infants were dropped this year .
" We have also sought a report from the district administration on the ritual to prevent a repeat of it , " commission spokesperson Neena Nayak said .
India , home to all the world 's major religions and a country where superstitions are widespread , plays host to a rich variety of festivals each year .
In August , authorities in central India attempted to ban a bizarre annual stone - pelting ritual which often leaves people dead or injured .
The intervention sparked a riot in which two police officers were injured and several vehicles damaged .
The mob eventually overwhelmed local officials and the festival went ahead as usual .
A similar baby - throwing festival - captured by Indian TV news channels in August - took place in the village of Harangal , in western India 's Maharashtra state .
Reports said another such ceremony took place in May in Sholapur , about 450 km south of Mumbai .
Five members of a family who fled Afghanistan to find a new life in Australia are dead after a horrific crash on " a shocking day " on NSW roads .
The 23 - year - old mother tried to shelter her child as their Toyota Camry veered into the path of a water tanker on Picton Road near Wilton about 8.20 am yesterday .
" It 's something that no humans should have to see " ... police at the crash scene near Wilton in which five people died .
Credit : Ken Robertson
The truck , which was travelling about 100 km / h , crushed their car .
Her husband and two sisters were also killed .
7417778 story
buchner .
johannes writes " I was fed up with the general consensus that Linux is oh - so - secure and has no malware .
After a week of work , I finished a package of malware for Unix / Linux .
Its whole purpose is to help white - hat hackers point out that a Linux system can be turned into a botnet client by simply downloading BOINC and attaching it to a user account to help scientific projects .
The malware does not exploit any security holes , only loose security configurations and mindless execution of unverified downloads .
I tested it to be injected by a PHP script ( even circumventing safe mode ) , so that the Web server runs it ; I even got a proxy server that injects it into shell scripts and makefiles in tarballs on the fly , and adds onto Windows executables for execution in Wine .
If executed by the user , the malware can persist itself in cron , bashrc and other files .
The aim of the exercise was to provide a payload so security people can ' pwn ' systems to show security holes , without doing harm ( such as deleting files or disrupting normal operation ) .
But now I am unsure of whether it is ethically OK to release this toolkit , which , by ripping out the BOINC payload and putting in something really evil , could be turned into proper Linux malware .
On the one hand , the way it persists itself in autostart is really nasty , and that is not really a security hole that can be fixed .
On the other hand , such a script can be written by anyone else too , and it would be useful to show people why you need SELinux on a server , and why verifying the source of downloads ( checksums through trusted channels ) is necessary .
Technically , it is a nice piece , but should I release it ?
I do n't want to turn the Linux desktop into Windows , hence I 'm slightly leaning towards not releasing it .
What does your ethics say about releasing such grayware ? "
I have at home a box of old teeth .
These are arranged by colour upon a wheel : unnaturally white through familiar cream , through the tobacco stains of yellow and brown to the foulest greens and grey that are hard to imagine in the mouth of any living creature .
They constitute a dentist 's guide to colour - matching , and accompanying the grisly colour - wheel are some small medical bottles , hoses and other whatnots .
The box dates back to the 1950s and was given to me as a Christmas gift shortly after its original owner died .
As I have no practical need for dental tint - comparisons , the wooden case sits on display among various oddities that I have collected since being a student : taxidermy , pickled animals and amusing quack remedies line my shelves as an effective deterrent against any unwanted sexual attention .
Having known the dentist a little , and having a real fondness for his memory , it sometimes feels like a shame to me that this box , which was not long ago brought out every day by a noble and dedicated man to fit his patients with synthetic teeth in order to improve their lives and self - respect , regardless of the malodorous depths of dental hygiene to which they had neglectfully plunged , is now a mere droll oddity on a shelf .
It is displayed for purely aesthetic value , its new owner ignorant of the precise use of the numerous pipes and pipettes .
It has , in a sense , lost its bite .
Such collections of unusual surgical and natural history paraphernalia can tread a fine line between fascinating oddness and cheap schlock .
I worry sometimes that I am belittling a man 's career to the status of a dusty amusement that I can point out to politely fascinated dinner guests .
Likewise , there hangs in the air something anaemically dissatisfying when people talk about Christmas as being " a time for giving " , or " a time to remember those less fortunate than ourselves " , or any other of the bloodless blandnesses that are vapidly trotted out around this time of year by priests and politicians .
Does that not sap the true meaning of Christmas ?
Are we not missing out on its magnificence and reducing it to the status of a relic on a shelf that we do n't quite know what to do with ?
Well , perhaps , but there are plenty of historical artefacts better left on quaint display than put to their original uses .
The diluted secular dicta do sound as though they lack force .
But the dissatisfying insipidity of these worldly edicts comes from the obviously begged question : should we not give generously and think charitably at all times ?
And are we at all likely , during the hectic shopping sprees and binge - drinking more commonly associated with the yuletide season , to remember to be nicer to anyone ?
We do not , despite the smug assurances of many believers , ultimately get our morality from the Good Book .
The Bible contains so many directives and prescriptions for behaviour that range from the beautiful to the rapacious and repugnant ; therefore , as Richard Dawkins elegantly points out , we must call upon a different means of deciding what constitutes honour , virtue and integrity , to cherry - pick from its pages the ethical advice we feel we should apply today .
That intuitive source must lie elsewhere : it arises societally , and speaks of our nature as co-habiting human beings .
To think of being kind at Christmas , then , is not simply to pay lip - service to a watered - down version of what the season " really " means , but rather to remind ourselves of our potential to shine as human beings .
The Victorians spoke much about " open-heartedness " and " benevolence " , and there lingers a tweeness associated with the notion to this day ; conversely , Freud 's later legacy has us worried that any act of kindness must come from a selfish or even an aggressive place , where we act kindly only to be loved in return , or to manipulate or control .
Meanwhile , we can easily think of flaccid , perpetually exploited people who relentlessly give of themselves to their own detriment , and give compassion a bad name .
All told , kindness is not fashionable .
We are told by lifestyle gurus that we cannot live productively without Setting Goals and learning How to Get What We Want , as if the key to life is to single - mindedly turn every situation to our own advantage .
That 's a revolting mantra , and it misses what makes us successful in so many ways , as well as happiest and most loved .
Successful , because kindness breeds kindness : this latter maxim is part of the bible of persuasion tactics .
Do someone a favour and they 'll feel obliged to reciprocate .
If you want something from somebody , be sure to give them something first .
Happiest , because acting kindly simply makes us feel happy .
New cars and houses make us happier for short , bright bursts before we revert to our default level of contentment , and their erstwhile pleasures soon slip by unnoticed in the same way that we quickly stop hearing the sound of air - conditioning in a room .
We do not so easily adjust , however , to the pleasure taken from acting altruistically : when we do kind things , we feel good and we continue to do so ; our happiness level is raised and that default is set higher .
Being nicer makes us happier .
Above all , kindness is that quality that we most like in other people .
We try to be clever and witty around clever and witty people , forgetting that we do n't especially like clever and witty people ourselves unless they are also delightful and charming to be with .
Attempting needlessly to look and sound like those whom we want to like us , we ignore the fact that we do n't especially like people who share our tastes , unless they also have that quality of loveliness that sets them apart .
Worrying greatly about how we should best present ourselves to others , we relentlessly misjudge and try too hard .
To simply be generous , open and engaged , on the other hand , is a simple recipe to appear likeable to anyone .
Most people think themselves kind enough , but rather like a magician thinking he is fooling an audience who can see through his tricks , we are the worst judges of the effect we have on others .
True , we can mentally point out various kindnesses we have committed and those pleasant aspects of ourselves .
Yet by doing so , we ignore the real test cases : how we behave under pressure ; how nice we are to people we do n't like ; how we deal with other people who seem determined not to live up to our unrealistic expectations .
I try to be kind where I can , but I fume and bubble when people let me down , as if they had nothing else to do but to pander fussily to my whimsies .
Plato is credited with the saying : " Be kind , for everyone is fighting a great battle . "
To talk secularly of Christmas being a time to remember others , then , does rather anaemically miss the point , but it is certainly as good a time as any other to rise to the challenge of leading a kinder , lovelier life – one that stretches far beyond the encouraged sentimentality of the holiday period .
As ever , the journey is the thing , and should be enjoyed accordingly .
To forgive purely because it is nicer to forgive , and to do so when it 's a tough call ; to try to speak only kindly of those we know because it is preferable to do so ; to enjoy the successes of others because living thus is more enjoyable than the stress of living resentfully : such kind things make us better , lovelier people .
And to try to live this way for its own merits , without invoking a supernatural reason for doing so , is to celebrate our humanity and to give kindness back its teeth .
• This is an abridged extract from The Atheist 's Guide to Christmas , edited by Ariane Sherine
In order to test its missile defense technology , the United States intends to defend against a simulated attack that , according to reports on Iran ’s military capabilities , is not technically possible .
Most prior tests of U.S. missile defense systems have been geared toward defending against a volley from North Korea .
Sometime in January a simulated missile will be launched from the Marshall Islands , aimed at California , but Vandenberg Air Force Base is expected to intercept it .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Missile defense tests have been likened to hitting a bullet with a bullet , ” CNN reported .
“ This test will be even more difficult :
It will be like hitting a bullet head - on with another bullet , because any launch from Iran would have a trajectory that would require a U.S. interceptor missile hitting the target directly , [ a defense official ] said . ”
Word of the test comes days after Iran tested its Sajjil - 2 rocket , which can reportedly travel about 1,200 miles .
As Iran ’s most advanced ICBM , it could reach as far as Israel or southeastern Europe .
It cannot reach the United States .
Were Iran to launch its imaginary missile at the United States , a CNN source said that a U.S. interceptor would likely be fired from Fort Greely , Alaska .
It is the only site other than Vandenburg that houses the missile defense technology .
The U.S. House of Representatives voted Tuesday to allow President Obama the power to levy sanctions against Iran .
Taxpayers may was well brace for an FHA bailout .
It is all but guaranteed .
With current FHA practices it is likely to be a big one .
On November 5 , the Richmond Register was asking What does the FHA think it is doing ?
Exactly who made Bernadine Shimon think that she could buy a new house shortly after declaring bankruptcy and losing another home to foreclosure ?
The American taxpayer , that ’s who .
Without a Federal Housing Administration willing to guarantee a $ 125,000 - plus mortgage , this Denver - area schoolteacher ’s recurring “ dream of homeownership ” could not come to pass .
Shimon ’s down payment was a tiny 3.5 percent .
This single mother is so strapped that she had to cash in her retirement savings to come up with the 3.5 percent .
Her case was cited in a New York Times article about , not surprisingly , the sad shape the FHA finds itself in .
Of course , no sane private lender would take on such risk without a sucker - of - first resort , again the taxpayer .
It happens like this : Private companies make their loans .
The FHA buys the mortgages , and then rolls them into Ginnie Mae Mortgage Backed Securities .
Sold around the world , these bonds are rock - solid investments because they carry an “ explicit ” taxpayer guarantee .
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac securities came with only an “ implicit ” guarantee ( though as we saw in the recent bailouts , those “ implicit ” guarantees are for all intents and purposes “ explicit ” ) .
Much of the blame for the housing bubble - then - bust goes to these government agencies :
They let private lenders make mortgages without adult supervision , then guaranteed them .
Kenneth Donohue , inspector general of the Housing and Urban Development Department , seemed to be shaking his head .
“ What does the FHA think it is doing by asking only 3.5 percent ? ” he asked .
( FHA is part of HUD . )
With nearly a quarter of FHA loans insured in the last two years now in trouble , you ’d think that the agency would show more discretion in deciding which homebuyers to help .
And you ’d think that Democrats running the House Financial Services Committee would be more upset over the way the FHA still hands out taxpayer guarantees .
But committee Chairman Barney Frank of Massachusetts insists that these mortgages are needed to “ keep prices from falling too fast . ”
Thing is , we ca n’t support real - estate values with shabby lending practices .
That ’s what got us into trouble .
Another good idea is to demand that banks take a hit for the first 10 percent of losses on the mortgages they originate .
That would put their skin in the game .
It would spur them to engage in responsible lending practices -- and not just collect a bunch of fees upfront , then unload the risk onto the taxpayers .
FHA Says Cash Reserves Are Down Sharply
The Federal Housing Administration said Thursday morning that its cash reserves had dwindled significantly in the last year after a record drop in home prices .
Still , agency executives stopped short of saying that a direct bailout would be needed .
The F.H.A. , which insures loans made by private lenders , guaranteed more than $ 360 billion in mortgages in the last year , four times the amount in 2007 .
“ We are prepared to enact reforms that ensure the F.H.A. ’s financial health , ” the secretary of Housing and Urban Development , Shaun Donovan , said Thursday .
“ As a credit expert , I have seen this movie before , and the ending is always the same , ” said Edward Pinto , a former executive with the government mortgage giant Fannie Mae .
The results of the F.H.A. ’s annual audit showed the agency ’s capital reserves to be 0.53 percent , far under the 2 percent minimum mandated by Congress .
A year ago , the capital reserves were 3 percent .
Nearly one in five loans made in 2007 are seriously delinquent , the agency said .
HUD FHA Report On Finances
“ FHA is playing a critical role in restoring health to the housing market by helping working families access mortgage finance when private capital is tight , ” said Secretary Donovan .
“ This is a temporary role which FHA has played in previous economic downturns .
The Administration is committed to ensuring that the FHA steps back as private capital returns to the market .
With this temporary increased role comes increased risk and responsibility .
That ’s why we are committed to closely monitoring market behavior patterns and economic risks so that we are prepared to enact reforms that ensure the FHA ’s financial health moving forward . ”
“ There are real risks to the FHA and we are aggressively addressing those real risks with real reforms , ” Commissioner Stevens said .
Changes Enacted via Mortgagee Letter , Effective January 1 , 2010
Require Submission of Audited Financial Statements by Supervised Mortgagees
Modify Procedures for Streamline Refinance Transactions
Require Appraiser Independence in Loan Origination
Modify Appraisal Validity Period
Enable Appraisal Portability
Unaddressed Issues
In the case of the FHA , lives are being destroyed when they approve 65 % DTI [ Debt To Income ] loans with borrowed down payments .
Those loans are bound to fail , and are failing , leaving people will bad credit marks for years to come .
In regards to Fannie Mae , does anyone even remember what their mission statement is ?
Here it is :
We are a shareholder - owned company with a public mission .
We exist to expand affordable housing and bring global capital to local communities in order to serve the U.S. housing market .
Fannie Mae exists to expand affordable housing .
Is there any doubt Fannie Mae has failed the mission ?
The mission HAD to fail .
The very act of government sponsorship of housing contributed to rising home prices .
Every affordable home program in history has failed .
Finally , the FHA and the GSEs are both moral hazards .
Should either blow up , risk is high there will be a bailout at taxpayer expense .
Now there is talk in Congress of expanding the role of the both .
Instead , both should be abolished .
Neither Fannie Mae nor the FHA serves any purpose that cannot be served by the free market .
Addendum
The bill to make the practice of seller - funded FHA downpayment assistance ( SFDPA ) legal was introduced in 2008 as HR 6694 .
It did not pass in that session of congress , so it was re-introduced as HR 600 .
HR 600 also left the implementation of a subprime - like fee structure to the FHA itself , rather than putting it out in the legislation where it was attracting criticism .
However , the Congressional Research Service during that session of congress came out with a rather scathing report on the seller - funded DPA practice .
The CRS reports directly to congress , advising on legislation .
Their advice seems to have been heeded .
Indeed , there seems to be no continuance of HR 600 in the current session of congress .
So thankfully that may have killed it .
However , the overall housing industry may have gotten essentially what they wanted in the form of the First Time ( and now " Move Up " ) Homebuyer Tax Credit .
It is similar to SFDPA in that it gives " cash " to those who buy .
It is also worth noting that something around half of ALL loans being issued now are through FHA ( and of course , everything else is still backed by Fannie and Freddie , which are in government conservatorship ) -- so this is still a major consideration for taxpayers .
Supposedly the money can only count towards some closing costs , not the downpayments -- but I 'm not sure how enforceable that is .
And we all know this is undoubtedly propping up home prices beyond fundamentals , so these people ( who did n't have much up - front money in the first place ) are at much higher risk of foreclosure .
The one plus side in all of this is that no longer are we letting third parties come in , launder money from seller to buyers , and specifically motivate mark - ups to cover the downpayment expense .
The FHA commented on the damage caused by the Downpayment Assistance Programs ( DAPs ) today .
These DAPs circumvented the FHA down payment requirements by having the seller funnel the " down payment " to the buyer through a " charity " ( for a small fee of course ) .
The FHA attempted to stop this practice , but thanks to Congress , the DAPs led to billions of losses .
.....
The 2009 vintage is just getting started , but the FHA has tightened standards ( higher FICO scores ) , and DAPs were banned at the end of 2008 - and that will help .
Also the stabilization in house prices is helping with fewer delinquencies .
However many of these recent homebuyers probably are n't ready to be homeowners , and the delinquency rate will probably rise sharply - especially if house prices start falling again .
Stock - market indices are not much good as yardsticks of social progress , but as another low , dishonest decade expires let us note that , on 2000s first day of trading , the Dow Jones Industrial Average closed at 11357 while the Nasdaq Composite Index stood at 4131 , both substantially higher than where they are today .
The Nasdaq went on to hit 5000 before collapsing with the dot - com bubble , the first great Wall Street disaster of this unhappy decade .
The Dow got north of 14000 before the real - estate bubble imploded .
And it was ...
Tony Blair has triggered an outcry on the eve of the Copenhagen climate summit by endorsing a fossil - fuel power plant that is owned by an Azerbaijan oligarch .
The former prime minister was paid by millionaire Nizami Piriyev to fly to the former Soviet state to visit his AzMeCo factory last week – prompting further questions about Mr Blair 's intricate private arrangements .
Mr Blair also faced criticism for holding private talks , accompanied by Prince Andrew , with the President of Azerbaijan , Ilham Aliyev , who has banned the BBC from broadcasting in his country and whose election was declared to be undemocratic by international observers .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Speaking to local reporters in the capital , Baku , last week , Mr Blair said the AzMeCo methanol plant , which is backed by £ 73 m of funding from a European development bank , part - owned by the Treasury , was a sign of Britain 's interest in Azerbaijan .
His comments appeared to blur the line between his status as a private individual and a former prime minister campaigning for British investment in foreign countries .
During his trip , Mr Blair was also paid tens of thousands of pounds to speak at the £ 150 m AzMeCo factory .
His office refused to say who paid for the speech , saying it was through his agents , the Washington Speakers Bureau .
Yet the entire speech last Tuesday consisted of praise for the plant , its owners and the President – making it little more than a gold - plated endorsement .
He said AzMeCo was " showing the way " in developing clean energy .
" This project , " he said " is not just of significance to Azerbaijan , but also the international community and for negotiations we are about to have in Copenhagen – because it shows the way forward . "
AzMeCo's methanol will be produced from natural gas – a fossil fuel .
Ofgem does not classify the chemical as a renewable energy source if it is created in this way .
When the plant starts operation next year , it will annually produce 561,000 tons .
David Santillo , senior scientist at Exeter University 's Greenpeace Research Laboratories , has examined documents drawn up by the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development ( EBRD ) , including its environmental action plan , as part of its £ 73 m funding package for AzMeCo .
He said the investment would significantly increase the region 's petrochemical production : " This is a fossil fuel - based development , which is about increasing the economic value of Azerbaijan 's reserves of natural gas by converting it to methanol , which commands a much higher value .
It is not primarily , and arguably not at all , about delivering any environmental benefit .
It may be a laudable goal in terms of development and economic well - being , but I do n't think this can be dressed up as an environmental project .
" If [ Blair ] is looking for a clear environmental benefits message in the lead - up to Copenhagen , this is certainly not one that we would support . "
An EBRD statement on 23 October , announcing the funding , said the plant would use carbon capture to mitigate the effects of burning natural gas .
But its statement on 1 December , confirming the funding , does not mention carbon capture as part of the deal .
Dr Santillo said that even if carbon capture were used , it has no proven environmental benefits and it could be decades before it starts to reduce emissions .
It was therefore " not a sustainable approach to climate change mitigation " .
The EBRD environmental action plan highlights potential hazards with AzMeCo 's plant , stating : " There are several elements of emergency planning that require improvements , including a spill - prevention programme , environmental response for chemical release , chemical hazard planning and leak detection and repair , fire and explosion prevention and major accident prevention planning . "
Mr Piriyev 's son , Nasib , who is AzMeCo 's chief executive , said the firm had met Mr Blair 's expenses .
" We hope he will mention Azerbaijan and our methanol company when he makes speeches around the world , " he added .
A spokesman for Mr Blair said the speech was a " one-off engagement " and there was no commercial arrangement with AzMeCo or the President .
Mr Blair , who failed in his attempt to become EU president last month , has amassed an estimated fortune of £ 10 m since leaving office in June 2007 .
He is a paid adviser to JP Morgan , receives fees through Tony Blair Associates for private consultancy work and speech - making , as well as office costs and expenses in his work as Middle East envoy .
During Mr Blair 's visit to Azerbaijan , President Aliyev , who has close ties to the Piriyev family , hosted a dinner in honour of the former prime minster and Prince Andrew .
It is understood that Mr Blair and President Aliyev discussed relations between their two countries .
Azerbaijan is a member of the Council of Europe and has aspirations to join Nato .
However , after President Aliyev won office in 2003 , the Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe found that the election " did not reflect all the principles of a meaningful and pluralistic democratic election " .
The country is also ranked 158 out of 180 in Transparency International 's 2008 Corruption Perceptions Index .
Mr Blair said of the talks : " I believe Azerbaijan will become even more important for Britain in the future . "
The former prime minister 's spokesman added last night : " The President asked to see Mr Blair because he heard he was in town . "
Key characters in the Azerbaijan adventure
The Duke of York
Prince Andrew is an envoy for UK Trade and Investments and is a regular visitor to Azerbaijan .
Last week 's visit was his sixth in six years .
He flew by private jet to Baku in June , at a cost to the taxpayer of £ 60,000 .
He has been goose - shooting with his friend , the Azerbaijan President , Ilham Aliyev .
Ilham Aliyev
The President of Azerbaijan came to power in 2003 after his father stepped down .
The 48 - year - old won the election with 76 per cent of the vote , prompting accusations of rigging .
One of his daughters , Leila , 24 , is married to the son of a Russian oligarch and recently spent £ 300,000 on Cristal champagne for 12 friends .
Nizami Piriyev
Owner of AzMeCo .
His son , Nasib , is the chief executive of the methanol production firm .
The 51 - year - old heads one of Azerbaijan 's richest families and was a director at Gazprom , the state - owned Russian oil company .
President Barack Obama may be known for his cool temper and calm demeanor , but a bipartisan group of legislators who met with the president Wednesday to discuss jobs learned the man in the Oval Office can get pretty passionate at times .
When prominent Republicans at the White House meeting criticized the president ’s health reform , fiscal reform and energy policies , saying that the policies were causing instability that prevented employers from hiring , the president shot back .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Stop trying to frighten the American people , ” Obama said , according to the Wall Street Journal ‘s Jonathan Weisman .
The president even had on hand a chart showing the economic situation improving , The Hill reports .
Outside the meeting , an unapologetic Boehner told reporters : “ Employers are sitting there , and they ’re frozen . …
The president wants to blame us for telling the American people what they ’re doing . ”
The Hill reports that Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid told reporters about the president ’s strong words , but a press release from Reid ’s office later that day made no mention of the incident .
While both Reid and Pelosi said there is ample opportunity for a bipartisan deal to stimulate job growth through help to small businesses and infrastructure projects , Republicans at the meeting made it clear they want a completely different approach :
They want to see a spending freeze and a “ no - cost ” job stimulus plan consisting mostly of tax cuts .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We ca n’t keep spending money we do n’t have , ” The Hill quoted House Minority Whip Eric Cantor .
“ It does n’t look like Obama ’s big jobs push will be getting much Republican help , ” Weisman wrote at the WSJ .
Seventh - Day Adventists split over evolution ?
November 18 , 2009 02:09 MST
Via John Pieret ’s excellent Thoughts in a Haystack blog I learn of an ongoing controversy about the teaching of evolution at Adventist Universities .
( See also this Sept. 1 article from Inside Higher Ed. )
The latest event is that the board of trustess of La Sierra University in Riverside , California , voted to endorse young - earth creationism :
La Sierra ’s board of trustees last week unanimously voted to endorse Adventist beliefs that the world was created in six 24 - hour days and said the teaching of evolution must be “ within the context of the Adventist belief regarding creation . ”
The board also proposed that all 15 North American Adventist universities develop a curriculum that includes a “ scientifically rigorous affirmation ” of Adventist creation beliefs .
At first glance , it is confusing that this is news .
Those of us who are familiar with the history of creationism and have read Ronald Numbers ’ classic The Creationists , and learned that the Seventh - Day Adventists were virtually the only fundamentalists who produced major advocates supporting belief in a young earth and global flood in the early 20th century – based on the literalist visions of Adventist founder and prophetess Ellen White .
It was only in the 1960s that the young - earth / global view became dominant within American fundamentalism / conservative evangelicalism in general , primarily through the efforts of Henry Morris and John Whitcomb in The Genesis Flood .
Due to the above , it would be natural to assume that if anyone dependably takes a stauch YEC position , it would be the Seventh Day Adventists .
The Adventists and their Geoscience Research Center supplied most of the creationist expert witnesses in the 1981 McLean vs. Arkansas trial , and the official position of the church seems to be unambiguous .
As one Adventist writes ,
The point is not whether or not Darwinian evolution is true ( I do n’t believe it is , but that is another issue altogether ) .
The point is an ecclesiastical one , not a scientific one : Like it or not ( and I take it that Ron does n’t like it ) , the official , endorsed , published , voted , endorsed , sanctioned , ( add your own synonyms here _____ ) position of the world - wide Seventh - day Adventist Church is that the Genesis creation account is to be literally understood as communicating an actual , literal , solar Six Day Creation .
Open - and - shut case , yes ?
Well , apparently some of the professors at La Sierra have n’t been reading the history or doctrinal statements , and have been treating evolution in a less - than - completely - hostile fashion .
An example posted online is the syllabus of Bio112 , which is 1/3 devoted to evolution and contains a fairly strong statement that students need to learn about the evidence for evolution , whether or not they decide to believe it .
This article gives the “ dirt ” on four La Sierra biology profs that apparently defiantly teach evolution .
This has got some La Sierra graduate and Adventist named Shane Hilde so annoyed that he has launched a petition drive and website ( it ’s a big and detailed website , http://www.educatetruth.com/) with the goal of cracking down on evolution at SDA universities .
Hilde ’s campaign seems to be working .
The board of trustees decision at La Sierra is any indication , it seems to be working .
Another indication comes from an October article by Hilde :
One has to wonder why LSU refuses to be transparent .
As the veil is being pulled back , some parents are realizing LSU is not the place for their children .
One such parent , Karen McPherson , said : “ My daughter went to La Sierra .
When I discovered they were teaching naturalistic evolution – I transferred her to Pacific Union College .
The transfer was for this reason alone ! ”
This passage is …interesting .
Apparently McPherson thinks that PUC ( an Adventist school in the hills of the wine country just 1 hour north of San Francisco ) is a resolutely YEC school .
I thought so also , until I visited it in 2006 .
Here ’s the story .
In 2006 , Wes Elsberry and I were invited to come to PUC and debate evolution for part of a student - organized speaker series .
We were initially hesitant , since we are generally skeptical of debating creationists .
However , after some discussion with the organizers , we grudgingly signed up , since it seemed like there was some chance for a reasonable discussion rather than just a Gish - gallop debate .
Wes and I drove up to PUC – but , aware of the YECiness of Adventists , we went in as armed to the teeth as academics can be , with huge powerpoint files solely devoted to putting evidence for the age of the earth and common ancestry as bluntly and non-deniably as possible .
When I spoke , I popped the slides up one - by - one and used the basic refrain , “ Here are the hard facts .
If this evidence has been hidden from you before now by your teachers and professors , you should ask yourself why . ”
It was pretty much a go - in - with - blazing - guns strategy .
However , as the discussion ensued , the students , and some of the professors , had some news for me .
“ You ’ve got us all wrong , ” they said .
“ We ’re not all old - fashioned young - earth creationists and anti-evolutionists here , that ’s an old stereotype about Adventists . ”
( Note : this is not a direct quote , rather it is just the gist of what I remember hearing . )
Subsequent discussion indicated that many of the students & profs were reasonably well - informed about evolution and not really skeptical of it .
After some interesting chats ,
Wes and I drove home , shaking our heads and commenting that if Seventh Day Adventists were becoming OK with evolution , we should keep our eyes open for flying pigs and freezing hells .
So , anyway , the point is : watch out Hilde & McPherson !
It looks like Pacific Union College is n’t safe , either !
Light the torches and sharpen the pitchforks !
( The other point is : even if the claims in the movie Expelled were true , which they are n’t , they still do n’t add up to anything like the campaigns that have been waged against supporters of mainstream science at fundamentalist colleges .
Such things have been going on since the 1800s at evagelical schools ; it has just taken until the 21st century for the Adventist schools to catch up . )
Chapter 17 .
Another Level of Indirection
Diomidis Spinellis
All problems in computer science can be solved by another level of indirection , " is a famous quote attributed to Butler Lampson , the scientist who in 1972 envisioned the modern personal computer .
The quote rings in my head on various occasions : when I am forced to talk to a secretary instead of the person I wish to communicate with , when I first travel east to Frankfurt in order to finally fly west to Shanghai or Bangalore , and — yes — when I examine a complex system 's source code .
Let 's start this particular journey by considering the problem of a typical operating system that supports disparate filesystem formats .
An operating system may use data residing on its native filesystem , a CD - ROM , or a USB stick .
These storage devices may , in turn , employ different filesystem organizations : NTFS or ext3fs for a Windows or Linux native filesystem , ISO - 9660 for the CD - ROM , and , often , the legacy FAT - 32 filesystem for the USB stick .
Each filesystem uses different data structures for managing free space , for storing file metadata , and for organizing files into directories .
Therefore , each filesystem requires different code for each operation on a file ( open , read , write , seek , close , delete , and so on ) .
From Filesystems to Filesystem Layers
For a concrete example of filesystem layering , consider the case where you mount on your computer a remote filesystem using the NFS ( Network File System ) protocol .
Unfortunately , in your case , the user and group identifiers on the remote system do n't match those used on your computer .
However , by interposing a umapfs filesystem over the actual NFS implementation , we can specify through external files the correct user and group mappings .
Figure 17 - 3 , “ Routing system calls through a bypass function ” illustrates how some operating system kernel function calls first get routed through the bypass function of umpafs — umap_bypass — before continuing their journey to the corresponding NFS client functions .
In contrast to the null_bypass function , the implementation of umap_bypass actually does some work before making a call to the underlying layer .
The vop_generic_args structure passed as its argument contains a description of the actual arguments for each vnode operation : /* * A generic structure . *
This can be used by bypass routines to identify generic arguments .
*/ struct vop_generic_args { struct vnodeop_desc * a_desc ; /* other random data follows , presumably */ } ; /* *
This structure describes the vnode operation taking place .
*/ struct vnodeop_desc { char * vdesc_name ; /* a readable name for debugging */ int vdesc_flags ; /* VDESC _* flags */ vop_bypass_t * vdesc_call ; /* Function to call */ /* *
These ops are used by bypass routines to map and locate arguments .
* Creds and procs are not needed in bypass routines , but sometimes * they are useful to ( for example ) transport layers .
* Nameidata is useful because it has a cred in it .
*/ int *vdesc_vp_offsets ; /* list ended by VDESC_NO_OFFSET */ int vdesc_vpp_offset /* return vpp location */ int vdesc_cred_offset ; /* cred location , if any */ int vdesc_thread_offset /* thread location , if any * int vdesc_componentname_offset ; /* if any */ } ;
For instance , the vnodeop_desc structure for the arguments passed to the vop_read operation is the following : struct vnodeop_desc vop_read_desc = { " vop_read " , 0 , ( vop_bypass_t *) VOP_READ_AP , vop_read_vp_offsets , VDESC_NO_OFFSET , VOPARG_OFFSETOF ( struct vop_read_args , a_cred ) , VDESC_NO_OFFSET , VDESC_NO_OFFSET , } ; Importantly , apart from the name of the function ( used for debugging purposes ) and the underlying function to call ( VOP_READ_AP ) , the structure contains in its vdesc_cred_offset field the location of the user credential data field ( a_cred ) within the read call 's arguments .
By using this field , umap_bypass can map the credentials of any vnode operation with the following code : if ( descp->vdesc_cred_offset !=
VDESC_NO_OFFSET ) { credpp = VOPARG_OFFSETTO ( struct ucred** , descp->vdesc_cred_offset , ap ) ; /*
Save old values */ savecredp = ( * credpp ) ; if ( savecredp != NOCRED ) ( * credpp ) = crdup( savecredp ) ; credp = * credpp ; /* Map all ids in the credential structure .
*/ umap_mapids ( vp1->v_mount , credp ) ; }
What we have here is a case of data describing the format of other data : a redirection in terms of data abstraction .
This metadata allows the credential mapping code to manipulate the arguments of arbitrary system calls .
From Code to a Domain - Specific Language
You may have noticed that some of the code associated with the implementation of the read system call , such as the packing of its arguments into a structure or the logic for calling the appropriate function , is highly stylized and is probably repeated in similar forms for all 52 other interfaces .
Another implementation detail , which we have not so far discussed and which can keep me awake at nights , concerns locking .
Operating systems must ensure that various processes running concurrently do n't step on each other 's toes when they modify data without coordination between them .
On modern multithreaded , multi-core processors , ensuring data consistency by maintaining one mutual exclusion lock for all critical operating system structures ( as was the case in older operating system implementations ) would result in an intolerable drain on performance .
Therefore , locks are nowadays held over fine - grained objects , such as a user 's credentials or a single buffer .
Furthermore , because obtaining and releasing locks can be expensive operations , ideally once a lock is held it should not be released if it will be needed again in short order .
These locking specifications can best be described through preconditions ( what the state of a lock must be before entering a function ) and postconditions ( the state of the lock at a function 's exit ) .
As you can imagine , programming under those constraints and verifying the code 's correctness can be hellishly complicated .
Fortunately for me , another level of indirection can be used to bring some sanity into the picture .
This indirection handles both the redundancy of packing code and the fragile locking requirements .
In the FreeBSD kernel , the interface functions and data structures we 've examined , such as VOP_READ_AP , VOP_READ_APV , and vop_read_desc , are n't directly written in C.
Instead , a domain - specific language is used to specify the types of each call 's arguments and their locking pre- and postconditions .
Such an implementation style always raises my pulse , because the productivity boost it gives can be enormous .
Here is an excerpt from the read system call specification : # # % read vp L L L # vop_read {
IN struct vnode * vp ; INOUT struct uio * uio ; IN int ioflag ; IN struct ucred * cred ; } ; From specifications such as the above , an awk script creates : C code for packing the arguments of the functions into a single structure
Declarations for the structures holding the packed arguments and the functions doing the work
Initialized data specifying the contents of the packed argument structures
The boilerplate C code we saw used for implementing filesystem layers
Assertions for verifying the state of the locks when the function enters and exits
In the FreeBSD version 6.1 implementation of the vnode call interface , all in all , 588 lines of domain - specific code expand into 4,339 lines of C code and declarations .
Such compilation from a specialized high - level domain - specific language into C is quite common in the computing field .
For example , the input to the lexical analyzer generator lex is a file that maps regular expressions into actions ; the input to the parser generator yacc is a language 's grammar and corresponding production rules .
Both systems ( and their descendants flex and bison ) generate C code implementing the high - level specifications .
A more extreme case involves the early implementations of the C++ programming language .
These consisted of a preprocessor , cfront , that would compile C++ code into C .
In all these cases , C is used as a portable assembly language .
When used appropriately , domain - specific languages increase the code 's expressiveness and thereby programmer productivity .
On the other hand , a gratuitously used obscure domain - specific language can make a system more difficult to comprehend , debug , and maintain .
The handling of locking assertions deserves more explanation .
For each argument , the code lists the state of its lock for three instances : when the function is entered , when the function exits successfully , and when the function exits with an error — an elegantly clear separation of concerns .
For example , the preceding specification of the read call indicated that the vp argument should be locked in all three cases .
More complex scenarios are also possible .
The following code excerpt indicates that the rename call arguments fdvp and fvp are always unlocked , but the argument tdvp has a process - exclusive lock when the routine is called .
All arguments should be unlocked when the function terminates : # # % rename fdvp U U U # % rename fvp U U U # % rename tdvp E U U #
The locking specification is used to instrument the C code with assertions at the function 's entry , the function 's normal exit , and the function 's error exit .
For example , the code at the entry point of the rename function contains the following assertions : ASSERT_VOP_UNLOCKED(a-> a_fdvp , " VOP_RENAME " ) ; ASSERT_VOP_UNLOCKED(a->a_fvp , " VOP_RENAME " ) ; ASSERT_VOP_ELOCKED(a-> a_tdvp , " VOP_RENAME " ) ;
Although assertions , such as the preceding one , do n't guarantee that the code will be bug - free , they do at least provide an early - fail indication that will diagnose errors during system testing , before they destabilize the system in a way that hinders debugging .
When I read complex code that lacks assertions , it 's like watching acrobats performing without a net : an impressive act where a small mistake can result in considerable grief .
News in Science
Locust wings to inspire flying robots
Australian and UK researchers have used high - speed photography to reveal the complex nature of insect flight .
The research , published in today 's edition of Science , puts scientists one step closer to creating mini robotic aircraft .
Aeronautical engineer and lead researcher Dr John Young , of the University of New South Wales at the Australian Defence Force Academy , says small flying insects are the best place to learn how to make small robotic aircrafts .
Their wings have been " optimised over hundreds of years [ of ] evolutionary pressures , " he says .
Fixed wings , like those on aeroplanes , become very inefficient in tiny robotic planes , says Young .
" People are now looking at flapping wings as an alternative structure . "
Efficient flyers
Young says he and his colleagues from the University of Oxford decided to study locusts because they are very efficient flyers .
" They can fly for a very long time , over very long distances with very little energy . "
He says their aim was to understand what they were doing and " use some of their tricks " to build small robotic aircrafts .
Young says the team started their experiments by videoing the locusts flying in a wind tunnel .
The locust 's wing motion could be calculated from multiple angles , he says .
Young then used this data in a computer simulation to understand the locust 's aerodynamics .
" I looked at the forces the wings generated , what lift and power it took to make the wings flap , " he says .
Young says by manipulating the simulations he discovered that the locust 's power and efficiency comes from the complex folding of the wings .
" The locust is using the bending and the folding of its wings to control its aerodynamics in a very efficient way , " he says .
Computer manipulation
Young then used the computer simulation to modify the wings and study the effects .
" I wanted to find out what would be the results if the wings were slightly different , if they did n't have all the veins and corrugation , " he says .
One of the modifications was to make the wings flatter , something engineers would find easier to build .
But Young says the simulations showed that flatter wings are n't as efficient .
" The results show that if you want to model the insect you have to get as much detail as you can and build wings that do most of what the insect wings do , " he says .
Young says they'd now like to use their findings to build their own small robotic aircraft .
He says defence forces around the world have shown a lot of interest in the technology .
According to Young , small robotic aircraft could be used to fly " anywhere you do n't want to send people , but need to navigate a complex environment , " such as a collapsed building or flood region .
A residence on 90th St. and 130th Ave. was blocked off late Saturday morning after a man entering his home allegedly found a body on his front lawn .
Edmonton police are providing very little details at this time , but confirm they are considering both exposure and foul play while trying to determine the cause of death .
They say the victim , believed to be in his early 20s , was not dressed for the weather .
" It 's quite cold outside and there 's a male deceased on the front yard and we do n't have anything more at this time other than the fact there is some blood near the body as well , " said Acting Insp. Denis Jubinville .
" The death appears to be possibly suspicious so out of precaution we 've called homicide unit , they 'll be taking a look shortly . "
Investigators are not sure if the man was assaulted or if he fell and injured himself , then succumbed to the cold .
They also can't say at this point how long the body was out in frigid temperatures .
An autopsy is scheduled for early this week .
BlueMatter , a new algorithm created in collaboration with Stanford University , exploits the Blue Gene supercomputing architecture in order to noninvasively measure and map the connections between all cortical and sub-cortical locations within the human brain using magnetic resonance diffusion weighted imaging .
Mapping the wiring diagram of the brain is crucial to untangling its vast communication network and understanding how it represents and processes information .
( PhysOrg.com ) -- Today at SC 09 , the supercomputing conference , IBM announced significant progress toward creating a computer system that simulates and emulates the brain 's abilities for sensation , perception , action , interaction and cognition , while rivaling the brain 's low power and energy consumption and compact size .
The cognitive computing team , led by IBM Research , has achieved significant advances in large - scale cortical simulation and a new algorithm that synthesizes neurological data -- two major milestones that indicate the feasibility of building a cognitive computing chip .
Scientists , at IBM Research - Almaden , in collaboration with colleagues from Lawrence Berkeley National Lab , have performed the first near real - time cortical simulation of the brain that exceeds the scale of a cat cortex and contains 1 billion spiking neurons and 10 trillion individual learning synapses .
Additionally , in collaboration with researchers from Stanford University , IBM scientists have developed an algorithm that exploits the Blue Gene® supercomputing architecture in order to noninvasively measure and map the connections between all cortical and sub-cortical locations within the human brain using magnetic resonance diffusion weighted imaging .
Mapping the wiring diagram of the brain is crucial to untangling its vast communication network and understanding how it represents and processes information .
These advancements will provide a unique workbench for exploring the computational dynamics of the brain , and stand to move the team closer to its goal of building a compact , low - power synaptronic chip using nanotechnology and advances in phase change memory and magnetic tunnel junctions .
The team ’s work stands to break the mold of conventional von Neumann computing , in order to meet the system requirements of the instrumented and interconnected world of tomorrow .
As the amount of digital data that we create continues to grow massively and the world becomes more instrumented and interconnected , there is a need for new kinds of computing systems - imbued with a new intelligence that can spot hard - to - find patterns in vastly varied kinds of data , both digital and sensory ; analyze and integrate information real - time in a context - dependent way ; and deal with the ambiguity found in complex , real - world environments .
Businesses will simultaneously need to monitor , prioritize , adapt and make rapid decisions based on ever - growing streams of critical data and information .
A cognitive computer could quickly and accurately put together the disparate pieces of this complex puzzle , while taking into account context and previous experience , to help business decision makers come to a logical response .
“ Learning from the brain is an attractive way to overcome power and density challenges faced in computing today , ” said Josephine Cheng , IBM Fellow and lab director of IBM Research - Almaden .
“ As the digital and physical worlds continue to merge and computing becomes more embedded in the fabric of our daily lives , it ’s imperative that we create a more intelligent computing system that can help us make sense the vast amount of information that 's increasingly available to us , much the way our brains can quickly interpret and act on complex tasks . ”
To perform the first near real - time cortical simulation of the brain that exceed the scale of the cat cortex , the team built a cortical simulator that incorporates a number of innovations in computation , memory , and communication as well as sophisticated biological details from neurophysiology and neuroanatomy .
This scientific tool , akin to a linear accelerator or an electron microscope , is a critical instrument used to test hypotheses of brain structure , dynamics and function .
The simulation was performed using the cortical simulator on Lawrence Livermore National Lab ’s Dawn Blue Gene / P supercomputer with 147,456 CPUs and 144 terabytes of main memory .
The algorithm , when combined with the cortical simulator , allows scientists to experiment with various mathematical hypotheses of brain function and structure of how structure affects function as they work toward discovering the brain ’s core computational micro and macro circuits .
After the successful completion of Phase 0 , IBM and its university partners were recently awarded $ 16.1 M in additional funding from the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) for Phase 1 of DARPA ’s Systems of Neuromorphic Adaptive Plastic Scalable Electronics ( SyNAPSE ) initiative .
This phase of research will focus on the components , brain - like architecture and simulations to build a prototype chip .
The long - term mission of IBM ’s cognitive computing initiative is to discover and demonstrate the algorithms of the brain and deliver low - power , compact cognitive computers that approach mammalian - scale intelligence and use significantly less energy than today ’s computing systems .
The world - class team includes researchers from several of IBM ’s worldwide research labs and scientists from Stanford University , University of Wisconsin - Madison , Cornell University , Columbia University Medical Center and University of California - Merced .
“ The goal of the SyNAPSE program is to create new electronics hardware and architecture that can understand , adapt and respond to an informative environment in ways that extend traditional computation to include fundamentally different capabilities found in biological brains , ” said DARPA program manager Todd Hylton , Ph.D .
Modern computing is based on a stored program model , which has traditionally been implemented in digital , synchronous , serial , centralized , fast , hardwired , general - purpose circuits with explicit memory addressing that indiscriminately over - write data and impose a dichotomy between computation and data .
In stark contrast , cognitive computing - like the brain - will use replicated computational units , neurons and synapses that are implemented in mixed - mode analog - digital , asynchronous , parallel , distributed , slow , reconfigurable , specialized and fault - tolerant biological substrates with implicit memory addressing that only update state when information changes , blurring the boundary between computation and data .
More information : Technical insight and more details on the SyNAPSE project and recent milestones can be found on the Cognitive Computing blog at modha.org / .
Source : IBM
Explore further IBM Seeks to Build the Computer of the Future Based on Insights from the Brain
Amazon 's Kindle hit an important and startling milestone yesterday : On Christmas , the company sold more Kindle books than physical books .
Yes , this is obviously the result of everyone who got a Kindle for Christmas ( lots of folks ) firing it up and ordering a bunch of eBooks on a day in which most physical - book readers were n't shopping .
But it 's still important and impressive .
The Kindle 's economics are still lousy for Amazon :
The company loses money on new releases and makes only a modest amount on older titles , thus losing an estimated $ 1 per Kindle book .
That said , Amazon 's strategy is clearly to drive " ubiquity , " and based on stats like those above , it is succeeding .
The more Kindle books Amazon sells , the more leverage it will have over publishers when it tries to force them to cut wholesale prices .
If Amazon 's Kindle momentum continues , the day publishers have to capitulate will come sooner rather than later .
And , despite publishers ' cries , this is not necessarily bad for publishers :
If publishers cut wholesale prices , Amazon will be able to cut retail prices .
If the retail prices are cut to nominal levels -- $ 2.99 or $ 3.99 per copy -- sales velocity should soar .
Publishers and writers will make less per unit , but the increased volume should make up a lot of the difference .
Amazon 's release below .
See Also :
Amazon 's Latest Kindle Deal Is Watershed , Will Increase Pressure On Publishers
Amazon Making No Headway With Publishers On Kindle Book Pricing
Amazon Kindle is the Most Gifted Item Ever on Amazon.comOn Christmas Day , for the First Time Ever , Customers Purchased More Kindle Books Than Physical BooksSEATTLE , Dec 26 , 2009 ( BUSINESS WIRE ) -- Amazon.com , Inc. ( NASDAQ : AMZN ) today announced that Kindle has become the most gifted item in Amazon 's history .
On Christmas Day , for the first time ever , customers purchased more Kindle books than physical books .
The Kindle Store now includes over 390,000 books and the largest selection of the most popular books people want to read , including New York TimesBestsellersand New Releases .
" We are grateful to our customers for making Kindle the most gifted item ever in our history , " said Jeff Bezos , founder and CEO of Amazon.com .
" On behalf of Amazon.com employees around the world , we wish everyone happy holidays and happy reading ! "
On Amazon 's peak day , Dec. 14 , 2009 , customers ordered over 9.5 million items worldwide , which is a record - breaking 110 items per second .
Amazon Worldwide 2009 Holiday Facts ( includes www.amazon.com, www.amazon.co.uk, www.amazon.de, www.amazon.fr, www.amazon.co.jp and www.amazon.ca):
Amazon shipped to over 178 countries .
One of our most remote shipments contained the EMU Australia Toddler Boot and was delivered to Atqasuk , Alaska .
On the peak day this season , Amazon 's worldwide fulfillment network shipped over 7 million units .
Amazon shipped over 200,000 units to APO / FPO addresses .
Amazon shipped more than 99 percent of orders in time to meet holiday deadlines worldwide .
Amazon.com 2009 Holiday Facts ( www.amazon.com only ) :
Amazon customers purchased enough fruit cake to equal the weight of a 1967 Volkswagen Bug .
Amazon customers bought enough gingerbread house kits that if stacked on top of each other would be as tall as the Sears Tower .
If all the computers customers purchased this holiday were stacked one on top of the other , they would be more than twice as high as Mt. Everest .
Amazon customers bought over 50 times more Light Therapy devices this holiday season than there are sunny days in Seattle the entire year .
For the holiday time period alone , Amazon customers purchased enough shoot - and - share camcorders to supply 50 years ' worth of non -stop YouTube watching .
Amazon customers bought enough Levi's jeans to clothe everyone at the opening ceremony of the 2010 Olympics in Vancouver .
Amazon customers purchased so many Blu-ray disc players that if you lined them up side to side , they would stretch for more than 27 miles .
During the 2009 holiday season , Amazon customers bought enough 8 GB iPod touches to play 442 years of continuous music .
In 2009 , Amazon customers purchased enough heart rate monitor watches to put one on the wrist of everyone who finished the New York City marathons in 2008 and 2009 .
Amazon customers purchased enough Frustration - Free Package items to eliminate over 32,000 pounds of frustrating plastic materials , such as plastic clamshells .
The last One - Day Prime order that was delivered in time for Christmas , was placed on Dec. 23 at 9:17 p.m. Pacific and shipped to Boca Raton , Florida for delivery on Dec. 24 .
The item was a pair of Yellow Gold 8 - 8.5 mm Freshwater Cultured Pearl Stud Earrings .
The last Local Express Delivery order that was delivered in time for Christmas , was placed by a Prime member and went to Seattle .
It was a Kindle that was ordered at 1:43 p.m. on Christmas Eve and delivered at 4:57 p.m. that evening .
Amazon.com 's Hot Holiday Bestsellers ( Nov. 15 through Dec. 19 , based on units ordered ) :
THE US Food and Drug Administration is unimpressed by the fad for drinks that contain a double hit – alcohol and caffeine .
Unless makers supply the FDA with scientific evidence that the drinks are safe they could be banned within months .
The agency is worried that consuming the drinks – which can mask the effect of alcohol – leads to rash behaviour , car crashes , violence and assaults .
The FDA issued the ultimatum last week in response to a request made by the National Association of Attorneys General .
“ Caffeine added to alcohol poses a significant public health threat , ” said a task force headed …
By By Andrew Moran Nov 1 , 2009 in Politics
Texas radio show host and documentary filmmaker Alex Jones recently made a call for Republican Congressman Ron Paul to run for the Presidency in 2012 .
He said : " Just because he has a good chance of winning does n’t mean he ’ll actually win , but resistance is victory , and we need him in the campaign , in the debates , to be injecting real issues and shattering a left - right paradigm and showing that both major political parties and the candidates that they select for the people are controlled by the very same shadow interest that are now openly starting up this new world order , this global government . "
Jones added that since President Barack Obama 's approval rating is slipping , now would be the perfect opportunity for a " truly Constitutional candidate " to run for the Presidency .
He also thinks that Dr. Paul 's 2012 bid would " wake America up " and force the mainstream media to report the important issues .
In March ’s At the Nevertheless , Jones believes Paul “ would be the only candidate to foster debate on real issues , and would be the only candidate to operate under the Constitution ’s guidelines . ”
Documentary filmmaker of such pictures as " Endgame : Blueprint for Global Enslavement " and " Fall of the Republic , " Alex Jones recently drafted former 2008 Republican Presidential Candidate Ron Paul for the Presidency in 2012 , according to Russia Today
He said : " Just because he has a good chance of winning does n’t mean he ’ll actually win , but resistance is victory , and we need him in the campaign , in the debates , to be injecting real issues and shattering a left - right paradigm and showing that both major political parties and the candidates that they select for the people are controlled by the very same shadow interest that are now openly starting up this new world order , this global government .
" Jones added that since President Barack Obama 's approval rating is slipping , now would be the perfect opportunity for a " truly Constitutional candidate " to run for the Presidency .
He also thinks that Dr. Paul 's 2012 bid would " wake America up " and force the mainstream media to report the important issues .
Digital Journal reported last week that the Los Angeles Times and CNN were making speculations that the author of “ The Revolution : A Manifesto ” and “ A Foreign Policy of Freedom ” would seek the Republican nomination in 2012 because he is delivering two speeches in the key states of South Carolina and Iowa , which are important states during the primaries .
In March ’s Conservative Political Action Convention straw poll , Ron Paul received 13 per cent of the vote , while former Massachusetts Governor and 2008 Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney won the event with 20 per cent .
At the Value Voters Summit that was held in Washington in September , Mike Huckabee garnered 28 per cent of the vote , while the OBGYN did not make the top five .
Nevertheless , Jones believes Paul “ would be the only candidate to foster debate on real issues , and would be the only candidate to operate under the Constitution ’s guidelines . ”
More about Alex jones , Ron paul , 2012 presidential election
More news from alex jones ron paul 2012 presidential el ...
‘ Will Obamacare morph into Herodcare for the unborn ? ’
Hollywood star asks
Movie star and Mike Huckabee booster Chuck Norris has dragged the “ War on Christmas ” into the health care debate .
Norris has penned an article in which he suggests that Jesus Christ would have been among many “ great souls ” who would have been “ erased from history ” had a health plan similar to the one proposed by the Democrats existed in the Levant 2,000 years ago .
ADVERTISEMENT
In a column published at the conservative Human Events blog earlier this week , Norris suggested that if a government - run health care plan had existed in Bethlehem at the time of Jesus ’ birth , the shame of Mary ’s “ out - of - wedlock ” pregnancy would have pushed her into aborting her child .
Norris wrote :
Lastly , as we near the eve of another Christmas , I wonder :
What would have happened if Mother Mary had been covered by Obamacare ?
What if that young , poor and uninsured teenage woman had been provided the federal funds ( via Obamacare ) and facilities ( via Planned Parenthood , etc. ) to avoid the ridicule , ostracizing , persecution and possible stoning because of her out - of - wedlock pregnancy ?
Imagine all the great souls who could have been erased from history and the influence of mankind if their parents had been as progressive as Washington ’s wise men and women !
The movie actor famed for his turns in the Missing In Action movies and Walker , Texas Ranger then asked , “ Will Obamacare morph into Herodcare for the unborn ? ”
That refers to King Herod , whom the Book of Matthew describes as having ordered the killing of all male infants when he felt his rule was threatened by a usurper .
Norris may be surprised to discover that modern - day Israel has a universal , government - run health care system that is far more “ socialist ” than anything being debated in Congress at present .
ADVERTISEMENT
The reality that Jesus ’ homeland subscribes to public health care is an uncomfortable one for some opponents of health care reform .
Last summer , at a heated Town Hall meeting , one opponent of reform was so upset at an Israeli Jewish man who defended his country ’s socialized health care system that she shouted “ Heil Hitler ! ” at him .
Norris ends his column with a sneak preview of his next column , entitled “ Away With the Manger , ” in which he promises to detail “ how the feds are whitewashing America ’s Judeo - Christian heritage via a progressive , politically correct and pro-Muslim platform . ”
COMMENTARY --
While investors ponder what stocks would do best under an Al Gore or George W. Bush presidency , at least one tech company is looking pretty good as Web traffic soars for political sites .
That company , Akamai ( Nasdaq : AKAM ) , is getting quite a marketing pitch from the political hubbub .
You must have noticed that most of the general news sites were buckling under record traffic as Webheads searched for the latest election results Tuesday night .
Some sites were still sluggish through Wednesday as folks looked for the latest on the recount of Florida votes .
Enter Akamai , which basically provides software and services to speed sites up .
At a recent investment conference , Akamai CFO Tim Weller said the company 's primary job is moving the content closer to the user based on what information is most popular .
Weller reckons Akamai can boost performance by a multiple of 10 by using snazzy mathematical formulas and moving caching content .
Sounds impressive , but the technology does n't mean squat unless it performs well in crunch time .
Akamai delivered and could use this election as a marketing pitch .
Why ?
Web sites that used Akamai actually worked when it counted most .
MSNBC.com , Drudgereport.com and others were hit by outages , and none of those sites were Akamai customers , according to the company 's list of big - name clients .
An unscientific spot check -- basically my Web surfing -- showed that CNN.com was among the most reliable sites on Election Day .
It 's no surprise that CNN.com recorded new traffic records .
CNN.com is also a big Akamai customer , as is Washingtonpost.com among other key political sites .
Voter.com was working with Akamai for a few weeks before Election Day , but suffered an outage for about an hour because the company guessed wrong on peak loads , said Ben Miller , chief technology officer for Voter.com .
The company had expected traffic to grow 30 times usual levels , but Webheads flocked to the site at a much higher rate .
After Voter.com went down , it called in Akamai , which basically moved the whole site to its network to handle the demand .
Miller said Voter.com was " rearchitected " on the fly and users did n't know the difference .
What do these little anecdotes mean for Akamai 's bottom line right now ?
Not much -- the company is expected to lose money through 2001 at least .
But the election has given Akamai a good case study to land new customers and develop additional revenue streams .
Other Washington - meets - Wall Street observations :
Yahoo !
( Nasdaq : YHOO ) --
The portal , primarily known as an aggregator , made a big election news splash and benefited because its site actually worked .
Yahoo , another Akamai customer , will inevitably point to the election as a huge traffic generator for the fourth quarter .
Now all Yahoo has to do is monetize its newshounds .
Microsoft ( Nasdaq : MSFT ) --
Under conventional wisdom , Microsoft shares have been rallying based on speculation that Bush would win the election and call off the antitrust dogs .
Tech - head Gore may not be all that hip on breaking up Microsoft either .
Shares could also be up for another reason -- Windows 2000 sales are improving .
Lehman Brothers analyst Mike Stanek boosted his price target to $ 115 from $ 85 on Windows 2000 optimism .
Hmmm .
RealNetworks ( Nasdaq : RNWK ) -- RealNetworks stock options have fueled a tight race in Washington as Democrat Maria Cantwell dukes it out with Republican Slade Gorton .
Cantwell used her RealNetworks stock options to bankroll her campaign against Gorton , who has raked in dough from Microsoft .
Gorton , who has spoken out for Microsoft in its antitrust trial , remains neutral when it comes to RealNetworks software .
Gorton 's site provides audio clips using RealNetworks and Microsoft 's media player .
A booster from New Zealand 's first home - grown space rocket has been found in good condition .
The first stage booster was located by a fisherman about half an hour by boat from Great Mercury Island , off the Coromandel coast , this morning .
Rocket Lab director Mark Rocket said the booster , which provided the main thrust to launch the rocket , would provide valuable data about how the engine burnt .
The payload had not been found and was likely to be " bobbing in the ocean " about 50 km away , he said .
Mr Rocket was optimistic of finding the payload in good condition and urged any marine traffic in the area to keep a lookout and take note of GPS co-ordinates .
The rocket , dubbed Manu Karere , or Bird Messenger , was launched from Great Mercury Island yesterday afternoon .
The six - metre long , 60kg , rocket reached its target speed of up to Mach 5 , or 5000 kmh , and flew to an altitude of at least 100 km before splashing down .
Mr Rocket said once found , the payload should not be handled as it was " potentially hazardous " and contained delicate instruments .
ANOTHER LAUNCH
Mr Rocket said the next step after recovering the payload and analysing the data would be planning for the next launch , which could be early next year .
Rocket Lab was a space launch business and there was massive interest in the company 's products from around the world , he said .
" It 's not trivial sending something into space .
This is a huge technological leap for New Zealand . "
Yesterday 's launch was delayed by seven hours when an fuel line aerocoupler froze , tethering the rocket to its launch pad .
A helicopter was sent to Whitianga to pick up another hydraulic coupling - worth about $ 6 - from an engineering supplier .
While the Atea - 1 is New Zealand 's first home - grown and privately - funded space rocket it is not the first to be launched from these shores .
In 1963 an imported rocket was launched to a height of about 75 km to conduct upper atmospheric research in a joint venture between Canterbury University 's physics department and the Royal New Zealand Air Force .
It was launched from Birdlings Flat , 44 km southeast of Christchurch , spent about 2 1/2 minutes airborne and landed in the sea .
First unboxing pictures of Google Nexus One Phone are already leaked .
Phillip Meredith has just added a photoset on Flickr revealing some more pictures of Google Nexus One Phone with iPhone comparison .
Nexus
One is Google branded phone that was recently announced .
Credit of all photos go to phillipmeredith
The University of California , San Francisco , has become a watering hole of sorts  for fruit flies .
There , in the lab of Ulrike Heberlein , an addiction researcher , fruit flies are choosing to consume alcohol .
They are drinking ( or rather , eating alcohol - spiked food ) until they are intoxicated , even if they do n’t like the taste .
They are also falling off the wagon .
Dr. Heberlein , the author , with Anita V. Devineni , of a paper describing the findings in Current Biology , said the research represented an advance in their work trying to understand the genetic basis of human addictions to substances like alcohol and nicotine through the fruit fly , Drosophila melanogaster .
Image Credit ...
Chris Gash
“ For years we ’ve been studying simple responses such as intoxication and tolerance development , ” Dr. Heberlein said .
The fruit fly ’s well - known , easily studied genetics make it a model organism for such work .
“ Now , instead of passively giving the flies the alcohol , we are letting them choose to drink . ”
Parts of the San Andreas Fault are so sensitive to stress that the faint gravitational tug of the sun and the moon may be enough to cause tiny tremors 15 miles underground , a team of UC Berkeley seismologists has found .
Water under extremely high pressure apparently acts as a lubricant for the rock , allowing even the smallest stresses to cause a measurable slippage .
" For the first time , we 're getting a picture of what 's going on beneath where earthquakes are happening , " said Robert Nadeau of the Berkeley Seismological Laboratory , one of the authors of a report appearing today in the journal Nature .
" This is information from a region we 've been virtually blind to in the past . "
Unlike earthquakes , which can be large and generally short - lived jolts , the nonvolcanic tremors deep underground may last for many tens of minutes at the level of a magnitude 1 earthquake , making them detectable only with sensitive instruments .
The tremors were first discovered in Japan about seven years ago , and seismologists began looking for them along the San Andreas fault in 2005 .
Working at Parkfield , a tiny community in a geologically active part of southern Monterey County , scientists placed sensitive seismometers more than 600 feet underground , shielded from the clutter of movement at the surface .
Using years of readings from Parkfield and other sites , Nadeau , along with Roland Bürgmann , a UC Berkeley professor of earth and planetary science , and Amanda Thomas , a UC Berkeley graduate student , found that tremor activity varied with the effects of the sun , the moon and the ocean tides , which are driven by the moon .
When sun , moon align
Since the strongest effects were seen when the pull of the moon and the sun was aligned with the direction of the fault 's break ( Los Angeles toward San Francisco in the case of the San Andreas Fault ) , the researchers reasoned that water trapped deep underground was the likely explanation for the tremors , lubricating the rock to make it move easier .
The tremors so far have been found in only a relatively small number of fault zones , suggesting that underground water is n't found everywhere .
If the tremors have an effect on the earthquake zone closer to the surface , it 's hard to find , Bürgmann said .
" These tremors represent slip along the fault 25 kilometers underground , and this slip should push the fault zone above in a similar pattern , " Bürgmann said in a statement released by UC Berkeley .
" But it seems to be very subtle , because we actually do n't see a tidal signal in regular earthquakes . "
But it 's a reasonable conjecture that the tremors are affecting the fault zones above them , Nadeau said , because the deep San Andreas fault is moving faster when the tremors are more active , presumably placing more stress on the seismogenic zone , where earthquakes happen .
Looking for a link
If scientists can find a link between these almost undetectable tremors and the destructive quakes that are geologically inevitable along the huge fault zones that riddle California and other parts of the world , it could help them understand the processes taking place deep below Earth 's surface .
" Clearly they are connected , since it 's the same fault zone , " Bürgmann said in an interview Tuesday .
" But how they relate is a question that still has to be answered . "
The next step is to expand the research to find other places , particularly in California , where these tremors occur , Nadeau said .
There 's also a need for more sensitive equipment to take a higher - resolution look at what 's happening deep underground .
" We need to understand the mechanism , " he said .
" As we get a better picture of how each part of the Earth works together , we get closer to understanding what 's going on with earthquakes . "
Mientras los cementerios latinoamericanos presenciaban las celebraciones que recuerdan el día en que los muertos regresan a convivir con los vivos , en la comunidad maya de Pomuch , en el Estado de Yucatán ( sureste de México ) , sí que regresan .
Literalmente .
Los habitantes del pueblo mexicano desentierran a sus seres queridos , limpian sus esqueletos y les presentan ofrendas .
" Si no lo hacemos , es como olvidarnos de los nuestros , como que no existen " , afirmó a Efe Manuel Canché , un anciano de 70 años .
Si bien es de las más peculiares , esta tradición no es aislada .
En el cementerio de Oviedo , en San Salvador ( El Salvador ) , Josefina Guzmán , la madre del policía José Guzmán , asesinado este año , fue una de las miles que acudieron a llevar flores a la tumba de su ser querido .
Una tradición que también recordó la comunidad mexicana en Madrid , que colocó en el Museo de América un altar en honor de los escritores Alfonso Reyes Ochoa y José Vasconcelos , con motivo de cumplirse el 50 º aniversario del fallecimiento de ambos .
Pero la costumbre no se limita al recuerdo de los que se han ido .
El pueblo Todos Santos , en Guatemala , celebra durante tres días sus fiestas , en honor de su nombre .
La comunidad indígena festeja en medio de desfiles , música y carreras de caballos .
Unas celebraciones " empapadas en alcohol " , según señala Associated Press .
Piggybacking off her earlier quote , NOM chief Maggie Gallagher has a whole listicle entitled “ Is Gay Marriage Inevitable ? , ” with predictable answers .
You see , in the interview she gave to Poitico ‘s Ben Smith , none of her awesome reasons about how gay marriage is n’t in our destiny were included in the list .
So she typed them all up and published ’em for ya !
They are all terribly transparent , and so easy to shoot down , a blogger could do it .
So we did .
She ’s got eight bullet points why marriage is not inevitable .
Allow us to share .
1. Nothing is inevitable .
We are talking about the future here .
It ’s weird to have “ reporting ” that something that has not yet happened will certainly happen .
The future is never inevitable .
Actually , “ the future ” is inevitable .
It will happen .
In the half - second that passed between typing that last sentence , the future happened .
Let ’s not get into Physics 101 , okay ?
But Maggie is right : Nothing is for certain .
Unless you ’re a history professor in twenty years , in which case Maggie ’s appearance under “ hate leaders ” is , in fact , inevitable .
2 . Young people are not as unanimous as most people think .
In California , the young - adults vote split 55 percent to 45 percent .
Is it so hard to imagine 5 percent of those young people changing their minds as they move through the life cycle ?
Of course not .
But they ’ll be replaced by even more progressive younger people each and every year .
Watch as they grow , successively , more progressive — and more accepting of LGBTs .
3 . The argument from despair is bait and switch .
They are trying push the idea that gay marriage is inevitable , because they are losing the argument that gay marriage is a good idea .
Or you ’re just more effective in pushing a fearmongering campaign that elicits terror , while gay marriage advocates — foolishly ?
— have been focusing on things like equality and love .
4. Progressives are often wrong about the future .
Here ’s my personal litany : Progressives told me abortion would be a dead issue by today , because young people in 1975 were so pro-choice .
They told me there would be no more homemakers at all by the year 2000 , because of the attitudes and values of young women in 1975 .
Some even told me the Soviet Union was the wave of the future .
I mean , really , fool me once shame on you .
Fool me over and over again . . . I must be a Republican !
Sure , but conservatives and Republicans are at least as equally misguided about their own ability to predict the future .
Was n’t is just in 2004 that Weekly Standard editor Fred Barnes was predicting the rise , and prosperity , of conservatism , and that GOP power could n’t be taken away any time soon ?
Oh , right .
5. Demography could be destiny .
If there is one force that directly contradicts the inevitability argument , it is that traditionalists have more children .
Preventing schools and media from corrupting those children is a problem , but not necessarily an insoluable one .
Religous groups are increasingly focused on the problem of how to transmit a marriage culture to the next generation ( see the USCCB ’s recent initiatives ) .
No , preventing schools and media from learning about acceptance and tolerance is the problem .
And while “ traditionalists ” may be popping out more kids ( source , please ? ) , ya know who ’s a fast - growing segment of child rearers ?
Homosexuals !
6. Change is inevitable .
Generational arguments tend to work only for one generation : Right now , it ’s “ cool ” to be pro-gay marriage .
In ten years , it will be what the old folks think .
Even gay people may decide , as they get used to living in a tolerant and free America , they do n’t want to waste all that time and energy on a symbolic social issue , anyway .
( I know gay people who think that right now ) .
I am not saying it will happen , only that it could .
The future is not going to look like the present ( see point one above ) .
Inevitability is a manufactured narrative , not a fundamental truth .
We ’ve never know the gay community to be , especially in the last half century , among those who get tired pushing for “ symbolic social issues . ”
In fact , we ’re a pretty resilient bunch , and the past year ’s societal missteps are only giving us more reason to continue fighting .
Harder .
Louder .
Longer .
Meanwhile , as Maggie herself says , “ the future is not going to look like the present ” — effectively contradicting her own statement , that change is , in fact , inevitable .
And change means marriage equality .
7. Newsflash : 18 - year - olds can be wrong .
Should we really say “ Hmm , whatever the 18 - year - olds think , that must be inevitable , ” and go do that ?
I mean , would we reason like that on any other issue ?
Know who else can be wrong ?
49 - year - olds .
8. New York ’s highest court was right .
From Hernandez v. Robles :
The dissenters assert confidently that “ future generations ” will agree with their view of this case ( dissenting op at 396 ) .
We do not predict what people will think generations from now , but we believe the present generation should have a chance to decide the issue through its elected representatives .
We therefore express our hope that the participants in the controversy over same - sex marriage will address their arguments to the Legislature ; that the Legislature will listen and decide as wisely as it can ; and that those unhappy with the result — as many undoubtedly will be — will respect it as people in a democratic state should respect choices democratically made .
Speaking of deciding issues through elected representatives , may we bring your attention to something elected representatives did in 1868 .
Sit down , Mags .
You ’re not convincing anyone .
Facebook is one of the most popular social networking sites on the Internet .
As the popularity of sites like this increases , the problems related to security also increases .
TrendLabs Malware Blog are reporting about a Facebook phishing attack .
The phishing attacks begins by mass mailing potential Facebook users , claiming to be coming from Facebook .
It instructs unsuspecting users to click on a URL provided in the email message to update their Facebook login credentials .
When the user clicks on the URL , it points them to a website that looks exactly the same as the Facebook website where they are required to input their password only as their email address has been automatically filled up .
After you click on the Login button , another page will open that has a link to an update tool ( updatetool.exe ) which installs a trojan , identified by Trend Micro as TROJ_ZBOT .CDX on the user ’s system .
It drops a copy of itself in the Windows system folder and appends garbage code to the dropped copy to avoid easy detection .
It creates a folder with attributes set to System and Hidden to prevent users from discovering and removing its components .
It then creates non-malicious files .
It modifies a registry entry to enable its automatic execution at system startup .
It also injects itself into processes as part of its memory residency routine .
It attempts to access a Web site to download a file which has information where the Trojan can download an updated copy of itself , and where to send its stolen data .
This configuration file also has a list of targeted bank - related Web sites from which it steals information .
Note that the contents of the file , hence the list of Web sites to watch , may change any time .
It attempts to steal sensitive online banking information , such as user names and passwords .
This routine risks the exposure of the user ’s account information , which may then lead to the unauthorized use of the stolen data .
It saves the stolen information in a file .
It sends the gathered information via HTTP POST to a remote URL .
It accesses a remote site to download its configuration file .
The downloaded file has information where it can download an updated copy of itself , and where to send its stolen data .
The TrendLabs Malware blog post has security tips on how to distinguish legit emails from phishing emails .
But the most important lesson is to always verify the sender of the email and to stop clicking on links in emails .
Advertisements
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
More
Pocket
LinkedIn
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
Chris Soghoian , who we ’ve mentioned here extensively in the past , has posted some new research around just how much electronic surveillance is really going on here in the US .
Sprint Nextel provided law enforcement agencies with its customers ’ ( GPS ) location information over 8 million times between September 2008 and October 2009 .
This massive disclosure of sensitive customer information was made possible due to the roll - out by Sprint of a new , special web portal for law enforcement officers .
And that ’s just Sprint .
( Who btw also keeps logs of all IP access for 24 months , including in many cases full URLs ) .
You really need to read the full article because he has so much data , as usual , Chris sums things up nicely :
As the information presented in this article has demonstrated , the publicly available law enforcement surveillance statistics are , at best misleading , and at worst , deceptive .
It is simply impossible to have a reasonable debate amongst academics , public policy makers , and members of the public interest community when the very scale of these surveillance programs is secret .
and
As for the millions of government requests for geo-location data , it is simply disgraceful that these are not currently being reported … but they should be .
Per Chris ’s request the full data dump has been mirrored here as well .
Promoting his latest film earlier this year , Michael Moore ignored the achievements of the Progressive movement and the New Deal when he declared , " capitalism is evil and you can't regulate evil . "
Now on the eve of President Obama 's address to the nation on his Afghanistan strategy , Moore is rewriting the history of the campaign that put Obama in the Oval Office .
In an open letter to President Obama , Moore on Monday seems to have forgotten candidate Obama 's aggressive stance towards Al Qaeda in Afghanistan and Pakistan :
Do you really want to be the new " war president " ?
If you go to West Point tomorrow night ( Tuesday , 8 pm ) and announce that you are increasing , rather than withdrawing , the troops in Afghanistan , you are the new war president .
Pure and simple .
And with that you will do the worst possible thing you could do -- destroy the hopes and dreams so many millions have placed in you .
With just one speech tomorrow night you will turn a multitude of young people who were the backbone of your campaign into disillusioned cynics .
You will teach them what they 've always heard is true -- that all politicians are alike .
I simply can't believe you 're about to do what they say you are going to do .
Please say it is n't so .
But at almost every turn in the 2008 campaign ( for example , starting at about the 17:30 mark in the video above ) , it was Barack Obama who pledged to " finish the fight in Afghanistan . "
In August 2007 , as you 'll recall , Senator Obama received a hellstorm of criticism for his statements regarding attacking Al Qaeda bases in Pakistan .
As part of a broad - and forceful - foreign policy speech on August 1 , Obama rightly took the Bush administration to task for the failure of its " no safe havens " doctrine in Pakistan .
Regarding the Al Qaeda sanctuary safely nestled along the Afghan border , Obama declared :
" If we have actionable intelligence about high - value terrorist targets and President Musharraf wo n't act , we will . "
And while Republican presidential candidate John McCain in February 2008 blasted Obama 's advocacy of unilateral American attacks against Al Qaeda targets in Pakistan , by the beginning of last year the Bush administration itself was already carrying them out .
From almost the inception of his campaign , Obama argued that the diversion of U.S. military assets from Afghanistan to Iraq meant that " the people who were responsible for murdering 3,000 Americans on 9/11 have not been brought to justice . "
In a June speech , Obama highlighted McCain 's denial of this inescapable point :
" We had al Qaeda and the Taliban on the run back in 2002 .
But then we diverted military , intelligence , financial , and diplomatic resources to Iraq .
And yet Senator McCain has said as recently as this April that , ' Afghanistan is not in trouble because of our diversion to Iraq . '
I think that just shows a dangerous misjudgment of the facts , and a stubborn determination to ignore the need to finish the fight in Afghanistan . "
During a major national security address on July 15 , 2008 , candidate Obama restated his case ( see video above starting around the 17:30 mark ) :
" The greatest threat to that security lies in the tribal regions of Pakistan , where terrorists train and insurgents strike into Afghanistan .
We cannot tolerate a terrorist sanctuary , and as President , I wo n't .
We need a stronger and sustained partnership between Afghanistan , Pakistan and NATO to secure the border , to take out terrorist camps , and to crack down on cross - border insurgents .
We need more troops , more helicopters , more satellites , more Predator drones in the Afghan border region .
And we must make it clear that if Pakistan cannot or will not act , we will take out high - level terrorist targets like bin Laden if we have them in our sights . "
Throughout the summer and fall of 2008 , the Pentagon and U.S. commanders in the field made clear they agreed with both Barack Obama 's assessment of the war in Afghanistan and Pakistan and his call for deploying additional resources there .
In July , U.S. Ambassador to Iraq Ryan Crocker and American commander there ( and incoming CENTCOM chief ) General David Petraeus acknowledged Al Qaeda was shifting its focus back to Afghanistan and Pakistan .
By August , the Pentagon was backing Obama 's call to send at least two more brigades to the region , reinforcements which as he rightly noted could only come from one place .
General David McKiernan , Stanley McChrystal 's predecessor on the ground in Afghanistan , agreed with Joint Chiefs Chairman Michael Mullen that the situation along the Pakistan frontier is " precarious and urgent . "
As McKiernan himself made clear , the only " way " was to get the troops from Iraq :
Finding those particular troops to supplement the 101st , however , depends on conditions and troop levels in Iraq , adds McKiernan , who took over the NATO command in June .
" That 's really a zero- sum decision . "
In early July 2008 , Admiral Mullen admitted as much .
On the very day that 2,200 U.S Marines learned their tours in Afghanistan will be extended by 30 days , Mullen told reporters that the United States could only deploy more forces there by first drawing down from Iraq :
" I do n't have troops I can reach for , brigades I can reach , to send into Afghanistan until I have a reduced requirement in Iraq .
Afghanistan has been and remains an economy - of - force campaign , which by definition means we need more forces there . "
As President Obama stands poised to escalate the war in Afghanistan while purportedly offering an exit strategy from it , Americans can and should debate whether his is the right course for U.S. national security interests .
The list of contingencies which must go right for the U.S. to succeed - curbing corruption in the Karzai government , securing Pakistani cooperation and commitment in battling insurgents in its frontier regions and buying off Pashtun tribal warlords , just to name a few - is a very long one .
But to claim , as Michael Moore now does , that candidate Barack Obama never told his supporters he would dramatically ratchet up the American effort there is just fantasy .
( This piece also appears at Perrspectives . )
Aus Piratenwiki
Sitzung des Bundesvorstandes am 2009 - 12-03 Einwahl via NRW-Mumbleserver Bundesvorstandsraum
Uhrzeit {{ {2}}} CET oder CEST
Als Gast bitte selber stummschalten , solange man nichts sagen möchte , um unnötige Hintergrundgeräusche zu reduzieren oder die Push - to - talk - Funktion verwenden .
Ebenso sollte die Verwendung von Freisprechfunktionen vermieden werden , da diese Echos erzeugen .
Achtung : Die Vorstandssitzungen werden gestreamt und aufgezeichnet .
Der Bundesvorstand behält sich ebenfalls vor diese Aufzeichnungen ganz oder in Teilen nachträglich im Internet zu veröffentlichen !
Aufzeichnungen und Protokolle vergangener Sitzungen finden sich im Portal des Bundesvorstands .
Tagesordnung / Protokoll
TOP1 Begrüßung
Bestimmung von Versammlungsleiter und Protokollführer
Beginn : 19:00 Uhr
Versammlungsleiter : Bernd Schlömer
Protokoll : Thorsten Wirth
Feststellung der Beschlussfähigkeit
anwesend : Aaron Koenig , Andreas Popp , Bernd Schlömer , Jan Simons , Thorsten Wirth , Nicole Hornung
entschuldigt : Jens ( bin im Zug zu einem Parteitermin in München , werde versuchen per Mobiltelefon teilzunehmen , falls möglich )
Genehmigung des Protokolls der vorherigen Sitzung
2009-11-19_-_Vorstandssitzung
> Einstimmig angenommen .
aktuelle Kennzahlen
Mitgliederanzahl laut Bundesdatenbank : 11059
Kontostand : 52.365,41 H
Änderungen an der Tagesordnung
> Top 4 wird zuerst behandelt .
TOP2 Aktuelles
Zur Information ( muss nicht zwingend diskutiert werden ) : Wir haben in der Bundesgeschäftsstelle vom 4 .
Januar bis zum 27 .
März einen Praktikanten .
Es ist ein unbezahltes Praktikum , der Praktikant ist über seine Berufsschule unfallversichert , so dass der Partei erst mal keine Kosten entstehen .
Der Praktikant soll auch für die Bundespressestelle tätig werden , mit Simon ist das abgesprochen .
Wenn es von Seiten des Bundesvorstands Arbeit gibt , die ein Praktikant von hier aus erledigen kann , dann immer her damit .
Michael Ebner 17:10 3 . Dez 2009 ( CET )
Realtreffen Bundesvorstand : offizielle Einladung
Ort : Bundesgeschäftsstelle Pflugstr . 9a Berlin
Datum : 28.12.2009
Uhrzeit : 11:00 Uhr - 16:00 Uhr
Teilnehmer : Bernd Schlömer , Thorsten Wirth , Nicole Hornung , Jan Marten Simons , Andreas Popp
Verantwortlicher für die TO ist Andreas Popp
Voranmeldung bitte unter geschaeftsstelle [ - AT-] piratenpartei[ PUNKT
]de - Die Räumlichkeiten sind beschränkt .
TOP 3 Finanzen
Der Bundesvorstand möge den von mir vorgelegten Haushaltsentwurf 2010 beraten und beschließen .
Ich weise darauf hin , dass im Falle des Eintritts in die staatliche Parteienfinanzierung ein Nachtragshaushalt zu verabschieden ist .
Ich muss bei dem Haushaltsentwurf darauf aufmerksam machen , dass ich als Schatzmeister im Bundesvorstand auf keine Vorerfahrungen oder Erkenntnisse aus früheren Budgetperioden zurückgreifen kann .
Der Haushaltsentwurf ist " zero - based " .
Wir werden im Jahr 2010 wertvolle Erfahrungen sammeln können , ob einzelne Budget - Ansätze sinnvoll definiert wurden .
Es wird in jedem Fall zu Umwidmungen kommen .
Position Soll Ist Abweichung in % Einnahmen 113.100 EUR ... ... ... Anteile aus Mitgliedsbeiträgen nach Umlage ( Fn1 ) 89.000 EUR ... ... ... staatliche Mittel offen ... ... ... Zinserträge 0 EUR ... ... ... Entnahmen aus Rücklagen 0 EUR ... ... ... Spenden / Sponsoring 24.000 EUR ... ... ... sonstige Einnahmen 100 EUR ... ... ... Ausgaben 109.650 EUR ... ... ... Bundesvorstand 2.000 EUR ... ... ... Zuschüsse an PPI 4.450 EUR ... ... ... Zuschüsse an Gliederungen 0 EUR ... ... ... Zuschüsse an Junge Piraten 1.000 EUR ... ... ... Zuschüsse an Dritte 5.000 EUR ... ... ... Europawahlkampf 0 EUR ... ... ... Bundestagswahlkampf 0 EUR ... ... ... Landtagswahlkampf 15.000 EUR ... ... ... ( geändert ) Bundesparteitage 10.000 EUR ... ... ... ( geändert ) Bundesgremien 1.000 EUR ... ... ... Bundesgeschäftsstelle 18.000 EUR ... ... ... Pressearbeit 2.400 EUR ... ... ... Öffentlichkeitsarbeit 2.400 EUR ... ... ... Aktionen 2.400 EUR ... ... ... It - Mittel 10.000 EUR ... ... ... Gehälter 0 EUR ... ... ... Versicherungen 6.000 EUR ... ... ... Rücklagen Vermögensaufbau 5.000 EUR ... ... ... Rückstellungen Bundestagswahlkampf 2013 5.000 EUR ... ... ... Rückstellungen Europawahlkampf 5.000 EUR ... ... ... Rückstellungen Rechenschaftslegung 2009 15.000 EUR ... ... ... Gesamt + 3.450 EUR ... ... ...
Fn1 : Der Einnahmetitel " Mitgliedsbeiträge .... " wird rein kalkulatorisch ermittelt :
Ich gehe insgesamt von durchschnittlich 8.000 Mitgliedern im Jahr 2010 aus , die ihren Beitrag entrichten .
Von diesen zahlt lediglich die Hälfte den vollen Betrag in Höhe von 36 EUR .
Die andere Hälfte zahlt lediglich 20 EUR .
-- Bernd Schlömer 21:49 , 27 . Nov. 2009 ( CET )
> Der Bundesvorstand beschließt , dass aus der Position " Bundesparteitage " 10000 EURO an Position " Landtagswahlkampf " umgeschichtet werden .
Frage zur Position Bundesgeschäftsstelle : Beinhaltet diese Positition ausser Mieten weitere Ausgaben ?
falls ja , welche ?
Bei den Gehältern ist keine Ausgabe vorgesehen .
Wie passt das mit der Besetzung der Bundesgeschäftsstelle zusammen .
Arvid Doerwald 17:27 , 2 . Dez. 2009 ( CET )
Anmerkung zur Frage von Arvid : Nicole und Bernd haben damals von mir die Zusage bekommen , dass ich bis zu durchschnittlich 20 Stunden pro Woche unentgeltlich die Bundesgeschäftsstelle betreuen kann .
Zu dieser Zusage stehe ich nach wie vor .
In dem Maße , in dem die Partei mich bezahlen kann , kann ich länger für sie tätig sein .
Michael Ebner 17:10 3 . Dez 2009 ( CET )
TOP4 Stellungnahme des Bundesvorstands zum Minarettverbot
Der Bundesvorstand möge öffentlich Stellung zum Ergebnis des Schweizer Volksentscheides zum Verbot des Baus von Minaretten beziehen .
Begründung : Während andere Parteien in Deutschland klare Stellung zum Ergebnis des Volksentscheides bezogen haben , hat sich die Piratenpartei Deutschland bis jetzt noch nicht dazu geäußert .
Derzeit werden von vielen Menschen und Medien allein die Äußerungen von Aaron Koenig als Parteimeinung wahrgenommen .
Insbesondere möge der Vorstand Auskunft darüber geben , ob er die Meinung Koenigs teilt und sie somit offizielle Parteimeinung ist .
Aaron Koenigs Blogbeitrag : http://aaron-koenig.blogspot.com/2009/11/respekt-fur-die-schweiz.html
Artikel in der taz : http://www.taz.de/1/politik/deutschland/artikel/1/koenig-der-minarette/
-- Christopher Lauer 22:27 , 1 . Dez. 2009 ( CET )
-- fRED 23:03 , 1 . Dez. 2009 ( CET )
-- Manuel 08:39 , 2 . Dez. 2009 ( CET )
> Der Vorstand beschließt , keine Stellungnahme abzuzgeben .
Es steht jedem Vorstandsmitglied frei , eine persönliche Stellungnahme dazu abzugeben .
Ich bin gegen jegliche Stellungnahme des Bundesvorstands als solchem zu politischen Einzelthemen , die sich nicht aus unserem Programm ergeben .
Einen Kommentar zu Vorgängen in der Schweiz lehne ich ab .
Ebenso eine Bewertung privater Blogpostings von Mitgliedern .
Die Schweiz hat übrigens selbst eine Piratenpartei .
-- JensSeipenbusch
Ich möchte mich an dieser Stelle in aller Deutlichkeit von Aarons Aussagen über den Islam in seinem Blogpost " Respekt für die Schweiz “ distanzieren .
Sie strotzen von Vorurteilen und Pauschalisierungen und ich sehe darin keine sachliche Debatte über die Problematik der direkten Demokratie .
Sein Verhalten , insbesondere das „ Nachtreten “ in der Bundesvorstandssitzung , ist einem Bundesvorstand in meinen Augen nicht würdig .
-- AndiPopp 22:09 , 3 . Dez. 2009 ( CET )
TOP 4.0.1 Bitte an Aaron Koenig von seinem Amt im Bundesvorstand freiwillig zurückzutreten .
ich , Kyra Anisimov LV
Hessen , einfacher Pirat , möchte Aaron Koenig bitten sein Amt im Vorstand freiwillig niederzulegen .
Begründung siehe oben zudem der Blogeintrag zu Sarrazin , der nachträglich abgeändert wurde , daher kein direktes Zitat mehr möglich .
Beide Blogeinträge , die natürlich von einem Mitglied des Vorstands der PP anders bewertet werden , als von einem einfachen Mitglied , sind meiner Meinung nach derzeit sehr kontraproduktiv für die Piraten .
Ein Medienprofi muss das genau wissen , oder er ist keiner ( meine ganz persönliche Meinung ) .
Die Piraten im Augenblick zu diesem
Thema zu polarisieren fügt der Partei nur Schaden zu .
Religion gehört nicht zu den Kernthemen der PP und müsste erst ernsthaft aufgearbeitet werden .
Auch in Hinsicht auf die Wahl in NRW ist der gewählte Zeitpunkt für diese ungeordnete Diskussion nur schädlich für die Piraten .
Hierzu :
BY:2009 -12-01 - Erklärung zu Aaron Koenig
und
NRW:2009-12-02 - Erklärung zu Aaron Koenig
und aus Hessen
HE:Veröffentlichungen/2009-12-03_-_Offene_Gedanken_zu_Stefan_" Aaron"_Koenigs_Blogeintrag_" Respekt_für_die_Schweiz "
Da lt. BV - GO " einfache Piraten " ;) nicht Antragsberechtigt sind , stelle ich dies als Antrag pro Forma , damit das Thema auf jeden Fall behandelt wird .
ValiDOM 17:47 , 3 . Dez. 2009 ( CET )
Aaron Koenig : " Dieser Bitte werde ich nicht nachkommen , da ich in vollem Einklang mit Satzung und Programm der Piratenpartei Deutschland gehandelt habe .
Besonders wichtig ist mir dabei § 1 unserer Satzung : ' Totalitäre , diktatorische und faschistische Bestrebungen jeder Art lehnt die Piratenpartei Deutschland entschieden ab . '
Dies umfasst auch totalitäre Bestrebungen auf religiös - fundamentalistischer Basis .
Die direkte Demokratie , für die ich eintrete , ist Bestandteil des Wahlprogramms der Piraten und sollte weiterhin von der Piratenpartei als wichtiges Ziel definiert werden , auch wenn nicht jeder mit dem Ergebnis des Schweizer Volksentscheides übereinstimmt .
Als Zeichen meines guten Willens biete ich an , meine Blog - Artikel in Zukunft von der Pressestelle der Piratenpartei gegenlesen zu lassen . "
TOP 5 PAV H.P .
Antrag : Hiermit beantrage ich im Namen des Vorstandes der PIRATEN Thüringen
das umgehende Einleiten eines Parteiausschlussverfahrens beim Thüringer
Landesschiedsgericht gegen den Piraten H. P. ( Namen dem Bundesvorstand bekannt )
laut Schiedsgerichtsordnung § 7 .
Begründung : Herr P. stört vorsätzlich und beharrlich die innere Ordnung des
Landesverbandes Thüringen sowie auch anderer Teile der Partei .
Seine
Äußerungen auf den parteiinternen Medien scheinen darauf ausgerichtet zu
sein , entweder andere Piraten zu beleidigen oder den Thüringer
Landesverband zu diskreditieren und Parteiorgane in ihrer Arbeit zu
behindern .
Dabei schreckt er nicht davor zurück , alle Thüringer Piraten
persönlich anzugreifen und zu beleidigen .
Auch Moderationen auf den
Mailinglisten umgeht Herr P. wiederholt vorsätzlich , um seine
Verunglimpfungen zu verbreiten .
Des Weiteren versucht Herr P. , sein Recht ,
Anträge an den Thüringer Landesvorstand zu stellen , dafür zu benutzen , um
seine Verächtlichkeiten zu verbreiten und Zwietracht zu sähen .
Eine
sachliche politische und organisatorische Mitarbeit verweigert er
konsequent und versucht diese Haltung auf den gesamten Landesverband
auszudehnen um so die Arbeit der anderen Piraten im Landesverband
nachhaltig zu behindern .
Weder freundliche Bitten noch ein persönliches
Gespräch mit unserem Landesvorsitzenden , noch Moderation und weitere
Versuche eine tragbare Lösung zu finden , konnten ihn dazu bringen , sein
Verhalten zu verändern , sodass nur der Parteiausschluss als letztes Mittel
bleibt , um den weiteren Schaden zu begrenzen den Herr P. in unserer
Partei anrichtet und um die Arbeitsfähigkeit der PIRATEN Thüringen zu
gewährleisten .
Er verstößt vorsätzlich und wiederholt gegen die Satzung ,
z.B. gegen § 4 ( 1 ) .
Der Thüringer Landesvorstand sichert dem Bundesvorstand jegliche benötigte
Unterstützung bei diesem Parteiausschlussverfahren zu und einzelne Mitglieder
des Vorstandes bieten sich satzungsgemäß als Klagevertreter an ( siehe anderer Antrag ) .
Steffen O. 18:15 , 3 . Dez. 2009 ( CET )
Ich bitte zu klären , wer die Prozesskosten übernimmt , wenn das zu fällende Urteil des LSG TH der Revision durch ein ordentliches Gericht nicht standhält .
Michael Ebner 19:04 3 . Dez 2009 ( CET )
> Der Bundesvorstand beschließt , dem Antrag des Vorstandes des LV Thüringen statt zu geben .
- Antrag mit 4 zu 1 Stimme angenommen .
> Der Bundesvorstand beschließt ferner , dass er sich an etwaigen Kosten des Prozesses nicht beteiligt - Der Antrag ist einstimmig angenommen .
> Der Vorstand weist die Landesverbände darauf hin , ihren Satzungen die Ordnungsmaßnahme " Parteiausschluß " hinzuzufügen .
TOP 5.1 Vertretung des BV im PAV H.P .
Hiermit beantrage ich , dass der Bundesvorstand einen Thüringer Piraten als
Vertreter im Parteiausschlussverfahren gegen H.P. benennt .
Ich stelle mich
dafür gerne zur Verfügung .
-- Steffen O. 18:20 , 3 . Dez. 2009 ( CET )
> Der Bundesvorstand benennt Steffen O. als Vertreter im Parteiausschlußverfahren gegen H.P. - Der Antrag ist einstimmig angenommen .
TOP 6 Pressearbeit
Aktuelles aus der Bundespressestelle .
Kurzbericht Thorsten .
Antragsteller : zack 18:18 , 3 . Dez. 2009 ( CET )
Antrag : Der Bundesvorstand möge der Ernennung von Daniel Flachshaar zum Bundespressekoordinator zustimmen .
> Der Bundevorstand beschließt , Daniel Flachshaar bis auf Widerruf zum Bundespressekoordinator zu ernennen .
- 4 Ja 1 Enthaltung
Antrag : Der Bundesvorstand möge der Ernennung von Simon Lange zum Leiter der Bundespressestelle zustimmen .
> Der Bundevorstand beschließt , Simon Lange bis auf Widerruf zum Leiter der Bundespressestelle zu ernennen .
- Einstimmig angenommen
Begründung : Sowohl Daniel als auch Simon zeigen verantwortungsbewusstes und selbstständiges Handeln und die Pressearbeit ist aktuell sehr schnell und die Qualität ist imho stetig am Zulegen .
Die Arbeit im Presseteam macht sehr viel Spaß und es herrscht ein offenes und kreatives Klima .
Würde mich freuen wenn der Vorstand meinen Ansinnen zustimmt .
TOP 7 Bundesparteitag
Nochmalige Klarstellung wann .
Wo ?
( Bayern hat sich bereit erklärt )
> Der Stellvertretende Bundesvorsitzende Andreas Popp wird beauftragt bis zu nächsten Vorstandssitzung Ort und Zeit des nächsten BPT , festzulegen .
- Einstimmig angenommen .
Anmerkung Protokoll : Alle bislang angefragten Landesverbände werden berücksichtigt -- Bernd Schlömer 11:22 , 5 . Dez. 2009 ( CET )
TOP 8 Vertretung auf der Schweizer Parteitag
Ralph Hinterleitner bittet als DACH - Koordinator um offizielle Beauftragung ( vgl. Vorstandspostfach )
> Der Bundesvorstand gibt der Bitte von Ralph Hinterleitner statt , Reisekosten werden erstattet .
- Einstimmig angenommen .
TOP 9 Anträge und Auskünfte
Terminabstimmung BPT 2010 / LPT BaWü 2010
Antragsteller : Thomas Laubel im Namen des LV Vorstand Baden - Württemberg
Der LV Vorstand BaWü bittet den Bundesvorstand bei der Terminplanung des Bundesparteitags 2010 den Landesparteitag 2010 des LV Baden - Württemberg zu berücksichtigen .
Begründung : Auf dem LPT 2010 BaWü wird das Landeswahlprogramm zur Landtagswahl 2011 beschlossen .
Da auf dem BPT 2010 Änderungen am Parteiprogramm beschlossen werden könnten , die das Landeswahlprogramm BaWü beeinflussen / beschränken , muss zwischen BPT und LPT BaWü genügend Zeit eingeplant werden , um das Landeswahlprogramm ggf. noch anpassen zu können .
Ideal wäre ein BPT Anfang / Mitte April , damit der LV BaWü Mitte / Ende Mai seinen LPT wie geplant abhalten kann .
Für die Landtagswahl müssen in allen Wahlkreisen jeweils 150 Unterstützerunterschriften für die Wahlzulassung gesammelt werden , deswegen können wir den LPT BaWü zeitlich nicht weiter nach hinten schieben .
Status Veröffentlichung der Mitschnitte der Vorstandssitzungen
Es ist Yogi laut Eigenauskunft bisher noch nicht gelungen , sich mit Andi abzustimmen .
Ich wüsste gerne , woran es scheitert , da etliche Interesse an den Mitschnitten geäußert haben .
Arvid Doerwald 16:12 , 3 . Dez. 2009 ( CET )
Stellungnahme : Der Versuch des Hochladens der Mitschnitte im Wiki schlug fehl .
Sehe nochmaligen Diskussionsbedarf -- AndiPopp 18:54 , 3 . Dez. 2009 ( CET )
> Die Mitschnitte der Vorstandssitzungen , werden in verschlüsselten Dateien zur Verfügung gestellt .
Markus Gerstel vom LV
Bayern bekommt das Passwort zur Verteilung an die einzelnen LV zur Verfügung gestellt .
Die Vorstände verpflichten sich , dass Passwort nur Parteimitgliedern zugänglich zu machen .
- Einstimmig angenommen .
Schluß und neuer Termin
Die nächste Vorstandssitzung findet am 17.12.2009 um 19
Uhr im üblichen Konferenzraum statt .
Am 10.12.2009 um 19
Uhr findet ein Vorstandskommunikations - Treffen statt .
Bei diesem werden keine Anträge behandelt , sondern über politische Themen und Aktionen geredet .
JUNE WHITFIELD was a guest on BBC Breakfast this morning and during her interview a clip from The End Of Time was shown .
See it in the player below .
Labels : Anthony Hopkins , BBC Breakfast , Bernard Cribbins , David Tennant , end of time , end of time part 1 , is that Anthony Hopkins at the back ? , June Whitfield , The End of Time , Video
Mr. Bloomberg ’s effort this month to take Mr. Morgenthau to task was a public eruption of a feud that had long festered behind the scenes .
It is a dispute that Mr. Morgenthau has contended is all about money and that the mayor and his aides say is about transparency .
Most of the money in Mr. Morgenthau ’s accounts came from the settlement of criminal cases against corporate defendants .
Mr. Bloomberg said the city was entitled to all of the money , and Mr. Morgenthau , leaving office in January after having served in the position since 1975 , has sought to divide it between the city and the state , with a small portion going back to his office .
Mr. Post stressed that a great many of the other accounts the Finance Department found held small , even tiny , sums .
Many  indeed most of the 781 accounts associated with the Department of Education  were what one official termed “ bake sale ” accounts for the Parent Teacher Associations , “ coffee club accounts ” set up by teachers ’ groups or accounts for uniforms for sports teams .
More than 770 accounts containing $ 5.6 million were escrow accounts that held security deposits for property either leased by the city or from the city .
Mr. Morgenthau on Thursday said he was not surprised to learn of the other city unregistered accounts .
Three of his four fellow district attorneys had already acknowledged using similar vehicles to hold funds seized or paid in fines .
“ If everybody else has it , why are they picking on the D.A. ? ” he asked .
“ I felt the whole business was much ado about nothing . ”
Mr. Morgenthau has contended that the city has long known of his accounts , from which , he has said , he paid out tens of millions to the city in recent years , $ 181 million this year alone .
The Number One Article on Pixel Design What Everybody Dislikes About Pixel Design and Why Responsive design is essential because people now access the internet on a large number of devices .
In a nutshell , it is just better than what has gone before and in order to keep up with the competition , you ’ll need it …
TORONTO - Ontario is cutting out its fall report card in the latest move against marking children early and on a rigid scale of letters or numbers .
Instead , educators will be looking at new ways to evaluate students .
Ontario's decision to swap the first report card of the year for an informal progress report is part of a wider change to be unveiled formally next month .
Ontario's teachers ' unions have pushed for the elimination of the fall report card which they say comes too early in the school year for teachers to make useful judgments .
Annie Kidder , of People for Education , says she is concerned if dropping the fall report card means parents are n't kept in the loop .
The changes coming will also put a greater emphasis on learning skills rather than marks .
" Indian officials are very keen to question him about his network , but we can't because we might find out about any connections with the CIA or ISI .
They do n't want that to happen .
The Americans say ' you ask us what you want us to find out and we 'll share the information ' , " he added .
Germany : Five years since the Hartz IV labour “ reforms ”
By Dietmar Henning
31 December 2009
Five years ago , on January 1 , 2005 , the Hartz IV labour and welfare “ reforms ” took effect .
The fourth law developed by the Hartz Commission on behalf of the Social Democratic - Green Party coalition government under Chancellor Gerhard Schröder included far - reaching changes in unemployment benefits , which were merged with welfare benefits .
Since that time , an unemployed person receives Unemployment Benefit I ( ALG I ) , which is calculated on the basis of his previous salary , for only one year after losing his job .
He then receives Unemployment Benefit II ( ALG II ) .
Like other welfare benefits , its value is not based on previous income , and currently amounts to €359 per month .
Even those who have worked and paid into the unemployment insurance scheme for decades are condemned to live in poverty after being unemployed for one year .
Apart from a small exemption , any assets are taken into account when calculating the level of benefits .
Anyone who has put aside something for his old age must use this up before receiving ALG II .
Moreover , recipients of ALG II are required to “ actively pursue their integration into the labour market . ”
The rules governing what is considered a “ reasonable ” job offer were abolished .
As a result , people can be forced to accept extremely low - paying jobs that do not correspond to their qualifications , and they can be made to take jobs in far - off places .
If they refuse , they are threatened with a reduction or withdrawal of benefits .
Those responsible for the Hartz - IV “ reforms ” justified them by saying they would sharply reduce the number of unemployed .
This has not happened .
The Nuremberg Institute for Employment Research ( IAB ) of the Federal Employment Agency ( BA ) , which regularly reviews the Hartz measures , has reported a “ cautious positive balance sheet ” of the Hartz - IV regulations .
It said that the “ trend ” indicated that the objectives of the labour market reforms had been achieved .
But IAB Director Joachim Möller admitted there were major problems , as in the case of the long - term unemployed .
After years of receiving ALG II , only a relatively few return to a normal working life .
Getting off Hartz IV benefits was “ relatively rare , ” wrote the authors of the study .
They also came to the conclusion that the means utilized by the employment officers were often inadequate to resolve the problems of unemployment .
Representatives of the trade unions and charities say that the Hartz IV rules have failed .
In an interview with the Thüringer Allgemeine Zeitung , Welfare Association chief Ulrich Schneider said : “ Five years after the Hartz IV reforms , it has not been possible to significantly reduce the number of people affected . ”
For example , the number of ALG II recipients capable of work has remained constant since the introduction of the “ reforms ” in 2005 .
According to assessments by the Welfare Association , in April 2009 , the number of Hartz IV recipients capable of work stood at approximately 4.93 million .
In September 2005 , the number of unemployed capable of work was around 5.15 million .
The association also reports constant numbers for children who are dependent on Hartz IV welfare benefits .
In September 2005 , 1.78 million children under 14 were dependent on Hartz IV ; in April 2009 and thereafter there were about 1.74 million .
About half of ALG II recipients receive welfare benefits for more than three years .
“ Those receiving Hartz IV lack any perspective [ for the future ] .
This is the conclusion that we must consider , ” said Schneider .
However , the Hartz IV measures can be said to have “ failed ” only if one assumes that they are actually directed against unemployment .
In fact , like the other elements of “ Agenda 2010 , ” they are aimed at a different target .
The SPD - Green government designed and used them as a lever to increase the pressure on the unemployed , break up the system of collective bargaining , under which German workers previously received relatively high wages , and create a huge low - wage sector .
In terms of its real , class aims , Hartz IV has proven highly successful .
Since Hartz IV requires the long - term unemployed to accept any job , it serves to slash wages overall .
Real wages are back to their level of the mid-1980s — 25 years ago .
Millions work at jobs that that do not pay enough to enable them to support themselves , let alone a family .
Some 9 million people hold part - time jobs , and 7 million hold so - called “ mini- jobs , ” which provide a maximum monthly income of €400 .
Over 300,000 people are forced by the authorities into “ one - euro jobs , ” which pay an hourly rate of € 1 in addition to ALG II benefits .
Temporary employment has risen sharply in recent years .
Up to one million people are subject to this modern form of slave labour at one time or another .
They have been the first to be dismissed as a result of the international economic crisis , so that their numbers currently amount to only half of what they were previously .
Low wages in Germany are widespread , as shown by a study by the Institute of Labour and Qualification ( IAQ ) of the University of Duisburg - Essen , published at the beginning of July .
Some 6.5 million people — more than one in five employees — work for hourly wages of € 9.62 in western Germany and € 7.18 in eastern Germany .
This is the low - pay limit as identified and accepted by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ) .
One in three low - wage earners works for less than € 6 gross pay per hour ; 1.2 million for less than € 5 .
Even full - time employees are not protected from low hourly wages .
Despite working full time , almost one quarter of workers in the low - wage sector earn less than € 800 gross per month .
Some 1.3 million receive additional Hartz IV benefits to bring them up to the minimum subsistence level .
The introduction of Hartz IV and the spread of the low - wage sector have had a direct impact on industries which previously paid relatively high wages .
Workers at auto manufacturer
Opel could tell a tale or two .
Their wages , which ten years ago were about 30 percent above the general rate for the metal and electrical industries , are now considerably lower .
Provisions agreed by the unions in many collective bargaining agreements allow companies to introduce contract variations on a factory - by - factory basis .
Millions of workers receive less than what was agreed in the industry contract .
Fewer and fewer companies are bound by such industry - wide contracts .
They are not covered by the minimum conditions stipulated in the agreements struck by the unions and employers ’ associations .
This now applies to more than 30 percent of companies , and is particularly the case in the east , where only one in four is covered by collective agreements .
Thus , despite nominal increases in contract wage rates , real wages fell again this year by 1.2 percent in the spring quarter of 2009 alone .
The criticisms by the German Trade Union Confederation ( DGB ) of the Hartz IV reforms are utterly hypocritical .
DGB board member Annelie Buntenbach ( Green Party ) has called for a loosening of the rules defining what constitutes a “ reasonable ” job offer and a softening of the sanctions applied to the unemployed .
She has also called for the introduction of a comprehensive minimum wage of € 7.50 per hour .
The Hartz reforms have opened the door to “ wage dumping , ” she said , adding , “ The unemployed must accept almost any type of job , no matter how poorly paid . ”
Such complaints are entirely cynical .
Union representatives sat alongside representatives of big business and the federal government in the commission , named after the chairman , Peter Hartz , who drafted the “ reforms . ”
Moreover , as chairman of the board of the Federal Employment Agency , Buntenbach is responsible for the implementation of the Hartz measures .
The thrust of the Hartz IV measures has never been a secret .
Over several months in the summer of 2004 , tens of thousands demonstrated against them .
The unions refused to participate in these protests .
The Greens were part of the federal government and supported Chancellor Schröder , who said he would not bow to “ the street . ”
Even today , all of the parliamentary parties support Hartz IV , although some try to hide their responsibility with calls for cosmetic changes .
For example , just in time for Christmas , Gerald Weiss , deputy chairman of the Christian Democratic Employees Association ( CDA ) , suggested that Hartz IV recipients should be paid a Christmas bonus .
“ A small Christmas grant would mean Hartz IV recipients could face Christmas more confidently , ” he told the Bild newspaper .
This proposal is likely to be forgotten until next Christmas .
Just before Christmas , Social Democratic Party ( SPD ) leader Sigmar Gabriel called for those who had paid unemployment insurance contributions for many years to receive a higher level of support .
This would favour not only the unemployed , but also the companies .
“ They have been grumbling for a long time that they are no longer able to let their elderly people go as easily as before , ” writes Spiegel Online in an editorial comment .
If Gabriel succeeds , the “ early retirement policy of the 1980s and 1990s would be revived , ” the journal notes .
The current Christian Democratic - Free Democratic coalition government wants the long - term unemployed to part with more of their assets .
Protests against Hartz IV significantly contributed to the emergence of the Left Party .
Oskar Lafontaine and other veteran SPD and Party of Democratic Socialism ( PDS ) politicians considered the protests a warning sign that a movement could develop outside the control of the unions and the SPD .
They placed themselves at the head of the protests in order to defuse them .
Today , the Left Party no longer calls for the abolition of the Hartz laws , but only for an increase in benefit levels .
How things might develop is shown by the proposal of the economist Wolfgang Franz , who has proposed cutting Unemployment Benefit II from €359 to just over € 250 a month .
He relies on a model for the development of Hartz IV submitted to the federal government by the Council of Experts for the Assessment of Economic Development , headed by himself .
The core of this new reform is a “ lowering of the standard benefit rate by 30 percent . ”
Two years ago , Franz called for hourly wages of less than € 3 .
That would be the best way to create jobs , he claimed .
This just in : Manhattan federal judge Jed Rakoff has rejected the proposed $ 33 million settlement between the Bank of America and the SEC .
The SEC had alleged that BofA " materially lied " in shareholder communications last year about bonuses to Merrill Lynch employees .
Click here for the early WSJ story ; here for Rakoff 's ruling ; here , here , here , here , and here for earlier LB posts .
The SEC and Bank of America had sought the judge 's approval of a consent decree to resolve charges that the bank concealed an agreement to pay ...
“ Facts are stubborn things ; and whatever may be our wishes , our inclinations , or the dictates of our passions , they cannot alter the state of facts and evidence … ”
- John Adams
“ Every man , wherever he goes , is encompassed by a cloud of comforting convictions , which move with him like flies on a summer day . ”
- Bertrand Russell
“ Are you now , or have you ever been , a member of the Fascist Party ? ”
- Senator Joseph McCarthy ( paraphrase )
Roughly fourteen years ago , I created a very minor stir in the anarchist milieu in North America with an “ Open Letter to the Anarchist Movement ” that was printed in some of the leading anarchist publications of the day : Ideas and Action , Fifth Estate , Anarchy : A Journal of Desire Armed and others .
That article strongly criticized the then - nascent anarchist tabloid “ Love and Rage ” and argued that an authoritarian presence was taking root in the anarchist movement as a result of the influx of refugees from authoritarian tendencies within the New Left including ex-Trotskyists , ex-Maoists , ex-Weatherpeople and others .
I argued that the modern anarchist movement was in the process of abandoning classical anarchist values such a mutual aid , voluntary association , individual autonomy , decentralization , secession and tolerance in favor of welfare statism , identity politics , race - baiting and race - hatred , misanthropic variations of “ environmentalism ” and cultural Marxism .
I no longer have a copy of that article , but readers who have access to back issues of anarchist publications from the late ’ 89 / early ’ 90 period may be able to locate it .
Now I return with another “ Open Letter ” .
I recently came across a rather crude and semi-literate web site called Anti-Fascism .
Org where I found I had been categorized as one of the great fascist writers of the post - WWII era .
Some of my more recent articles and the platform of my organization , American Revolutionary Vanguard , were classified as leading documents of contemporary fascism .
This scenario from the Theatre of the Absurd continues a trend that has been developing in the past few years whereby a certain number of monumentally ignorant people within the anarchist milieu , chief among them “ Reverend Chucko ” Munson of Infoshop .
Org , have attempted to defame me with the antiquated slur , favored left - wing epithet and broad brush libel of “ fascist ” .
Some have even gone so far as to hurl death threats in my direction .
Ordinarily , I would ignore such petulance and childishness .
I was once a teenager incarcerated in a maximum security facility with multiple murderers and child rapists .
I used to hang with the Pagans and Hell ’s Angels .
Some of my closest friends have been life - long members of the urban gang culture .
I care nothing for throwaways from exurbia who think they are doing their part to bring down the System by renouncing deoderant , gorging themselves with tofu and calling their bourgeois parents Nazis for voting Republican .
It is for two purposes that I reluctantly write this piece .
One is my horror at the desecration of the legacy of classical anarchism being purveyed by many in the so - called “ anarchist ” movement of today .
Anarchism was an ideological system created by some of history ’s greatest thinkers - William Godwin , Pierre Joseph Proudhon , Mikhail Bakunin and Peter Kropotkin .
Anarchism is the logical heir to the revolutionary liberal movements of the Enlightenment .
Past generations of anarchists have endured murder , torture , imprisonment , exile and ridicule for the very basic rights that people in modern societies take for granted like free speech and the freedom of workers to organize unions .
Anarchists were once a fierce revolutionary movement that struck terror in the hearts of despots worldwide .
The valiant anarchists of Spain fought a two - front war against the twin totalitarianisms of Fascism and Communism and , in the midst of a war , carried out economic experiments that might still prove to be a prototype for the liberation of working people from the modern manorial system of corporatism .
It is sickening to see such a noble past being defiled by the nutjobs , freaks , dysfunctional personalities , punks , brats , crackpots , thugs , crybabies , mediocrities , Peter Pans , cultists , ignoramuses , sociopaths , reactionaries , authoritarians , totalitarians , Communist dupes , left - wing fascists , liberal butt - lickers , tree - huggers , intellectual incompetents and stooges for the left - wing of state - capitalism that comprise the bulk of today ’s “ anarchist ” movement .
Second , there are indeed honorable and decent people in the contemporary anarchist milieu who engage in much self - sacrifice for their ideals .
I know a young man and young woman from the anarchist scene in my own community who not long ago put themselves on the line by traveling to the Zionist - Fascist state of Israel to work on behalf of the beleagured Palestinian people .
People whom they do not know and who have never heard of them .
They could have very well ended up like Rachel Corrie .
This same young woman recently endured arrest at the hands of my city ’s stormtrooper police force for protesting the current murderous US assault on the people of Iraq .
There are other anarchists in my community who have engaged in direct confrontation with the police and openly defied the notoriously corrupt municipal government on behalf of people whom most others would never give a second thought - the homeless , the poor , the mentally ill , alcoholics , drug addicts and others .
Some have engaged in candlelight vigils outside the jail on behalf on drug war prisoners and distributed copies of my anti-police state pamphlets to the families of inmates .
Some have gone to city council meetings and attacked the city government for its destructive policies towards the community ’s most disadvantaged neighborhoods .
Some will gladly work long hours with no pay distributing food to the local poor .
One very astute fellow from the local anarchist scene tells me he believes the local anarchist movement is much superior to that of other cities .
I suspect he is correct .
Yet I have no doubt that there are anarchists of similar dedication in other places .
It is to these people that I address the bulk of my comments here .
Am I now , or have I ever been , a fascist ?
In a word , no .
I have been instinctively anti-authoritarian all of my life and anti-statist for all of my political life .
I was involved in the anti-apartheid and anti-Central American war movements in the 1980s .
I support self - determination for blacks and other captive nationalities within the US .
I have met Lorenzo Komboa Erving and agree with the general outlook of his book “ Anarchism and the Black Revolution ” .
I favor the creation of self - defense organizations for the homeless , drug addicts , prostitutes , runaway kids and other street populations .
I favor prisoner organizing and the eventual elimination of prisons .
The majority of my current political interests involve opposition to US imperialism abroad and creeping police statism domestically .
I also favor cooperatives , anarcho - syndicalist unions and worker - run industries as an antidote to state - capitalism .
I have no beef with sexual minorities and favor the full participation of women on an equitable basis in the struggle against the System .
Most of the people reading this will know me primarily from my web site Attackthesystem .
Com .
I invite you to read my articles on the Commentary page .
From these you can get a very thorough look at my actual beliefs , background , objectives , etc .
Those with questions , disagreements or concerns are invited to contact me for personal discussion or debate .
My home phone number , e-mail address and postal address are provided on my Contact page .
I ask or expect nothing other than civility and a fair hearing for my point of view .
What are my motivations and ambitions ?
Simply put , I believe the United States is rapidly degenerating into a full blown fascist country domestically under the guise of the wars on terrorism , drugs , crime , et.al .
and developing an international empire comparable to that of Britain of two hundred years ago or Rome of two thousand years ago in both its breadth and its vileness .
Over the years , I have noticed that there are reasonable and thoughtful people from across the political and cultural spectrum who recognize these problems and have many similar ideas on how to combat them .
My current project , American Revolutionary Vanguard , has as its principal aim the establishment of a decentralized alliance against the US ruling class that transcends traditional ideological , cultural or national boundaries .
Anarchists , properly defined , are uniquely qualified to serve as the leadership corps of such an alliance .
We have what other tendencies do not - a complete rejection of the institution of the state and any sort of legitimacy it may claim for itself .
Our venerable traditions of decentralization , voluntary association , free federation , autonomy , individualism , community , mutual aid , solidarity and the like provide us with the tools necessary to accommodate the political and cultural diversity likely to be found in an authentically revolutionary movement within the US .
During the course of the current crisis , we have seen resistance movements develop at the grassroots level at an unprecedented pace .
Individual cities , towns and regions have issued resolutions condemning US aggression against Iraq and expanding internal repression in the form of the USA PATRIOT Act .
The course of the Iraq war thus far has exposed the claims of the Big Oil - Israeli - Fundamentalist cabal controlling the foreign policy of the US for the farce that they are .
Meanwhile , egg - faced charlatans like Donald Rumsfeld have been hinting at the expansion of the war to other nations like Iran and Syria .
The emergence of large - scale discontent and resistance to the regime is now a very real possibility .
Anarchists may soon find themselves looking a gift horse in the mouth .
Right now , we need to work to develop an anarchist movement of intellectually competent and ethically solid persons that advances an agenda appropriate to the current situation at hand .
What would such an agenda involve ?
First , we need to develop a critique of the current crisis and arguments for ending the war that are coherent and understandable to most people .
The bourgeios liberals , commie cults and anarcho - nihlists that comprise the base of the antiwar movement are unqualified in this area .
Instead , we need to look to scholars and commentators on the antiwar right who have actually developed such arguments .
These include Justin Raimondo , Eric Margolis , Charley Reese , Patrick Buchanan , Lew Rockwell , Taki Theodoracopulos , Joseph Stromberg , Paul Craig Roberts and others .
The works of these writers and others can be found at sites like antiwar.com , lewrockwell.com and amconmag.com .
We can combine the critique of these analysts with that of competent left - wing commentators like Howard Zinn , Alexander Cockburn , Noam Chomsky and Gore Vidal .
Second , there needs to be peaceful and , as much as possible , legal demonstrations against the US regime .
Forget about foolishness like blockading traffic , throwing rocks , etc .
This only alienates more moderate or mainstream persons and invites increased repression .
Local resolutions condemning the actions of the regime cannot be supported strongly enough .
We should rally behind local leaders who advance such resolutions .
We also need to reach out to US military personnel who may have doubts about the war and , where possible , encourage disobedience , desertion or mutiny .
Virtually all religious denominations in the US , excepting Zionist Jews and pro-Israel dispensationalist Christians , oppose the war .
With this in mind , churches and mosques may be a source of grassroots opposition to the government ’s actions .
The primary task that anarchists should currently devote themselves to is the development of an infrastructure that could potentially replace the US regime as its credibility diminishes .
A revolution similar to those that occurred behind the Iron Curtain at the end of the Cold War is what I have in mind .
This best strategy for achieving this end would be the emergence of secessionist movements at the local level .
This is what is most compatible with American history and political and cultural traditions .
This is also what is most consistent with the manner in which the resistance movement has evolved thus far .
Individual cities , towns , communities and regions should simply declare themselves independent of the US regime , abrogate the laws and committments of the regime and form a confederation for the purpose of mutual defense against central power .
The militia movement of the 1990s was on the right track in this regard .
An essential lesson of the Iraq war is that even the US military machine , with its unprecedented power , is vulnerable to guerrilla warfare waged by decentralized militia and paramilitary forces .
What should replace the US regime when it collapses ?
For practical purposes , we might look to Norman Mailer ’s 1969 campaign for mayor of New York City .
Says Mailer :
“ I ran for mayor of New York in the hope that a Left - Right coalition could be formed and this Left - Right pincers could make a dent in the entrenched power in the center .
The best to be said for that campaign is that it had its charm .
I am not so certain , however , that this idea must remain eternally without wings .
It may yet take an alchemy of the Left and Right to confound the corporate center .
Our notion was built on the premise that we did not really know the elements of a good , viable society .
We all had our differing ideals , morals , and political ethics , but rarely found a way to practice them directly .
So , we called for Power to the Neighborhoods .
We suggested that New York City become a state itself , the fifty - first .
Its citizens would then have the power to create a variety of new neighborhoods , new townships , all built on separate concepts , core neighborhoods founded on one or another of our cherished notions from the Left or the Right .
One could have egalitarian towns and privileged places , or , for those who did not wish to be bothered with living in so detailed ( and demanding ) a society , there would be the more familiar and old way of doing things - the City of the State of New York - a government for those who did not care - just like old times . ”
Would such a system be “ true ” anarchism ?
Obviously not .
Would this be an enormous step in the right direction ?
Hell , yes !
As the British publication “ Voice of the Resistance ” puts it :
“ Consider the ancient Greek polis or city state .
Here was an institution that truly allowed for diversity of government .
Although no overarching state structure existed , a variety of communities thrived across ancient Greece , often with very different systems of government ranging from the quasi- democracies of Athens to the more communistic regimes of Sparta .
It is not too difficult to envisage an adapted form of such a system as an alternative to the American imperialism of the modern age .
This , surely , must be anarchism at its most practicable and useful . ”
Precisely .
Let those who prefer anarcho- syndicalism or anarcho - communism or anarcho - capitalism do as they wish .
Let Christians , Muslims , Jews or racial separatists , whatever their race , have their own communities .
Let those who wish to live by the US Constitution , the Magna Carta , the Articles of Confederation , the Confederate Constitution or old English common law have their own sovereign townships .
Let anarchists of all stripes
form communities based on the teachings of Proudhon , Santillan , Bookchin , Chomsky , Zerzan or Rothbard , depending on whose version of anarchy they prefer .
Let those who want Communism or municipal socialism go their own way .
Let those who want to worship David Koresh or the Rev. Moon as the messiah do so .
Let urban gangs run their own turf .
Let drug dealers and prostitutes form red light districts similar to those found in Europe .
Let even those who are so foolish as to wish to keep the present system do as they wish to themselves so as long as they do n’t inflict themselves on the rest of us .
The struggle against the state is now an international struggle .
There is really only one government nowadays and that is the imperial empire of the US ruling class and their junior partners in Britain , Israel and the EU .
Let us struggle for self - determination for all cultures regardless of their beliefs .
“ Voice of the Resistance ” continues :
“ The alternative to the imperialism of America and the New World Order is not some different and new form of imperialism - it is not some other globalizing dogma , to be imposed at gun point upon the world .
The alternative is the creation of a new and beautiful world of a million different communities and homelands , each seeking its own destiny in its own way .
Let communist homelands flourish alongside racial nationalist homelands !
Let Islamic homelands live in peace with Christian homelands !
And let them all unite in the principled struggle against the bland and murderous American capitalist neoliberal imperialim that threatens to destroy so much that is noble and good . ”
Certainly , such a system would be the ultimate in tolerance , diversity , inclusivity and multiculturalism .
These are , of course , the values that should be the essence of an authentic anarchism .
A while back , I met a young woman from Portugal who told me that at one point in her life she had been hanging out with neo - nazi skinheads and then , at a later point , started hanging out with “ anarchists ” and along the way noticed that the two groups were largely interchangeable in the degree of their intolerance and dogmatism .
Is this what anarchists should aspire to ?
I have nothing but the utmost respect for those anarchists who are putting themselves on the line in a genuine fight against the System .
But I want nothing to do with those anarcho - losers for whom “ anarchy ” is simply a world where they actually have friends , get laid and do n’t get beaten up for their lunch money .
I suggest that every anarchist reading this ask themselves this question :
Would you want to go into battle during a revolutionary civil war , such as that fought by the anarchists of Spain , with the likes of Chuck Munson or any of the other raving , incoherent nut cases who post to the typical anarchist discussion list at your side ?
I did n’t think so .
We need an anarchist movement that emphasizes quality over quantity .
Many of those currently in the movement are a liability .
Let them go join the RCP or some other loser outfit .
Meanwhile , let the rest of us take anarchy to a whole new level .
Death to the State !
Death to the US Empire !
Above all , Death to Cultic - Leftoid Anarcho - Totalitarianism !
And for those readers who are by now calling me a Nazi , remember that no one ever fantasized about being sexually ravaged by someone dressed as a leftist !
Last night , I e-mailed my editors at Macworld excitedly : “ NES emulator for iPhone !
Approved by Apple !
Let me write this up ! ”
My editors responded quickly .
“ Lex , ” they said , “ do n’t use so many stinking exclamation points . ”
But yes , I could cover the story .
Thus empowered , I hurriedly set to work learning everything I could about Nescaline .
I discovered that Nescaline cost $ 5 in the App Store , and could play any valid .NES image file , including so - called “ homebrew ” games ( five of which were included with the app ) .
Nescaline ’s developer had thought of everything :
You could tap on objects to simulate firing upon them with the Light Gun ; you could use a multitouch virtual controller ; you could enter Game Genie cheat codes …
I quickly realized that my Nescaline story , like the Nescaline app itself , would prove massively popular .
And then I went to sleep .
Forgive me , but I wanted to be well - rested when I wrote this sure - to - be epic story .
Then I woke up .
I woke up not just in the literal sense , but also figuratively : I woke up to a world where Apple realized what it had done , and quickly pulled the plug .
If you try to look up Nescaline in the App Store now , you ’ll only encounter an error message .
So while visions of Bullet Bill and Koopas danced in my head , it seemed that lawyers or hardliners had danced as well — on Nescaline ’s grave .
According to developer Jonathan Zdziarski’s blog , Apple initially removed the app without explanation .
Jonathan claims on his blog that an Apple rep did call him today , indicating that “ Nescaline was removed because it was an emulator , ” which does n’t really jibe since a variety of other emulators are sold in the store .
Whether Apple will reinstate Nescaline in the App Store , or whether the company will clarify why it was removed in the first place , is a bigger mystery today than the origins of the Konami Code .
In the meantime , folks with jailbroken iPhones can still grab NESv3 from Cydia , as long as they do n’t mind incurring the wrath of Steve Jobs .
THE FACTS
With its bounty of antioxidants and relatively moderate levels of caffeine , tea is one of the healthiest beverages around .
But drinking tea is said to block the body ’s absorption of dietary iron , potentially causing a deficiency .
Studies have shown that there is some truth to the idea .
Compounds in tea called tannins can act as chelators , binding to minerals and inhibiting the body ’s ability to absorb them .
Although that can reduce a person ’s levels of iron , studies have also found that it is unlikely to have much of an impact .
Image Credit ... Leif Parsons
In one study , scientists examined the effect by having people eat a typical meal  a hamburger , string beans and mashed potatoes  and then measuring their iron levels after the meal was combined with various drinks .
When the subjects ate the meal with tea , there was a 62 percent reduction in iron absorption .
Drinking coffee resulted in a 35 percent reduction .
Orange juice increased iron absorption by about 85 percent .
According to the World Bank , Japan 's annual output was the equivalent of $ 4.9 trillion last year , but it is expected to shrink by 6.6 pc this year .
Meanwhile , Chinese officials project that its economy will grow by more than 8 pc this year .
It means it is likely that China became a larger economy than Japan some time in the second half of this year .
Experienced and Caring Representation
At the Crawford Law Office , we have been representing working people in Lincoln and throughout Nebraska since 1986 .
Whether your case involves an injury that took place at work or outside of work , you will find that our caring representation is designed to help you get the compensation you need to move forward with your life .
Representation From a Dedicated Attorney
Our law firm features representation from attorney Dennis P. Crawford .
He will handle your case from start to finish .
He will be there to answer your questions and address your concerns , no matter when they arise .
You will never have to worry about who is on your case .
You will never find that your case has been handed off to a new member of the team .
You will have the peace of mind that comes with knowing that your case is being handled by an experienced lawyer every step of the way .
Our experienced and caring representation is available in personal injury cases ranging from car accidents to slip and falls , as well as in workers ’ compensation cases for injured truck drivers and all other workers who have been injured on the job .
No Fees Unless We Get Results
All of our cases are handled on a contingency basis .
You do n’t have to pay any fees unless we get results for you .
The Consultation is Free
Do you want to discuss your personal injury or workers ’ comp case with a lawyer who will answer your questions in plain English , and not legalese ?
Contact us to schedule a free consultation .
With E. Kinney Zalesne
This is the season for traditions : chestnuts roasting on an open fire , carolers on the doorstep , and the endless argument about the secularization of Christmas .
This is n't the usual complaining about the toy and greeting card companies commercializing the holidays , but a much broader trend involving the secularization of religion around the country .
We ...
Last month , the Pew Research Center released its latest poll of public attitudes on global warming .
On its face , the news was not good : Belief that global warming is occurring had declined from 71 percent in April of 2008 to 56 percent in October — an astonishing drop in just 18 months .
The belief that global warming is human - caused declined from 47 percent to 36 percent .
While some pollsters questioned these numbers , the Pew statistics are consistent with the findings by Gallup in March that public concern about global warming had declined , that the number of Americans who believed that news about global warming was exaggerated had increased , and that the number of Americans who believed that the effects of global warming had already begun had declined .
The reasons offered for these declines are as varied as opinion about climate change itself .
Skeptics say the gig is up : Americans have finally figured out that global warming is a hoax .
Climate activists blame skeptics for sowing doubts about climate science .
Pew 's Andrew Kohut , who conducted the survey , says it 's ( mostly ) the economy , stupid .
And some folks have concluded that Americans , with our high levels of disbelief in evolution , are just too stupid or too anti-science to sort it all out .
The truth is both simpler and more complicated .
It is simpler in the sense that most Americans just are n't paying a whole lot of attention .
Between
Why have Americans been supportive of action to address climate change yet so weakly committed ?
being asked about things like whether they would provide CPR to save the life of a pet ( most pet owners say yes ) or whether they would allow their child to be given the swine flu vaccine ( a third of parents say no ) , pollsters occasionally get around to asking Americans what they think about global warming .
When they do , Americans find a variety of ways to tell us that they do n't think about it very much at all .
Three years after it seemed that " An Inconvenient Truth " had changed everything , it turns out that it did n't .
The current Pew survey is the latest in a series of studies suggesting that Al Gore probably had a good deal more effect upon elite opinion than public opinion .
Public opinion about global warming , it turns out , has been remarkably stable for the better part of two decades , despite the recent decline in expressed public confidence in climate science .
Roughly two - thirds of Americans have consistently told pollsters that global warming is occurring .
By about the same majority , most Americans agree that global warming is at least in part human - caused , with this majority roughly equally divided between those believing that warming is entirely caused by humans and those who believe it to be a combination of human and natural causes .
And about the same two - thirds majority has consistently supported government action to reduce greenhouse gas emissions since 1989 .
This would be good news for action to address climate change if most Americans felt very strongly about the subject .
Unfortunately , they do n't .
Looking back over 20 years , only about 35 to 40 percent of the U.S. public worry about global warming " a great deal , " and only about one - third consider it a " serious personal threat . "
Moreover , when asked in open - ended formats to name the most serious problems facing the country , virtually no Americans volunteer global warming .
Even other environmental problems , such as air and water pollution , are often rated higher priorities by U.S. voters than global warming , which is less visible and is experienced less personally than many other problems .
What is arguably most remarkable about U.S. public opinion on global warming has been both its stability and its inelasticity in response to new developments , greater scientific understanding of the problem , and greater attention from both the media and politicians .
Public opinion about global
The lesson would appear to be that apocalyptic threats are unlikely to become priority concerns .
warming has remained largely unchanged through periods of intensive media attention and periods of neglect , good economic times and bad , the relatively activist Clinton years and the skeptical Bush years .
And majorities of Americans have , at least in principle , consistently supported government action to do something about global warming even if they were not entirely sold that the science was settled , suggesting that public understanding and acceptance of climate science may not be a precondition for supporting action to reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
The more complicated questions have to do with why .
Why have Americans been so consistently supportive of action to address climate change yet so weakly committed ?
Why has two decades of education and advocacy about climate change had so little discernible impact on public opinion ?
And why , at the height of media coverage and publicity about global warming in the years after the release of Gore 's movie , did confidence in climate science actually appear to decline ?
Political psychology can help us answer these questions .
First , climate change seems tailor - made to be a low priority for most people .
The threat is distant in both time and space .
It is difficult to visualize .
And it is difficult to identify a clearly defined enemy .
Coal executives may deny that global warming exists , but at the end of the day they 're just in it for a buck , not hiding in caves in Pakistan plotting new and exotic ways to kill us .
Second , the dominant climate change solutions run up against established ideologies and identities .
Consider the psychological concept of " system justification . "
System justification theory builds upon earlier work on ego justification and group justification to suggest that many people have a psychological need to maintain a positive view of the existing social order , whatever it may be .
This need manifests itself , not surprisingly , in the strong tendency to perceive existing social relations as fair , legitimate , and desirable , even in contexts in which those relations substantively disadvantage the person involved .
Many observers have suggested that Gore 's leading role in the global warming debate has had much to do with the rising partisan polarization around the issue .
And while this almost certainly has played a part , it is worth considering that there may be other significant psychological dynamics at play as well .
Dr. John Jost , a leading political psychologist at New York University , recently demonstrated that much of the partisan divide on global warming can be explained by system justification theory .
Calls for economic sacrifice , major changes to our lifestyles , and the immorality of continuing " business as usual " — such as going on about the business of our daily lives in the face of looming ecological catastrophe — are almost tailor - made to trigger system justification among a substantial number of Americans .
Combine these two psychological phenomena — a low sense of imminent threat ( what psychologists call low - threat salience ) and system justification — and what you get is public opinion that is highly resistant to education or persuasion .
Most Americans are n't alarmed enough to pay much attention ,
Americans typically give less credit to expert opinion than do the educated elites .
and efforts to raise the volume simply trigger system - justifying responses .
The lesson of recent years would appear to be that apocalyptic threats — when their impacts are relatively far off in the future , difficult to imagine or visualize , and emanate from everyday activities , not an external and hostile source — are not easily acknowledged and are unlikely to become priority concerns for most people .
In fact , the louder and more alarmed climate advocates become in these efforts , the more they polarize the issue , driving away a conservative or moderate for every liberal they recruit to the cause .
These same efforts to increase salience through offering increasingly dire prognosis about the fate of the planet ( and humanity ) have also probably undermined public confidence in climate science .
Rather than galvanizing public demand for difficult and far - reaching action , apocalyptic visions of global warming disaster have led many Americans to question the science .
Having been told that climate science demands that we fundamentally change our way of life , many Americans have , not surprisingly , concluded that the problem is not with their lifestyles but with what they 've been told about the science .
And in this they are not entirely wrong , insofar as some prominent climate advocates , in their zeal to promote action , have made representations about the state of climate science that go well beyond any established scientific consensus on the subject , hyping the most dire scenarios and most extreme recent studies , which are often at odds with the consensus of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change .
• This article was shared by our content partner Yale Environment 360 , part of the Guardian Environment Network
Getting temporary Christmastime work used to be easy for anyone .
Now if you want a nice shop job for a couple months , you 're competing against laid off stock brokers and former small business owners .
Good luck .
----
By Christopher Leonard and Mae Anderson , AP Business Writers
AP : Mara Proctor used to design limestone hearths and columns for luxury homes near Kansas City , drawing on her college education and six years of training .
These days , she 's leading customers around a store that sells sculptured snowmen and Santa figurines .
It is n't by choice .
Until a few weeks ago , Proctor was among the record 5.9 million Americans who have been jobless for at least six months .
Now she belongs to a subset of that group :
Out - of - work professionals and managers , engineers and teachers who have turned , in desperation , to holiday - season jobs as sales clerks .
Retailers report a surge in applications this year from professionals who had never applied for such jobs before .
" You 'll find Wall Street stock brokers and small business owners trying to find temporary retail jobs during the holidays , " said Ellen Davis , vice president of the National Retail Federation .
The pay is low , the jobs temporary .
And the work is hardly equal to their experience or expertise .
Yet the nation 's unemployment crisis left these people jobless so much longer than they 'd expected that many count themselves fortunate to have anything .
Laid off eight months ago , Proctor said she figured , " OK , I 'll do the unemployment thing for a couple of weeks and get a new job . "
" It was very naive , " she said .
" You start calling all your contacts , and you find out they 're all laid off , too , so your contacts list does n't mean anything . "
In a bleak labor market , holiday - season hiring has meant at least a respite for many long - term unemployed .
Not that it 's easy to land even these jobs .
Most retailers have cut back .
And overall in the economy , six applicants , on average , are competing for each opening -- compared with just 1.7 workers per opening when the recession began in December 2007 .
For the stores , though , the availability of clerks with experience managing or working effectively with co-workers is a luxury .
They 've been able to cull the excellent from the merely qualified .
" It enables us to be somewhat more selective and hire a higher - caliber " clerk , said Glenn Album , vice president of human resources at Toys R Us .
Album said the company this year has hired , among others , former teachers and an accountant .
" What 's great with the higher - caliber team members is there is much , much better service in the store , " he said .
On a cold morning before Thanksgiving , Proctor jangled a set of keys and opened the Sticks boutique for business at the Country Club Plaza shopping district in Kansas City .
When she was laid off in March , the notion of a retail job did n't even cross her mind .
At 32 , she had spent six years hopping easily from job to job in the home - design business , seeking out higher responsibilities and pay with each move .
Last year , she worked for a contractor , using computer drafting programs to draw floor plans .
After her layoff , she thought she'd be marketable .
But the market had collapsed .
By late summer , Proctor had burned through much of her personal savings .
She leapt at the chance to work temporarily as manager of a Sticks location , selling handmade wooden sculptures .
Still , the job lasts only until Jan .
6 . After that , she 'll be unemployed again .
Retailers pay their sales clerks an average of about $ 13 an hour , the government estimates .
Proctor declined to say how much she 's paid , beyond saying it 's well below what she earned as a designer .
But it 's more than the $ 400 a week she 'd been collecting in unemployment benefits .
At Hoffman 's Chocolates in Greenacres , Fla. , the lavish holiday display of Christmas lights , toy trains and a robotic Santa Claus draws onlookers each year .
But finding skilled workers for the holiday rush used to be difficult , said CEO Fred Meltzer .
Until this year .
When it posted 45 jobs in its chocolate factory and on the sales floor , Hoffman 's received 550 applications .
Some came from people laid off by the circulation department of the Palm Beach Post .
Others had worked for law firms .
Another was Lisa Pagan , a former department store manager .
Once she heard Hoffman 's was hiring , Pagan said she put on her best job - interview outfit -- just to drop off her resume .
She landed a position that pays less than half what she made last year as a department - store manager .
But after a year of unemployment , Pagan , a 38 - year - old divorced mother of two , is n't complaining .
" It 's very scary out there right now , " she said .
" You get 101 excuses why they can't hire you .
You get into panic mode . "
At the Showtime Detroit clothing boutique in the Motor City , manager Dan Tatarian has been fielding inquiries from mortgage brokers , among others , desperate for work .
" They just want a job , " Tatarian said .
" They do n't care what they 're doing . "
The trend illustrates the despair of unemployed people with professional backgrounds who face a pitiless job market , said John Lonski , chief economist of Moody 's Capital Markets Research Group .
Even though the economy has begun growing again , employers are n't confident enough in the recovery or their own businesses to step up hiring .
" Companies are still capable of meeting customer demands with their now often downsized staffs , " Lonski said .
Competition is especially fierce for retail jobs , in part because the industry has cut 1 million jobs since January 2008 , said Davis of the National Retail Federation .
Many retailers , fearing another weak holiday season , are trying to manage with leaner staffs .
" Not only are there fewer positions , but more people are applying , " Davis said .
That helps explain why shoppers who phone customer service at online retailer Moosejaw Mountaineering get Scott Beebe , a trained engineer with two postgraduate degrees and eight years of experience in product development for General Motors .
Beebe , 33 , took a buyout from GM in September , feeling the future was bleak at the shrinking automaker .
With experience at a development lab where he earned about $ 75,000 , Beebe has since been seeking engineering or management work .
No luck .
So in the meantime , he 's taken a temporary job at Moosejaw 's call center in suburban Detroit .
He 's making $ 8 an hour .
" It 's a good distraction from searching day in and day out , " he said .
type Star Trek LCARS Screen Saver platform Win9x / NT/2000/XP
Mac OSX ( PowerPC / Intel ) version 2.2 ( 1 )  freeware
Win9x / WinNT / Win2000 / WinXP
Version 2.2  system47.zip ( 1.3MB )
Mac OSX // n e w
Version 2.21  system47.dmg ( 1.9MB )
System47 Screen Shots / Wallpapers
View and Download
PREVIOUS VERSIONS
Win9x / WinNT / Win2000
Version 2.01 with sound  system47_v2.01.zip ( 557Kb )
Version 2.01 silent mode  system47s_v2.01.zip ( 513Kb )
// Both versions can be safely installed on the same machine .
with sound silent mode Macintosh ( PowerPC or greater , with System 7.1 or higher )
( will NOT run on OSX )
Version 2.01 with mute control  system 47.sit ( 495Kb )
// Oct.13  updated for Mac OS 9 compatibility .
//
Please note that this version 's opening sequence should say " VERSION 2.01 " .
If not , please update it .
//
May conflict with FreePPP 2.6.x .
Try using FreePPP 2.5.x or PPP ( free from Apple ) .
Installation Instruction for PC : Download and save the zip file  system 47.zip ( or system 47s.zip ) .
Unzip the file by using WinZip or other decompressing utilities .
( Visit WinZip.com to download the decompressing program if necessary . )
After decompressing , double click to execute the setup file  system 47.exe ( or system 47s.exe ) .
This will install the screen saver onto the machine automatically .
System47 should now be the active screen saver on your machine .
If not , open the " Display " properties from the Control Panel .
Then select the screen saver tab and choose " System47 " from the Screen Saver drop down menu to activate it .
Click " Ok " to save the setting .
And that 's it .
Installation Instruction for Macintosh : For OSX , download the above system 47.dmg .
Open the file and double click on the installer file inside .
Then follow the instructions .
For OS9 version , see below .
For OS9 , download the above system 47.sit file .
The browser will unStuffIt and save the file on your desktop automatically .
( Visit www.AladdinSys.com to download the decompressing program if necessary . )
Drag the file system 47 from your desktop to either the System folder or the Control Panels folder .
Restart the system .
And that 's it .
I 've been meaning to reply to this more formerly than I have in the past ( as I could not post a comment , I made one at Shawn Wilber 's blog ) .
As the wikipedia entry on " An Anarchist FAQ " ( AFAQ ) mentions it , I thought it would be best to address this claim .
Brad Spangler , in a post entitled Market anarchism as stigmergic socialism argues that AFAQ quotes the founder of " anarcho " - capitalism , Murray Rothbard , " out of context " .
He
states :
" As an aside , the Anarchist FAQ touches on this matter . . .
In a criticism of Friedmanite utilitarianism , Rothbard explains the problem of utilitarianism lacking an anti-state theory of property ( unlike his own natural law approach ) .
The FAQ offers an out of context excerpt from a passage that appears to give the impression that Rothbard was arguing in favor of tyranny , when in fact he was doing the exact opposite ( in highlighting the shortcomings of the utilitarian approach ) . "
The FAQ is quoted as follows ( from the unrevised section F.1 ) :
" Even worse , the possibility that private property can result in worse violations of individual freedom ( at least of workers ) than the state of its citizens was implicitly acknowledged by Rothbard .
He uses as a hypothetical example a country whose King is threatened by a rising “ libertarian ” movement .
The King responses by “ employ[ing ] a cunning stratagem , ” namely he “ proclaims his government to be dissolved , but just before doing so he arbitrarily parcels out the entire land area of his kingdom to the ‘ ownership ’ of himself and his relatives . ”
Rather than taxes , his subjects now pay rent and he can “ regulate to regulate the lives of all the people who presume to live on ” his property as he sees fit . "
Spangler states " that part of the Anarchist FAQ critique would appear to lead to an inaccurate perception of what Rothbard was arguing for . "
Before reading Spangler 's post I had assumed that if you quote someone saying something is a " cunning stratagem " then it is obvious that they do not agree with it !
I have to admit to being at a lose that someone could think that I was suggesting that Rothbard agreed with this " cunning stratagem " .
Still , my assumption was wrong .
I therefore made it explicit when I revised that section that Rothbard rejected said " cunning stratagem " .
I still consider this simply stating the bloody obvious , but best to ensure that claims of quoting out of context are squashed -- particularly as I hate it when opponents of anarchism do it to us !
I should also note that I added this quote initially to show that even Rothbard , at times , could admit that private property could be more oppressive than the state , particularly as ( as he himself noted ) the landlord / capitalist is sovereign on their property .
Rather than a desire to " quote out of context " , this quote was added to show another self - contradictory notion of Rothbard .
Like all ideologues , he could not see the obvious implications for his own ideology of some of his own critiques of the state .
It seems that the term " private property " dulls the mind for some ...
Anyway , when I revised section F.1 I clarified what was meant , ensuring that it was clear he opposed said " cunning stratagem " while stressing that Rothbard admitted that the hierarchies associated with private property could be as , if not more , oppressive than those of the state .
Finally , I should state that the notion that Rothbardian " anarcho " - capitalism can be described as " a new variety of socialism , " " a stigmergic socialism " , is simply staggering .
By no stretch of the imagination can that ideology be considered socialist .
Rothbard spent a great deal of time defending profits , interest and rent -- not to mention the hierarchies associated with wage labour and landlordism .
He even considered " hierarchy " as one of " a whole slew of institutions necessary to the triumph of liberty " ( the others included organization , " wage - work , granting of funds by libertarian millionaires , and a libertarian political party . "
As discussed in AFAQ ( section G ) the individualist anarchists were socialists because they were against non-labour income , considering profit , interest and rent as exploitation .
Their system aimed to abolish it by means of non-capitalist markets .
Whether this form of market socialism would actually achieve its goals is a valid question , but Rothbard did not share that aim .
And , as Spangler admits , calling Rothbard " a visionary socialist " would " admittedly cause him fits . "
Spangler seems to want to ( con ) fuse individualist anarchism and " anarcho " - capitalism into a one theory , called " market anarchism . "
Personally , this is a term I dislike precisely because it confuses genuine individualist anarchism with " anarcho " - capitalism .
While there are some similarities , it would be a crying shame to merge a genuinely radical alternative to capitalism with an ideology which defends that exploitative and oppressive system .
It is no coincidence that individualist anarchism found its home in the broader labour and socialist movements while “ anarcho ” - capitalism views these with distain .
Nor is it a coincidence that the main influences on individualist anarchism were the labour , monetary and land reform movements plus the economics of Proudhon and other socialists while , for “ anarcho ” - capitalism , it is “ Austrian ” economists which developed , in part , precisely to combat such popular reform movements .
This leads to fundamentally different analyses , strategies and aims which show beyond doubt that the two cannot be confused .
The individualist anarchists did not support capitalism nor can be considered as forerunners of “ anarcho ” - capitalism in any more than the most superficial terms .
Finally , I must note that Rothbard was at pains to argue for a Libertarian political party .
So perhaps his ideology would be better termed “ Marxo - capitalism ” ?
After all , Rothbard urged its followers to organise into a political party and utilise “ political action ” to seize the state which would , in turn , dissolve into “ anarchy ” .
As he put it : " I see no other conceivable strategy for the achievement of liberty than political action . " ( Konkin on Libertarian Strategy )
Where have we heard that before ?
Who mocked anarchists like Proudhon and Bakunin for refusing to take part in " political action " and who suggested that by this action the state could be seized , reformed and finally disappear ?
Why , Marx and Engels !
Given this , it would be false to state that “ anarcho ” - capitalism keeps the politics of individualist anarchism but rejects its economics .
Rather , it keeps the politics of Marxism but rejects its economics .
Now , will " Marxo - capitalism " take off as the correct name for " anarcho " - capitalism ?
Or should we stick with anarcho - statism ?
well , that has been done -- back to more interesting and fruitful things ...
And perhaps I should note that volume 1 of the FAQ ( section A to F , plus the appendix on the symbols of Anarchy ) will be officially launched in August , in Glasgow .
Now back to revising the section on Marxism ...
The situation in Iran is still tense as demonstrators clash with government forces who reportedly kill the nephew of Mir Hussein Mousavi :
TEHRAN -- Security forces opened fire at crowds demonstrating against the government in the capital on Sunday , killing at least four people in the heaviest clashes in months , witnesses and websites linked to the opposition said .
The nephew of the opposition 's political leader , Mir Hussein Mousavi , was allegedly killed , according to Parlemannews , a Website managed by a faction in the Iranian parliament which supports the opposition .
" Ali Mousavi , 32 , was shot in the heart at the Enghelab square .
He became a martyr , " the Rah-e Sabz Website reported .
Fierce battles erupted as tens of thousands of demonstrators tried to gather on a main Tehran street , with people setting up roadblocks and throwing stones at members Special Forces , under the command of the Revolutionary Guard Corp .
They in turn threw dozens of teargas and stun grenades , but failed in pushing back crowds , who shouted slogans against the government , witnesses reported .
Fights were also reported in the cities of Isfahan and Najafabad in central Iran .
The protests coincided with Ahsura , one of the most religious festivals for Shiite Muslims .
The slogans were mainly aimed at the top leaders of the Islamic republic , a further sign that the opposition movement against President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's disputed June election victory is turning against the leadership of the country .
At the Yadegar overpass , protesters shouted slogans such as " Death to the dictator " and " long live Mousavi . "
They fought running battles with security forces until a car filled with members of the paramilitary Basiji brigade drove at high speed though the make shift barriers of stones and sandbags that the protesters had erected .
About a dozen members of the Revolutionary Guards fired paintball bullets , teargas and stun grenades .
When reinforcements arrived , they managed to push back the hundreds of protesters gathered at the crossing .
Similar scenes could be seen at several crossings of the central Azadi and Enghelab streets , witnesses reported .
Large clouds of black bellowing smoke rose up as people honked their cars in protests .
" This is a month of blood .
The dictator will fall , " people shouted , referring to the mourning month of Moharram .
Young men erected a flag symbolizing the struggle of the Shiite 's third Imam Hussein , whose death was commemorated Sunday .
Baking with Melange : Holiday Recipies from Arrakis
Arrakis
Dune
Desert planet .
Known for two things over the holidays , 1 ) having the perfect Mise en Scene for the annual Fremen Nativity Pageant , and 2 ) some wicked kick ass spice cake .
Do n’t get us wrong , we are sure your Grandma ’s spice cake is pretty damned good , but was it so good that you could actually fold space ?
We did n’t think so .
So what follows is a small collection of original recipes from Arrakis that are so tasty , they will , as Crystal Gail so eloquently sang , turn your brown eyes blue .
ARRAKEEN SPICE CAKE
Your kids will be Arra-KEEN on this delicious spice cake .
* 2 cups all - purpose flour
* 1 1/3 cups sugar
* 1 tablespoon plus 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
* 1 teaspoon Stillsuit Rime
* 1 teaspoon Melange
* 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
* 1/3 cup shortening
* 1 cup worm milk
* 1 teaspoon Sapho
* 2 large Sand trout eggs
Preparation :
Sift together flour , sugar , baking powder , rime , melange and nutmeg .
Add shortening , worm milk , and sapho ; beat on slow to medium speed of electric mixer for 2 minutes .
NOTE Beat irregularly .
Nothing ruins a good spice cake like a worm attack !
Scrape sides and bottom of mixing bowl several times .
Beat in eggs ( Irregularly !!! ) and continue to beat for 2 minutes longer .
Spoon batter into a generously greased and floured 9x13x2 - inch baking pan .
Bake at 350° on Habbyana Ridge Rock .
Cool in Sietch and frost with caramel icing or cream cheese icing .
( Remember if you use your crysknife to ice the cake , you have to draw blood before you can sheath it again . )
He who controls the Spice Cake , controls the universe !!
Have seconds , see the future !
GOM JABAIMO BARS
A delicious treat with a surprise in the middle !
Ingredients :
*** Bottom Layer ***
* 1/2 cup unsalted butter ( Caladan style cultured )
* 1/4 cup sugar
* 5 tablespoons Melange
* 1 egg beaten
* 1 1/4 cup ghola wafer crumbs
* 1/2 cup finely chopped almonds
* 1 cup coconut
*** Second Layer ****
* 1/2 cup unsalted butter
* 2 teaspoons Saudakar cream
* 2 tablespoons vanilla custard powder
* 1 poisoned needle
*** Third Layer ***
* 4 squares semi-sweet chocolate ( 1 oz. each )
* 2 tablespoons unsalted butter
Directions :
Bottom Layer
Melt first 3 ingredients in top of double boiler .
Add egg and stir to cook and thicken .
Remove from heat .
Stir in crumbs , coconut , and nuts .
Press firmly into an ungreased 8 ″ x 8 ″ pan .
Second Layer
Cream butter , cream , custard powder , and icing sugar together well .
Beat until light .
Spread over bottom layer .
Place poisoned needle
Third Layer
Melt chocolate and butter overlow heat .
Cool .
Once cool , but still liquid , pour over second layer and chill in Polar Sink
The Christmas Tradition on Dune is to give a prize to the person who finds the poison needle .
If they live .
No Snoopers !
YULE WORM
All hail Shai Hulud , The Maker , and Great Grandfather of the Dessert !
Cake :
2/3 Kilo flour
1/4 Kilo teaspoon soda
1/4 Kilo Stillsuit Rime
4 dozen Sandtrout Eggs
3/4 Kilo sugar
30 pounds unsweetened Geidi Prime chocolate
2 litrejons Water of Life
Icing :
1/3 Kilo butter
2 Kilo icing ( confectioners ’ ) sugar
1/4 Kilo Melange
2 gallons Worm Milk milk
1/2 gallon Sappho
Directions :
Place Thumper at least 10 - 20 k away from the oven .
This one calls for a lot of “ Beating ” , so it ’s better to not take a chance
Cake :
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 15 meter x 10 meter jelly roll pan , and line with waxed paper .
Grease waxed paper .
The armpit pad on your stillsuit will do nicely .
Mix flour , soda , and salt together .
Beat eggs in a small mixer bowl at high speed , until thick and light – about 5 minutes .
Gradually add the sugar , and beat until thick .
You better pray that thumper is working .
Melt the chocolate and water together , and add to the egg mixture .
Fold in the dry ingredients , and mix gently but thoroughly .
Spread in prepared pan , and bake for 15 – 17 minutes , until the cake springs back when lightly touched .
Remove from oven and turn out immediately onto a tea towel that has been sprinkled generously with icing sugar .
Remove waxed paper , and trim of any crisp edges of the cake .
Begin at the narrow end , and roll up the cake and the tea towel together .
Allow to cool .
Then carve segment lines into the cake
Filling :
Whip cream until soft peaks form .
Stir in icing sugar and vanilla and whip until stiff .
Unroll the cake when cool , and spread the top with the whip cream .
Re-roll , without the towel .
Cut a thin slice off of each end of the roll , to make them even .
Icing :
Soften butter .
Combine all ingredients and beat until smooth and of good spreading consistency .
Time is running out .
Radio a Harvester
Use the centres of the ends you sliced off the cake to make Maker hooks
Use a little of the icing to affix the hooks to the side of the cake – one on each side .
Ice the entire cake with the icing , including the ends and the bumps .
Run a fork along the icing so that it resembles the skin of a great battle scarred maker .
Do n’t be afraid to score the cake deeply … fear is the mind killer …
Sprinkle with icing sugar , and decorate with tiny Fremen or other decorations .
Get in Ornithopter and take Giant Sandworm cake to Safety .
Do it now !
The Worm is coming !!!
MUAD D’IBEROONS
Father !
The Tastebuds Have AWAKENED !!!
Ingredients :
* 16 ounces shredded Melange
* 1 can ( 14 - 15 ounces ) sweetened condensed Water of Life
* 2 teaspoons Sappho extract
Preparation :
Directions for Melange macaroons
Mix all ingredients together .
Drop by teaspoonfuls onto generously greased baking sheets .
Bake at 350° for 8 minutes .
Cool Muad Diberoons macaroons slightly ; remove to rack .
Makes about 4 to 5 dozen Muad D’iberoons .
Warning , eating all the Muad ’Diberoons may result in you becoming the Kwizatz Haderach or giving birth to an abomination .
Please Jihad responsibly .
PRE - SPICE MASS PUNCH
This delightful holiday punch literally pops out of the punchbowl and fills the room with a festive cinnamon smell .
Your friends in the Guild will go wild for it .
2 cups Sand Trout excretion
3 still pockets Water
5 lbs of sand .
Instructions
Pour excretions into large punchbowl
fill bowl with sand
Slowly pour water over sand
Stand back .
Waaay back .
When bubble forms , hold punch cups up .
Pull stillsuit hood tight to your head to protect your eyes .
Wait for explosion , enjoy !
You do n’t have to be a Mentat to know that these recipes will be a hit at your next holiday gathering .
But you do need one to help figure out if the party is some kind of elaborate trap to take over your business and eliminate your family .
Plans within plans , people .
Plans within plans .
Flint , Mich .
Michelle Berry runs a private day - care service from her home on the outskirts of this city , the birthplace of General Motors .
" The Berry Patch , " as she calls the service , features overstuffed purple gorillas , giant cartoon murals , and a playroom covered in Astroturf .
Her clients are mostly low - income parents who need child care to keep their jobs in a city that now has a 26 % unemployment rate .
Ms ....
QUETTA , Pakistan ( Reuters ) - Pakistani forces detained 11 Iranian Revolutionary Guards on Monday for crossing into the country days after an Iranian commander was reported saying his men should be allowed to confront terrorists in Pakistan , officials said .
The Revolutionary Guards were arrested in the Mashkhel area on the border with Iran eight days after a suicide bomber killed 42 people , including six Revolutionary Guard commanders , in Iran ’s southeastern Sistan - Baluchestan province .
A Sunni Muslim group Jundollah ( God ’s soldiers ) , claimed responsibility for the blast .
Iran says the group operates from across the border in Pakistan .
On Tuesday last week , a senior Revolutionary Guards commander said his force should be given permission to confront terrorists inside Pakistan , state media reported .
“ It ’s a serious matter .
We are investigating why they crossed into our territory , ” said a Pakistani border security official , who declined to be identified as he is not authorized to speak to the media .
Another Pakistani security official said Iranian border officials had told them that the encroachment was accidental and happened after the Guards launched an operation against Jundollah militants near the border .
Iranian state television , however , quoted police as saying eight soldiers and police officers were arrested by Pakistan while they were chasing people suspected of smuggling fuel .
“ Five soldiers , three non-commissioned police officers who were chasing fuel smugglers at Iran ’s border with Pakistan have been arrested in Pakistan .
Also two of the smugglers were arrested by Pakistani guards , ” said a police official , identified only as Brigadier Rezai .
Relations between Iran and Pakistan have been generally good in recent years and the neighbors are cooperating on plans to build a natural gas pipeline but Iran has said last week ’s suicide bombing would affect relations .
Iran says the Jundollah group has bases in Pakistan and it has urged Pakistan to hand over its leader , Abdolmalik Rigi .
Pakistan has assured Iran that it would cooperate in tracking down and punishing those behind the attack .
It has denied that Rigi was in Pakistan .
Iran also accuses the United States and Britain of backing Jundollah .
“ Those who commit these bloody terrorist activities , directly or indirectly are related to foreign countries , ” state television quoted Supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei as saying .
He was speaking a day after the two suicide bombs killed more than 150 people in Baghdad , in one of Iraq ’s bloodiest attacks in years .
Jupiter ( rocket )
Jupiter was an intermediate - range ballistic missile ( IRBM ) designed by the United States Army Ballistic Missile Agency ( ABMA ) as a successor to the Redstone .
Its development led to America 's first successful space launch vehicle .
In late 1955 , ABMA was directed to work with the Navy to develop both a land - based and sea - based version of the Jupiter .
One year later , however , in the " Wilson Memorandum , " the Army was stripped of all missiles with a range of over 320 km .
Subsequently , the Navy abandoned Jupiter in favor of the solid - fueled , submarine - based Polaris and the Jupiter was transferred to the Air Force .
Although it eventually became the first operational American IRBM , the Jupiter was never given much attention by the Air Force as it competed directly with the Air Force - developed Thor .
The Army - developed Jupiter had been a source of bitter rivalry between the two branches of service since its conception .
Jupiter
Thor length ( m ) 17.7 19.8 diameter ( m ) 2.7 2.4 mass at liftoff ( kg ) 50,000 50,000 propellants LOX / RP - 1 LOX / RP - 1 range ( km ) 2,600 2,600
Built by Chrysler , the Jupiter first stage was powered by a Rocketdyne engine that burned liquid oxygen ( LOX ) and RP - 1 ( kerosene mixture ) to produce a liftoff thrust of 670,000 newtons ( N ) .
An ablative technology reentry vehicle made by Goodyear , which shrouded a one - megaton warhead , separated from the Jupiter following the detonation of explosive bolts .
A Thiokol solid - fueled motor supplied final velocity trimming .
Operational Jupiter missiles were delivered to the Air Force beginning in Nov 1957 .
Jupiter components were test - flown aboard rockets known as Jupiter A and Jupiter C , which were not really Jupiters at all but rather modified Redstones .
An actual Jupiter was first test - flown in Apr 1957 , and the missile was deployed by NATO in Europe before being withdrawn from service in 1964 .
Although short - lived , the Jupiter program played a key role in the history of the American space program .
It led directly to the launch of America 's first satellite aboard a Juno I , a rocket adapted from the Jupiter C , and the Jupiter missile acted as the first stage for the Juno II which carried a number of scientific payloads into space .
Inert Jupiter missile shells ballasted with water were used as dummy upper stages for the earliest version of the Apollo - Saturn I .
Jupiter A
The first exploitation of the Redstone for testing components that would be incorporated into the Jupiter IRBM .
Although the Jupiter A was identical to the Redstone , its name was intended to associate it with the Jupiter missile development program .
However , Jupiter A flights really served a dual role : as tests of Jupiter missile hardware , and of Redstone missile performance at a time when the Redstone was still under development .
Jupiter C and America 's space debut
Jupiter C was a multistage adaptation of the Redstone and follow - on from the Jupiter A , designed to test Jupiter missile nosecone technology .
In 1955 , a rocket nearly identical to the C was described in Project Orbiter .
When Orbiter was rejected in favor of Project Vanguard , the multistage Redstone faced extinction .
However , on Sep 13 , 1955 , four days after the official rejection of Orbiter , the Army and Navy were instructed to cooperate in the development of the Jupiter IRBM .
Engineers at the Ordnance Guided Missile Center at the Redstone Arsenal were authorized to develop the Jupiter C for high - altitude reentry tests of Jupiter missile components .
Although , like the Jupiter A , the C was really a Redstone the name was changed to Jupiter C – short for " Jupiter Composite Reentry Test Vehicle . "
It was similar to the Juno I but with important differences .
The C was designed specifically to carry a nosecone into space and allow it to reenter at high speed .
Both Juno I and Jupiter C used a Redstone first stage with stretched tanks to hold more fuel .
But the Jupiter C Redstone booster burned LOX and alcohol , like the production version of the Redstone missile .
The satellite - bearing Juno I first stage was modified to burn higher - energy Hydyne fuel .
Both the C and Juno I used 11 clustered Baby Sergeant solid motors on their second stage , and three clustered Baby Sergeants on their third .
However , since the C was never intended to launch satellites , it had no fourth stage motor .
The Jupiter C first stage , with a liftoff thrust of 348,000 N , burned for 150 sec after launch , boosting the upper stages to near - space .
After first stage cutoff and separation , the clustered upper stages continued a ballistic ascent .
The second stage was then fired for 6 sec , moving quickly away from the rotating tub assembly .
After second stage cutoff and a 2 - sec pause to allow stage separation , the third stage was fired for 6 sec .
It then separated from the payload , which continued a ballistic path toward ocean impact .
Intense heat was created during reentry , allowing valuable scientific data to be gathered on flight dynamics and nosecone performance .
This helped in the selection and development of actual nosecones to be carried aboard operational Jupiter IRBMs .
The first Jupiter C was launched from Cape Canaveral on Sep 20 , 1956 , and surpassed expectations .
This C was the only one to carry an inert fourth stage motor ballasted with sand in case ABMA " accidentally " launched a satellite before Project Vanguard .
The inert fourth stage reached an altitude of 1,097 km and range of 5,390 kilometers , establishing Cape Canaveral records for both – a bitter - sweet success for ABMA .
The Jupiter C had shown it was perfectly capable of launching a small satellite , yet bureaucracy forbade it to make the attempt .
Although 12 Jupiter
Cs had been authorized for construction , the research program was cancelled after just three launches in Aug 1957 by ABMA 's chief , Major General John Medaris .
However , Medaris ordered that all remaining C booster hardware be placed in protective storage , his intent being to keep the rocket components ready if the go - ahead was given to attempt a satellite launch .
With Jupiter C performance data in hand , the Army continued to press for permission to try launching instrumented satellites to augment International Geophysical Year scientific research , but without success .
Then came the shocking news that the Soviets had placed Sputnik 1 in orbit .
By chance , ABMA officials were entertaining Secretary of Defense Neil McElroy at the Redstone Arsenal on that very day in Oct 1957 .
An effort was made on the spot to convince McElroy that ABMA deserved a chance to launch an American reply .
Secret directives by Medaris followed , and Wernher von Braun , ABMA 's technical director , was told to begin preparing Jupiter C hardware for action .
Discussions were also opened with the Army - sponsored JPL ( Jet Propulsion Laboratory ) to evaluate specific satellite designs .
McElroy did convince President Eisenhower that the Army 's request merited consideration , but it would be almost two months after Sputnik 1's triumph before ABMA was given approval to schedule satellite launch dates .
It was to be a major turning point in American space history .
The Navy 's Project Vanguard failed in its first attempt to launch a small tracking satellite on Dec 6 , 1957 , when the Vanguard rocket exploded on its pad .
Then the Navy 's second attempt , scheduled for Jan 24 , 1958 , was delayed until early Feb .
Suddenly , ABMA 's first shot at orbit , originally slated for five days after the Navy 's second attempt , was next in line .
But there would be one final twist before America entered space .
In Nov 1957 William Pickering , head of JPL , suggested to Medaris that the satellite - bearing version of the Jupiter C be renamed .
The recommendation was accepted by ABMA , and the Juno family of rockets was born .
A paralysed man has “ spoken ” three different vowel sounds using a voice synthesiser controlled by an implant deep in his brain .
If more sounds can be added to the repertoire of brain signals the implant can translate , such systems could revolutionise communication for people who are completely paralysed .
“ We ’re very optimistic that the next patient will be able to say words , ” says Frank Guenther , a neuroscientist at Boston University who led the study along with Philip Kennedy at Neural Signals , a firm based in Duluth , Georgia , that produces neural implants .
Conventional speech
Eric Ramsey is 26 and has locked - in syndrome , in which people are unable to move a muscle but are fully conscious .
Advertisement
A brain implant , which requires invasive surgery , may sound drastic .
But lifting signals directly from neurons may be the only way that locked - in people like Ramsey , or those with advanced forms of ALS , a neurodegenerative disease , will ever be able to communicate quickly and naturally , says Guenther .
Devices that rely on interpreting residual muscle activity , such as eye blinks , are no good for people who are completely paralysed , while those that use brain signals captured by scalp electrodes are slow , allowing typing on a keyboard at a rate of one to two words per minute .
“ Our approach has the potential for providing something along the lines of conventional speech as opposed to very slow typing , ” he says .
Messy signals
His team ’s breakthrough was to translate seemingly chaotic firing patterns of neurons into the acoustic “ building blocks ” that distinguish different vowel sounds .
Ramsey , who suffered a brain - stem stroke at the age of 16 , has an electrode implanted into a brain area that plans the movements of the vocal cords and tongue that underlie speech .
Over the past two decades , the team has developed models that predict how neurons in this region fire during speech .
Using these predictions , they were able to translate the firing patterns of several dozen brain cells in Ramsey ’s brain into the acoustical building blocks of speech .
“ It ’s a very subtle code ; you ’re looking over many neurons .
You do n’t have one neuron that represents ‘ aaa ’ and another that represents ‘ eee ’ .
It ’s way messier than that , ” Guenther says .
Next , Guenther ’s team provided Ramsey with audio feedback of the computer ’s interpretation of his neurons , allowing him to tune his thoughts to hit a specific vowel .
Over 25 trials across many months , Ramsey improved from hitting 45 per cent of vowels to 70 per cent .
Listen : Eric
Ramsey repeating target vowel sounds here
Laptop control
Of course , the ability to produce three distinct vowels from brain signals wo n’t allow for much communication , let alone real - time natural conversation .
But Guenther says technological improvements should have a next - generation decoder producing whole words in three to five years .
This next device will read from far more neurons and so should be able to extract the brain signals underlying consonants , says Guenther .
The team plan to have it controlled by a laptop , so people can practise speaking at home as much as they like .
Two people interested in having this device implanted have already contacted Guenther ’s team , he says .
Niels Birbaumer , a neuroscientist at the University of Tübingen , Germany , who has developed a prosthetic that records brain activity beneath the skin to type out words , is sceptical that the new approach will yield fluent speech .
He also worries about its reliance on an invasive brain surgery .
“ In most cases an invasive procedure like this where you hurt the brain is not necessary , ” he says .
Guenther agrees that “ if patients have enough residual movement they can control some sort of device ” .
But he says that his implant is intended principally for people who suffer from severe forms of paralysis or significant vocal tract damage that means even these interventions wo n’t work .
Journal reference : PLoS One , DOI : 10.1371/journal.pone.0008218
Enlarge By Torsten Blackwood , AFP / Getty Images
This aerial photo taken on October 2 , 2009 shows the half of the town ( L ) of Lalomanu in ruins up to the church ( C ) .
On October 4 , 2009 mourners gathered to pray at the church for the tsunami victims in Samoa .
Ferocious waves were unleashed by a 8.0 magnitude undersea quake which rattled the region on September 29 .
WELLINGTON , New Zealand ( AP ) 
The tsunami that killed more than 200 people in the Samoan islands and Tonga earlier this year towered up to 46 feet ( 14 meters ) high — more then twice as tall as most of the buildings it slammed into , scientists said Friday .
New Zealand scientists studying the size , power and reach of the tsunami as part of efforts to guard against future disasters said they found up to three destructive waves were caused by the magnitude 8.0 undersea earthquake in September .
The massive waves that struck Samoa , American Samoa and Tonga totally destroyed traditional wooden buildings , many of them singly story , along the coast while reinforced concrete buildings sustained only minor damage , said Stefan Reese , a risk engineer with New Zealand 's National Institute of Water and Atmospheric Research .
The waves were up to 46 feet ( 14 meters ) high , Reese told The Associated Press .
The scientists measured watermarks on buildings and trees to help confirm the height of the waves .
" In some areas there was virtually nothing left " after the waves reached up to 765 yards ( 700 meters ) inland , Reese said .
Wide reefs saved some villages by helping to reduce the waves ' height to about 10 feet ( 3 meters ) , Reese said .
The Samoan quake created a sea floor fault up to 190 miles ( 300 kilometers ) long and 23 feet ( 7 meters ) deep .
The Sept. 29 tsunami killed 34 people in American Samoa , 183 in Samoa and nine in Tonga .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Facebook , now worth $ 9.5 billion and rising , may have just taken its next step towards what many believe to be the company 's inevitable IPO .
Just as Google did when it went public in 2004 , Facebook has opted to adopt a dual class stock structure .
According to The Wall Street Journal , current shareholders of Facebook ( mostly employees , investors , and the executive team ) will see their shares turned into Class B shares .
Once a person sells them during an initial public offering however , those shares will be transformed into Class A shares with 1/10 of the voting power of Class B shares .
Essentially , those with Class B shares will have more control over Facebook 's direction .
The social media giant has long been rumored to be exploring an IPO .
It has rebuffed the idea of an acquisition and Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg prefers to maintain control of the company he started .
Let 's be clear : a dual class stock structure does n't mean that the company is pursuing an IPO anytime soon , or that it will pursue an IPO all .
Facebook even addresses this point in its statement ( included below ) .
However , it 's still a decision that you often find occurs within companies that are about to go public .
There 's little doubt that the social network aspires to be a public company .
The question is simply when it will happen .
Here is the full statement from Facebook :
" Facebook is a private company so we do n't typically share details on stock - related matters .
But we did introduce a dual class stock structure because existing shareholders wanted to maintain control over voting on certain issues to help ensure the company can continue to focus on the long - term to build a great business .
This revision to the stock structure should not be construed as a signal the company is planning to go public .
Facebook has no plans to go public at this time . "
[ via WSJ ]
When Situations Not Personality Dictate Our Behaviour
A modern test of an ancient bible story demonstrates the power of situations to trump personality in determining behaviour .
A fundamental mistake we often make when judging other people is assuming that their behaviour mainly reflects their personality .
Unfortunately this ignores another major influence on how people behave staring us right in the face : the situation .
Our personalities certainly have an influence on what situations we get into and how we deal with them , but situational factors — even relatively subtle ones — can completely obliterate the effects of personality .
Do n’t take my word for it , though , consider a modern take on an ancient bible story .
Prominent social psychologists Darley & Batson ( 1973 ) were interested in what influences people ’s helping behaviours and decided to test the parable of the Good Samaritan .
The parable is about a Jewish man travelling to Jericho who has been attacked by bandits and lies half dead at the side of the road .
A priest and temple assistant pass him by before finally a Samaritan ( who stereotypically hated Jews ) stops to offer his assistance .
The moral of the story is clear enough but , wondered Darley and Batson , have we judged the priest and the temple assistant too quickly , perhaps they were just in a hurry ?
A good Samaritan
In their classic social psychology study the experimenters recruited 67 students from the Princeton Theological Seminary and told them it was a study about religious education and vocations .
They were asked to fill in some personality questionnaires and told they were going to give a brief talk in a nearby room .
Some were asked to give a short talk about the types of jobs that seminary graduates would be suited for , while the others were asked to talk about the parable of the ‘ Good Samaritan ’ .
Unknown to the study ’s participants , they were to experience their very own ‘ Good Samaritan ’ test .
For after filling out their questionnaires and while making their way to the other office to give their talk , they would encounter an experimental confederate lying in a doorway , doubled over , eyes closed and coughing .
Participants would have to pass the apparently highly distressed man , but would they stop to help ?
The experimenters thought it would depend on how much participants were hurried , so they manipulated this by giving them a map and one of the following three instructions :
“ Oh , you ’re late .
They were expecting you a few minutes ago .
We ’d better get moving … ” “ The assistant is ready for you , so please go right over . ”
“ … It ’ll be a few minutes before they ’re ready for you , but you might as well head on over … ”
This created three conditions : high , medium and low hurry .
So some students left the office thinking they needed to go quickly , others less so , while some were relaxed .
Each of these conditions was also split into two : half about to deliver a talk on the Good Samaritan , the other half on job prospects for seminary graduates .
This meant that the experimenters could assess both the effect of hurry as well as the talk they were giving on the students ’ helping behaviours .
Would having a relevant parable uppermost in their minds nudge participants into helping ?
Before I give you the results try to predict them for yourself .
How many future priests do you think would stop to see if the man was OK ?
Would you stop ?
What will be the effects of the situation compared with the individual personalities of the seminarians ?
In a hurry , ca n’t stop
Here ’s what happened .
On average just 40 % of the seminary students offered help ( with a few stepping over the apparently injured man ) but crucially the amount of hurry they were in had a large influence on behaviour .
Here is the percentage of participants who offered help by condition :
Low hurry : 63 %
Medium hurry : 45 %
High hurry : 10 %
The type of talk they were giving also had an effect on whether they offered help .
Of those asked to talk about careers for seminarians , just 29 % offered help , while of those asked to talk about the parable of the Good Samaritan , fully 53 % gave assistance .
What these figures show is the large effect that subtle aspects of the situation have on the way people behave .
Recall that the experimenters also measured personality variables , specifically the ‘ religiosity ’ of the seminarians .
When the effect of personality was compared with situation , i.e. how much of a hurry they happened to be in or whether they were thinking about a relevant parable , the effect of religiosity was almost insignificant .
In this context , then , situation is easily trumping personality .
Judge on context
Before I asked you to imagine what the results might be , were you close ?
Perhaps you were surprised by how little effect personality had on whether the seminarians stopped ?
That is what catches most people out because of what psychologists call the ‘ fundamental attribution error ’ .
This is the aforementioned tendency to assume that other people ’s behaviour reflects on their personality rather than on the situation they are in .
Contrary to our instincts , however , studies such as this one demonstrate that it is frequently the situation that controls our actions more strongly than personality .
If you saw the trainee priest stepping over the moaning man , what would you think ?
Perhaps time for them to switch to a career in investment banking ?
Maybe , but in the light of this experiment that ’s probably unfair on the priest ( and the investment bankers ) because we all of us have situational pressures on us that can easily drown out the influence of our personalities ( see also the bystander effect ) .
‘ Bad ’ actions do n’t necessarily mean ‘ bad ’ people just as ‘ good ’ actions do n’t issue forth solely from ‘ good ’ people .
The old adage that a person can be judged on their actions is n’t the whole truth .
Often people ’s behaviour , and our own , may say very little about our personalities and much more about the complexities of the situation in which we find ourselves .
Although arguments continue as to how much of recent climate change is natural and how much is man-made , only a few diehard skeptics doubt that the warming of the last few decades is real .
Now , however , those skeptics can barely contain their glee at the release of a cache of stolen emails that they believe prove global warming is nothing but a colossal hoax .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ If you own any shares in alternative energy companies I should start dumping them NOW , ” one of these skeptics blogged on Friday .
“ The conspiracy behind the Anthropogenic Global Warming myth ( aka AGW ; aka ManBearPig ) has been suddenly , brutally and quite deliciously exposed after a hacker broke into the computers at the University of East Anglia ’s Climate Research Unit ( aka Hadley CRU ) and released 61 megabites of confidential files onto the internet . …
This scandal could well be ‘ the greatest in modern science ’ . ”
According to a more sober account of the theft offered by the Guardian , the stolen files “ were first uploaded on to a Russian server , before being widely mirrored across the internet .
The emails were accompanied by the anonymous statement : ‘ We feel that climate science is , in the current situation , too important to be kept under wraps .
We hereby release a random selection of correspondence , code and documents .
Hopefully it will give some insight into the science and the people behind it . ' ”
The University of East Anglia has confirmed that files were stolen from its server but has not verified the genuineness of the allegedly random selection of material that has been released .
The scientists involved have also refused to comment on the record , although they insist privately that “ the e-mails are being taken out of context and … are part of the normal hurly - burly of conversations between scientists working on some of the most complicated questions of our times . ”
Those gloating over the emails have seized in particular on expressions of hostility towards climate change skeptics and dismissals of their papers as not representing legitimate science to elaborate theories of a conspiracy to suppress debate .
They are also pointing to certain brief quotations that might be taken as boasts of manipulating data or as private acknowledgments of a lack of data to support the conclusion of global warming .
One email from 1999 , for example , says “ I ’ve just completed Mike ’s Nature [ the science journal ] trick of adding in the real temps to each series for the last 20 years ( ie , from 1981 onwards ) and from 1961 for Keith ’s to hide the decline . ”
Another complains , “ The CERES data published in the August BAMS 09 supplement on 2008 shows there should be even more warming : but the data are surely wrong .
Our observing system is inadequate . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
In the face of current warnings of “ catastrophic fire danger ” as New South Wales , Australia experiences its “ hottest November on record , ” as well as stories about “ the heaviest rainfall ever recorded in Britain , ” attempts to use a few out - of - context quotes to paint climate change as a colossal fraud may meet with some degree of skepticism themselves .
Scientists are also weighing in on the controversy .
Brian Angliss at Scholars & Rogues , for example , finds the claims of fraud “ highly unlikely . ”
“ I work in electrical engineering where I use words and phrases that , taken out of context , could be misinterpreted as nefarious by people who are ignorant of the context or who have an axe to grind , ” he explains .
“ For example , I regularly talk about ‘ fiddling with ’ or ‘ twiddling ’ the data , ‘ faking out ’ something , ‘ messing around with ’ testing , and so on . …
No matter how much the deniers scream , these emails are n’t likely to reveal any evidence of scientific malfeasance .
And even if they do , there ’s an entire globe of researchers whose independent research has bolstered the case that climate disruption is real and that it ’s predominantly caused by human civilization . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The blog at RealClimate.org has also had a look at the emails and points out , “ More interesting is what is not contained in the emails .
There is no evidence of any worldwide conspiracy , no mention of George Soros nefariously funding climate research , no grand plan to ‘ get rid of the MWP ’ , no admission that global warming is a hoax , no evidence of the falsifying of data , and no ‘ marching orders ’ from our socialist / communist / vegetarian overlords . ”
But meanwhile , figures on the right are having a field day .
The blogger quoted above , James Delingpole , is particularly scathing , claiming that “ In the run up to Copenhagen , we will see more and more hysterical ( and grotesquely exaggerated ) stories such as this in the Mainstream Media .
And we will see ever - more - virulent campaigns conducted by eco-fascist activists . …
The world is currently cooling ; electorates are increasingly reluctant to support eco-policies leading to more oppressive regulation , higher taxes and higher utility bills ; the tide is turning against Al Gore ’s Anthropogenic Global Warming theory . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Perhaps the final word on the matter has already been offered by a spokesperson for Greenpeace , who told the Guardian , “ If you looked through any organisation ’s emails from the last 10 years you ’d find something that would raise a few eyebrows .
Contrary to what the sceptics claim , the Royal Society , the US National Academy of Sciences , Nasa and the world ’s leading atmospheric scientists are not the agents of a clandestine global movement against the truth .
This stuff might drive some web traffic , but so does David Icke . ”
Researchers here have discovered the pivotal role that volcanoes played in a deadly ice age 450 million years ago .
Perhaps ironically , these volcanoes first caused global warming -- by releasing massive amounts of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere .
When they stopped erupting , Earth 's climate was thrown off balance , and the ice age began .
The discovery underscores the importance of carbon in Earth 's climate today , said Matthew Saltzman , associate professor of earth sciences at Ohio State University .
The results will appear in the journal Geology , in a paper now available online .
Previously , Saltzman and his team linked this same ice age to the rise of the Appalachian Mountains .
As the exposed rock weathered , chemical reactions pulled carbon from Earth 's atmosphere , causing a global cooling which ultimately killed two - thirds of all species on the planet .
advertisement
Now the researchers have discovered the other half of the story : giant volcanoes that formed during the closing of the proto-Atlantic Ocean -- known as the Iapetus Ocean -- set the stage for the rise of the Appalachians and the ice age that followed .
" Our model shows that these Atlantic volcanoes were spewing carbon into the atmosphere at the same time the Appalachians were removing it , " Saltzman explained .
" For nearly 10 million years , the climate was at a stalemate .
Then the eruptions abruptly stopped , and atmospheric carbon levels fell well below what they were in the time before volcanism .
That kicked off the ice age , " he said .
This is the first evidence that a decrease in carbon from volcanic degassing -- combined with continued weathering of the Appalachians -- caused the long - enigmatic glaciation and extinction in the Ordovician period .
Here is the picture the researchers have assembled : 460 million years ago , during the Ordovician , volcanoes along the margin of what is now the Atlantic Ocean spewed massive amounts carbon dioxide into the atmosphere , turning the world into a hothouse .
Lava from those volcanoes eventually collided with North America to form the Appalachian Mountains .
Acid rain -- rich in carbon dioxide -- pelted the newly exposed Appalachian rock and wore it away .
Chemical reactions trapped the carbon in the resulting sediment , which formed reefs in the vast seas that covered North America .
advertisement
For about 10 million years , the volcanoes continued to add carbon to the atmosphere as the Appalachians removed it , so the hothouse conditions remained stable .
Life flourished in the warm oceans , including abundant species of trilobites and brachiopods .
Then , 450 million years ago , the eruptions stopped .
But the Appalachians continued weathering , and atmospheric carbon levels plummeted .
The Earth swung from a hothouse to an icehouse .
By 445 million years ago , glaciers had covered the south pole on top of the supercontinent of Gondwana ( which would eventually break apart to form the continents of the southern hemisphere ) .
Two - thirds of all species had perished .
When they started this research , Saltzman and his team knew that Earth 's climate must have changed drastically at the end of the Ordovician .
But they did n't know for certain that volcanoes were the driving force , explained Seth Young , who did this research for his doctoral degree at Ohio State .
He is now a postdoctoral researcher at Indiana University .
" This was not necessarily what we expected when we started investigating , but as we combined our data sources , the story began to fall into place , " Young said .
Using a computer model , they drew together measurements of isotopes of chemical elements -- including strontium from rocks in Nevada and neodymium from rocks in Virginia and Pennsylvania -- with measurements of volcanic ash beds in the same locations .
Then they factored in temperature models developed by other researchers .
The ash deposits demonstrated when the volcanoes stopped erupting ; the strontium levels indicated that large amounts of volcanic rock were being eroded and the sediment was flooding Earth 's oceans during this time ; and the neodymium levels pinpointed the Appalachians as the source of the sediment .
The new findings mesh well with what scientists know about these ancient proto-Atlantic volcanoes , which are thought to have produced the largest eruptions in Earth 's history .
They issued enough lava to form the Appalachians , enough ash to cover the far ends of the earth , and enough carbon to heat the globe .
Atmospheric carbon levels grew 20 times higher than they are today .
This study shows that when those volcanoes stopped erupting , carbon levels dropped , and the climate swung dramatically back to cold .
The timing coincides with today 's best estimates of temperature fluctuations in the Ordovician .
" The ash beds start building up at the same time the Appalachian weathering begins , but then the record of volcanism ends , and the temperature drops , " Saltzman said .
" Knowing these details can help us understand how carbon in the atmosphere is changing Earth 's climate today . "
Next , the researchers will examine the role of the ancient volcanic ash more closely .
While the ash was in the atmosphere -- before it settled around the globe -- it might have blotted out the sun , and cooled the earth somewhat .
Saltzman and his team want to make some estimate of this short - term cooling effect to refine their computer model .
Meanwhile , Young is just starting to re-analyze the same rock samples , this time looking for a different isotope -- sulfur .
This , he hopes , will offer clues to how much oxygen was in the oceans , and how that oxygen may have affected life in the Ordovician .
Other contributors to this work include Kenneth Foland , professor emeritus of earth sciences , and Jeff Linder , a research associate , both of Ohio State ; and Lee Kump , professor of geosciences at Pennsylvania State University .
This research was partly supported by the National Science Foundation .
G- Wiz !
Man tows 50ft Christmas tree with tiny electric car ... and creates an amazing optical illusion
With such a tiny car , it ’s an exercise in logistics for Greig Howe to get any Christmas tree home .
So he thought he might as well get this 50ft one , and attach a trailer to his G - Wiz electric car to tow it .
Donated by the Forestry Commission , the £ 400 tree was taken 15 miles from the New Forest to skate park designer Mr Howe ’s six - bedroom home in Bournemouth , Dorset
Best avoid the branch roads : Greig
Howe said his G - Wiz had no problems towing the tree on a trailer , although he admits it ' must have looked a bit odd to people '
On the road : Mr Howe tows his giant Christmas tree using his tiny electric G - Whiz car
There , it was cut into three carefully measured sections to create a Christmas illusion that has passersby in the street doing double takes .
With a little help from Mr Howe ’s friends , the lower parts of the tree were passed through doors and windows .
Finally a borrowed crane was used to place the top tier on to a little roof turret .
Trick or tree :
The optical illusion amazes passers - by
With careful alignment , the Howe Christmas tree appears to be bursting through the roof .
It is the second year running Mr Howe has staged the trick .
Last year he cut the tree up immediately after it was chopped down .
This Christmas he decided to tow it home in one piece so he could drive it past the home of his housebound grandmother , even putting a few lights and decorations on it as a treat for her .
Tall order : Friends try to get a section into the house
The whole operation , including decorating the branches with 200 baubles and 2,000 LED lights , took five days .
But Mr Howe , who is separated and has three children Harry , 12 , Roni , four , and Finn , two , said the planning took far longer .
Mr. Faulkner ’s self portrait , 1956 .
William Faulkner was born in 1897 in New Albany , Mississippi , where his father was then working as a conductor on the railroad built by the novelist ’s great - grandfather , Colonel William Falkner ( without the “ u ” ) , author of The White Rose of Memphis .
Soon the family moved to Oxford , thirty - five miles away , where young Faulkner , although he was a voracious reader , failed to earn enough credits to be graduated from the local high school .
In 1918 he enlisted as a student flyer in the Royal Canadian Air Force .
He spent a little more than a year as a special student at the state university , Ole Miss , and later worked as postmaster at the university station until he was fired for reading on the job .
Encouraged by Sherwood Anderson , he wrote Soldiers ' Pay ( 1926 ) .
His first widely read book was Sanctuary ( 1931 ) , a sensational novel which he says that he wrote for money after his previous books — including Mosquitoes ( 1927 ) , Sartoris ( 1929 ) , The Sound and the Fury ( 1929 ) , and As I Lay Dying ( 1930 ) — had failed to earn enough royalties to support a family .
A steady succession of novels followed , most of them related to what has come to be called the Yoknapatawpha saga : Light in August ( 1932 ) , Pylon ( 1935 ) , Absalom , Absalom ! ( 1936 ) , The Unvanquished ( 1938 ) , The Wild Palms ( 1939 ) , The Hamlet ( 1940 ) , and Go Down , Moses , and Other Stories ( 1941 ) .
Since World War II his principal works have been Intruder in the Dust ( 1948 ) , A Fable ( 1954 ) , and The Town ( 1957 ) .
His Collected Stories received the National Book Award in 1951 , as did A Fable in 1955 .
In 1949 Faulkner was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature .
Recently , though shy and retiring , Faulkner has traveled widely , lecturing for the United States Information Service .
This conversation took place in New York City , early in 1956 .
INTERVIEWER
Mr. Faulkner , you were saying a while ago that you do n’t like interviews .
WILLIAM FAULKNER
The reason I do n’t like interviews is that I seem to react violently to personal questions .
If the questions are about the work , I try to answer them .
When they are about me , I may answer or I may not , but even if I do , if the same question is asked tomorrow , the answer may be different .
INTERVIEWER
How about yourself as a writer ?
FAULKNER
If I had not existed , someone else would have written me , Hemingway , Dostoyevsky , all of us .
Proof of that is that there are about three candidates for the authorship of Shakespeare ’s plays .
But what is important is Hamlet and A Midsummer Night ’s Dream , not who wrote them , but that somebody did .
The artist is of no importance .
Only what he creates is important , since there is nothing new to be said .
Shakespeare , Balzac , Homer have all written about the same things , and if they had lived one thousand or two thousand years longer , the publishers would n’t have needed anyone since .
INTERVIEWER
But even if there seems nothing more to be said , is n’t perhaps the individuality of the writer important ?
FAULKNER
Very important to himself .
Everybody else should be too busy with the work to care about the individuality .
INTERVIEWER
And your contemporaries ?
FAULKNER
All of us failed to match our dream of perfection .
So I rate us on the basis of our splendid failure to do the impossible .
In my opinion , if I could write all my work again , I am convinced that I would do it better , which is the healthiest condition for an artist .
That ’s why he keeps on working , trying again ; he believes each time that this time he will do it , bring it off .
Of course he wo n’t , which is why this condition is healthy .
Once he did it , once he matched the work to the image , the dream , nothing would remain but to cut his throat , jump off the other side of that pinnacle of perfection into suicide .
I ’m a failed poet .
Maybe every novelist wants to write poetry first , finds he can’t , and then tries the short story , which is the most demanding form after poetry .
And , failing at that , only then does he take up novel writing .
INTERVIEWER
Is there any possible formula to follow in order to be a good novelist ?
FAULKNER
Ninety - nine percent talent ... ninety - nine percent discipline ... ninety - nine percent work .
He must never be satisfied with what he does .
It never is as good as it can be done .
Always dream and shoot higher than you know you can do .
Do n’t bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors .
Try to be better than yourself .
An artist is a creature driven by demons .
He do n’t know why they choose him and he ’s usually too busy to wonder why .
He is completely amoral in that he will rob , borrow , beg , or steal from anybody and everybody to get the work done .
INTERVIEWER
Do you mean the writer should be completely ruthless ?
FAULKNER
The writer ’s only responsibility is to his art .
He will be completely ruthless if he is a good one .
He has a dream .
It anguishes him so much he must get rid of it .
He has no peace until then .
Everything goes by the board : honor , pride , decency , security , happiness , all , to get the book written .
If a writer has to rob his mother , he will not hesitate ; the “ Ode on a Grecian Urn ” is worth any number of old ladies .
INTERVIEWER
Then could the lack of security , happiness , honor , be an important factor in the artist ’s creativity ?
FAULKNER
No .
They are important only to his peace and contentment , and art has no concern with peace and contentment .
INTERVIEWER
Then what would be the best environment for a writer ?
FAULKNER
Art is not concerned with environment either ; it does n’t care where it is .
If you mean me , the best job that was ever offered to me was to become a landlord in a brothel .
In my opinion it ’s the perfect milieu for an artist to work in .
It gives him perfect economic freedom ; he ’s free of fear and hunger ; he has a roof over his head and nothing whatever to do except keep a few simple accounts and to go once every month and pay off the local police .
The place is quiet during the morning hours , which is the best time of the day to work .
There ’s enough social life in the evening , if he wishes to participate , to keep him from being bored ; it gives him a certain standing in his society ; he has nothing to do because the madam keeps the books ; all the inmates of the house are females and would defer to him and call him “ sir . ”
All the bootleggers in the neighborhood would call him “ sir . ”
And he could call the police by their first names .
So the only environment the artist needs is whatever peace , whatever solitude , and whatever pleasure he can get at not too high a cost .
All the wrong environment will do is run his blood pressure up ; he will spend more time being frustrated or outraged .
My own experience has been that the tools I need for my trade are paper , tobacco , food , and a little whiskey .
INTERVIEWER
Bourbon , you mean ?
FAULKNER
No , I ai n’t that particular .
Between Scotch and nothing , I ’ll take Scotch .
Not long after I moved with my family to a small town in New Hampshire I happened upon a path that vanished into a wood on the edge of town .
Quotations
Father jailed for encouraging his teenage son to rape and marry his cousin , 12
The father of a teenager encouraged to marry and rape his 12 - year - old cousin was jailed for three years today .
The 54 - year - old man was arrested by Scotland Yard child abuse detectives over an arranged marriage at a house in Woolwich , south east London .
Investigators discovered a 16 - year - old boy was told by several family members to illegally marry the young relative and have sex with her .
The fathers of two teenagers who married in a sham Muslim ceremony were sentenced to jail at Wood Green Crown Court
The sham Muslim ceremony took place at his parents ' house in front of relatives in March last year .
The victim's mother alerted police and the teenage boy , his parents and the girl 's 29 - year - old father were arrested and questioned .
The Metropolitan Police said the boy , now aged 17 , was sentenced to an 18 - month supervision order at Wood Green Crown Court today .
He was also ordered to sign the sex offenders ' register after a jury found him guilty of raping a girl aged under 13 .
His parents , both aged 54 , and the girl 's father were convicted of inciting a child under 13 to engage in sexual activity following an illegal marriage .
The teenage boy 's mother received a 12 - month jail term , suspended for two years , and was ordered to undertake 200 hours ' community service .
The 12 - year - old victim 's father was jailed for three years and will be placed on the sex offenders ' register for life .
In a statement , the victim 's mother said : ' What happened to my daughter was a nightmare .
These convictions will help us move on .'
Detective Inspector Noel McHugh , who led the investigation , said the sentences should bring closure to a ' really awful crime ' .
He said : ' This has been an exceptionally challenging investigation and we are grateful to all those who assisted with the case and ensured the convictions .
' The offences committed are incomprehensible and the victim is a truly brave girl who suffered at the hands of those who should have offered her protection .
The girl and her mother assisted the investigation throughout . '
Comments for :
If we only saw this at the beach
MAHANOY TOWNSHIP , Pa.  Suspended by ropes from the top of a giant wind turbine , two men slowly descended down a long , silvery blade .
Then they got to work , and from 150 feet above the ground , the hum of a sander filled the air .
For Matt Touchette and Sequoia Haughey , it was another day at the office .
“ Pretty gusty wind , ” Mr. Touchette reported over a crackling radio from his bird ’s - eye perch .
Rope specialists like Mr. Touchette and Mr. Haughey have long filled a range of niche jobs , like inspecting big dams , cleaning Mount Rushmore and repairing offshore oil platforms .
But as wind farms have sprouted across the nation , rope companies have quickly expanded into a new line of work  fixing turbines so they last longer in the elements .
It ’s a dream job for rock - climbing types .
Rope Partner , the Santa Cruz , Calif. , company that employs Mr. Touchette and Mr. Haughey , was founded in 2001 by an avid climber , Chris Bley , after he learned the ropes , so to speak , from two Germans he met while scaling granite cliffs in Joshua Tree National Park in the 1990s .
The Germans were part of a rope - work team that helped wrap the Reichstag , where Germany ’s Parliament meets , in fabric as an art installation .
Among the broad selection of software offered in the KDE Software Compilation is Parley , an application for vocabulary training .
Recently people from Vox Humanitatis came in and provided a set of vocabulary data files for Parley for less known languages .
This piqued our curiosity , so we did an interview with Sabine Emmy Eller , CCO of Vox Humanitatis .
Tell us a bit about yourself
In real life I am a translator and consultant for language and international marketing .
Since 1994
I have been working as a freelance translator mainly in the technical , hardware and software localisation sectors .
My first experience with Open Source was around 2001 , and from 2004 on I am actively involved in projects of the Wikimedia Foundation .
My focus moved to less resourced cultures in 2005 which in the end led to the creation of Vox Humanitatis working with Bèrto ëd Sèra .
Today I am in charge of communication as CCO of Vox Humanitatis .
Sabine Emmy Eller Sabine Emmy Eller
What is Vox Humanitatis and what does it strive to accomplish ?
Vox Humanitatis is a not for profit organisation that cares about less resourced cultures .
Those are cultures which do not have that much power to produce content embedded into their own culture .
German for example is a powerful resourced culture because it has enough members , its own countries , a lot of content produced in that language / culture , etc .
But that is not true for the smaller cultures .
We are focused on developing opportunities for less resourced cultures , so that they can be perceived by their native bearers as an element of dignity and an opportunity for social promotion .
Starting from maintaining the culture by creating contents in the various languages and localizing software we establish a " virtuous circle " : we reinforce cultural diversity , while at the same time spreading " knowledge about the other " and tolerance among different native communities .
This even includes communities which do not have an ethnic base , like sign - language communities and the likes .
Of course the main goal of our activities is to help education in and for less resourced cultures so they can play a role again in everyday business .
This also aims to improve education in many countries in the world as it is important to take culture into account when creating educational materials .
Of course one main point of our activities is helping education for and within less resourced cultures taking their usage back into everyday business and to allow for a better approach to education in many countries of the world .
Further info can be found on voxhumanitatis.org and in the Scope and Goals section on that site .
How can people support and join the efforts of Vox Humanitatis ?
Good question ... there are many ways and all depends on the languages you might work on .
We have professional translators who help with the translation of terminology for the mayor languages , but also students who do the easier work .
Languages like Udmurt , Inari Saami etc. are mainly worked on by language enthusiasts that try to keep these languages alive .
Partly they are mother tongue speakers , partly just enthusiasts .
There is so much to do :-)
Currently we need help from people who could do the conversion work from the tables to kvtml , simply because this would mean that I do n't have to care about it and can care more about searching for new team members that can help with some of the 7000 languages in the world .
And yes , the work for Vox Humanitatis takes time , but when you then see the first educational material for a language that has approx .
400 speakers , that is a unique feeling .
What is your connection with Parley ?
Parley right now is used for vocabulary training , syllabification training and mathematics ( multiplication ) .
It is still not well known , but within our organisation people use it on KDE , Gnome and Windows XP without having trouble .
The first " testers " are my kids who have laptops with Edubuntu 9.04 .
They are in third class primary school and many ideas on what to do with Parley come from their needs at school .
In the background , the actual data is stored in Google Spreadsheet , in a second stage the data is going to be maintained with Ambaradan which will allow for much easier handling and data preparation .
Parley can and will be used from primary school level to university level .
Of course the available lessons will grow step by step and I hope we will have Ambaradan there soon , since it will help a lot when it comes to structuring the data for specific lessons ( schools etc. , depending on the books they use , need the data structured in different ways ) .
Right now it is simply too much work to get this done properly and therefore we concentrate on just integrating terminology and translating it in as many languages as possible .
By the way , much of the content created can also be used for KHangman .
It is relevant for us that whatever we do serves for more than " just one kind of exercise " .
Not all languages have many volunteers .
For example , look at Inari Saami which has only 400 speakers ( in 2001 ) - and we are getting content for this language right now .
Parley is perfect for this , because we can just create the study data " since the user interface is separated from the data .
So : first let people learn their mother tongue and then we can go ahead and start localising software , hopefully getting help from a team of new volunteers !
You said that Parley is used on Windows as well - is the cross - desktop nature of Parley important for your use case ?
Actually , I think it is important for the KDE community and Linux as a whole .
Most people see Linux and whatever is connected to it as some kind of magic that is hard to understand , they are afraid of an OS - change .
But when they use for example Parley or also KHangMan , they do n't even know that they deal with something connected with Open Source and Linux .
When they later find out what it really means they are astonished and realize that there is nothing strange , which is opening a door to Free Software in general .
What exactly is Ambaradan , and how do you use it together with Parley ?
Ambaradan is aimed to be a multilingual dictionary and a data storage engine .
It is still in early development and needs a bit more work before we bring it to the masses .
When it comes to Parley adding the data there has various advantages : we can collaboratively edit the data without the need to care about various tables like we have it now .
The same data can easily be linked and related with other data in order to form new content .
And once we have our version 1.0 out people can also work offline thanks to the data distribution scheme .
What is the status of KDE in your language - are the translations good ?
How does it compare to ( proprietary / free ) alternatives ?
Does KDE pay enough attention to languages other than English ?
There I have a problem to answer with my very own experience .
Being German : all is quite fine .
Other languages than the big ones : well you give people the possibility to localize into their languages and therefore it is a matter of doing it .
This is often a problem .
The Vox Humanitatis website features an article I recently wrote about " Localization the other way round " which highlights the problem .
Technically speaking , the biggest problem for small / rare languages wishing to join the Free Software and Linux train are not issues with KDE , but rather X and the cryptic procedure needed to " add a language to Linux " ( compare to a few minutes to make a new keyboard layout for Microsoft ) .
This is where the real bottlenecks are .
How popular / important is KDE / Free Software in your country and how important is it inside Vox Humanitatis ?
For Vox Humanitatis Free Software in general is very relevant .
KDE turned out to be our personal favourite , but we are not limited to it .
Without free software and free content we could not do what we are doing .
For many countries in the world having to pay for software and language content is simply not an option .
Besides using
Free computer applications we are also looking at mobile phone applications .
A large share of the market will mainly deal with cheap mobile devices - computers are simply too expensive .
This presents another advantage for Parley : the data created for it can be used on mobile phones , because there already is an application ( MobVoc ) working with it .
What are you missing from Parley right now ?
There are several points , but I would not ask the question this way : I do n't use Parley for learning lessons , but to create them .
So I look at it in a completely different way .
We need actual users , students , to get us feedback about real - life use cases .
There is only one thing that IMHO would be great :
When you open a lesson it should be possible to give instructions on how to deal with it .
Since Parley can be used also for grammar exercises , mathematics , yes / no questions and answers etc .
It would be nice to be able to say " To answer these question please type y for yes and n for no " .
Or maybe " to be able to work with this exercises in an efficient way you should use the multiple choice option " .
Of course these instructions can become much longer though I would keep them as short as possible in order to avoid too much text to be translated .
Are you in contact with the developers and if so , were you able to share ideas and feature - requests ?
Yes , we are in touch and we agreed to co-operate as much as possible .
Of course we share ideas and talk about features that would be nice to see .
Everybody really does what he / she can to get things on the way .
Thanks for the interview !
It is great to see our products helping others in their efforts to make the world a better place .
Fossils of Martian bugs found on meteorite that landed on Earth 13,000 years ago
New evidence has made it more likely that remnants of Martian microbes were transported to Earth in a meteorite , it was revealed today .
A study by scientists from the American space agency Nasa has found chemical signatures in the rock strongly associated with life .
The discovery strengthens the case for believing that worm - like structures in the meteorite are ' microfossils ' of ancient Martian bugs .
Life on Mars : Studies of the Allen Hills meteorite have revealed what appear to be fossils of bugs from the planet
A microscopic view of the rock which was found in 1996
Sceptics have pointed out that similar - shaped structures could be formed from non-biological processes .
Another unanswered question is whether the microfossils were the result of contamination by Earthly bacteria .
This was originally ruled out by Nasa but has raised doubts in the minds of other experts .
The meteorite , catalogued as Allen Hills ( ALH ) 84001 , crashed onto the frozen wastes of Antarctica 13,000 years ago and was recovered in 1984 .
Scientists believe the rock was blasted off the surface of Mars by an asteroid or comet , reaching Earth after floating through space for around 16 million years .
It would have formed part of the planet 's crust at a time billions of years ago when many experts believe water flowed on the surface of Mars , and conditions were suitable for life .
Intrigue : Scientists have been trying to pinpoint signs of life on Mars for years
In 1996 Nasa and the White House made the explosive announcement that the rock contained traces of Martian bugs .
Photographs were released showing elongated segmented objects that appeared strikingly lifelike .
However , the excitement did not last long .
Other scientists questioned whether the meteorite samples were contaminated .
They also argued that heat generated when the rock was blasted into space may have created mineral structures that could be mistaken for microfossils .
The new study was conducted using advanced high resolution electron microscope techniques which were not available 13 years ago .
News of the findings , expected to be released soon by Nasa , was leaked to the space news website Spaceflight Now and picked up today by the Sun newspaper .
The research was led by Dr Kathie Thomas - Keprta and members of the original team at the Johnson Space Centre in Houston , Texas , that claimed to have found evidence of life in the meteorite .
It focused on a more detailed analysis of magnetite crystals - tiny magnetic particles - and carbonate discs within the rock .
Certain bacteria on Earth are known to contain magnetite crystals , which they are believed to use as tiny compasses to help them navigate .
Fossils : A close - up of the Red Planet shows the craters on its surface
The crystals form unusual shapes when associated with bacteria which can be seen in ALH 84001 , it is claimed .
In addition the scientists say the chemical purity of the features they studied points to biology rather than geology , and a possible interaction with water .
Dr Dennis Bazylinski , from the University of Nevada at Las Vegas , who reviewed the findings submitted for publication in the journal of the Geochemical and Meteoritic Society , told Spaceflight Now : ' I think the paper is really excellent .
I work on magnetic bacteria , and one indication there was life on ancient Mars are these particular magnetite crystals in the meteorite that look like they came out of magnetic bacteria .
' At first , I thought there might have been an error .
I have no doubt about that now .
I know there is no error .
' The big question is can these things be reliable magneto fossils , and that is a matter of debate .
But it turns out that the magnetic bacteria make some very unique shapes of magnetite crystals .
And one of the organisms we work with on Earth makes particles that look virtually identical to what we see from Mars in the meteorite . '
Spaceflight Now said the data provided " a powerful new case " for believing the meteorite carried traces of extraterrestrial life , according to its sources .
Jonathan Stark , a mobile and web application developer , has released his book titled ‘ Building iPhone Apps with HTML , CSS , and JavaScript ’ , online under Creative Commons Attribution - Noncommercial license .
Book Description :
Now web designers and developers can join the iPhone app party without having to learn Cocoa ’s Objective - C programming language .
It ’s true :
You can write iPhone apps quickly and efficiently using your existing skills with HTML , CSS , and JavaScript .
This book shows you how with lots of detailed examples , step - by - step instructions , and hands - on exercises .
Learn how to build iPhone apps with standard web tools
Refactor a traditional website into an iPhone web app
Hook into advanced iPhone features ( e.g. accelerometer , geolocation , vibration , and sound ) with JavaScript
Do most of your development with the operating system of your choice
[ singlepic id=212 w=133 h=175 float=left ]
You can read the entire book online or purchase pre-order it at Oreilly.com
When police in Peru announced that they 'd broken up a criminal gang who roamed the Andes killing peasant farmers , draining the fat from their dead bodies , and then selling it to European cosmetics manufacturers for use in expensive anti-aging skin creams , there was widespread shock and revulsion although medical experts were quick to sound a note of scepticism .
A functioning kidney , or liver , is worth thousands of dollars , but there is no black market in human fat , they pointed out .
Surgeons carrying out liposuction operations throw away gallons of the stuff each week .
Yesterday , the experts were vindicated .
Peru 's police chief was forced to sack his top organised crime investigator amid growing evidence that he and several colleagues deliberately invented the elaborate story to cover up evidence of officers being involved in dozens of unlawful killings .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
A fortnight ago , the sacked officer , General Felix Murga had claimed to have arrested four members of " an international criminal network trafficking human fat " .
The " gang " had carried out between 30 and 60 murders a year , in the country 's central Huanuco province he had claimed .
The macabre details of the alleged gang 's activities garnered international media attention .
And opposition politicians now believe that police invented the story to divert attention from allegations that officers had killed 46 suspects in 2007 and 2008 in the coastal town of Trujillo .
" My hypothesis is that they were mainly trying to cover up the tremendous revelation of extrajudicial killings of criminals in Trujillo made by Ricardo Uceda ... in Poder magazine , " the former deputy interior minister , Carlos Basombrio , wrote on his blog yesterday .
If so , then the senior cops certainly knew how to tell a tall story .
At the original press conference , they played a video of one suspect " confessing , " before showing off two soft drink bottles filled with a yellow fluid they said was human fat that had been decanted for export fetching prices of nearly £ 10,000 a litre .
Journalists were told how victims were approached on remote roads and lured to a hut in the jungle .
There the police claimed , they were bludgeoned to death .
Heads , arms and legs were cut off , the police had claimed .
Major organs were removed and discarded .
Candles were placed beneath the torsos , so that melting fat would dribble into pots and other collecting vessels .
Investigators in Huanuco , who complain they were excluded from the inquiry , now believe the four arrested men , who are still in custody , had carried out only one murder , linked to the cocaine trade .
They say they may have bottled that victim's fat to intimidate rivals in an area rife with drug trafficking .
Scientists have found that acidic ozone water can effectively kill H1N1 viruses , with the advantages that it leaves no environmentally harmful residue and is inexpensive to prepare .
Image credit : Wikimedia Commons .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Scientists have found that acidic ozone water can deactivate H1N1 viruses very effectively , offering a promising disinfectant for the millions of people trying to avoid the disease .
Acidic ozone water ( AOW ) is made from regular tap water mixed with a small amount of acid such as hydrochloric acid , along with an ozonized gas that can be produced in the lab .
After deactivating the virus , the substance eventually decays into plain water , leaving no residue or harmful materials in the environment .
Scientists Han Uhm of Ajou University in Korea , along with Kwang Lee and Baik Seong of Yonsei University in Korea , have published the results of their study on the H1N1 disinfectant in a recent issue of Applied Physics Letters .
Besides being environmentally benign , AOW also has the advantage that it may cost significantly less to prepare compared with chemical disinfectants .
During the past several months , H1N1 has infected thousands of people worldwide and has proven to be a highly contagious disease .
Attempts to combat the disease have included preventative vaccines and the use of disinfectants to prevent the spread of the disease .
However , most of these disinfectants have chemicals that can harm the environment .
In the current study , the researchers found that they could make neutral water acidic by mixing a very small amount of hydrochloric acid into the water .
Adding just 22 grams of hydrochloric acid to one ton of neutral water can change the pH value of the water from 7 to 4 .
As the scientists explain , the negative chlorine ions have a sterilizing effect on viruses , and a strong acidity in general also has a sterilizing effect .
Although acidic water itself can partially inactivate the H1N1 virus , the scientists also added an ozone gas concentration of more than 10 mg / liter to the water to enhance the sterilization effect .
All the viruses were killed after five minutes of mixing the acidic ozone water with about 430,000 viruses in the environment .
When observing the number of viruses killed in a given time , the researchers found that the acidic ozone water had a synergic effect , outperforming the sum of the individual effects of acidic water and ozone water .
Part of the reason for the enhanced sterilization is that , while ozone decays over time due to impurities , the acidification of water slows the decay , prolonging the time of disinfection .
In another experiment , the researchers found that E. coli cells treated with acidic ozone water at pH 4 and an ozone concentration of 20 mg / liter destroyed the cell envelopes .
Based on this observation , the scientists speculate that acidic ozone water may work by destroying the H1N1 virus envelopes , disabling their ability to establish an infection .
“ Most of the virus inactivation experiments in our lab have been conducted using the host cells for viruses , ” Uhm told PhysOrg.com .
“ The host cells used were the cells from advanced animals like green monkey kidney cells , human cells , or egg cells .
These cells are breeding well even after the exposure to acidic ozone water .
Meanwhile , the microbe cells are killed very effectively by AOW .
I believe that some kinds of antioxidant in the advanced cells may protect the cells from ozone attack .
But the microbe cells without the antioxidant may be destroyed by the strong oxidation activity of ozone in AOW . ”
Uhm added that the AOW could be used in a variety of areas to avoid the spread of H1N1 .
“ AOW may be abundantly available due to its easy preparation , ” he said .
“ I am not an industrialist , but a scientist .
I do not have any specific plan to make it available by myself , but some capable people may do .
The AOW may be useful in hospitals , in livestock industries , in dairy farms , in seafood industries , or in agriculture .
I initially studied the AOW for protection of mankind from an attack of bio weapons . ”
More information : Han S. Uhm , Kwang H. Lee , and Baik L. Seong .
“ Inactivation of H1N1 viruses exposed to acidic ozone water . ” Applied Physics Letters 95 , 173704 ( 2009 ) .
Copyright 2009 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
Explore further Combination of technologies works best against E. coli
What Type Are You ?
Depression may not be a walk in the park , but being down in the dumps could make a person better at facial recognition , research shows .
( Image credit : Stockxpert . )
Our personalities do more for us than determine our social circles .
Temperament can impact a person 's physical health .
" The idea that behavior or personality traits can influence health is one that 's been around for a long time .
We 're just now getting a handle on to what extent they do , " said Stephen Boyle of Duke University Medical Center in North Carolina .
From those with a chill demeanor to the completely frazzled types , mental factors are ultimately tied to physical health .
And while a highly neurotic person might deteriorate more quickly than others , not every character trait will kill you .
Some might even boost lifetimes .
Cynicism
If you think relationships do n't take hard work or that passion should n't fade if you 're really in love , think again .
( Image credit : Dreamstime )
Cynics who tend to be suspicious and mistrustful of others , a character trait that scientists refer to as hostility , may have an increased likelihood of developing heart disease .
" These are n't necessarily hot - headed people , but people who are more likely to read into people 's behavior as some hostile motive , " Boyle said during a telephone interview .
In a study of more than 300 Vietnam veterans who were healthy at the study start , Boyle found that those who scored high on measures of hostility were about 25 percent more likely to develop heart disease .
Boyle and his colleagues think that hostile individuals might experience more stress , which can cause spikes in an immune - system protein called C3 that has been linked with various diseases , including diabetes .
In fact , the participants with higher scores on hostility showed an increase in these proteins while the non-hostile men showed no such increase .
Lack of Meaning
Even though Latino men are just as likely as whites to be depressed , they are much less likely to get treatment .
( Image credit : © Laurin Rinder | Dreamstime.com )
If you lack a sense of purpose , your stay on Earth could be truncated .
A study involving more than 1,200 elderly participants who did n't have dementia at the study 's start found that those who indicated having a high purpose in life were about half as likely to die over the study period , which lasted up to five years .
The results , published in the June 15 issue of the journal Psychosomatic Medicine , held regardless of a person 's age , sex , education and race , along with level of depression and neuroticism .
" Persons with high purpose readily derive meaning from and make sense of the events of their lives , and likely engage in behaviors and activities that they deem important , " said study researcher Patricia Boyle of the Rush Alzheimer 's Disease Center in Chicago .
Some other research has suggested that people with a higher sense of purpose may have different levels of stress hormones , better heart health or improved immune systems , though more research is needed to firm up any of these biological mechanisms , she said .
The opposite also holds : " The findings from our study suggested that people who no longer set and work actively toward goals or enjoy their day - to - day activities ( how they spend their time ) are those with greater mortality risk , " Boyle told LiveScience .
Lots of Fretting
Like staying up late ?
The downside may be a splitting headache .
People who are highly neurotic — a href = " http://www.livescience.com/5665-neurotic-die-prematurely.html ">constantly worried and anxious , and prone to depression — die sooner on average than their chill counterparts .
And a recently reported study of nearly 1,800 men followed over a 30 - year period suggests that 's partly because neurotics are also more likely to smoke .
Perhaps having a cigarette eases anxiety , said study researcher Daniel Mroczek of Purdue University in Indiana , adding that such a short - term payoff might not be worth it if it kills you down the line .
Lack of Self - Control
An isolated shot of a businessman with yellow sticky notes all over his face , which a has an expression that says , ' I forgot something . '
Shutterstock ) ( Image credit : Orange Line Media
Late for appointments ?
Ca n't keep your desk organized ?
No self - control ?
These seeming benign qualities could take a toll on your health .
A review of more than 20 studies and nearly 9,000 participants revealed people who are conscientious — organized , self - disciplined , as opposed to impulsive — live two to four years longer than others .
Study researcher Howard S. Friedman of the University of California , Riverside suspects the boost in lifetime can be attributed partly to the fact that highly conscientious individuals are less likely to smoke or drink to excess , and live more stable and less stressful lives .
The study is detailed in a 2008 issue of the journal Health Psychology .
Anxiety
A businesswoman sitting at table and holding head in hands .
Shutterstock ) ( Image credit : Dmitriy Shironosov
The jitters can put a strain on your noggin , research suggests .
Compared with the highly frazzled , Individuals with a mellow demeanor who are outgoing may be less likely to develop dementia , which can be caused by Alzheimer 's disease and other illnesses .
The claim is based on a study that followed more than 500 elderly individuals for five years .
Among the outgoing extroverts , dementia risk was 50 percent lower for participants who were calm compared with those who were prone to distress .
Gloom and Doom
A new study of suicidal thoughts and behaviors in U.S. adults finds suicidal thoughts are the highest in Utah , and attempts are highest in Rhode Island .
( Image credit : © Ron Sumners | Dreamstime.com )
The gloomy , inhibited person is not just at a disadvantage socially , but also physically .
A preliminary study of more than 180 patients suffering from peripheral arterial disease ( plaque buildup in the arteries ) showed participants with so - called type D , or distressed , personality , had an increased odds of dying sooner than other people .
Type - D people are more likely to experience negative emotions while at the same time hold in their feelings .
The researchers , who detail their work in the August issue of the journal Archives of Surgery , suggest the personality type is linked with the body 's immune system as well as stress response system .
Stress
exhausted businessman in his office surrounded by files Shutterstock ) ( Image credit : Diego Cervo
Whatever you do , do n't let this list worry you !
Research is showing that prolonged stress can be deadly , and if it does n't do you in , workplace stress can increase your chances of heart disease , flu virus , metabolic syndrome and having high blood pressure .
A study of nearly 700 Israeli workers found that those who experienced job burnout ( when work stress becomes unmanageable ) were nearly twice as likely to develop type 2 diabetes , in which a person 's body becomes resistant to the sugar - regulating hormone called insulin .
And while a job promotion might boost your income , it also stresses you out .
British researchers recently found that when people get promoted , they suffer on average about 10 percent more mental strain and are less likely to find time to go to the doctor .
When it comes to IT security , is the best defense a good offense ?
That 's the thinking behind the open source Metasploit vulnerability testing framework , which is out with its new 3.3 release this week , sporting new features for researchers to deliver payloads and test wireless , database and browser security .
While Metasploit could potentially be used as a malicious tool , its intent is all about verifying security and keeping vendors honest , according to project leader H D Moore .
" Metasploit is a great way to enforce the ' trust by verify ' method of IT security management , " Moore told InternetNews.com .
" Often folks will install a patch , but forget to reboot the server or otherwise activate the fix .
This can lead to machines showing as ' patched ' in the sense that registry checks will return the correct information , but still being exploitable using a product like the Metasploit Framework . "
Metasploit is an open source testing framework first developed by Moore in 2003 .
One of its hallmarks since at least the 3.0 release is its ability to evade detection by antivirus and intrusion - prevention systems .
Again the focus for Moore is n't about being malicious , but about making sure that security systems actually work .
" In addition to patch verification , Metasploit does a great job of keeping security vendors honest , " Moore said .
" If a vendor claims that their device can stop a new exploit , put it to the test with the framework and determine whether that claim is true . "
With Metasploit 3.3 , the framework will push security vendors even further .
Among the new capabilities is the ability for the Metasploit exploit payload encoding library to embed Metasploit payloads into arbitrary executables .
Typically , antivirus vendors employ heuristics technology to scan for malware behavior patterns in order to identify bad executables .
Moore notes that Metasploit 3.3 has a way of getting around that too .
" We avoid the problem by allowing the user to specify their own executable as the base , " Moore said .
" This functions by overwriting a block of existing code in the target executable and then creating a new entry point that jumps to the injected block .
This allows penetration testers to use known - safe executables as the vector for delivering Metasploit payloads , since the icon , file size , and versioning information is preserved . "
Moore did note however that the Metasploit arbitrary payload solutions is not perfect and it could be possible for an antivirus security vendor to have a signature for defend against the payload .
That said , he added that the new feature raises the bar significantly from prior versions .
Metasploit 3.3 follows the 3.2 release by nearly a year .
One of the big features that Metasploit 3.2 introduces is what it calls browser auto - pwn , which provided an automated solution for testing Web browser security .
In Metasploit 3.3 , Moore noted that three major enhancements have been made .
" The first involves a rework of the entire module , allowing users to dynamically select exploits from the Metasploit module tree automatically , " Moore said .
" The fingerprinting capabilities of the module were overhauled to allow accurate browser targeting even when the browser has JavaScript enabled and cloaks its user agent .
Finally , a new payload feature has been activated allowing all exploits to share the same backend listener , cutting down on the number of open ports needed on the attacking host . "
Wireless security testing also gets a big boost in Metasploit 3.3 thanks to the inclusion of the Lorcon2 library .
Lorcon2 ( acronym for Loss Of Radio CONnectivity ) into Metasploit .
Lorcon is an open source network tool for Wi -Fi injection .
" The addition of the Lorcon2 library is a major change to how wireless attack tools will be developed in the future , " Moore said .
" Previously , it was possible to inject Wi -Fi traffic , but we had no easy way to listen for replies and perform meaningful interaction with a wireless device .
The Lorcon2 library abstracts the packet capture and injection routines , allowing existing tools , like airpwn and dnspwn , to be ported to Metasploit . "
Metasploit 3.3 also includes improvement to Oracle database vulnerability testing .
Moore noted that many of the Oracle features were integrated after security researcher Chris Gates ' Black Hat 2009 presentation on Oracle hacking .
He added that the plan is to continue to improve and extend Oracle support going forward .
The Metasploit project itself is also undergoing some changes as it transitions from being a hobby project started by Moore to being a commercially sponsored effort .
At the end of October , Metasploit was acquired by security vendor Rapid7 .
It 's a move that Moore notes will bring benefit to the Metasploit Framework .
" Rapid7 has provided development time , hardware , and project management support for this release , " Moore said .
" In terms of how development itself is handled , the only change is that I have help from a full - time development team and assistance from Rapid7 when we required additional resources .
Going forward , the development process will be streamlined , and Rapid7's QA resources will be used to help with the testing process . "
Kevin Chan ( aka Jackie ) is a Hong - Kong cop , who scores his first big hit by virtually single - handedly capturing and arresting a big drug- lord .
Of course , the drug - lord is n't too happy about this , and frames Kevin with the murder of another cop ( who happened to be on the take ) .
Kevin has to clear his name , whilst keeping himself from getting killed or arrested , and keeping his girlfriend from leaving him .
Written by Yaron < yaron@starlight.trendline.co.il >
Jerusalem ( CNN ) -- Israeli nuclear whistle - blower Mordechai Vanunu was arrested Tuesday by Israeli police for allegedly violating the terms of his 2004 prison release agreement .
Vanunu was convicted by an Israeli court in 1986 after being kidnapped from Italy by Israeli intelligence agents .
He was sentenced to 18 years for passing on information about Israel 's clandestine nuclear program .
Vanunu , who at the time worked as a technician at Israel 's nuclear research facility , passed information along to a British newspaper and led nuclear arms analysts to conclude that Israel possessed a stockpile of nuclear weapons .
Israel has neither confirmed nor denied that it has a nuclear weapons program .
Micky Rosenfeld , a spokesman for the Israeli police , said Vanunu was arrested for an unauthorized meeting with foreigners and was due in court later Tuesday .
Vanunu 's attorney , Avigdor Feldman , clarified that the arrest had to do with his client 's relationship with a Norwegian girlfriend and nothing to do with revealing state secrets .
The court ordered that Vanunu be put under house arrest for three days until an indictment is served , a police spokesman told CNN .
Speaking to reporters at a Jerusalem court , Vanunu said Israel and its leaders were " impotent " because they have nuclear weapons which they are not able to admit they have .
" This Jewish state has 200 atomic ... hydrogen bombs , atomic weapons , neutron bomb , " he said .
" They are not able to say they have the bomb , they are not able to destroy anyone .
... Instead they arrest Vanunu Mordechai . "
At the time of his release in 2004 , the Israeli Justice Ministry said in a statement that it believed there was a " high degree of probability that Vanunu wishes to divulge state secrets , secrets that have yet to be divulged . "
According to the terms of Vanunu 's release , he is prohibited from leaving the country or making contact with foreign residents without advance permission .
But ever since then , Vanunu has been arrested on a number of occasions for violations of his release agreement , and in 2007 he was sentenced to six months for not fulfilling his parole requirements .
In his remarks to reporters on Tuesday , Vanunu said that since his 2004 release he has met with foreigners " all the time " and that he had been living among foreigners .
John Mackey , the co-founder and chief executive of Whole Foods Market , refers to the company as his child — not just his creation but the thing on earth whose difficulties or downfall it pains him most to contemplate .
He also sees himself as a “ daddy ” to his fifty - four thousand employees , who are known as “ team members , ” but they may occasionally consider him to be more like a crazy uncle .
To the extent that a child inherits or adopts a parent ’s traits , Whole Foods is an embodiment of many of Mackey ’s .
A Whole Foods store , in some respects , is like Mackey ’s mind turned inside out .
Certainly , the evolution of the corporation has often traced his own as a man ; it has been an incarnation of his dreams and quirks , his contradictions and trespasses , and whatever he happened to be reading and eating , or not eating .
A year ago , Mackey came across a book called “ The Engine 2 Diet , ” by an Austin , Texas , firefighter and former professional triathlete named Rip Esselstyn .
Basically , you eat plants : you are a rabbit with a skillet .
Mackey had been a vegetarian for more than thirty years , and a vegan for five , but the Engine 2 book , among others , helped get him to give up vegetable oils , sugar , and pretty much anything processed .
He lost fifteen pounds .
This thinking about his body dovetailed with a recession that left many shoppers reluctant or unable to spend much money on the fancy or well - sourced food that had been the stores ’ mainstay .
Mackey , in a stroke of corporate transubstantiation , declared that Whole Foods would go on a diet , too .
It would focus on stripped - down healthy eating .
Fewer organic potato chips , more actual potatoes .
He told the Wall Street Journal in August , “ We sell a bunch of junk . ”
The repudiation was rash , since Whole Foods would still be selling junk , of a kind .
Mackey , an unrepentant foot - in - mouther , as often a fount of exasperation as of inspiration , tried to explain that his comment had been misunderstood .
Mackey has been bewildered by the way some things that he has said or done have brought trouble on him and Whole Foods .
Public opinion can be capricious and — when you ’re a grocer , a retail brand , and a publicly traded company — hard to ignore or override .
Two years ago , Mackey passed through one of the roughest stretches of his life .
The Bush Administration , in an uncharacteristic spasm of antitrust vigilance , was fighting Whole Foods ’ purchase of a competitor , Wild Oats , contending that the merged company would unfairly corner what the Federal Trade Commission called the “ premium natural and organic supermarket ” sector .
Meanwhile , the Securities and Exchange Commission was investigating Mackey : for nearly eight years , he had been secretly logging onto an Internet message board devoted to Whole Foods stock under the sock puppet , or pseudonym , “ rahodeb ” ( an anagram of Deborah , his wife ’s name ) , praising his own company , disparaging Wild Oats , and throwing in a flattering remark about his hair ( “ I think he looks cute ! ” ) .
Mackey , for years a media and stock - market sweetheart , was suddenly recast as a monopolist , a fruitcake , and a sneak .
The share price fell , and , even though the government eventually let the deal stand ( with a few concessions from Whole Foods ) and gave the sock puppetry a pass , many wondered how Mackey managed to hold on to his job .
During this period , Mackey sought succor in spiritual practice .
He engaged a friend , a follower of the Czech transpersonal psychologist Stanislav Grof , to guide him through a therapeutic session of holotropic breathing .
“ I had this very powerful session , very powerful .
It lasted about two hours , ” Mackey said in an inspirational CD set he released last year called “ Passion and Purpose : The Power of Conscious Capitalism . ”
“ I was having a dialogue with what I would define as my deeper self , or my higher self . ”
He had a pair of epiphanies , one having to do with severed relationships that needed healing .
The other was that “ if I wanted to continue to do Whole Foods , there could n’t be any part of my life that was secretive or hidden or that I ’d be embarrassed [ about ] if people found out about it .
I had to let go of all of that , ” he said .
“ I ’m this public figure now . ”
He could n’t “ embarrass the company , ” he told me .
“ I have to grow up ” — he is fifty - six .
“ I ca n’t have affairs with women .
One of the things that happened was you have more money and you have more opportunities for such things .
And those are sort of off - limits .
You ca n’t do that .
Think of Mark Sanford , in South Carolina . ”
His vows of discretion apparently allow for a great deal of latitude .
He talks openly about his fixations and eccentricities — most of them , anyway .
( “ I am not going to talk about my sex life , ” he told me , without my having asked him to . )
His blend of guile and guilelessness is peculiar .
“ I no longer drink alcohol around journalists , ” he said .
He worries that he reveals too much .
He ca n’t help but speak his mind , out of which spring confounding ideas and conventionally irreconcilable contradictions .
The man who has perhaps done as much as anyone to bring the natural - foods movement from the crunchy fringe into the mainstream is also a vocal libertarian , an orthodox free - marketer , an admirer of Milton Friedman , Ronald Reagan , and Ayn Rand .
In the 2008 Presidential election , he voted for Bob Barr — Ron Paul was n’t on the ballot .
The right - wing hippie is a rare bird , and it ’s fair to say that most of Whole Foods ’ shoppers have trouble conceiving of it .
They tend to be of a different stripe , politically and philosophically , and they were either oblivious or dimly aware of Mackey ’s views , until the moment , this summer , when Mackey published an op - ed piece in the Wall Street Journal asserting that the government should not be in the business of providing health care .
This was hardly a radical view , and yet in the gathering heat of the health - care debate the op - ed , virally distributed via the left - leaning blogs , raised a fury .
In no time , liberals were organizing boycotts of Whole Foods .
( Right - wingers staged retaliatory “ buy - cotts . ” )
Mackey had thrown tinder on the long - smoldering suspicion , in some quarters , that he was a profiteer in do - gooder disguise , and that he , and therefore Whole Foods , was in some way insincere or even counterfeit .
No one can say that he has n’t brought it on himself .
“ I have my own views , and they ’re not necessarily the same as Whole Foods ’ , ” Mackey told me .
“ People want me to suppress who I am .
I guess that ’s why so many politicians and C.E.O.s get to be sort of boring , because they end up suppressing any individuality to conform to some phony , inauthentic way of being .
I ’d rather be myself . ”
“ He ’s a ready - aim - fire guy , and he ’s not real disciplined in how he speaks his mind , ” Gary Hirshberg , the C.E.O. of Stonyfield , the organic milk and yogurt producer , told me .
“ He has a really hard time reconciling his public and private selves . ”
Mackey ’s resilience has surprised even those who , like Hirshberg , hold him in high esteem .
“ John has that Clintonesque ability to hang in there , ” Hirshberg said .
“ He is Whole Foods management ’s greatest asset but also , at times , its greatest challenge . ”
Depending on where you are on the spectrum of epicurean cultural politics , you may consider Whole Foods to be a righteous grocer or a cynical con , a prod to self - improvement or a gateway to decadence , a neighborhood boon or a blight , a force for social good or a place to pick up chicks .
To the likes of Wal - Mart and Costco , it has been an impetus to carry healthier , more judiciously sourced food .
To small neighborhood natural - or gourmet - food shops , it has sometimes been an impetus to go out of business .
It has enabled organic and artisanal producers to scale up , and put pressure on the giants to at least pretend that they are scaling down .
It has less than a one - per-cent share of the American grocery market , yet it has unquestionably transformed the way Americans produce , buy , and eat food .
Its name , justifiably or not , is shorthand for a food revolution .
To some , Whole Foods is Whole Paycheck , an overpriced luxury for yuppie gastronomes and fussy label - readers .
Or it is Holy Foods , the commercial embodiment of environmental and nutritional pieties .
To hard - core proponents of natural and organic food , and of food production that ’s local , polycultural , and carbon - stingy , Whole Foods is a disappointment — a bundle of big - business compromises and half - steps , an example of something merely good that the perfect can reasonably be declared an enemy of .
It ’s a welter of paradoxes : a staunchly anti-union enterprise that embraces some progressive labor practices ; a self - styled world - improver that must also deliver quarterly results to Wall Street ; a big - box chain putting on small - town airs ; an evangelist for healthy eating that sells sausages , ice cream , and beer .
The most perplexing paradox of them all , and in many respects their root source , is Mackey himself .
I met him in a conference room at the company headquarters , in Austin .
He slipped in through a door in the conference room and made a comment to a colleague about a book of Wendell Berry poems .
We talked briefly about Frisbee golf , his game of choice .
He was dressed in khakis , a pleather belt , trail shoes , and a green polo shirt with a Whole Foods logo .
He is not a guy who cares a lot about how he looks , unless he cares a lot about appearing not to care .
He has angular eyebrows and tousled hair .
His disposition was serene , but you could sense a prickly , Jesuitical undercurrent coursing beneath it .
He speaks softly , with a gentle Texas twang .
The health - care op - ed ’s headline , “ THE WHOLE FOODS ALTERNATIVE TO OBAMACARE , ” was the Journal ’s , Mackey says , but the sentiments were his .
Mackey ’s prescriptions ranged from the obvious ( people need to eat better ) to the market - minded ( promote interstate competition among insurers ) to the dreamy ( the corporations will take care of us ) .
The gist was that , together , they ’d obviate the need for a federal plan , and that the course being pursued by the White House and the Democrats would have disastrous consequences .
He led with an epigram attributed to Margaret Thatcher : “ The problem with socialism is that eventually you run out of other people ’s money . ”
Before submitting the op -ed , he showed it to Lanny Davis , the former Clinton White House special counsel , who represented Whole Foods in its antitrust battle .
Davis told me that he “ prodded John a little to think like a liberal , ” and he reckons that the Thatcher quote was ill - advised .
Still , he blames “ left- wing McCarthyism ” for the outrage that greeted the piece .
“ I was so viciously attacked for two reasons , ” Mackey told me .
“ One is that people had an idea in their minds about the way Whole Foods was .
So when I articulated a capitalistic interpretation of what needed to be done in health care , that was disappointing to some people . ”
He begrudges the extent to which people have projected onto Whole Foods an unrealistic and idealistic vision of the company .
“ The C.E.O. of Safeway , Steven Burd , wrote an op - ed piece in June advocating , basically , market solutions to the health - care problem , and nobody gave a shit , ” he said .
Of course , Whole Foods has always held itself up as a paragon of virtue .
It is an article of faith that it is , as Mackey often says , a mission - based business .
It has seven “ core values , ” which are , broadly speaking , commitments to the fulfillment and equitable treatment of all “ stakeholders ” — customers , employees , investors , and suppliers — as well as to the health of the populace , of the food system , and of the earth .
Whole Foods ’ claim to righteousness is , in many respects , its unique selling point .
If the mission is sincere , so is the commitment to making money .
Mackey is adamant , and not merely unapologetic , that his company — any company — can and should pursue profits and a higher purpose simultaneously , and that in fact the pursuit of both enhances the pursuit of each .
“ Whole Foods itself is a market - based solution , ” he said .
“ We ’re a corporation .
We are in capitalism .
We have to compete with Safeway and Wal - Mart and Kroger and Wegmans and Trader Joe’s .
What ’s odd about it is that that ’s what we ’ve always been .
We ’re not a co-op . ”
To “ the people that really dislike us , ” he said , “ Whole Foods is a big corporation , so they think that we ’ve crossed over to the dark side .
Kind of the Darth Vader myth , that somehow or another we ’ve become bad because we ’ve become large . ”
Trees are an essential part of nature , and if you appreciate nature you ’ll be wowed by pictures and photos of beautiful trees .
I ’m not quite sure what it is but I ’m drawn to trees .
Something about their shape , majesty , intricacy and symbolism awe me and I just want to look at tree photos all day long .
Trees are simple yet chic , and they have a certain mystic aura about them that leaves you mesmerized .
So , it ’s no surprise that they are very photographic .
You can take different pictures of a particular tree in different seasons and get a wonderful collection of beautiful tree pictures .
This article is a collection of the most beautiful pictures of the most beautiful trees around the world .
Quite possibly , this is the best compilation of most beautiful tree photography post I have ever made .
This collection contains special effect based photography such as HDR and infrared photography , but most of them are just plain clicks .
It ’s the beauty of nature that I wanted to share here , not mastery of photography .
The post also contains trees from all seasons .
You will find pictures from the winter when snow forms icicles and give them a harsh mythical look , pictures from autumn when the trees turn gold and cast a gloom all over , there are also pictures of summer when trees give shelter from the stroke of weather … and of course you will also find beautiful pictures of spring when these trees get refreshed .
Beautiful Tree Pictures from Around the World
Nature is really beautiful , and trees , an integral part of nature , are proof of the incredible majesty that our world has to offer .
Take some time to reconnect with nature and gaze at some of its wonders - in the form of trees .
You will be surprised at what you ’ll discover .
This post is solely for inspiration and aspiration of photographers ( and everybody else ) .
One intention I had for creating this post is that I love trees and I want everybody to respect them and try to plant them as many as they can .
You do n’t have to agree with me , but I believe trees are very important to our world .
In this article , you ’ll find
Beautiful photos of trees at sunset
Stunning photos of trees during summer
Enthralling photos of trees in autumn
Inspiring pictures of trees in winter
Miscellaneous photos of beautiful trees
A compilation of awesome HDR tree photos
How to capture beautiful tree photos
If you enjoy this post , why not check out this stunning collection of most beautiful flowers photography .
I ’m sure you ’ll enjoy it just as much as you enjoyed this collection of beautiful trees .
Beautiful Photos of Trees at Sunset
Twilight .
It ’s really hard to say when trees look the most beautiful .
It ’s a tight debate between sunrise and sunset , and no matter what side you choose , you ’ll agree that trees look fabulous during sunset .
Sunsets are generally breathtaking , and with a combination of beautiful trees the feeling the view invokes is indescribable .
It ’s no wonder people sit out just to enjoy this spectacle .
Here is a compilation of beautiful photos of trees at sunset .
Did You Hear Her Whisper ?
Still Standing
To Be Alive
Tree Of Light
Breaking Out
Incandescent red
Shadow
The Clearing
Seasons gone
The Heart of Trees
Sunset with Trees
Sunset in the Trees
Red sunset
Spirit Trees
Peace and Quiet
Falling Trees
Stunning Photos of Trees During Summer
Between the summer months of June to August , trees take up a stunning appearance .
This is because they bud , sprout , and grow fruits during this period .
They ’re lush , full and green .
Everything is bright and resplendent , creating a vivid exciting atmosphere .
Throw in a ray of sun in the photo and everything becomes eerie , in a cool amazing way .
Here are some stunning photos of trees during summer .
Oak Sunshine
Sunbathing
In one of these days
green
The Lost Pyramid
Pulvis Et Umbra Sumus
Symphony of Light
My Mind
Elfik
Curves
A tree reflected in the sky
Brand New Day
welcome to …. fairy …tale …
Hidden Treasures
No Forest For Black Trees
Round Trees
Trees and more Trees
White Trees
Blood Tree
Old Trees and New Trees
Enthralling Photos of Trees in Autumn
Autumn is the time when trees shed their leaves , in preparation for the cold weather .
In this moment they appear very different from how they used to .
They change their colors this time and shed their leaves as well .
Here , I ’ve gathered some beautiful photos of trees in autumn which are mesmerizing .
red tree
Zephyr
Dream On
His Own Life
Autumn Morning
Under red trees
Time Machine
free to decide
Eden I
Timeless Giant Beautiful Trees
Autumn tree
Tree in autumn
Inspiring Pictures of Trees in Winter
Winter is the time that tree form and structure take center stage , and a whole new level of interest can be gained .
This time they paint a serene tranquil atmosphere .
In place of the leaves they ’ve shed you see tapering ice cubes and everything is so peaceful .
It makes you wanna gaze all day long .
Lost Paradise
Do You Need a Blanket ?
Frozen Lake , Trees and a Hill
A Secret Life Of Ghost Trees ..
Urban Ghost Trees Redux
Snow Covered Tree
They Need Us …
Iced
Ice Tree
Infrared Path to Cotton Candy
Miscellaneous Photos of Trees
This is a collection of trees in no particular order .
Nevertheless , they make an eye - catching spectacle .
These photos are taken with the utmost care .
As a result they are inspiring and beautiful .
They ’ll speak directly to you if you take a moment or two to settle down and really observe them .
Giant Trees
Either Side Of The Sun
Colder
Night Vision
Arbor
Foggy morning
Bois de la Chaise 2
Embrace of the
Witches
Relax ( infrared )
a New Perspective
Delusion Of Divine
A beautiful day
Trees in Mist
Tormented Tree
Climate Change & Air Quality Focus of Funding
Giant Trees
Beautiful HDR Trees
High Dynamic Range imaging ( HDRI or just HDR ) is a set of techniques that allow a greater dynamic range of luminances between the lightest and darkest areas of an image than standard digital imaging techniques or photographic methods .
This wider dynamic range allows HDR images to more accurately represent the wide range of intensity levels found in real scenes , ranging from direct sunlight to faint starlight .
( Wikipedia )
HDR Photography is always beautiful but when it come to Trees it gets even better .
Hope you enjoy it 🙂
Gloom
Monas 1
Pink Trees HDR
Tineretului HDR 01
HDR - Beach -3
Fence HDR
Sun behind trees version 2
the stormy cherry tree
Thoughts Of You
HDR - Trees
Shadows and tall trees 2
Springtime Warmth II
Rippled Mirror
New Day HDR
Half Tree HDR
Medical Science says that trees are a guarantee of blessing for our health .
I believe in this faith , not only because of medical science recommendation but its fascinating beauty .
It is the symbol of life .
So we dedicate this post , and all the pictures therein , to trees and life itself .
Tree Photography Tips
Before I leave you , I ’d like to share some tips about taking beautiful tree photos .
Or would n’t you like to know how you can take such beautiful pictures ?
Here are the secrets :
Foreground : this is the most crucial element in tree photography .
What makes a tree beautiful is its place in the surroundings .
Make sure you include sufficient amount of foreground , not just the background and your photo will look much better .
Roots :
These are important .
They can add a lot of expression in your image .
Always take a look at the roots of the tree and decide if they should be added in the image .
Sometimes it is enough to take pictures of the roots alone .
Bark : set your focus on the bark , if you focus leaves and / or flowers but not the bark , your image will never look good .
Scale objects : you can include a person or anything else to show the scale of a tree .
However , scaling is not always necessary .
You ’ll need to make a decision of whether you need the scale depending on the size and structure of your tree .
Get high : I mean it in the literal meaning .
Get on a higher plane so that you could be at the height of your focal object .
Timing : some trees look best in bright sunshine , some look good during the twilight hour .
You need to find the best time to click your tree , so you should visit your tree in different times of the day to find the best light settings .
Experiment : we have the power of digital photography , we do n’t have to care about films and their development anymore … so why not experiment with angles , distances , POVs and everything else .
You should .
YOU MUST .
Idea :
If the tree you are clicking is approachable and you can keep visiting it , how about a timelapse photo .
Take a photo from the same place in different seasons .
In addition , here ’s a video sharing tips taking photos of trees .
And , that ’s it for now .
If you liked this collection , do n’t forget to share it , and also check out this posts showcasing of spring pictures .
I ’m sure you ’ll love it .
Suleman ’s response was very matter - of - fact .
After her last successful round of I.V.F. , Suleman said , she was left with 17 or 18 frozen eggs .
For her last pregnancy — which resulted in twins — her doctor had “ transferred in ” five eggs .
“ So , ” she said , “ O.K. , we ’ll just re-enact that .
And so he transferred in five or six .
And we got negative results .
Then he tried six .
Negative results .
And then he transferred in six more .
And then this happened !
That ’s why this was beyond my wildest imagination — who would have ever imagined that that would happen ? ”
Campbell pressed her , asking , “ Where did the desire to have another child come from ? ”
She interrupted him .
“ You do n’t understand , ” she said .
“ If you have these frozen embryos that are there , and they were writing you letters saying , We are charging you this much , and it ’s going up and up and up every month that they are stored — you can either use them or destroy them .
You ’re like , O.K. , I have six already .
What ’s another ?
And maybe it wo n’t even work .
So , I just decided to take the chance because I did n’t want to destroy the embryos .
That was the main focus — not like : ‘ Oh , gosh !
I really want eight !’
People were thinking , ‘ Oh , she wanted so , so many . ’
No ! ”
The conversation turned to plastic surgery .
Suleman looked at a photo of Angelina Jolie and herself and said she saw no resemblance whatsoever .
In fact , she said , “ I wanted to go on a talk show and talk about this , ” trotting out an explanation she used many times before — that she merely looked as if she had had plastic surgery because of the weight gain during her pregnancy .
What is it like to be linked so often to famous people — Michael Jackson ( speculation flew about whether she ’d been asked to the funeral ) , Jon and Kate and her supposed involvement in their split ( at the time there were rumors she was dating Jon ; now it has been reported she may star in a two - hour reality show in which they meet for the first time , “ Jon - Kate = Jon + Octomom , ” for what is said to be at least $ 1 million apiece ) ?
“ You have to laugh , ” she said .
When you ’re the Octomom , rumors are spun about you out of sheer spite .
That was one thing she learned from her experience .
You had to learn how to let go .
You had to keep your sense of humor about life .
“ One of the funniest things I ’ve ever heard , ” she said , “ was a Denny ’s joke .
It said there was a new thing on the menu , that you could get eight eggs , no sausage and the person in the next seat gets to pay the bill .
I thought that was absolutely hilarious ! ”
She laughed — what one of the crew members called her manic - depressive laugh .
It was a strangely loud snort .
“ Ha! Ha! Ha ! ” like a comic - book laugh .
Among all the odd moments I witnessed during my visits with Suleman , there were genuine ones too , as when I watched her at what the family jokingly calls “ the octotable , ” a semicircle with eight little holes for eight babies to sit in , looking like the multiarmed Hindu goddess Kali , appearing to feed three babies at once while wiping the mouths of two others .
I had seen her silence the near - constant din of eight babies crying .
It happened one day after mealtime .
She began to sing “ Itsy Bitsy Spider , ” and suddenly , silence .
One by one , the babies left off crying and looked up at her , transfixed , with total adoration .
Mama !
The disconnect between her genuine - seeming commitment to motherhood and her haphazard approach to so many aspects of it was , for Campbell , the greatest paradox about Suleman .
Was she exploiting her kids ?
No !
Life had happened to her , she insisted .
She studied for a master ’s in child psychology .
She wanted to be a psychiatrist .
She hated the news media and the lack of privacy , the intrusion on her children ’s innocence , the mockery .
But really .
“ People are like , ‘ Oh , why do n’t you go to work ? ’ ” Suleman said into the camera that day .
“ O.K. , think about the reality of that situation : I leave , I go to work , I ’m away from them all day , I make — how much ?
$ 15,000 a year ?
O.K. , I need that at least every two months .
So , how on earth is that going to work ?
That ’s absurd .
You live in my life one day and you ’ll see , you ’ll realize : it ’s ludicrous . ”
Can someone get me my beta blockers ?
You have to have a bottle of something close by if you dare to read the financial news on any given day .
Like , oh , say , Monday , the Day of Atonement : Businessweek reports that over in the rigid class - based United Kingdom , even they have the guts to reign in the banker class , with new plans to ban annual banker bonuses :
British Treasury chief Alistair Darling said Monday that annual bonuses for bank executives will be outlawed in an attempt to curb excessive risk - taking in the country ’s huge financial sector .
Darling told the governing Labour Party ’s annual conference that new legislation to restrict how the payments are made will be introduced in Parliament within weeks .
Meanwhile in the United States , which was founded as a meritocracy - based antidote to the United Kingdom , overthrowing the stifling class system of King George ’s England …over here , we ’re the last suckers in the Western world too in awe of our Wall Street plutocrats to dare upset their gravy train , according to Reuters :
President Barack Obama‘s “ pay czar ” said on Friday he will not cap compensation for the top employees at bailed - out companies , and will not reveal names , when he releases the first wave of decisions within a few weeks .
That ’s right , this is a free country by gum !
We ’re free to get poorer by the year , and if there ’s one thing we ’re still Number One at , it ’s that no Western country ’s middle class gets poorer with more enthusiasm than 21st century Americans .
No one sees their share of wealth constantly fall further and further behind the super - wealthy , no one watches them transfer our wealth into their offshore bank accounts better than we do , according to the AP :
The wealthiest 10 percent of Americans – those making more than $ 138,000 each year – earned 11.4 times the roughly $ 12,000 made by those living near or below the poverty line in 2008 , according to newly released census figures .
That ratio was an increase from 11.2 in 2007 and the previous high of 11.22 in 2003 .
Household income declined across all groups , but at sharper percentage levels for middle - income and poor Americans .
Median income fell last year from $ 52,163 to $ 50,303 , wiping out a decade ’s worth of gains to hit the lowest level since 1997 .
That last bit needs to be repeated : the wealthiest 10 percent earn a bigger share of wealth now , in the crisis , than at any time on record !
While the average American ’s income dropped to where it was 12 years ago .
And the worst thing of all …is that we seem to like it this way .
This American fantasizes about fighting for his freedom from Islamo - commies .
Meanwhile , Wall Street plutocrats rob his house every single night , and he does n’t do a damn thing about it .
If you thought this sort of feudal tendency collapsed with the financial crisis and the “ socialist ” Obama Presidency , you , sir , ma’am , are …well , you ’re just another American sucker , that ’s all .
You forgot that you live in an oligarchy , and that means all of us , and this entire country , are little more than a playground / casino for the super - wealthy barons who lord over us .
It is n’t our country anymore ; it ’s theirs .
Only that could explain why , even as the crusty class - based Brits are reigning in their bankers , over here , the bankers are running wild again , gambling taxpayer bailout billions on the very same derivatives that destroyed the global economy in the first place :
U.S. commercial banks earned $ 5.2 billion trading derivatives in the second quarter of 2009 , a 225 percent increase from the same period last year , according to the Treasury Department .
More than 1,100 banks now trade in derivatives , a 14 percent increase from last year .
Four banks control the market : JPMorgan Chase , Goldman Sachs , Bank of America and Citibank account for 94 percent of the total derivatives reported to be held by U.S. commercial banks , according to national bank regulator the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency .
The credit risk posed by derivatives in the banking system now stands at $ 555 billion , a 37 percent increase from 2008 .
“ By any standard these [ credit ] exposures remain very high , ” Kathryn E. Dick , the OCC ’s deputy comptroller for credit and market risk , said in a statement .
You look at this and you really have to ask yourself : how much rape and pillage can the American peasantry take ?
How insanely passive can we possibly be ?
Are we shooting for some kind of world record in the “ Raped & Looted Marathon ” ?
Are we out to beat the notoriously passive Russian serfs ’ record of taking it and taking it ?
Because remember , even the downtrodden Russian peasantry had a breaking point .
What could possibly get Americans to stand up for themselves and fight ?
Oh yeah , sorry , forgot : if you offer Americans health care , they ’ll definitely fight you .
To the death .
Update : I should have added that the United Kingdom is just one of several European countries that ’s moving to limit insane banker compensation .
According to an I should have added that the United Kingdom is just one of several European countries that ’s moving to limit insane banker compensation .
According to an AP article earlier this month :
STOCKHOLM — Seven European countries on Friday called on G - 20 leaders to put together strict limits on bonuses to bank executives , calling excessive payouts not only “ dangerous ” but also “ indecent , cynical and unacceptable . ”
In a joint opinion piece in Swedish daily Dagens Nyheter the finance ministers of Sweden , France , Spain , Germany , Italy , Luxembourg and the Netherlands said risks related to payouts should be surveilled very strictly .
“ Bonuses guaranteed for more than a year should be banned .
Bonuses should be paid out over a number of years and should mirror the individual ’s and the bank ’s actual performance over time , ” the ministers wrote .
“ We have to stop some financial actors from returning to the same destructive behavior as before , ” they wrote .
“ We have to be very clear : this behavior is not just dangerous , it is indecent , cynical and unacceptable .
It is a punch in the face of all the people who are quickly becoming unemployed . ”
The initiative follows a similar move Thursday by the leaders of France , Germany and Britain .
In a joint letter to the Swedish government — which currently holds the rotating European Union presidency — France ’s Nicolas Sarkozy , Britain ’s Gordon Brown and Germany ’s Angela Merkel said it was especially important to forge international rules to rein in traders ’ bonuses .
So let ’s get this straight : Old Europe , birthplace of medieval feudalism , has the political testicles to bring its banker - class to heel .
The reason the Europeans moved to a single position on banker bonuses earlier this month was because they knew they ’d have to negotiate with the United States of Oligarchs–in other words , they ’d be negotiating with a banker - run oligarchy , rather than a democracy like what they have in Old Europe .
See , no matter how hard the Europeans work to reign in their bankers , it ’ll all be in vain if America does n’t get some control over Wall Street .
So guess what happened at the negotiations last week in the G20 meetings ?
Guess who fucked it all up for the world ?
French President Nicolas Sarkozy had threatened to walk out of the meeting unless leaders agreed to impose a specific “ ceiling ” on bankers ’ compensation as a way to curb irresponsible risk - taking .
The idea of a hard cap on bankers ’ bonuses had been rejected by the United States , and leaders are working toward a joint statement that calls more generally for restraints on pay .
Yup , we ’re the pigs , folks .
The last thing America wants is to do anything that might piss off its ruling class .
The punchline in all of this is an old Wall Street propaganda campaign , which seems to be picking up steam lately , to blame the whole crisis not on the way they overleveraged and destroyed the financial system , but rather , on China , whose sin was that they saved too much money , which then was foisted on the poor hapless Wall Street bankers , who then had no choice whatsoever but to create all the toxic mortgage instruments that destroyed the economy .
It ’s the most bizarre , counter - intuitive bullshit line imaginable , but since the same deluded sociopaths who drove the economy to ruin are still gainfully employed in the same banks , what else can you expect but counter - intuitive bullshit from these conmen as they ramp up for another mass - looting ?
What , you expected them to reform their behavior all on their own , like Mr. Magoo ’s Scrooge character ?
90 Almost as many people watched the inauguration of Barack Obama in January 2009 .
In his inaugural speech , he described himself as the 44th President of the United States , but only 43 men have actually held the office .
How ?
For the next two hours I looked on as Meyers painstakingly went over musical cues with Zimmer and his team , tweaking a bar ever so slightly here , revising a string of notes more decisively there to get at the exact sound she heard in her head .
“ Bar 6 through 27 , ” she said in her authoritative yet undivalike manner .
“ The whole thing sounds like one crescendo .
The piece should grow in intensity . ”
And about a scene in which Streep asks Martin if he thinks she ’s too old for him , Meyers said : “ She can do the heavy lifting of the line .
Do n’t make it somber . ”
Meyers , who loves Frank Sinatra ( she sent him a fan letter proposing marriage when she was 12 ) , Burt Bacharach and the Beatles , clearly regards this part of moviemaking as being as important as getting the right angle on a shot .
She looked over at me , conscious that she might be seen as overly controlling , and quoted Truffaut : “ Making movies is an accumulation of details . ”
And a little later , she remarked that “ directing redefines multitasking . ”
As if to prove her point , she used the occasional 10 - minute breaks in scoring to do everything from cleaning her hands ( “ How can you see a hand sanitizer and not use it ? ” ) to Skyping on her computer with her second - camera unit as it took establishing shots of the swing outside the house of Streep ’s character .
“ Get away from the chains , ” she instructed them .
“ Now raise it up a little bit . . . more .
No , too high . ”
It was late in the afternoon by now and everyone else appeared to be slowing down except Meyers , who hummed happily to herself .
Watching Meyers at her rigorous fine - tuning , I was struck by how deftly she got her point of view across without grinding anyone down in the process .
Her editor , Joe Hutshing , who also worked with Meyers on “ The Holiday ” and “ Something ’s Gotta Give , ” describes her manner as “ very persistent — in an encouraging way .
If she ’s feeling differently about anything , she tries to coax you into giving her what she wants in a way that ’s not reprimanding or dictatorial . ”
Indeed , in the two days I spent with her , one of her more noticeable traits was her friendly attitude toward various assistants .
At one point , when she started to fall over the strap of someone ’s bag , she said , “ Ooh , ” before catching herself and then apologizing to the bag .
It would be tempting to attribute Meyers ’s uninflated manner to her being female — to having been trained from birth in the art of the soft sell — except for the fact that she is more straightforward than girlish , more clear than coy .
“ She ’s just really smart and does n’t seem to be impeded by all the weirdness that everyone brings to whichever gender they are , ” says Helen Hunt , who starred in “ What Women Want . ”
“ She must have had great parents .
I can only assume she had great mothering . ”
But with all that , there is no missing the fact that there is an iron will behind Meyers ’s velvet - gloved presentation ; that she is what Jack Nicholson terms “ an indomitable force . ”
Nicholson , who worked with Meyers in “ Something ’s Gotta Give ” and refers to her as a “ taskmaster ” — he affectionately calls her “ the chief ” — says that he would n’t put her directorship “ on a gender basis . ”
He recalls one argument he had with Meyers over a particular shirt he wanted to wear in the film that she objected to and he insisted on wearing all the same .
“ I still like the shirt , ” he grumbles genially into the phone , as though this little contest of wills just took place the day before .
“ It ’s a memorable shirt . ”
All the same , given her apparent lack of hubris , it ’s easy to forget just how important a player Meyers actually is within the Hollywood system ; aside from Nora Ephron , it is hard to think of another female director with as recognizable a cinematic imprint as hers , a certain look and feel that you can point to and credit , for better or worse , as uniquely hers .
Image Nancy Meyers may have become the most powerful female director in Hollywood by making , as one critic said , ‘‘ sweet little middle - class romances . ’’
Credit ... Photo Illustration by Zachary Scott .
Prop Stylist : Brandon Klein .
III .
PART AND PARCEL of that uniqueness is Meyers ’s focus on making films that both feature and speak to middle - aged women , a demographic that studios traditionally ignore for fear of not bringing in the all - important opening - weekend numbers by which a movie ’s position is assessed and its future success seemingly foretold .
The simple truth is that any movie that is not aimed at 15 - year - old boys , who come out in droves on Friday night for movies like “ Transformers , ” is seen as something of a risk .
Movies like “ It ’s Complicated ” unfold at the box office in a different pattern than movies that are skewed younger ; their success is based more on long - range playability and word of mouth than on instant impact .
Still , in a movie culture consumed by youth and its trappings — vampires , werewolves , stoners and superheroes —
Meyers ’s decision to pay attention to a part of the population that is often construed ( and often construes itself ) to be invisible stands out in bold relief .
The fact that this decision has proved to be commercially shrewd says something about her instincts as a moviemaker but also says something about a previously unsatisfied hunger , composed of two parts daydream and one part hope , that is finally being addressed .
“ She ’s a pioneer with regard to representing older women , ” Diane Keaton said over lunch at the Beverly Hills Hotel .
“ She ’s the only one delivering the fantasy for women over 55 .
You ’re beautiful , charming and you get two guys instead of one . ”
Meyers , then , has rushed in where angels fear to tread to rescue the middle - aged and manless woman from her lonely plight .
She has taken this sorry creature , who is bombarded with reminders of her vanished youthfulness everywhere she turns , and placed her in an alternate universe , where she is not only visible but desirable just the way she is .
( It helps , of course , if she looks like Diane Keaton or Meryl Streep , and if she gets to wear a carefully chosen wardrobe of flattering clothes . )
“ Feminism did n’t admit the longing for romance , ” Barbara Probst Solomon , a writer and critic , says .
“ And it also did n’t admit that romance often did n’t go with success .
Her movies give women their reward — you feel nourished , the way you used to feel about old - time Hollywood movies .
You ’re not just an old bag sitting with your laptop at the beach — you ’ve got your prince .
It permits you to have your fantasy . ”
It is not unique , of course , that Meyers ’s vision of life is unabashedly romantic — call it retro or call it postfeminist — but what sets it apart is that she is putting it at the disposal not of unformed 18 - year - old girls but of accomplished 50 - something women for whom romance is generally no longer considered an option , either because they are too old or because they are too threatening .
In this sense she is proposing the somewhat radical notion that there are second acts in women ’s lives and that they do n’t necessarily hinge on being a desperate housewife in search of the next “ It ” bag or a cougar on the prowl .
Far from it .
The interesting thing about “ Something ’s Gotta Give ” and “ It ’s Complicated ” is that the women in them are n’t remotely on the hunt , seeking proof of their sexual appeal in the form of studly younger men — or men their own age , for that matter .
These women are self - sufficient and notably energetic .
They may not have men , at least when we first meet them , but they make do with friends and children and siblings , for whom they whip up tasty dinners and homemade pies and laugh over their own situations .
When men do appear on the scene , whether in the form of a babe - chasing player like Jack Nicholson ’s Harry or Alec Baldwin ’s renewedly impassioned Jake ( or Dennis Quaid ’s Nick Parker in “ The Parent Trap , ” for that matter ) , they awaken dormant desires that nevertheless have to be fit into pre-existing , busy lives .
“ It was a window into my future , ” says Elizabeth Hayt , a friend of mine in her late 40s who considers “ Something ’s Gotta Give ” to be a cultural lodestar , “ and it gave me amazing hope that I was going to remain vital , sexy and , even more than that , desirable for my accomplishments to men of all different ages , statuses and backgrounds .
It was everything that the image of the woman past her prime is n’t . ”
Uomini e computer a braccetto hanno decifrato il più aggressivo fra i tumori : il glioblastoma che colpisce il cervello .
L'esperimento è stato condotto sui topi di laboratorio , in cui le cellule maligne hanno smesso di proliferare .
E la rivistaha deciso di pubblicare l'articolo che descrive la ricerca nella sua edizione online , saltando i tempi imposti dalla stampa .
Lo studio ( che ha ottenuto un finanziamento straordinario di circa tre milioni di dollari da parte dell ' amministrazione Obama già a livello dei risultati preliminari ) è stato condotto da un gruppo di scienziati italiani .
Ma ben lontano dal nostro Paese .
Antonio Iavarone e Andrea Califano , alla testa dell ' équipe dei ricercatori , si sono ritrovati alla Columbia University di New York dopo aver abbandonato l'Italia .
E alla prestigiosa istituzione americana , che ha sostenuto i loro esperimenti , appartengono ora i brevetti ricavati dagli studi , insieme ai diritti sui farmaci che saranno sviluppati da qui in poi .
Antonio Iavarone in particolare divenne un caso emblematico del trattamento riservato alla ricerca nel nostro
Paese quando decise di denunciare gli episodi di nepotismo subiti all 'università Cattolica di Roma con la moglie Anna Lasorella ( che ha co- firmato la pubblicazione di oggi su ) .
" Il nostro primario - raccontarono a Repubblica nel 2000 - ci rendeva la vita impossibile .
Ci imponeva di inserire il nome del figlio nelle pubblicazioni scientifiche .
Non lasciava spazio alla nostra autonomia di ricerca .
Per alcuni anni abbiamo piegato la testa .
Poi abbiamo deciso di denunciare tutto .
Da quel momento , era chiaro , non avremmo più potuto mettere piede nel laboratorio .
Ce l'avrebbero fatta pagare troppo cara " .
La linea di ricerca di Iavarone e Lasorella consiste nel cercare i geni all ' origine dei tumori del cervello .
Ma questa volta le loro provette si sono alleate con la potenza di calcolo dei computer .
E insieme ad Andrea Califano - che alla Columbia insegna bioinformatica - l'équipe di scienziati ha ricostruito la più vasta " mappa della circolazione stradale " di geni , segnali chimici e fattori di trascrizione che agiscono all ' interno di un tessuto quando un tumore si sviluppa .
" Siamo partiti - spiega Iavarone - da un gruppo di cellule malate prelevate dai pazienti .
Le abbiamo messe in coltura e attraverso un algoritmo informatico abbiamo osservato l'evoluzione della malattia .
In questo modo siamo risaliti ai " master genes " , i frammenti di Dna che guidano lo sviluppo del tumore " .
I due geni C / Ebp e Stat3 sono stati soprannominati la " Cupola " del glioblastoma .
Come dei veri e propri boss , distribuiscono pizzini alle altre cellule per cooptarle nel sistema perverso della malattia .
" Quando la coppia di geni è attiva simultaneamente , inizia ad " accendere " centinaia di altri geni che trasformano le cellule normali del cervello in cellule molto aggressive , con la tendenza a migrare ed estendere il loro raggio d'azione " , spiega Iavarone .
" Sopprimere la coppia di geni può rappresentare l'unica opportunità di trattamento per i pazienti che non rispondono alle cure usate finora " , aggiunge Califano .
La tecnica è stata sperimentata su un gruppo di topolini di laboratorio .
Le cellule malate sono state sottoposte a una terapia genica mirata a disattivare i due geni della " Cupola " .
La proliferazione del tumore è subito cessata .
Ma per portare il trattamento anche all ' uomo , cosa per cui ci vorranno ancora degli anni , si sta cercando una strada diversa rispetto alla manipolazione del Dna .
" Sperimentazioni di terapia genica sull ' uomo esistono .
Recentemente ne è stata avviata una per il tumore del fegato negli Usa - commenta Iavarone - Ma non c'è dubbio che trovare uno o più farmaci che interferiscano con i fattori di trascrizione dei geni , anziché sui geni stessi , rappresenterebbe una via più semplice " .
Il prossimo obiettivo degli scienziati italiani sarà proprio trovare il farmaco giusto : la sostanza chimica in grado di inceppare il sistema di comunicazione della " Cupola " e bloccare la circolazione dei pizzini .
" E ' proprio con questo fine - spiega lo scienziato - che l'amministrazione Obama , attraverso i National Institutes of Health , ci ha concesso il finanziamento straordinario .
Sono fondi che arrivano dallo " stimulus package " erogato per superare la crisi .
Negli Stati Uniti hanno capito che l'economia si rimette in moto anche così , con la scienza " .
Una cosa che l'Italia sembra non aver ancora capito , come Iavarone ha sottolineato ancora l'estate scorsa : " Il nostro non è certo un caso isolato " .
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News website
Tsukiji market in Tokyo is the final destination for a large proportion of bluefin
The body responsible for managing Atlantic bluefin tuna has decided not to suspend the fishery in response to concerns over dwindling stocks .
The International Commission for the Conservation of Atlantic Tunas ( Iccat ) instead decided to lower the annual catch quota by about one third .
Conservation groups said the decision would encourage illegal fishing .
Iccat scientists said recently that bluefin numbers were at about 15 % of pre-industrial - fishing levels .
They also said that drastic limits on fishing now would facilitate the growth of a more profitable industry in years to come , as stocks became more plentiful .
A number of conservation groups attending the Iccat meeting in Recife , Brazil said that delegations - led by the EU - had put short - term commercial concerns before the longer - term interests of both tuna and fishermen .
This will definitely encourage under- reporting of catches and illegal fishing
Xavier Pastor , Oceana " Since its inception , the International Commission for the Conservation of Atlantic Tunas has been driven by short - term commercial fishing interests , not the conservation ethic implied by its name , " said Sue Lieberman , director of international policy for the Pew Environment Group .
" Only a zero catch limit could have maximised the chances that Atlantic bluefin tuna could recover to the point where the fishery could exist in the future . "
However , the European Commission - which represents the EU - described the outcome as " strong " .
" It is a clear sign that the international community acknowledges the scale and magnitude of the problem and is ready and willing to work constructively with scientists , environmentalists and the industry to find the best possible compromise that will ensure the sustainable exploitation of this fragile stock and the viability of the industry concerned , " it said in a statement .
The Commission also noted that the option of a moratorium remains on the table " in case new assessments show ... there is a serious threat of fishery collapse " .
Illegal stimulant
The new quota allows 13,500 tonnes of bluefin to be caught next year in the Eastern Atlantic and Mediterranean , down from 19,950 tonnes .
The fishing season will also be shortened by one month for purse seine ships , which use nets to encircle and trap shoals of the lucrative fish , often when they are spawning .
However , the size of the quota is only one of the issues that has seen bluefin tuna numbers tumble over the last few decades .
Ted Danson : Plight of the bluefin Some countries , notably in southern Europe , have simply exceeded their annual quotas , while illegal and unreported catches are estimated to add a further 30 % to official numbers .
As stocks and quotas decline , vessel owners face the choice between keeping their expensive ships in port , or fishing ilegally .
" This ... will lead to individual vessel quotas that are too low to economically sustain fishing activities , " said Xavier Pastor , executive director of the Madrid - based conservation group Oceana .
" This will definitely encourage under - reporting of catches and illegal fishing . "
Most European governments back a recent proposal from Monaco to restrict trade in bluefin under the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species ( CITES ) .
The proposal will be tabled at the CITES meeting in March .
Last month , Iccat 's scientific advisors concluded that the notable decline from the " natural " level - before the era of industrialised fishing - would justify a ban .
But some countries are keen to keep management of commercial fish species within fisheries management organisations such as Iccat .
According to the Singapore - based Straits Times , an un-named Japanese fisheries official welcomed the meeting 's outcome , arguing that it would help " control the fish population under Iccat , not anything else " .
The US said it would consider whether to back the CITES bid after reviewing the outcome of this Iccat meeting , which it viewed as the organisation 's " last chance " to implement effective management for bluefin .
Richard .
Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Cost Of Japanese Postage Stamps
Here are the costs of Japanese postage stamps by category and date .
Rates For Letter - Post Items Rates Domestic mail rates include consumption tax .
As of September 1 , 2005 Classification Weight Rates First -
class
( Letters ) Standard - sized items ( Note 1 ) Up to 25 g 80 yen Up to 50 g 90 yen Nonstandard - sized items Up to 50 g 120 yen Up to 100 g 140 yen Up to 150 g 200 yen Up to 250 g 240 yen Up to 500 g 390 yen Up to 1 kg 580 yen Up to 2 kg 850 yen Up to 4 kg 1,150 yen Mini-letters ( letter - cards ) -- 60 yen Special local mail
( Note 2 ) Basic rates Standard -
sized Up to 25 g 65 yen Up to 50 g 75 yen Non -
standard -
sized Up to 50 g 100 yen Up tp 100 g 115 yen Up to 150 g 160 yen Up to 250 g 195 yen Special rates Bar- coded
( Note 3 ) Standard -
sized Up to 25 g 62 yen ( 50 yen )
Up to 50 g 72 yen ( 55 yen ) Sorted posting
( Note 4 ) Standard -
sized Up to 25 g 50 yen ( 49 yen )
Up to 50 g 55 yen ( 54 yen ) Non -
standard -
sized Up to 50 g 75 yen ( 74 yen )
Up to 100 g 85 yen ( 84 yen ) Up to 150 g 120 yen ( 119 yen ) Up to 250 g 145 yen ( 144 yen ) Second -
class
( Postcards ) Postcards -- 50 yen Reply - paid postcards -- 100 yen Third -
class
( approved peri -
odicals ,
unsealed )
( Note 5 ) Third - class mail other than below .
Up to 50 g
For each additional 50 g over 50 g up to 1kg 60 yen
+ 8 yen A single copy of or a number of copies equivalent to one - day 's mailed newspaper issue published at least three times a month and mailed by the publisher or distributor .
Up to 50 g
For each additional 50 g over 50 g up to 1kg 40 yen
+ 6 yen Periodicals published and posted by organizations for the physically / mentally disadvantaged .
Newspapers issued at least 3 times a month Up to 50 g
For each additional 50 g over 50 g up to 1kg 8 yen
+ 3 yen Other periodicals Up to 50 g
For each additional 50 g over 50 g up to 1kg 15 yen
+ 5 yen Fourth -
class
( unsealed ) Correspondence course
materials
( educational ) ( Note 6 ) Up to 100 g 15 yen For each additional 100 g
up to 1 kg ( 3 kg ) + 10 yen Braille for the blind , recordings
for the blind , braille paper for
the blind
( Note 7 ) Up to 3 kg Free Seeds and saplings
Up to 50 g 70 yen Up to 75 g 110 yen Up to 100 g 130 yen Up to 150 g 170 yen Up to 200 g 200 yen Up to 300 g 230 yen Up to 400 g 270 yen For each additional 100 g over 400 g up to 1 kg +50 yen Academic publications
( Designated by the Designated by the Director - General of the Postal Services Agency , ) Up to 100 g 35 yen For each additional 100 g up to 1 kg +25 yen
Editor 's note : CNN Contributor Bob Greene is a best - selling author whose new book is " Late Edition : A Love Story . "
( CNN ) -- Another wartime Christmas week has arrived .
Yet on the streets of the United States , it often feels as if this is a nation that has half - forgotten that its sons and daughters are in combat .
Not literally , of course ; Americans are intellectually aware that the campaigns in Afghanistan and Iraq continue .
And for the families of the young soldiers , sailors , Marines and aviators in combat zones , the wars never go away , even for a single tick of the clock .
But the lack of shared sacrifice during these war years -- the sense that those of us at home go on with our lives pretty much as usual while the men and women who have volunteered to be in uniform risk their own lives anew with each rising of the sun -- is a notion that is especially acute during the holiday season .
How have our lives changed during the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq ?
What has residing in an America at war done to the texture of daily life ?
The answer , if we 're candid , seems to be : not much .
" There was this feeling that was almost a part of the air itself during World War II , " a man named Joe Clark was telling me the other day .
He is 77 , a retired antiques dealer and clock repairman who lives in Pickerington , Ohio .
When he was a 10 - year - old boy growing up in Shelby , Mississippi , he had a newspaper route .
Every day , he would get on his Rollfast bicycle and deliver , to the people in his county , the two big newspapers from up in Memphis , Tennessee : the morning Commercial Appeal and the evening Press - Scimitar .
" The newspapers had maps on the front pages showing the developments in the war zones , " he said .
" Everyone followed the battle news , every day .
I did , even as a child .
The mood at home was determined by what was going on in the war .
It was a somber feeling : We were all at war , together . "
Today , we have the technological capacity to view live television pictures from war zones .
Yet there is this nagging feeling that most of the time , few at home pay particularly close attention .
People talk about their frustrations with the Wall Street banks ; people talk about the H1N1 vaccine and its availability , or lack of it ; people talk about the economy that never quite seems to find traction .
But the progress of the wars ?
As a day - to - day topic of constant conversation ?
" I think we'd be paying more attention if we were being asked to give up anything , " Clark said .
" The shortages of basic goods during World War II , the rationing , made it impossible ever to forget what we were all in the middle of . "
I have a book , dog-eared and yellowed over time , that I occasionally leaf through .
Written almost 40 years ago by social historian Richard R. Lingeman , its title tells its story :
" Do n't You Know There 's a War On ? "
The book is about the American home front during World War II , and of course everyone did , in fact , know that there was a war on .
The fascinating thing about the text is the details demonstrating how every aspect of daily life was changed by the war .
The products that were difficult for civilians to obtain : rubber and leather and sugar and metal and gasoline , all removed from unfettered circulation and conscripted for military use .
The ration coupons that were a part of every family 's life .
The way books , advertisements , movies and popular songs were transformed because they were being read , watched and listened to by Americans consumed by thoughts of war .
" The songs became more sentimental , and even if they were n't literally about the war , you could hear the meaning of the war beneath the lyrics , " Clark said .
" The songs were kind of wistful , and what they were saying was : ' I hope nothing bad happens to you .
I hope you come home quick . ' "
Thus it was , during the winter of 1943 , that Bing Crosby 's recording of " I'll Be Home for Christmas " became the pure distillation of American yearning .
It was the deepest wish of the soldiers and of their waiting families ; " I'll Be Home for Christmas " was anchored by the song 's softly shattering final words : " ... if only in my dreams . "
Today we say all the proper things when we encounter a soldier or a sailor ; " Thank you for your service " has become part of the language , and that is a good development .
But somehow it feels too easy ; somehow those words seem only to emphasize the idea that it is someone else doing the serving while those at home move through life as if little has been altered .
A boy whose bicycle was loaded down with fresh editions between 1941 and 1945 instinctively understood how wartime had changed the country in which he was growing up .
" The simplest way to put it , " Clark said , " is that I do n't think there was a single day when every person in the United States did n't think about the war . "
Speaking of newspapers , I have a copy of the Washington Evening Star , the Extra edition of August 14 , 1945 , carrying the announcement that the war was over .
The paragraph in the lead story that is inadvertently jarring is the third one , referring to what President Harry S. Truman has just told the nation :
" The President -- just three years , eight months and seven days after the Japanese sneak attack on Pearl Harbor -- announced the end of the war and decreed a two - day holiday of celebration for the American people . "
The sobering part is those words :
" ... just three years , eight months and seven days ... "
That is how long it took to fight and win World War II .
As this year 's wartime Christmas week arrives , the United States has been fighting in Afghanistan for more than eight years .
The United States has been fighting in Iraq for more than 6 ½ years .
While , at home , life goes on .
" Sometimes it feels like we do n't want to think about it , " said Joe Clark , who once upon a time , every wartime day , tossed battlefield news toward Mississippi front porches .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .
CONSTITUTION PARTY
PLATFORM
AS ADOPTED AT THE
2016 NATIONAL CONVENTION
April 15 , 2016
We declare the platform of the Constitution Party to be predicated on the​​ principles of :
The Declaration of Independence ,
The Constitution of the United States​​ and
The Bill of Rights ,
according to the original intent of the Founding Fathers .
These founding documents are the foundation of our Liberty and the Supreme Law of​​ the Land .
The sole purpose of government , as stated in the Declaration of Independence , is to secure our unalienable rights given us by our Creator .
When Government grows beyond this scope , it is usurpation , and liberty is compromised .
We believe the major issues we face today are best solved by a renewed allegiance to the original intent of these founding documents .
Preamble
The Constitution​​ Party gratefully acknowledges the blessing of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ as Creator , Preserver and Ruler of the Universe and of these United States .
We hereby appeal to Him for mercy , aid , comfort , guidance and the protection of His Providence as we​​ work to restore and preserve these United States .
This great nation was founded , not by religionists , but by Christians ; not on religions but on a foundation of Christian principles and values .
For this very reason peoples of all faiths have been and are​​ afforded asylum , prosperity , and freedom of worship here .
The goal of the Constitution Party is to restore American jurisprudence to its Biblical foundations and to limit the federal government to its Constitutional boundaries .
The U.S. Constitution established a Republic rooted in Biblical principles of governance , administered by representatives who are constitutionally elected by the citizens .
In such a Republic all Life , Liberty and property must be protected as unalienable rights from our Creator .
The Constitution of the United States provides that " no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States . "
The Constitution Party supports the original intent of this language .
Therefore , the Constitution Party calls on all those who love liberty and value their inherent rights to join with us in the pursuit of these goals and in the restoration of these founding principles .
We affirm the principles of inherent individual rights upon which these​​ United States of America were founded :
that each individual is endowed by his Creator with certain unalienable rights ; that among these are the rights to life , liberty , property , and the pursuit of happiness ;
that the freedom to own , use , exchange , control , protect , and freely dispose of property is a natural , necessary and inseparable extension of the individual 's unalienable rights ;
that the legitimate function of government is to secure these rights through the preservation of domestic tranquility , the maintenance of a strong national defense , and the promotion of equal justice for all ;
that history makes clear that left unchecked , it is the nature of government to usurp the liberty of its citizens and eventually become a major violator of the people 's rights ; and
that , therefore , it is essential to bind government with the chains of the Constitution and carefully divide and jealously limit government powers to those assigned by the consent of the governed .
Sanctity of Life
The Declaration of​ ​ Independence states :
" We hold these truths to be self - evident , that all men are created equal , that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights , that among these are Life , Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness " .
We affirm the God - given legal personhood of all human beings from fertilization to natural death , without exception .
The first duty of the law is to protect innocent life , created in the image of God .
No level of civil government may legalize or fund the taking of life without​​ justification .
Legalizing the termination of innocent life of the born or unborn , whether by abortion , infanticide , euthanasia or suicide , is a direct violation of their unalienable right to life .
As to matters of rape and incest , we empathize with those​​ abused and assert the need to provide immediate protection and care in a safe environment .
Instead of the further violence of abortion , the mother and the child should be provided with compassionate care .
We find it unconscionable to take the life of an innocent child for the crimes of his father .
We oppose the distribution and use of all abortifacients .
We oppose the use of third - party assisted reproduction that harms pre-born persons created in the process , involves surrogacy , or involves egg or sperm from donors other than the spouse .
All funding , statutes , and regulations authorizing biomedical research involving human embryos for cloning and human enhancement must be repealed .
In office , we shall only appoint to the judiciary , and to other positions of judicial and executive authority , qualified individuals who publicly acknowledge and commit themselves to the legal personhood of all human beings .
​​
In addition , we will do all that is within our power to encourage federal , state , and local government officials to protect the sanctity of the life of the pre-born through legislation , executive action , and judicial enforcement of the law of the land .
We oppose the use of tax - payer funds at any level of government to support any local , state , federal , or foreign government entity , or any other private organization or quasi - government entity , foreign or domestic , which advocates , encourages or participates in the practice of abortion .
Article IV of the Constitution guarantees to each state a republican form​​ of government .
Therefore , although a Supreme Court opinion is binding on the parties to the controversy as to the particulars of the case , it is not a political rule for the nation .
Roe v.
Wade is an illegitimate usurpation of authority , contrary to the Declaration of Independence and Constitution .
It must be resisted by all civil government officials , federal , state , and local , and by all branches of the government - legislative , executive and judicial .
We affirm both the authority and duty of Congress to​​ limit the appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme Court in all cases involving the personhood of all human beings in accordance with the U.S. Constitution , Article III , Section 2 .
Further , we condemn the misuse of federal laws against pro-life advocates , and strongly urge the repeal of statutes like the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances ( FACE )
Act as an unconstitutional expansion of federal power into areas reserved to the states or people by the Tenth Amendment .
Bring Government Back Home
The closer​​ civil government is to the people , the more responsible , responsive , and accountable it is likely to be .
The Constitution , itself , in Articles I through VI , enumerates the powers which may be exercised by the federal government . ​​
Of particular importance​​ is Article I , Section 8 which delineates the authority of Congress .
The federal government was clearly established as a government of limited authority .
The Tenth Amendment to the Constitution specifically provides that :
" The powers not delegated to the​​ United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the States , are reserved to the States respectively , or to the people . "
Over time , the limitations of federal government power imposed by the Constitution have been substantially eroded .
Preservation of constitutional government requires a restoration of the balance of authority between the federal government and the states as provided in the Constitution itself and as intended and construed by those who framed and ratified that document .
We pledge to be faithful to this constitutional requirement and to work methodically to restore to the States and to the people their rightful control over legislative , judicial , executive , and regulatory functions that are not constitutionally delegated to the federal government .
We stand opposed to any regionalization of governments , at any level , which results in removal of decision - making powers from the people or those directly elected by the people .
Character and Moral Conduct
John Adams , 2nd President and signer of the Declaration of Independence warned :
" Our Constitution was made only for a moral and religious people .
It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other . "
He also counseled :
" The people have a right , an indisputable , unalienable , indefeasible , divine right to that most dreaded and envied kind of knowledge – I mean of the character and conduct of their rulers . "
We threaten our very Constitution when we condone immoral conduct by our elected and appointed leaders .
Public respect and ​​ esteem toward public officials has fallen to a shameful level .
The Constitution Party finds that a cause of this national state of disgrace is the deterioration of personal character among government leaders , exacerbated by the lack of public outcry against immoral conduct by public office holders .
Our party leaders and public officials must display exemplary qualities of honesty , integrity , reliability , moral uprightness , fidelity , prudence , temperance , justice , fortitude , self - restraint , courage , kindness , and compassion .
If they can not be trusted in private life , neither can they be trusted in public life .
It is imperative that members and nominated candidates representing the Constitution Party and its state affiliates recognize the importance of demonstrating good character in their own lives .
Congressional Reform
US Constitution , Article 6 , Clause 3 :
" The Senators and Representatives ... shall be bound by Oath or Affirmation , to support this Constitution . … ” ​​
The Congress of these United States has​​ become an overpaid , overstaffed , self - serving institution .
It confiscates taxpayer funds to finance exorbitant and unconstitutionally determined salaries , pensions , and perks .
Most members of Congress have become more accountable to the Washington establishment than to their constituents .
Both chambers of Congress are all too often unresponsive and irresponsible , arrogantly placing themselves above the very laws they enact , and beyond the control of the citizens they have sworn to represent and serve .
It​​ is time for the American people to renew effective supervision of their public servants , to restore right standards and to take back the government .
Congress must once again be accountable to the people and obedient to the Constitution , repealing all laws​​ that delegate legislative powers to regulatory agencies , bureaucracies , private organizations , the Federal Reserve Board , international agencies , the president , and the judiciary .
The U.S. Constitution , as originally framed in Article I , Section 3 , provided for U.S. Senators to be chosen by state legislators .
This provided the states direct representation in the legislative branch so as to deter the usurpation of powers that are constitutionally reserved to the states or to the people .
The Seventeenth Amendment ( providing for direct , popular election of U.S. Senators ) took away from state governments their representation in the federal legislative process .
Since then , Congress has usurped power relatively unchecked , where today , very few members of Congress make it through a single session , without violating their oath of office to the Constitution .
If we are to see a return to the states those powers , programs , and sources of revenue that the federal government has unconstitutionally taken away , then it is also vital that we repeal the Seventeenth Amendment and return to state legislatures the function of electing the Senate .
In so doing , the U.S. Senate would return to being a body that represents the legislatures of the several states on the federal level and , thus , a tremendously vital part of the designed checks and balances of power that our Constitution originally provided .
We support legislation to prohibit the attachment of unrelated riders to bills .
Any amendments must fit within the scope and object of the original bill .
We support legislation to require that the Congressional Record contain an accurate record of proceedings .
Members of Congress are not to be permitted to rewrite the speeches delivered during the course of debates , or other remarks offered from the floors of their respective houses ; nor may any additional materials be inserted in the Record , except those referred to in the speaker 's presentation and for which space is reserved .
We seek to abolish Congressional pensions and other​​ benefits that extend beyond their term in office , and favor a conflict - of - interest provision that prevents former congressmen from lobbying for two years after leaving office .
Conscription
US Constitution , 5th Amendment :
“ No person shall be … deprived​​ of life , liberty , or property , without due process of law ; nor shall private property be taken for public use , without just compensation . ”
Conscription deprives a person of liberty without due process of law .
This is clearly prohibited by the 5th amendment .
Conscription is forcibly taking a person ’s labor — which is a form of property .
Allowing conscription removes a critical check on the unconstitutional expansion of the Executive Branch .
Compulsory government service is incompatible with individual liberty .
We oppose imposition of the draft , the registration law , compulsory military training or any other form of compulsory government service .
We support a well - trained and highly organized volunteer state home militia , and voluntary Reserve Officer Training Corps ( R.O.T.C. ) military training in our schools , colleges , and universities .
Constitutional Convention
We affirm the original text of the United States Constitution and the Bill of Rights .
We affirm that the nation 's Charter , the Declaration of Independence , and the Constitution contain the foundational law of the federal union .
We condemn , therefore , all legislative , executive , and judicial action that departs from the texts and intent of the Charter and the Constitution and their original meaning .
We oppose any attempt to call for a Constitutional convention , for any purpose whatsoever , because it cannot be limited to any single issue , and such convention could seriously erode our Constitutionally protected unalienable rights .
Copyrights and Patents
Article I , Section 8 of the Constitution states that Congress shall have the power :
" to promote the progress of science and useful arts , by securing copyright and patent protection for authors and inventors . ”
We oppose the unconstitutional transfer​​ of authority over copyright and patent policy from Congress to other agencies , domestic or foreign .
​​
We favor more vigorous efforts in both domestic and foreign markets to protect the interests of owners in their copyrights and patents .
Cost of Big Government
James Madison , Federalist Papers # 45
" The powers delegated by the proposed Constitution to the federal government are few and defined . ”
U.S. Constitution , 10th​​ Amendment
“ The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the States , are reserved to the States respectively , or to the people . ”
A legitimate and primary purpose of civil government is to safeguard the God - given rights of its citizens ; namely , life , liberty , and property .
​​
Only those duties , functions , and programs specifically assigned to the federal government by the Constitution should be funded .
We call upon Congress and the President to stop all federal expenditures which are not specifically authorized by the U.S. Constitution , and to restore to the states those powers , programs , and sources of revenue that the federal government has usurped .
We call upon the President to use his veto power to stop irresponsible and unconstitutional appropriations and refuse to spend money appropriated by Congress for unconstitutional programs or in excess of tax revenue collected .
Budget considerations are greatly impacted by the ever rising national debt .
Interest on the debt is one of the largest expenses of government , and unless the interest is paid , the debt will continue to grow as interest is added to interest .
We must eliminate the debt in the shortest reasonable time by :
Not spending more than collected revenues ;
Paying interest as it accrues ; and
Making annual reductions in the principal
We could eliminate the debt more rapidly by selling certain lands and other federal assets , including foreign military bases , and applying the proceeds exclusively to debt reduction .
One of the greatest contributors to deficit spending is war .
If the country is​​ to eliminate debt , these United States cannot become gratuitously involved in constant wars .
Constitutional government , as the founders envisioned it , was not imperial .
It was certainly not contemplated that America would police the world at the taxpayers '​​ expense .
We reject the misleading use of the terms " surplus " and " balanced budget " as long as we have public debt .
We oppose dishonest accounting practices such as " off - budget items " used to hide unconstitutional spending practices .
We call for an end to the raiding by the federal government of the Social Security , Railroad Retirement and Medicare funds .
We believe that over a protracted period the Social Security system may be privatized without disadvantage to the beneficiaries of the system .
However , ​​ the program has been in place since the 1930s , and workers and their employers were taxed for the program and paid in good faith .
​​
The government promised to deliver the benefits , and must meet this commitment .
We call for the abolition of the Civil Service system , which is perceived to confer on government employees a " property right " regarding their jobs .
Crime
St George Tucker was the pre-eminent constitutional scholar of the American founding era .
He published View of the Constitution of the United​​ States in 1803 as a comprehensive review of the Constitution of 1787 and the Bill of Rights .
Felonies not enumerated within the United States Constitution are , in Tucker ’s view , left within the jurisdiction of the state .
View of the Constitution of the​ ​ United States , p. 210-211 :
“ ... the very guarded manner in which congress are vested with authority to legislate upon the subject of crimes , and misdemeanors .
They are not entrusted with a general power over these subjects , but a few offenses are selected from the great mass of crimes with which society may be infested , upon which , only , congress are authorized to prescribe the punishment , or define the offense .
All felonies and offenses committed upon land , in all cases not expressly enumerated , being reserved to the states respectively . ”
US Constitution , Article I , Section 8 Clause 6 :
“ To provide for the Punishment of counterfeiting the Securities and current Coin of the United States ; ”
US Constitution , Article III Section 3 Clause 2 :
“ The Congress​​ shall have power to declare the Punishment of Treason ”
Amendment 10 :
“ The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the States , are reserved to the States respectively , or to the people . ”
Crime , in most cases , is to be dealt with by state and local governments .
To the degree that the federal government , in its legislation , judicial actions , regulations , and executive branch activities , interferes with the ability of the people in their communities to apprehend , judge , and penalize accused lawbreakers , it bears responsibility for the climate of crime , which has grown more destructive with each passing year .
We favor the right of states and localities to execute criminals convicted of capital crimes and to require restitution for the victims of criminals .
Federal involvement in state and local criminal justice processes should be limited to that which is Constitutionally permitted .
All who are accused of crimes , petty to capital , shall have a trial by jury upon​​ request , and the jury shall be fully informed of its right to nullify the law .
Furthermore , we oppose defendants being charged and tried by both state and federal jurisdictions under different laws for the same alleged criminal act , thus violating the constitutionally secured prohibition against double jeopardy .
We believe that all men are created equal and therefore deserve equal protection under the law .
We are opposed to all " hate crime " legislation at all levels of government , and to enhanced penalties​​ for so - called hate crimes .
We recognize that a result of the designation of " hate crime " is to extend federal jurisdiction to crimes which would otherwise be in the province of the states or local communities .
​​
We also oppose special protection or prosecution for certain classes of people or types of employment in that all persons , made in the image of God , deserve equal protection with equal prosecution for crimes committed against the innocent victims of crime .
Defense
“ The very purpose of Government ” , ​​ as defined in the 2nd paragraph of the Declaration of Independence , is :
“ … to secure these [ unalienable ] rights , Governments are instituted among Men… “ , “ … that among these are Life , Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness … “
To fulfill this obligation , the Preamble of the Constitution states one of the duties specifically delegated to the Federal Government is to :
“ Provide for the common defense . “
US Constitution , Article 1 , Section 8 , Clauses 11 – 16 give Congress further direction and authority in this area , including the power
“ To raise and support Armies ” and “ To provide and maintain a Navy . “
It is a primary obligation of the federal government to provide for the common defense , and to be vigilant regarding potential threats , prospective capabilities , ​​ and perceived intentions of potential enemies .
We oppose unilateral disarmament and dismemberment of America ’s defense infrastructure .
That which is hastily torn down will not be easily rebuilt .
We condemn the presidential assumption of authority to deploy American troops into combat without a declaration of war by Congress , pursuant to Article I , Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution .
Under no circumstances would we commit U.S. forces to serve under any foreign flag or command .
We are opposed to any New World Order , and we reject U.S. participation in or a relinquishing of command to any foreign authority .
The goal of U.S. security policy is to defend the national security interests of the United States .
Therefore , except in time of declared war , for the purposes of state security , no state National Guard or reserve troops shall be called upon to support or conduct operations in foreign theatres .
We should be the friend of liberty everywhere , but the guarantor and provisioner of ours alone .
We call for the maintenance of a strong , state - of - the - art military on land , sea , in the air , and in space .
We urge the executive and legislative branches to continue to provide for the modernization of our armed forces , in keeping with advancing technologies and a constantly changing world situation .
We call for the deployment of a fully - operational strategic defense system as soon as possible .
We believe that all defense expenditures should be directly related to the protection of our nation , and that every item of expenditure must be carefully reviewed to eliminate foreign aid , waste , fraud , theft , inefficiency , and excess profits from all defense contracts and military expenditures .
We reject the policies and practices that permit women to train for or participate in​​ combat .
Because of the radical feminization of the military over the past two decades , it must be recognized that these “ advances ” undermine the integrity , morale , and performance of our military organizations by dual qualification standards and forced integration .
We fully support well - regulated militias organized at the state level .
Further , we fully support and encourage the restoration of unorganized militia at the county and community level in compliance with our patriotic and legal responsibilities​​ as free citizens of the United States .
Under no circumstances should we have unilaterally surrendered our military base rights in Panama .
The sovereign right of the United States to the United States territory of the Canal Zone has been jeopardized by treaties between the United States and Panama .
Inasmuch as the United States bought both the sovereignty and the grant ownership of the ten - mile - wide Canal Zone , we propose that the government of the United States restore and protect its sovereign right and exclusive jurisdiction of the Canal Zone in perpetuity , and renegotiate the treaties with Panama by which the ownership of the canal was surrendered to Panama .
It should be a priority goal of the President and Congress to insist on enforcement of that portion of the 1978 Panama Canal Neutrality Treaty which prohibits control of the entrances to the Panama Canal by any entity not part of the Republic of Panama or the United States of America .
By this standard , the award of port facilities at the entrances to​​ the Panama Canal to Hutchison Whampoa , a Hong Kong company closely linked to the Chinese Communist People ’s Liberation Army , must be overturned .
Similarly , Congress and the President should take advantage of Panama Canal treaty provisions to negotiate the​​ return of a U.S. military presence at the Isthmus of Panama .
At a time when the U.S. Navy is one - third its former size , it is essential that rapid transit of U.S. military vessels between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans be assured .
Domestic Federal Aid
The 10th Amendment states :
" The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the States , are reserved to the States respectively , or to the people . "
The Constitution assigns all powers not delegated to the federal government to the states or the people .
Domestic federal " aid " not authorized by the Constitution is not only illegal , it is immoral .
We call upon the states , therefore , to decline to accept all monies from the federal government for any purpose not specifically and clearly articulated in the Constitution , and reject all federal mandates and regulations which are unconstitutional , thus restoring the intended balance of power between the states and their creation , the U.S. Government .
Drug Abuse
The​​ 10th Amendment states :
" The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the States , are reserved to the States respectively , or to the people . "
The 4th Amendment states :
" The right of the people to be secure in​​ their persons , houses , papers , and effects , against unreasonable searches and seizures , shall not be violated , and no Warrants shall issue , but upon probable cause , supported by Oath or affirmation , and particularly describing the place to be searched , and the persons or things to be seized . "
The Constitution Party will uphold the right of states and localities to restrict access to drugs and to enforce such restrictions .
We support legislation to stop the flow of illegal drugs into the United States from​​ foreign sources . ​​
As a matter of self - defense , retaliatory policies including embargoes , sanctions , and tariffs , should be considered .
At the same time , we will take care to prevent violations of the Constitutional and civil rights of American citizens .​​
Searches without probable cause and seizures without due process must be prohibited , and the presumption of innocence must be preserved .
Education
Since the Constitution grants the Federal Government no authority over Education , the 10th Amendment​​ applies :
" The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the States , are reserved to the States respectively , or to the people . "
All teaching is related to basic assumptions about God and man .
​​ Education as a whole , therefore , cannot be separated from religious faith .
The law of our Creator assigns the authority and responsibility of educating children to their parents .
Education should be free from all federal government subsidies , including vouchers , tax incentives , and loans , except with respect to veterans .
Section 1​​ – WE SUPPORT THE PARENTAL RIGHT TO PROVIDE FOR THE EDUCATION OF THEIR CHILDREN :
We support the unimpeded right of parents to provide for the education of their children in the manner they deem​​ best , including home , private or religious .
All legislation from any level of government that would interfere with or restrict that liberty should be opposed .
Equitable tax relief for families whose children do not attend government schools should be provided for .
Compulsory attendance laws should be repealed .
Parents need not defy the law by refusing to send their children to schools of which they disapprove .
Section 2​​ – WE SUPPORT ALTERNATIVE EDUCATION OPTIONS :
We affirm the free market principles which drive improvement of education through non-traditional options such as internet - based schools , charter schools , Christian and private schools , as well as home schooling options .
Section 3​​ – WE CALL FOR THE ELIMINATION OF THE FEDERAL DEPARTMENT OF ​​ EDUCATION :
There is no Constitutional provision that empowers the federal government to provide for and regulate the education of our children .
All current federal legislation related to education should be repealed .
No new federal laws subsidizing or regulating education should be enacted .
Section 4​​ – WE OPPOSE ANY FEDERAL CONTROL OVER THE EDUCATION OF CHILDREN
Because control over education is now being relegated to departments other than the Department of Education , we clarify that no federal agency , ​​ department , board , or other entity may exercise jurisdiction over any aspect of children 's upbringing .
Education , training , and discipline of children are properly placed in the domain of their parents .
Under no circumstances should the federal government be involved in national teacher certification , educational curricula , textbook selection , learning standards , comprehensive sex education , psychological and psychiatric research testing programs , and personnel .
Section 5​​ – WE OPPOSE THE NO CHILD LEFT BEHIND ACT ( NCLB Act ) and RACE TO THE TOP AND CALL FOR THEIR REPEAL BY CONGRESS :
The NCLB Act is unconstitutional and imposes unfunded mandates on the states which not only encumber the states , but often tie their hands - prohibiting the states from making​​ decisions about education and threatening the loss of federal monies if the states are non-compliant .
Since the re-enactment of NCLB , grades have continued to fall and graduation rates have continued to plummet .
Once the shining light on a hill for the world , our education system is in shambles .
Section 6​​ – WE CALL UPON THE LEGISLATURES OF THE STATES TO :
exercise their sovereignty under the 10th​​ Amendment to nullify the " No Child Left Behind " Act , and all regulations imposed by the Department of Education , and
to reject federal monies for grades K - 12 .
Election Reform
US Constitution , Article 1 , Section 4 , Clause 1 :
“ The Times , Places and Manner of holding Elections for Senators and Representatives , shall be prescribed in each State by the Legislature​​ thereof ; but the Congress may at any time by Law make or alter such Regulations , except as to the Places of chusing * Senators . ”
The Constitutional balance of power on this matter has been destroyed by the 17th Amendment .
The States no longer have a representative at the Federal level .**
The Constitution Party seeks the restoration of an electoral process that is controlled at the state and local level and is beyond manipulation by federal judges and bureaucrats .
The federal government has unconstitutionally and unwisely preempted control in matters of district boundaries , electoral procedures , and campaign activities .
The Voting Rights
Act should be repealed .
The Federal Election Campaign Act , including its 1974 amendments , and the Federal Election Commission should be abolished .
Each citizen should have the right to seek public office in accordance with the qualifications set forth in federal and state constitutions .
Additional restrictions and obligations governing candidate eligibility and campaign procedures burden unconstitutionally the fairness and accountability of our political system .
To encourage free and fair elections , all candidates must be treated equally .
We call for an end to designated " Major Party " status that gives an unfair advantage​​ to some candidates by providing ballot access and taxpayer dollars , while requiring others for the same office to gather petition signatures or meet other more stringent criteria .
We call for a repeal of all federal campaign finance laws ( i.e. McCain - Feingold ) due to their violation of the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution .
In order to avoid election fraud , we insist electronic and mechanical voting processes provide a clear , auditable and verifiable paper trail .
At a minimum , elections should be​​ audited at random at the precinct level after the polls close .
There is a growing movement within the states and nation to undermine our right of a “ Secret Ballot ” by making people vote by absentee ballot .
​​
This move away from a “ Secret Ballot ” and “ Vote - in - person ” approach is an insecure system , not only because the Post office has been losing and misplacing mail for many years , but also because of increasing fraud and vote rigging , such as voter suppression , vote buying , and ballot box stuffing .
Even though Vote - By - Mail seems to increase voting percentages in the short - term , it has proven to cause a long - term decline .
Also verifying signatures “ after the fact ” greatly increases the cost of an election .
Since true freedom requires being inconvenienced and ​​ putting forth extra effort from time - to - time , we oppose any movement to codify or use Vote - By - Mail and other such schemes which undermine the liberty - preserving privilege of voting in secret , in person , at precinct - based polling places .
​​​​ * original spelling from Constitution
** See “ Congressional Reform ” plank .
Electoral College
Article II , Section I of the U.S. Constitution states , in part :
" Each state shall appoint , in such manner as the legislature thereof may direct , a number of electors , equal​​ to the whole Number of Senators and representatives to which the state may be entitled in the Congress : but no Senator or Representative , or Person holding an Office of Trust or Profit under the United States , shall be appointed an elector . "
This established the Electoral College .
The Constitution does not provide for the election of the President and Vice President of the United States by popular vote , but rather by the selection of “ Electors ” according to rules adopted by each state ’s legislators .
​​
These electors would receive the list of certified candidates .
They would then cast their vote for whomever they ascertained as best qualified to fill these two highest offices of trust with the federal government .
The Constitution Party seeks a restoration of this electoral process for the choosing of the President and the Vice President of the United States .
Although the Constitution does not require the states to adhere to any specific manner in electing these electors or how they cast their votes , it suggests , by its wording , that prominent individuals from each congressional district , and from the state at large , would be elected or appointed as electors that represent that district .
Under this arrangement , a voter would vote for three individuals , one​​ to represent his district and two " at large " representatives to represent his state .
​​
These electors , in turn , would then carefully and deliberately select the candidate for president .
Under this system each congressional district could , in essence , select a different candidate .
The candidate with the most electors nationwide would become the next president .
This was the general procedure used until the 1830's at which time all the states , except for South Carolina , changed to a " general ticket . "
The " general ticket " system is still in use today .
Inherently , it causes corruption by the inequitable transfer of power from congressional districts to the states and large cities at the expense of rural communities .
The Constitution Party encourages states to eliminate the " general ticket " system and return to the procedure intended by the Framers . ​​
The so - called National Popular Vote is a dangerous threat to our Constitutional Republic , allowing as few as eighteen to twenty - one states to circumvent the Constitutional requirement of 38 states to amend the Constitution .
The National Popular Vote process would effectively eliminate the last vestiges of the Electoral College as originally set forth in the United States Constitution .
The National Popular Vote creates​​ a fake majority by forcing electors to vote against the votes cast by their own constituents .
The elimination of the Electoral College would overnight make irrelevant the votes of Americans in approximately 25 states because candidates would only be interested in campaigning in large population states making small states meaningless zeros .
There is no threshold of what constitutes a “ majority ” under National Popular Vote . ​​
Therefore , a presidential candidate could be elected with as little as 15 % of the popular vote .
​​ Under the National Popular Vote scheme , chaos would ensue in any close election .
Under the Electoral College no single faction or region of the country can elect a president , ensuring broad representation across America .
The national Constitution Party opposes National Popular Vote and will work to defeat it in individual state legislatures .
Energy
James Madison , Federalist Papers # 45
" The powers delegated by the proposed Constitution to the federal government are few and defined . ”
U.S.​​ Constitution , 10th​​ Amendment
“ The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the States , are reserved to the States respectively , or to the people . ”
We call attention to the continuing need of the United States​​ for a sufficient supply of energy for national security and for the immediate adoption of a policy of free market solutions to achieve energy independence for the United States .
We call for abolishing the Department of Energy .
Private property rights should be respected , and the federal government should not interfere with the development of potential energy sources , including natural gas , hydroelectric power , solar energy , wind generators , and nuclear energy .
We call for abolishing the Department of Energy .
Environment
James Madison , Federalist Papers # 45
" The powers delegated by the proposed Constitution to the federal government are few and defined . ”
U.S. Constitution , 10th​​ Amendment
“ The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the States , are reserved to the States respectively , or to the people . ”
It is our responsibility to be prudent , productive , and efficient stewards of God 's natural resources .
In that role , we are commanded to be fruitful and multiply and to replenish the earth and develop it ( e.g. , to turn deserts into farms and wastelands into groves ) .
This requires a proper and continuing dynamic balance between development and conservation , between use and preservation .
In keeping with this​​ requirement , we wholeheartedly support realistic efforts to preserve the environment and reduce pollution - air , water , and land .
We reject , however , the argument of the perceived threat of man-made global warming which has been refuted by a large number​​ of scientists .
The globalists are using the global warming threat to gain more control via worldwide sustainable development .
The Fifth Amendment of the United States Constitution limits the federal power of eminent domain solely to the purchase of​​ private property with just compensation for public use , such as military reservations and government office buildings - not for public ownership , such as urban renewal , environmental protection , or historic preservation .
Under no circumstances may the federal government take private property , by means of rules and regulations which preclude or substantially reduce the productive use of the property , even with just compensation .
We call for a return to the states and to the people all lands which are held by the federal government without authorization by the Constitution .
We also call for repeal of federal wetlands legislation and the federal Endangered Species Act .
Moreover , we oppose any attempt to designate private or public property as United Nations World Heritage sites or Biosphere reserves .
We call for an end to United States participation in UN programs such as UNESCO , Man and the Biosphere , and the UN Council on Sustainable Development .
We oppose environmental treaties and conventions such as the Biodiversity Treaty , the Convention on Climate Control , and Agenda 21 , which destroy our sovereignty and right to private property .
Executive Orders
Article 1 , Section 1 of the Constitution clearly restricts the power to make laws :
" All legislative​ ​ Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States . "
We oppose the use of Presidential executive orders that make law or otherwise usurp the Constitutional authority and responsibilities of the legislative and judicial branches .
Congress must stop this Constitutionally subversive practice . ​​
All unconstitutional executive orders are null and void .
Family
No civil government may legitimately authorize or define marriage or family relations , as affirmed by the 10th​​ amendment , delegating to the people , - as our Founders understood the family – as necessary to the general welfare .
We affirm the importance of Biblical scripture in the founders ’ intent as eloquently stated by Noah Webster :
“ The moral principles and precepts contained in​​ the Scriptures ought to form the basis of all our civil constitution and laws …
All the miseries and evils which men suffer from vice , crime , ambition , injustice , oppression , slavery , and war proceed from their despising or neglecting the precepts in the Bible . ”
The law of our Creator defines marriage as the union between one man and one woman .
The marriage covenant is the foundation of the family and the family is fundamental in the maintenance of a stable , healthy and prosperous social order .
No government may legitimately authorize or define marriage or family relations contrary to what God has instituted .
We are opposed to any judicial ruling or amending the U.S. Constitution or any state constitution re-defining marriage with any definition other than the Biblical standard .
We call for an end to all taxation and economic formulas that discourage marriage , incentivize co-habitation and child bearing outside of marriage or authorize or provide government funding for policies and programs that further​​ erode the jurisdiction of the family or parental rights .
We reject the notion that homosexuals , transgenders or those who are sexually deviant are deserving of legal favor or special protection , and affirm the rights of states and localities to proscribe​​ offensive sexual behavior .
​​
We oppose all efforts to impose a new sexual legal order through any courts or legislatures .
We stand against so - called " sexual orientation " and " hate crime " statutes that attempt to legitimize inappropriate sexual behavior or stifle public opposition to its expression .
We oppose government funding of " partner " benefits for unmarried individuals .
Finally , we oppose any legal recognition of homosexual or civil unions .
We recognize that parents have the fundamental right and responsibility to nurture , educate , and discipline their children .
We oppose the assumption of any of these responsibilities by any governmental agency without the express delegation of the parents or legal due process .
We affirm the value of the father and the​​ mother in the home and we oppose efforts to legalize adoption of children by homosexual singles or couples .
Foreign Policy
George Washington ’s Farewell Address
“ Europe has a set of primary interests , which have to us none , or very remote relation .
Hence , she must be engaged in frequent controversies , the causes of which are essentially foreign to our concerns .
Hence , therefore , it must be unwise in us to implicate ourselves , by artificial ties , in the ordinary vicissitudes of her politics , or the ordinary combinations and collusions of her friendships or enmities .
Why forego the advantages of so peculiar a situation ?
Why quit our own to stand upon foreign ground ?
Why , by interweaving our destiny with that of any part of Europe , entangle our peace and prosperity in the toils of European ambition , rival - ship , interest , humor , or caprice ? ”
Thomas Jefferson – First Inaugural Address .
Bergh 3:321 . ( 1801 . )
“ I deem [ one of ] the essential principles of our government , and consequently [ one ] which ought to shape its administration , … peace , commerce , and honest friendship with all nations , entangling alliances with none . ”
John Quincy Adams , Speech Delivered in Washington DC , July 4 , 1821
“ America has abstained from interference in the concerns of others , even​​ when the conflict has been for principles to which she clings ....
She goes not abroad in search of monsters to destroy .
She is the well - wisher to the freedom and independence of all .
​​
She is the champion and vindicator only of her own . ”
James Monroe , Monroe Doctrine
“ We have never taken any part , nor does it comport with our policy so to do ....
Our policy in regard to Europe ... is , not to interfere in the internal concerns of any of its powers ... ”
National Sovereignty :
The United States is properly a​​ free and sovereign republic which should strive to live in peace with all nations , without interfering in their internal affairs , and without permitting their interference in ours .
We are , therefore , unalterably opposed to entangling alliances – via treaties , or any other form of commitment – which compromise our national sovereignty , or commit us to intervention in foreign wars .
We are opposed to the negotiation or ratification of any treaty , agreement , or partnership that would deprive United States citizens of their rights protected by the United States Constitution .
We are also opposed to any union whether political or economic , of the United States , Mexico , and Canada ( NAU ) . ​​
To this end , we shall :
steadfastly oppose American participation in any form​​ of world government organization , including any world court under United Nations auspices ;
call upon the President , and Congress , to terminate United States membership in the United Nations , and its subsidiary organizations , and terminate U.S. participation in all so - called U.N. peace keeping operations ;
bar the United Nations , and its subsidiaries , from further operation , including raising of funds , on United States territory ; and
propose that the Constitution be obeyed to prohibit the United States government from entering any treaty , or other agreement , which makes any commitment of American military forces or tax money , compromises the sovereignty of the United States , or accomplishes a purpose properly the subject of domestic law .
In this connection​ ​ we specifically denounce the agreement establishing the proposed Free Trade Area of the Americas ( FTAA ) and any other such trade agreements , either bi-lateral or regional in nature .
All treaties must be subordinate to the Constitution , since the Constitution is the only instrument which empowers and limits the federal government .
American troops must serve only under American commanders , not those of the United Nations or foreign countries .
Pacts and Agreements :
Since World War II , the United States has​​ increasingly played the undesirable role of an international policeman .
​​
Through our involvements abroad our country is being changed from a republic to a world empire in which our freedoms are being sacrificed on an altar of international involvement .
The​​ United States is now committed by treaty to defend foreign nations in all parts of the world , and by agreements other than treaties to defend more .
Therefore , we call upon the President , and Congress , to immediately commence a systematic withdrawal from these treaties and agreements , each of which holds the potential to plunge America into war in some far - flung corner of the earth .
NATO , for instance , serves no defensive purpose for the United States , and this country should withdraw from it .
Unconstitutional , Undeclared Wars :
Since World War II , the United States has been involved in tragic , unconstitutional , undeclared wars which cost our country the lives of many thousands of young Americans .
These wars were the direct and foreseeable result of the bi-partisan interventionist policy of both Democrat and Republican administrations .
The Constitution Party is opposed to the continuation of the same interventionist policy , with that policy 's capacity to involve our country in repeated wars . ​​
We demand​​ that :
never again shall United States troops be employed on any foreign field of battle without a declaration of war by Congress , as required by the United States Constitution ;
Congress refuses to fund unconstitutional , undeclared wars pursuant to presidential whim or international obligations under which American sovereignty has been transferred to multi-national agencies .
Foreign Involvement :
The Constitution Party has consistently opposed American involvement in conflicts in the Middle East , Africa , ​​ Asia , Europe , and Central and South America .
The United States has no interest in these areas which would justify the sacrifice of Americans on foreign battlefields - nor is our country properly cast as a merchant of death in international arms races .
​​
We​​ propose that the United States :
repudiate any commitment , express or implied , to send U.S. troops to participate in foreign conflicts , whether unilaterally , under NATO auspices , or as a part of the United Nations " peace - keeping " operations ; and
cease financing or arming of belligerents in the world 's –troubled areas .
We support the principle of the Monroe Doctrine , which expresses U.S. opposition to European adventurism in the Western Hemisphere .
We call upon the Congress to immediately terminate American military presence in all foreign countries where such U.S. presence constitutes an invitation for this nation to become involved in , or further participate in , foreign wars .
We are opposed to the negotiation or ratification of any treaty , agreement or​​ partnership which would deprive United States citizens of their rights protected by the United States Constitution .
We are also opposed to any union , whether political or economic , of the United States , Mexico , and Canada ( NAU ) ,
Foreign Aid :
Since World​​ War II , the United States has engaged in the greatest international giveaway program ever conceived by man and is now spending billions of dollars each year to aid foreign nations .
There is no constitutional basis for foreign aid .
These expenditures have won us no friends and constitute a major drain on the resources of our taxpayers .
​​
Therefore , we demand that :
no further funds be appropriated for any kind of foreign aid program ;
United States participation in international lending institutions such as​​ the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund be ended ;
the Export - Import Bank be abolished ;
all government subsidies , tax preferences and investment guarantees to encourage U.S. businesses to invest in foreign lands be immediately terminated ; and
all debts owed to the United States by foreign countries , or foreign entities , be collected .
Gambling
James Madison , Federalist Papers # 45
" The powers delegated by the proposed Constitution to the federal government are few and defined . ”
U.S.​​ Constitution , 10th​​ Amendment
“ The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the States , are reserved to the States respectively , or to the people . ”
Gambling increases crimes , destroys families , grows governmental bureaucracies , exploits those who are addicted and leaches the economic prosperity out of our communities .
We are opposed to government sponsorship , involvement in or promotion of gambling such as lotteries , casinos or subsidization of Native American​​ casinos .
We call for the repeal of federal legislation that usurps state and local authority regarding authorization and regulation of tribal casinos in the states .
Government / Private Partnership
Thomas Jefferson , First Inaugural Address – Wednesday , ​​ March 1 , 1801 :
​​ “ … what more is necessary to make us a happy and a prosperous people ?
… a wise and frugal Government , which shall restrain men from injuring one another , shall leave them otherwise free to regulate their own pursuits of industry and improvement , and shall not take from the mouth of labor the bread it has earned .
This is the sum of good government . ”
America was founded on the economic principles of the “ free enterprise ” system .
An individual was free to operate his business under the law without government intervention and regulation .
This economic system is being replaced by public ( government ) – private partnerships .
This system is called fascism .
The Constitution Party is opposed to public - private partnerships and is for a return to the true “ free enterprise ” system that once made our nation great and economically prosperous .
Gun Control
The 2nd Amendment strictly limits any interference with gun ownership by saying :
“ A well regulated Militia , being necessary to the security of a free State , the right of the people to keep and bear Arms , shall not be infringed . ”
The right to bear arms is inherent in the right of self - defense , defense of the family , and defense against tyranny , conferred on the individual and the community by our Creator​​ to safeguard life , liberty , and property , as well as to help preserve the independence of the nation .
The right to keep and bear arms is guaranteed by the Second Amendment to the Constitution ; it may not properly be infringed upon or denied .
The Constitution Party upholds the right of the citizen to keep and bear arms .
We oppose attempts to prohibit ownership of guns by law - abiding citizens , and stand against all laws which would require the registration of guns or ammunition .
We emphasize that when guns are outlawed , only outlaws will have them .
In such circumstances , the peaceful citizen ’s protection against the criminal would be seriously jeopardized .
We call for the repeal of all federal firearms legislation , beginning with Federal Firearms Act of 1968 .
We call for the rescinding of all executive orders , the prohibition of any future executive orders , and the prohibition of treaty ratification which would in any way limit the right to keep and bear arms .
To further ensure the safety of the American​​ people and their families , we propose the elimination of all government designated “ Gun Free Zones ” , including military bases .
Health Care and Government
James Madison , Federalist Papers # 45
" The powers delegated by the proposed Constitution to the federal government are few and defined . ”
U.S. Constitution , 10th​​ Amendment
“ The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the States , are reserved to the States respectively , or to the people . ”
The Constitution​​ Party opposes the governmentalization and bureaucratization of American medicine .
Government regulation and subsidy constitutes a threat to both the quality and availability of patient - oriented health care and treatment .
Hospitals , doctors and other health care providers should be accountable to patients - not to politicians , insurance bureaucrats , or HMO Administrators .
If the supply of medical care is controlled by the federal government , then officers of that government will determine which demand is​​ satisfied .
The result will be the rationing of services , higher costs , poorer results - and the power of life and death transferred from caring physicians to unaccountable political overseers .
We denounce any civil government entity ’s using age or any other personal characteristic to : preclude people and insurance firms from freely contracting for medical coverage ; conscript such people into socialized medicine , e.g. , Medicare ; or prohibit these people from using insurance payments and / or their own money to obtain medical services in addition to , or to augment the quality of , those services prescribed by the program .
We applaud proposals for employee - controlled " family coverage " health insurance plans based on cash value life insurance principles .
The federal government has no Constitutional provision to regulate or restrict the freedom of the people to have access to medical care , supplies or treatments .
We advocate , therefore , the elimination of the federal Food and Drug Administration , as it has been the federal agency primarily responsible for prohibiting beneficial products , treatments and technologies here in the United States that are freely available in much of the rest of the civilized world .
We affirm freedom of choice of practitioner and ​​ treatment for all citizens for their health care .
We support the right of patients to seek redress of their grievances through the courts against insurers and / or HMO's .
We condemn the misrepresentations made by the Federal Administration in securing passage of the recently enacted Medicare prescription drug bill and the use of such legislation to secure government subsidies to special interests such as the HMOs , and to protect the artificially high cost to consumers of prescription drugs .
Immigration
US Constitution , Article 4 , Section 4 :
“ The United States shall guarantee to every State in this Union a Republican Form of Government , and shall protect each of them against Invasion ; ”
James Madison :
“ When we are considering the advantages that may result from an easy mode of naturalization , we ought also to consider the cautions necessary to guard against abuses … aliens might acquire the right of citizenship , and return to the country from which they came , and evade the laws intended to encourage the commerce and industry of the real citizens and inhabitants of America , enjoying at the same time all the advantages of citizens … ”
We affirm the integrity of the international borders of the United States and the Constitutional authority and duty of the federal government to guard and to protect those borders , including the regulation of the numbers and of the qualifications of immigrants into the country .
Each year approximately one million legal immigrants and almost as many illegal aliens enter the United States .
These immigrants – including illegal aliens – have been made eligible for various kinds of public assistance , including housing , education , Social Security , and legal services .
This unconstitutional drain on the federal Treasury is having a severe and adverse impact on our economy , increasing the cost of government at federal , state and local levels , adding to the tax burden and stressing the fabric of society .
The mass importation of people with low standards of living threatens the wage structure of the American worker and the labor balance in our country .
We oppose the abuse of the H - 1B and L - 1 visa provisions of the immigration act which are displacing American workers with foreign .
​​
We favor a moratorium on immigration to the United States , except in extreme hardship cases or in other individual special circumstances , until the availability of all federal subsidies and assistance be discontinued and proper security procedures have been instituted to protect against terrorist infiltration .
We​​ also insist that every individual group and / or private agency which requests the admission of an immigrant to the U.S. , on whatever basis , be required to commit legally to provide housing and sustenance for such immigrants , bear full responsibility for the​​ economic independence of the immigrants and post appropriate bonds to seal such covenants .
The Constitution Party demands that the federal government restore immigration policies based on the practice that potential immigrants will be disqualified from​​ admission to the U.S. if , on the grounds of health , criminality , morals or financial dependence , they would impose an improper burden on the United States , any state or any citizen of the United States .
We oppose the provision of welfare subsidies and other taxpayer - supported benefits to illegal aliens , and reject the practice of bestowing U.S. citizenship on children born to illegal alien parents while in this country .
We oppose any extension of amnesty to illegal aliens .
We call for the use of U.S. troops to protect the states against invasion .
​​
We oppose bilingual ballots .
We insist that those who wish to take part in the electoral process and governance of this nation be required to read and comprehend basic English as a precondition of citizenship .
We​​ support English as the official language for all governmental business by the United States .
The Judiciary
We call attention to the following provisions of the Constitution , Article 3 , Section 1 :
“ The Judges , both of the supreme and inferior Courts , shall hold their Offices during good Behaviour ” .
Note :
The tenure of Federal Judges is not for life , but merely “ during good behaviour ” .
Also , Article 2 , Section 4 :
“ all civil Officers of the United States , shall be removed from Office on Impeachment for , and Conviction of , Treason , Bribery , or other high Crimes and Misdemeanors . ”
“ All civil officers ”
Note : ​​ This clearly includes Judges .
And the Constitution says regarding jurisdiction :
( Article 3 , Section 2 , Clause 2 ) “ the supreme Court shall have​​ appellate Jurisdiction … with such Exceptions , and under such Regulations as the Congress shall make . ”
Note : The Constitution gives Congress the power to make exceptions to the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court .
And regarding the duty of Judges , Article​ ​ 6 , Section 1 , Clause 3 :
“ all executive and judicial Officers , both of the United States and of the several States , shall be bound by Oath or Affirmation , to support this Constitution ” .
Note : ​​ Which Constitution must they swear to support ?
The United States Constitution does not provide for lifetime appointment of federal judges , but only for a term of office during good behavior .
We support Congressional enforcement of the Constitutional rule of good behavior and to restrain judicial activism by properly​​ removing offending judges through the process of impeachment provided for in Article I , § 2 and 3 of the Constitution .
Furthermore , Congress must exert the power it possesses to prohibit all federal courts from hearing cases which Congress deems to be outside federal jurisdiction pursuant to Article III , § 2 of the Constitution .
We particularly support all the legislation which would remove from Federal appellate review jurisdiction matters involving acknowledgement of God as the sovereign source of law , ​​ liberty , or government .
We commend Former Chief Justice Roy Moore of the Alabama Supreme Court for his defense of the display of the Ten Commandments and condemn those who persecuted him and removed him from office for his morally and legally just stand .​​
We deny the validity of judicial rulings that use foreign court rulings to overturn U.S. precedent .
Money and Banking
Article 1 , Section 8 , Clause 5 grants only to Congress the power :
" To coin Money [ and ] regulate the Value thereof " , with no provision​​ for such power to be delegated to any other group .
Note : ​​ Congress began immediately to fulfill this obligation with the Mint Act of 1792 , establishing a US Mint for producing Gold and Silver based coin , prescribing the value and content of each coin and​​ affixing the penalty of death to those who debase such currency .
Article 1 , Section 10 :
" No State shall ... coin Money ; emit Bills of Credit ; make any Thing but gold and silver Coin a Tender in Payment of Debts " .
Note : ​​ The Constitution forbade the​​ States from accepting or using anything other than a Gold and Silver based currency .
Money functions as both a medium of exchange and a symbol of a nation 's morality .
The Founding Fathers established a system of " coin " money that was designed to prohibit​​ the " improper and wicked " manipulation of the nation 's medium of exchange while guaranteeing the power of the citizens ' earnings .
The federal government has departed from the principle of " coin " money as defined by the U.S. Constitution and the Mint Act​​ of 1792 and has granted unconstitutional control of the nation 's monetary and banking system to the private Federal Reserve System .
The Constitution Party recommends a substantive reform of the system of Federal taxation .
In order for such reform to be effective , it is necessary that the United States :
Return to the money system set forth in the Constitution ;
Repeal the Federal Reserve Act , and reform the current Federal Reserve banks to become clearing houses only ; and
Prohibit fractional reserve banking .
It is our intention that no system of " debt money " shall be imposed on the people of the United States .
We support a debt free , interest free money system .
Personal and Private Property Security
The 4th Amendment states :
" The right of the people to​​ be secure in their persons , houses , papers , and effects , against unreasonable searches and seizures , shall not be violated , and no Warrants shall issue , but upon probable cause , supported by Oath or affirmation , and particularly describing the place to be​​ searched , and the persons or things to be seized . "
The Fifth Amendment further protects property , by stating :
" No person shall be ... deprived of life , liberty , or property , without due process of law ; nor shall private property be taken for public use , ​​ without just compensation . "
We affirm the Fourth Amendment right of the people to be secure in their persons , houses , papers and effects against unreasonable searches and seizures , including arbitrary or de facto registration , general and unwarranted electronic surveillance , national computer databases , and national identification cards .
We also reaffirm that civil governments must be strictly limited in their powers to intrude upon the persons and private property of individual citizens , in particular , that no place be searched and no thing be seized , except upon proof of probable cause that a crime has been committed and the proper judicial warrant issued .
We further reaffirm the common - law rule that protects the people from any search or seizure whatsoever when that search or seizure violates the Fifth Amendment right against self - incrimination .
​​
We deplore and oppose vigorously legislation and executive action that deprive the people of their Fourth and Fifth Amendment rights under claims of necessity​​ to " combat terrorism " or to " protect national security . "
We oppose legislation and administrative action utilizing asset forfeiture laws which enable the confiscation of the private property of persons not involved in the crime .
Forfeiture of assets can only be enforced after conviction of the property owner as a penalty for the crime .
Such forfeitures must follow full due process of law under criminal prosecution standards .
We oppose the monitoring and controlling of the financial transactions of the people through such proposed laws as " Know Your Customer . " ​​
Banks should be repositories of treasure and fiduciaries for the people , not enforcers for the State .
Any information regarding customer transactions the State obtains from banks must be subject to the traditional Fourth Amendment safeguards .
We support privacy legislation that prohibits private parties from discriminating against individuals who refuse to disclose or obtain a Social Security number .
We also call for legislation prohibiting all governmental entities from requiring the use of the Social Security number except for Social Security transactions .
Additionally , we call for the repeal of all laws , regulations and statutes that require the use of the Social Security number for any purpose other than Social Security transactions .
Pornography , Obscenity & Sexually Oriented Businesses
Preamble of the US Constitution :
“ We the People of the United States , in Order to form a more perfect Union , establish Justice , insure domestic Tranquility , ​​ provide for the common defense , promote the general Welfare , and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity … ”
Samuel Adams said :
“ While the people are virtuous they can not be subdued ; but once they lose their virtue they will be ready​​ to surrender their liberties to the first external or internal invader . ”
Pornography , obscenity and sexually oriented businesses are a distortion of the true nature of sex created by God for the procreative union between one man and one woman in the holy​​ bonds of matrimony .
This results in emotional , physical , spiritual and financial costs to individuals , families and communities .
Due to a lack of prosecution , the sexually oriented business industry has proliferated , aggravating the problems of child pornography , human trafficking and sexually transmitted diseases .
This is decreasing our safety by increasing crime rates , specifically rape and molestation in additional to the loss of dignity belonging to all human beings .
We call on our local , state and federal governments to uphold our First Amendment right to free speech by vigorously enforcing all laws against obscenity .
We call on all levels of government to protect and promote that which is truly free speech while vigorously defending and enforcing laws that protect us from the proliferation of the pornography and sexually oriented business industries because they are proven to be toxic to community standards , lower property values and increase crime .
While we believe in the responsibility of the individual and corporate entities to regulate themselves , we also believe that government plays a vital role in protecting all citizens , particularly our most vulnerable , women and children , from exploitation .
Religious Freedom
Article I of the Bill of Rights reads :
" Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion , or prohibiting the free exercise thereof … "
Note : ​​ Our Constitution grants no authority to the federal government either to grant or deny the religious expressions of the people in any place .
​​ Both the First and Tenth Amendments forbid such tyranny .
We call upon all branches of government to cease their attacks on the religious liberties of the people and the states , regardless of the forum in which these liberties are exercised .
We assert that any form of taxation on churches and other religious organizations is a direct and dangerous step toward state control of the church .
Such intrusion is prohibited by the Constitution and must be halted .
We assert that private organizations such as the Boy Scouts of America can determine their own membership , volunteers and employment based on their oaths and creeds .
Social Security
The Declaration of Independence declares :
" all men ... are endowed by their Creator with certain​​ unalienable Rights ... That to secure these rights , Governments are instituted among Men​​ ... "
The Preamble of the US Constitution shows how these rights are to be secured including :
" provide for the common defense , promote the general Welfare "
Two clear​​ distinctions should be made here :
Provide implies actively and financially supporting , promote implies a more passive approach .
For example , I 'll promote that we put on a grand feast , but I want you to provide it !
General Welfare is not the same as individual Welfare .
​​ General Welfare would benefit the people generally , individual Welfare targets a certain segment of society to benefit , such as the poor .
Social Security is a form of individual welfare not authorized in the Constitution .
The Constitution grants no authority to the federal government to administrate a Social Security system .
The Constitution Party advocates phasing out the entire Social Security program , while continuing to meet the obligations already incurred under the system .
Until the​​ current Social Security system can be responsibly phased out , we propose that :
The Social Security tax must not be a " rainy day " fund which politicians can pirate , or from which they can borrow to cover their errors and pay for their excesses
Individuals who have contributed to Social Security be allowed to withdraw those funds and transfer them into an IRA or similar investments under the control of the individual contributor .
Any sort of merger between the U.S. Social Security System and that of any foreign country be banned , so the distribution of benefits will not go to persons who have not qualified for payments under American law as legal residents .
Earning limitations on persons aged 62 and over be removed , so that they may earn any amount of additional income without placing their benefits at risk .
Those provisions of the Social Security system which penalize those born during the " notch years " between 1917 and 1926 be repealed , and that such persons be placed on the same benefit schedules as all other beneficiaries .
We support the right of individuals to choose between private retirement and pension programs , either at their place of employment or independently .
Statehood
US Constitution , Article I Section 8 Clause 17 :
“ Congress​ ​ shall have power … To exercise exclusive Legislation in all Cases whatsoever , over such District ( not exceeding ten Miles square ) as may , by Cession of particular States , and the acceptance of Congress , become the Seat of the Government of the United States , and to exercise like Authority over all Places purchased by the Consent of the Legislature of the State in which the Same shall be , for the Erection of Forts , Magazines , Arsenals , Dock - Yards , and other needful Buildings … ”
Article IV Section 4 :
“ The United States shall guarantee to every State in this Union a Republican Form of Government . ”
Article IV Section 4 Clause 3 :
“ New States may be admitted by the Congress into this Union . ”
Northwest Ordinance of 1787 ( re-enacted under Constitutional authority ​​ 1789 ) defined that all new states appropriately admitted will enter the nation on an equal footing with the original 13 states .
We oppose any effort to confer statehood on the District of Columbia or any representation in Congress comparable to that of an independent state in the federal union .
We oppose efforts to confer statehood upon the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico or expand statehood beyond the current fifty states .
We acknowledge that each state 's membership in the Union is voluntary .
We support the equal footing doctrine , co-equal with the original thirteen states for all states coming into and having entered the Union as states .
State Sovereignty
The 10th Amendment states :
" The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor​​ prohibited by it to the States , are reserved to the States respectively , or to the people . "
Note : ​​ The Constitution delegated few , enumerated powers to the Federal Government , reserving all remaining powers to the States and the people .
Thus , powers of the Federal were the exception .
Our federal republic was created by joint action of the several states .
It has been gradually perverted into a socialist machine for federal control in the domestic affairs of the states .
The federal government has no authority to mandate policies relating to state education , natural resources , transportation , private business , housing , health care , ad infinitum .
We call upon the states to reclaim their legitimate role in federal affairs and legislation ( See Amendment 10 United States Constitution ) and thus cause the federal government to divest itself of operations not authorized by the Constitution and extract the federal government from such enterprises , whether or not they compete with private enterprise .
Tariffs and ​​ Trade
Article I , Section 8 , of the Constitution states that Congress shall have the power :
" To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations . "
Congress may not abdicate or transfer to others these Constitutional powers .
We oppose , therefore , the unconstitutional transfer of authority over U.S. trade policy from Congress to agencies , domestic or foreign , which improperly exercise policy - setting functions with respect to U.S. trade policy .
We favor the abolition of the Office of Special Trade Representative , and ​​ insist on the withdrawal of the United States from the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) , the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade ( GATT ) , the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) , and all other agreements wherein agencies other than the Congress of​​ the United States improperly assume responsibility for establishing American trade policies .
Article I , Section 8 provides that duties , imposts , and excises are legitimate revenue - raising measures on which the United States government may properly rely .​​
We support a tariff based revenue system , as did the Founding Fathers , which was the policy of the United States during most of the nation 's history .
In no event will the U.S. tariff on any foreign import be less than the difference between the foreign item 's cost of production and the cost of production of a similar item produced in the United States .
The cost of production of a U.S. product shall include , but not be limited to , all compensation , including fringe benefits paid to American workers and environmental costs of doing business imposed on business by federal , state and local governments .
Tariffs are not only a constitutional source of revenue , but , wisely administered , are an aid to preservation of the national economy .
Since the adoption of the​ ​ 1934 Trade Agreements Act , the United States government has engaged in a free trade policy which has destroyed or endangered important segments of our domestic agriculture and industry , undercut the wages of our working men and women , and totally destroyed​ ​ or shipped abroad the jobs of hundreds of thousands of workers .
This free trade policy is being used to foster socialism in America through welfare and subsidy programs .
We oppose all international trade agreements which have the effect of diminishing America 's economic self - sufficiency and of exporting jobs , the loss of which impoverishes American families , undermines American communities , and diminishes America 's capacity for economic self - reliance and the provision of national defense .
We see our country and its workers as more than bargaining chips for multinational corporations and international banks in their ill - conceived and evil New World Order .
We reject the trade concept of normal trade relations ( Most Favored Nation status ) , used to curry favor with regimes whose domestic and international policies are abhorrent to decent people everywhere and which are in fundamental conflict with the vital interests of the United States of America .
We strongly oppose unconstitutional " Trade Promotion Authority , " which transfers the establishment of trade policy from Congress to the Executive branch of government .
In the name of free trade , multi-national corporations have been given tax breaks by the U.S. government which are not available to American businesses , and the money extracted from U.S. taxpayers has been used by the government to subsidize exports and encourage businesses to move abroad .
Such improprieties must cease .
The United States government should establish the firm policy that U.S. or multinational businesses investing abroad do so at their own risk .
There is no obligation by our Government to protect those businesses with the lives of our service personnel or the taxes of our citizens .
In the area of national security , foreign interests​​ have been abetted in gaining access to America 's high - tech secrets under the guise of commercial enterprise .
We propose that technology transfers which compromise national security be made illegal and urge that all violators be prosecuted .
We demand that all weapons systems , military uniforms and equipment purchased for the American military be domestically produced in their entirety along with all their component parts .
We oppose the practice of any officer of the United States government , or spouse thereof , who , subsequent to Federal government employment is employed to represent a foreign government or other foreign entity , public or private , for purposes of influencing public opinion or policy on matters affecting U.S. trade with such foreign government​​ or entity .
Taxes
The Constitution , in Article I , Section 8 , gives Congress the power :
" to lay and collect Taxes , Duties , Imposts , and Excises , to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States . "
In Article I , Section 9 , the original document made clear that :
" no Capitation , or other direct Tax shall be laid , unless in Proportion to the Census of Enumeration herein before directed to be taken . "
It is moreover established that :
" No Tax or Duty shall be laid​​ on Articles exported from any State . ”
Since 1913 , our Constitutional rights to life , liberty , and property have been abridged and diminished by the imposition on each of us of Federal income , payroll and estate taxes .
This is an unconstitutional Federal assumption of direct taxing authority .
The Internal Revenue Service is the enforcement arm of the Federal government 's present unjust tax system .
​​ Citizens , both in groups and as individuals , have repeatedly sought responses from the IRS bureaucracy as to​​ the basis for the agency 's tax policies and procedures .
No answers have been forthcoming although a responsible government must be answerable to the people and has a duty to those it is supposed to serve .
We propose legislation to abolish the Internal Revenue Service and will veto any authorization , appropriation or continuing resolution which contains any funding whatsoever for that illicit and unconstitutional agency .
We are opposed to the flat - rate tax , national sales tax , and value added tax proposals​​ that are being promoted as an improvement to the current tax system .
The Sixteenth Amendment does not provide authority for an un-apportioned direct tax .
Moreover , it is our intention to replace , with a tariff based revenue system supplemented by excise taxes , the current tax system of the U.S. government ( including income taxes , payroll taxes and estate taxes ) .
To the degree that tariffs on foreign products , and excises , are insufficient to cover the legitimate Constitutional costs of the federal​​ government , we will offer an apportioned " state - rate tax " in which the responsibility for covering the cost of unmet obligations will be divided among the several states in accordance with their proportion of the total population of the United States , excluding the District of Columbia .
​​
Thus , if a state contains 10 percent of the nation 's citizens , it will be responsible for assuming payment of 10 percent of the annual deficit .
​​
The effect of this " state - rate tax " will be to encourage politicians to argue​​ for less , rather than more , federal spending and less state spending as well .
To the extent permitted by the Constitution , we believe that the taxation of corporations is an appropriate source of government revenue .
The Supreme Court has defined " income " ​​ as a " gain or increase arising from corporate activity or privilege . "
People are not corporations and corporations need not be treated as " people " for the purposes of taxation .
There is substantial evidence that the 16th Amendment was never legally ratified .
When elected , we will act to cease collection of direct Federal personal income taxes .
We also support ratification of the Liberty Amendment which would repeal the Sixteenth Amendment and provide that " Congress shall not levy taxes on personal incomes , ​​ estates and / or gifts . "
We support the use of motor fuel excise taxes , at rates not in excess of those currently imposed , to be used exclusively for the erection , maintenance , and administration of Federal highways .
​​
These taxes should never be used for " demonstration projects " , mass transit or for other non -highway purposes .
We support the use of excise taxes to curb the use of tax dollars for media advertising , and to provide so - called " tax abatements ” , “ tax incentives " and " economic development grants , " which are pretexts to raid the public treasury and rob the workingman for the benefit of wealthy interests favored by the politicians .
Terrorism and Personal Liberty
The Bill of Rights is the first 10 amendments to the Constitution .
Because we will refer to the fourth and fifth amendments , let ’s read them in their entirety .
Amendment IV :
“ The right of the people to be secure in their persons , houses , papers , and effects , against unreasonable searches and seizures , shall not be violated , and no Warrants shall issue , but upon probable cause , supported by Oath or affirmation , and particularly describing the place to be searched , and the persons or things to be seized . ”
Amendment V :
“ No person shall be held to answer for a capital , or otherwise infamous​​ crime , unless on a presentment or indictment of a Grand Jury , except in cases arising in the land or naval forces , or in the Militia , when in actual service in time of War or public danger ; nor shall any person be subject for the same offence to be twice​ ​ put in jeopardy of life or limb ; nor shall be compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against himself , nor be deprived of life , liberty , or property , without due process of law ; nor shall private property be taken for public use , without just compensation . ”
Note : there is no exception to these rights provided for war or public danger .
Article 1 , Section 9 , Clause 2 :
“ The Privilege of the Writ of Habeas Corpus shall not be suspended , unless when in Cases of Rebellion or Invasion the public Safety​​ may require it . ”
Note :
The threat of Terrorism has not been claimed to be a rebellion or an invasion .
America is engaged in an undeclared war with an ill - defined enemy ( terrorism ) , a war which threatens to be never ending and which is being used to vastly expand government power , particularly that of the executive branch , at the expense of the individual liberties of the American people .
The " war on terrorism " is serving as an excuse for the government to spend beyond its income , expand the Federal bureaucracy and socialize the nation through taxpayer bailouts of the airlines , subsidies to the giant insurance corporations and other Federal programs .
​​
We deplore and vigorously oppose legislation and executive action that deprive the people of their rights​​ secured under the Fourth and Fifth Amendments under the guise of " combating terrorism " or " protecting national security . "
Examples of such legislation are the National Security Act , the USA PATRIOT Act , the proposed Domestic Securities Enhancement Act ( colloquially known as " Patriot II " ) , the Military Commissions Act , the National Defense Authorization Act and especially the creation of the Department of Homeland Security .
We further oppose any other governmental action that would deprive persons of life , liberty or property without due process of law .
The National Security
Act is used by the federal government as a shroud to prevent the American people and our elected officials from knowing how much and where our tax dollars are spent from covert operations around the world .
The National Security Act prevents the release of Executive Orders and Presidential Decision Directives , e.g. , PDD 25 , to the American people and our elected representatives .
Not only are many of these used to thwart justice in the name​​ of national security but some of the operations under this act may threaten our very national sovereignty .
The USA PATRIOT
Act permits arrests without warrants and secret detention without counsel , wiretaps without court supervision , searches and seizures without notification to the individual whose property is invaded and a host of other violations of the legal safeguards our nation has historically developed according to principles descending from the Fourth and Fifth Amendments .
Since we will no longer​​ have a free nation while the federal government ( or the governments of the several states , as the federal government may authorize ) can violate our historic rights under such laws , we call for the rejection of all such laws and the ceasing of any such further proposals including the aforementioned Domestic Securities Enhancement Act .
The National Defense Authorization
Act gives authority to the President of the United States to have persons arrested , including U.S. citizens , without a warrant , without a trial , indefinitely .
The Constitution Party opposes all violent acts of sedition , treason and covert guerilla warfare conducted on U.S. soil .
Individuals responsible for these acts must be punished for their crimes including the infliction of capital​​ punishment where appropriate .
In responding to terrorism , however , the United States must avoid acts of retaliation abroad which destroy innocent human lives , creating enmity toward the United States and its people ; and in accord with the views of our Founding Fathers , we must disengage this nation from the international entanglements which generate foreign hatred of the United States , and are used as the excuse for terrorist attacks on America and its people .
The ' war on terrorism " is not a proper excuse for perpetual U.S. occupation of foreign lands , military assaults on countries which have not injured us , or perpetual commitment of taxpayer dollars to finance foreign governments .
Veterans
President George Washington stated :
“ The willingness with which our young people are likely to serve in any war , no matter how justified , shall be directly proportionate to how they perceive the veterans of earlier wars were treated and appreciated by their country ” .
The Constitution Party appreciates the contributions of our servicemen and veterans to the preservation of American freedom .
We shall continue to recognize their contributions to the national welfare by providing equitable pay and benefits to our military personnel , and generous health , education , and other benefits to veterans .
We vigorously resist the attempt by any government agency to nullify or reduce earned benefits to veterans and their survivors , including but not limited to , compensation , pensions , education , and health care .
Wage and Price ​​ Control
The Declaration of Independence declares the purpose of Government is " to secure these Rights " , these unalienable rights such as Liberty .
Note : ​​ Nothing in the Constitution , writings of the Founders , nor in logic , can imagine a God - given right to​​ earn a specific wage or buy at a specific price .
We deny that civil government has the authority to set wages and prices ; so doing is inconsistent with principles of individual liberty and the free market .
Welfare
The Declaration of Independence declares ,
" all men ... are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights ... That to secure these rights , Governments are instituted among Men ... "
The Preamble of the US Constitution shows how these rights are to be secured including ,
​​ " provide for the common defense , promote the general Welfare " .
Two clear distinctions should be made here :
Provide implies actively and financially supporting ; promote implies a more passive approach .
For example , I 'll promote that we put on a grand feast , but I​​ want you to provide it !
General Welfare is not the same as individual Welfare .
​​ General Welfare would benefit the people generally , individual Welfare targets a certain segment of society to benefit , such as the poor .
Providing Individual Welfare is not​​ authorized in the Constitution .
God , who endows us with life , liberty , property , and the right to pursue happiness , also exhorts individuals to care for the needy , the sick , the homeless , the aged , and those who are otherwise unable to care for themselves .
America ’s welfare crisis is a government - induced crisis .
Government social and cultural policies have undermined the work ethic , even as the government ’s economic and regulatory policies have undermined the ability of our citizens to obtain work .
Charity , and provision of welfare to those in need , is not a Constitutional responsibility of the federal government .
Under no circumstances should the taxpayers of the United States be obligated , under penalty of law through forced taxation , to assume the cost​​ of providing welfare for other citizens .
Neither should taxpayers be indentured to subsidize welfare for persons who enter the United States illegally .
The message of Christian charity is fundamentally at odds with the concept of welfare maintenance as a​​ right .
In many cases , welfare provisions by the Federal government are not only misdirected , but morally destructive .
It is the intended purpose of civil government to safeguard life , liberty and property – not to redistribute wealth .
Such redistribution​​ is contrary to the Biblical command against theft .
We encourage individuals , families , churches , civic groups and other private organizations , to fulfill their personal responsibility to help that in need .
When surveying the goals of transhumanists , I found it striking how heavily many of them favor conventional engineering .
This seems inefficient and inelegant , since such engineering reproduces slowly , clumsily and imperfectly , what biological systems have fine - tuned for eons , from nanobots ( enzymes and miRNAs ) to virtual reality ( lucid dreaming ) .
Recently , I was reading an article about memory chips .
( See Resources )
In it , the primary researcher makes two statements that fall in the “ not even wrong ” category : “ Brain cells are nothing but leaky bags of salt solution , ” and “ I do n’t need a grand theory of the mind to fix what is essentially a signal - processing problem . ”
And it came to me in a flash that many transhumanists are uncomfortable with biology and would rather bypass it altogether for two reasons , each exemplified by these sentences .
The first is that biological systems are squishy — they exude blood , sweat and tears , which are deemed proper only for women and weaklings .
The second is that , unlike silicon systems , biological software is inseparable from hardware .
And therein lies the major stumbling block to personal immortality .
The analogy du siècle equates the human brain with a computer — a vast , complex one performing dizzying feats of parallel processing , but still a computer .
However , that is incorrect for several crucial reasons that bear directly upon mind portability .
A human is not born as a tabula rasa , but with a brain that ’s already wired and functioning as a mind .
Furthermore , the brain forms as the embryo develops .
It can not be inserted after the fact , like an engine in a car chassis or software programs in an empty computer box .
Theoretically speaking , how could we manage to live forever while remaining recognizably ourselves to us ?
One way is to ensure that the brain remains fully functional indefinitely .
Another is to move the brain into a new and / or indestructible " container , ” whether carbon , silicon , metal or a combination thereof .
Not surprisingly , these notions have received extensive play in science fiction , from the messianic angst of The Matrix to Richard Morgan ’s Takeshi Kovacs trilogy .
To give you the punch line up front , the first alternative may eventually become feasible but the second one is intrinsically impossible .
Recall that a particular mind is an emergent property ( an artifact , if you prefer the term ) of its specific brain –- nothing more , but also nothing less .
Unless the transfer of a mind retains the brain , there will be no continuity of consciousness .
Regardless of what the post - transfer identity may think , the original mind with its associated brain and body will still die –- and be aware of the death process .
Furthermore , the newly minted person / ality will start diverging from the original the moment it gains consciousness .
This is an excellent way to leave a detailed memorial or a clone - like descendant , but not to become immortal .
What I just mentioned essentially takes care of all versions of mind uploading , if by uploading we mean recreation of an individual brain by physical transfer rather than a simulation that passes Searle ’s Chinese room test .
However , even if we ever attain the infinite technical and financial resources required to scan a brain / mind 1 ) non-destructively and 2 ) at a resolution that will indeed recreate the original , several additional obstacles still loom .
The act of placing a brain into another biological body , à la Mary Shelley ’s Frankenstein , could arise as the endpoint extension of appropriating blood , sperm , ova , wombs or other organs in a heavily stratified society .
Besides being de facto murder of the original occupant , it would also require that the incoming brain be completely intact , and be able to rewire for all physical and mental functions .
After electrochemical activity ceases in the brain , neuronal integrity deteriorates in a matter of seconds .
The slightest delay in preserving the tissue seriously skews in vitro research results , which tells you how well this method would work in maintaining details of the original ’s personality .
To recreate a brain / mind in silico , whether a cyborg body or a computer frame , is equally problematic .
Large portions of the brain process and interpret signals from the body and the environment .
Without a body , these functions will flail around and can result in the brain … well , losing its mind .
Without corrective “ pingbacks ” from the environment that are filtered by the body , the brain can easily misjudge to the point of hallucination , as seen in phenomena like phantom limb pain or fibromyalgia .
Additionally , processing at light speed will probably result in madness , as everything will appear to happen simultaneously or will change order arbitrarily .
Finally , without context we may lose the ability for empathy , as is shown in Bacigalupi ’s disturbing story People of Sand and Slag .
Empathy is as instrumental to high - order intelligence as it is to survival : without it , we are at best idiot savants , at worst psychotic killers .
Of course , someone can argue that the entire universe can be recreated in VR .
At that point , we ’re in god territory … except that even if some of us manage to live the perfect Second Life , there ’s still the danger of someone unplugging the computer or deleting the noomorphs .
So there go the Star Trek transporters , there go the Battlestar Galactica Cylon resurrection tanks .
Let ’s now discuss the possible : in situ replacement .
Many people argue that replacing brain cells is not a threat to identity because we change cells rapidly and routinely during our lives — and that , in fact , this is imperative if we ’re to remain capable of learning throughout our lifespan .
It ’s true that our somatic cells recycle , each type on a slightly different timetable , but there are two prominent exceptions .
The germ cells are one , which is why both genders — not just women — are progressively likelier to have children with congenital problems as they age .
Our neurons are another .
We ’re born with as many of these as we ’re ever going to have and we lose them steadily during our life .
There is a tiny bit of novel neurogenesis in the olfactory system , but the rest of our 100 billion microprocessors neither multiply nor divide .
What changes are the neuronal processes ( axons and dendrites ) and their contacts with each other and with other cells ( synapses ) .
These tiny processes make and unmake us as individuals .
We are capable of learning as long as we live , though with decreasing ease and speed , because our axons and synapses are plastic as long as the neurons that generate them last .
But although many functions of the brain are diffuse , they are organized in localized clusters ( which can differ from person to person , sometimes radically ) .
Removal of a large portion of a brain structure results in irreversible deficits , unless it happens in very early infancy .
We know this from watching people go through transient or permanent personality and ability changes after head trauma , stroke , extensive brain surgery or during the agonizing process of various neurodegenerative diseases , dementia in particular .
However , intrepid immortaleers need not give up .
There ’s real hope in the horizon for renewing a brain and other body parts : embryonic stem cells ( ESCs ) .
Depending on the stage of isolation , ESCs are truly totipotent – something , incidentally , not true of adult stem cells that can only differentiate into a small set of related cell types .
If neuronal precursors can be introduced to the right spot and coaxed to survive , differentiate and form synapses , we will gain the ability to extend the lifespan of a brain and its mind .
Having brain replacement would rank way higher in the trauma scale .
It will take an enormous amount of fine - tuning to induce ESCs to do the right thing .
Each step that I casually listed in the previous sentence ( localized introduction , persistence , differentiation , synaptogenesis ) is still barely achievable in the lab with isolated cell cultures , let alone the brain of a living human .
Primary neurons live about three weeks in the dish , even though they are fed better than most children in developing countries — and if cultured as precursors , they never attain full differentiation .
The ordeals of Christopher Reeve and Stephen Hawking illustrate how hard it is to solve even “ simple ” problems of either grey or white brain matter .
The technical hurdles will eventually be solved .
A larger obstacle is that each round of ESC replacement will have to be very slow and small - scale , to fulfill the requirement of continuous consciousness and guarantee the recreation of pre-existing neuronal and synaptic networks .
As a result , renewal of large brain swaths will require such a lengthy lifespan that the replacements may never catch up .
Not surprisingly , the efforts in this direction have begun with such neurodegenerative diseases as Parkinson ’s , whose causes are not only well defined but also highly localized : the dopaminergic neurons in the substantia nigra .
Renewing the hippocampus or cortex of a Alzheimer ’s sufferer is several orders of magnitude more complicated and in stark contrast to the “ black box ” assumption of the memory chip researcher we will need to know exactly what and where to repair .
To go through the literally mind - altering feats shown in Whedon ’s Dollhouse would be the brain equivalent of insect metamorphosis .
It would take a very long time – and the person undergoing the procedure would resemble Terry Schiavo at best , if not the interior of a pupating larva .
Dollhouse gets one fact right : if such rewiring is too extensive or too fast , the person will have no memory of their prior life , desirable or otherwise .
But as is typical in Hollywood science ( an oxymoron , but we ’ll let it stand ) , it gets a more crucial fact wrong : such a person is unlikely to function like a fully aware human or even a physically well - coordinated one for a significant length of time — because her brain pathways will need to be validated by physical and mental feedback before they stabilize .
Many people never recover full physical or mental capacity after prolonged periods of anesthesia .
Having brain replacement would rank way higher in the trauma scale .
The most common ecological , social and ethical argument against individual quasi-eternal life is that the resulting overcrowding will mean certain and unpleasant death by other means unless we are able to access extraterrestrial resources .
Also , those who visualize infinite lifespan invariably think of it in connection with themselves and those whom they like — choosing to ignore that others will also be around forever , from genocidal maniacs to cult followers , to say nothing of annoying in - laws or predatory bosses .
At the same time , long lifespan will almost certainly be a requirement for long - term crewed space expeditions , although such longevity will have to be augmented by sophisticated molecular repair of somatic and germ mutations caused by cosmic radiation .
So if we want eternal life , we had better first have the Elysian fields and chariots of the gods that go with it .
Liu Xiaobo is a veteran of the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests Leading Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo has been jailed for 11 years for " inciting subversion of state power " , after a trial condemned in the West .
The trial , from which Western diplomats and journalists were barred , followed Mr Liu 's co-authorship of a document last year urging political reform .
Several people were apparently hurt at a Hong Kong protest over the sentence .
The human rights group Amnesty International condemned the sentence , saying freedom of speech was at stake .
The US also denounced the sentence .
China has accused Washington and the EU of meddling in its affairs .
The BBC's Michael Bristow in Beijing says the sentence shows China does not want anyone to challenge its authority .
' Release him ' " All I can tell you now is 11 years , " the defendant 's wife , Liu Xia , told reporters .
Diplomats said they were told by Mr Liu 's lawyers that he had been deprived of his political rights for a further two years .
ANALYSIS Micky Bristow , BBC News , Beijing Liu Xiaobo's sentence could have been worse - he could have been given a maximum of 15 years in prison but no - one is yet suggesting that the activist got off lightly .
Human rights groups and others with knowledge of China 's legal system say this is a harsh sentence .
Amnesty International said that according to their records this is the longest sentence handed down for this charge since 2003 , perhaps longer .
China 's Communist Party leaders appear to be sending a message to anyone else who might want to challenge their total grip on power : do n't .
Chinese people have been given many freedoms since reforms were first begun 30 years ago , but this sentence shows that they have only very limited political rights .
There was immediate US reaction to the sentencing .
" We continue to call on the government of China to release him immediately and to respect the rights of all Chinese citizens to peacefully express their political views in favour of universally recognised fundamental freedoms , " said embassy official Gregory May at the courthouse .
Mr May was one of a dozen diplomats - from the US , Canada , Australia and several European countries - stopped by authorities from attending the trial and sentencing .
" Persecution of individuals for the peaceful expression of political views is inconsistent with internationally recognised norms of human rights , " Mr May said .
Chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman Jiang
Yu told reporters this week that statements from embassies calling for Mr Liu 's release were " a gross interference of China 's internal affairs " .
Photographs taken outside China 's Liaison Office in Hong Kong on Friday show three people being treated on the pavement for injuries .
The Associated Press , which released the images , said a security guard , a protester and a police officer had been hurt during a protest .
Three people were injured at the Hong Kong protest , AP reports
Singled out Mr Liu is a prominent government critic and veteran of the 1989 Tiananmen Square democracy protests .
We should end the practice of viewing words as crimes
Charter 08
A writer and former university professor , he has been in jail since 2008 , after being arrested for writing a document known as Charter 08 .
The charter called for greater freedoms and democratic reforms in China , including an end to Communist one - party rule .
Mr Liu is the only person to have been arrested for organising the Charter 08 appeal , but others who signed it have reportedly being harassed .
Amnesty International said it condemned the sentence imposed on Mr Liu and was " deeply concerned for other Charter 08 signatories and freedom of expression in China " .
" Liu Xiaobo 's detention and trial show that the Chinese government will not tolerate Chinese citizens participating in discussions about their own form of government , " said Sam Zarifi , director of Amnesty 's Asia - Pacific Programme .
In earlier interviews with the BBC , co-signatories of the Charter said they were ready to be punished alongside Mr Liu - not to admit they had done anything wrong , but to stress their ideas were the same .
Abolishing the law on inciting to subvert state power is among the reforms advocated in Charter 08 .
" We should end the practice of viewing words as crimes , " the petition says .
" [ Mr Liu ] has worked to try to find a way to allow the ordinary citizen to criticise the government or to make proposals to the government , on how the people can participate in government , " the head of the law firm defending him , Mo Shaoping , told AFP .
" We pleaded not guilty - his crime is a crime of speech , " he said .
More than 300 international writers including Salman Rushdie , Umberto Eco and Margaret Atwood have called for Liu 's release , saying he should be allowed to express his opinion .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Google and TiVo are teaming up for a new deal that 'll put your clicking habits into the hands of advertisers .
Before you grab the nearest " privacy violation " placard , though , check out the specifics of this arrangement -- it 's probably far less invasive than what you 're expecting .
Google and TiVo's Ad Data Deal
The Google - TiVo ad data deal , announced on Tuesday , is described as an " audience research agreement . "
In simple terms , TiVo will share anonymous viewing trends collected from its base of subscribers with Google .
Google will use that data to help its advertisers understand who they 're reaching -- and who they are n't -- when buying television ads through the company 's AdWords TV Ads system .
" None of this is being used to actually target an individual , " explains Google spokesperson Eric Obenzinger .
" It 's more about delivering more accurate reporting back to advertisers so they can inform their future budgeting decisions . "
So what does the data actually include ?
First and foremost , absolutely nothing about who you are .
" When we say that this is all anonymous data , we mean that it is literally anonymous in the strictest definition of the term , " says Todd Juenger , vice president & general manager of TiVo Audience Research & Measurement .
" We do n't collect anything about where it came from . "
What TiVo does collect is a log of what commercials you watched and what commercials you skipped .
It 's like an advanced ratings system , taking TiVo 's DVR functionality into account .
" We know that some set - top box out there pressed play on a certain network at a certain time -- then we know they hit fast - forward , hit pause , and hit play , " Juenger says .
" You do that across a million and a half set - top boxes , and you get a collective picture of what percentage of people were watching a certain commercial at a given time . "
Google 's TV Ad Platform
Unlike with Google 's more widely discussed Web - based advertising platforms , the data collected by TiVo wo n't result in any information being tied to your account or any contextual ads popping up on your system .
In fact , the program is actually no different from what Google was already doing within its TV Ads division .
As Google 's TV
Ads site explains , advertisers using the platform already had access to second - by - second data collected by set - top boxes .
Up until now , Google 's Obenzinger says , that data was collected solely through a partnership with Dish Network .
With the new deal , TiVo 's data will be combined with Dish 's to give advertisers a more detailed picture .
So , that 's the truth about the Google - TiVo advertising deal -- not quite as scary as some preliminary stories might have led you to believe .
If you 're still flying your " Google Is Evil " flag , though , fear not :
The power to opt out is completely in your hands .
Just head over to TiVo's Web site and sign in to your account to change your privacy preferences .
And for a detailed look at Google 's other ad- related ventures , click over to " Inside Google 's Advertising Empire . "
Your personal tour awaits .
JR Raphael is co-founder of geek - humor site eSarcasm .
You can keep up with him on Twitter : @jr_raphael .
CHICAGO – Cindy Marble , 40 , is a single mother of four who lives in Crest Hill , just southwest of here .
For seven months Marble worked at the Elwood , Ill. - based Bissell Homecare warehouse in Will County .
On Nov. 5 , Marble and several of her co-workers were fired without any warning , after some of them had trained their replacements .
“ I was fired because of my decision to go along with the union , ” Marble said in a phone interview Nov. 12 .
On Nov. 11 , Marble , her co-workers and supporters picketed in front of the warehouse to protest the firings .
They carried signs that read , “ Stop Bissell ’s dirty work . ”
The Bissell warehouse , managed by Maersk Logistics , opened in January this year and is part of the expanding distribution industry in Chicago ’s suburbs .
It supplies Bissell vacuum cleaners to big box retailers including Kohl ’s , Wal - Mart and Target .
Marble said she and her co-workers were fired en masse after they filed legal complaints over many violations of state and federal law at the warehouse .
In addition the workers notified management last month that they had decided to form a union with the United Electrical , Radio and Machine Workers of America ( UE ) .
There were a lot of unfair conditions , said Marble .
The workers had no paid sick days and many of their wages were arbitrarily slashed .
And none of them had any say in the matter , she said .
Marble said one of her co-workers was eight months pregnant and no provisions were made for her well - being .
She was expected to lift boxes of vacuum cleaners over her head , said Marble .
“ So I spoke up for her and the supervisor said she needed to bring in a doctor ’s note saying she could n’t lift the heavy boxes , ” Marble said .
“ It was too much for her . ”
The pregnant woman too was eventually fired .
According to UE the warehouse has been using an unlicensed temporary employment agency , Roadlink Workforce Solutions , that has repeatedly violated many state and federal laws , including paying some workers less than minimum wage .
Workers also cite racial discrimination , unpaid wages and threats of retaliation for bringing these issues to management ’s attention .
The workers have complained that Bissell Homecare , via their management company and temporary employment provider , violated the Fair Labor Standards Act , which governs minimum wage ; the Day Labor And Temporary Services
Act , a state law that regulates temporary employment agencies ; the National Labor Relations Act , which governs workers ’ right to association and organization ; and the Civil Rights Act , which prohibits discrimination based on race .
The workers and the union say Bissell is to blame because it hired the two firms in the first place .
Bissell says none of its employees work in the warehouse .
In a press release Bissell claimed it “ is concerned about any allegations of improper labor practices and we have advised Maersk that Bissell expects full compliance with all appropriate legal and safety standards in the workplace . ”
Bissell said the company is going to end its contract with Roadlink , “ which is apparently at the root of the dispute that has arisen here . ”
Abe Mwaura , project coordinator for a workers rights group called Warehouse Workers for Justice , said the workers came to his group for help .
After the workers decided to form a union many of them received threats , he said .
The day after the workers told management to recognize their union , two of the leaders were immediately fired , said Mwaura .
About half of the others were later let go , he said .
Mwaura said that by the end of the month a total of 65 workers will be left without a job , after they train their replacements .
As of Nov. 12 , 20 of them had been let go , he said .
“ It ’s very clear to us and the workers this was an act of retaliation for blowing the whistle on the many violations of the law , ” said Mwaura .
“ We feel very strongly all sorts of discrimination issues were going on here , ” he said .
Mwaura said the workers were in the process of filing for a union election and that 80 percent of the expected and fired workers were in support of forming one with UE .
“ We feel that Bissell needs to beheld accountable because it ’s their vacuum cleaners that these workers are producing , ” he said .
“ They are joint employers and they along with the other two agencies are jointly at fault . ”
Bissell hired these firms , it owns the warehouse and it is jointly at fault for allowing these abuses to go on in its supply chain , said Mwaura .
“ We want them to follow the law and put these people back to work .
These are workers who built the wealth of this multinational company , ” he said .
For them to take no responsibility is unacceptable , said Mwaura .
Labor laws were violated , workers were fired with no warning and none of this is legal , he said .
As the holiday season approaches , Marble said she worries about her children at home .
She said she could understand that Bissell thought things were fine at the warehouse .
But now that they know what ’s really going on , they need to be held responsible and take positive steps to correct the problem .
“ Their families are not better than ours .
We just want to be able to work , make decent wages and provide for our families , ” she said .
“ We want the same things they want .
We ’re not beneath them . ”
Marble hopes Bissell will pressure Maersk to abide by the law and reinstate her and her co-workers .
“ We just want to go back to work and be treated with respect without being harassed , ” said Marble .
“ That ’s all we ’re looking for – some justice . ”
Photo : Cindy Marble stands in front of the warehouse as a truck arrives to pick up vacuum cleaners .
( www.warehouseworker.org)
Introduction
Latency is a tricky subject , sometimes it 's not even clear what or how to measure it .
I 've had the experience of writing a fairly complex system requiring low latencies in Erlang .
Fortunately Erlang provides really good baseline performance .
Most of the time you simply write your program and it will perform well .
There are however a few tricks that can be used to lower the latencies of a specific path in the system .
This document describes a few of these tricks .
Yield
Erlang allows you to design efficient concurrent systems without caring how processes are scheduled or how many cores the system is running on .
When running Erlang with multiple schedulers ( generally one per CPU - core ) the runtime will balance the load between the schedulers by migrating processes to starved schedulers .
There is no way to bind processes to schedulers or control how processes are migrated between schedulers .
This introduces a non-deterministic behavior in the system and makes it hard to control latency .
A common pattern is to have a demultiplexer that receives a message , sends it to some other process / processes and then performs some additional processing on the message :
loop ( State ) -> receive Msg -> Pid = lookup_pid( Msg , State ) , Pid !
Msg , State2 = update_state ( Msg , State ) , loop ( State2 ) end .
After the message has been sent the receiving process will be ready to execute , but unless the receiving process is on a different scheduler the demultiplexer will first finish executing .
Ideally we would bind the demultiplexer to one scheduler and bind the receiving processes to the other schedulers , but that 's not allowed in Erlang .
Erlang provides only one simple , but powerful way to control scheduling :
The built - in function ( BIF ) erlang : yield / 0 lets processes voluntarily give up execution and let other processes get a chance to execute .
The demultiplexer pattern can be modified by adding erlang : yield ( ) after sending the message :
loop ( State ) -> receive Msg -> Pid = lookup_pid( Msg , State ) , Pid ! Msg , erlang : yield ( ) , State2 = update_state ( Msg , State ) , loop ( State2 ) end .
After the message has been sent the demultiplexer will give up execution .
If the demultiplexer and the receiver are on the same scheduler the receiver will execute before the demultiplexer finishes executing , if they are on different schedulers they will execute in parallel .
Using the erlang : yield /0 BIF it 's possible to control the scheduling of Erlang processes .
If used correctly this can reduce the latency in a system .
Network
All network I/O in Erlang is implemented as an Erlang driver .
The driver is interfaced by the module prim_inet which in turn is interfaced by the network related modules in the kernel application .
There is a performance issue with the prim_inet : send / 2 and prim_inet : recv /2 functions affecting all the network related modules .
When calling prim_inet : send / 2 or prim_inet : recv / 2 the process will do a selective receive .
If the process 's message queue is long there will be a performance penalty from doing this selective receive .
For receiving there is a simple solution to this problem : use the {active , once} socket option .
A simple selective receive - free TCP receiver :
loop ( Sock ) -> inet :setopts ( Sock , [ {active , once} ] ) , receive {tcp , Sock , Data} -> loop ( Sock ) ; {tcp_error , Sock , Reason} -> exit( Reason ) ; {tcp_closed , Sock} -> exit ( ) end .
To implement sending without doing a selective receive it is necessary to use the low - level port interface function erlang : port_command / 2 .
Calling erlang:port_command ( Sock , Data ) on a TCP socket would send the data Data on the socket and return a reference Ref .
The socket will reply by sending {inet_reply , Ref , Status} to the process that called erlang : port_command .
A simple selective receive - free TCP writer :
loop ( Sock ) -> receive {inet_reply , _ , ok} -> loop ( Sock ) ; {inet_reply , _ , Status} -> exit( Status ) ; Msg -> try erlang: port_command ( Sock , Msg ) catch error : Error -> exit( Error ) end , loop ( Sock ) end .
Though not Erlang specific it is important to remember to tune the send and receive buffer sizes .
If the TCP receive window is full data may be delayed up to one network round trip .
For UDP , packets will be dropped .
Distribution
Erlang allows you to send messages between processes at different nodes on the same or different computers .
It is also possible to interact with C - nodes ( Erlang nodes implemented in C ) .
The communication is done over TCP / IP and obviously this introduces latencies , especially when communicating between nodes on a network .
Even when the nodes are running on the same computer they communicate using TCP / IP over the loopback interface .
Different operating systems have widely different loopback performance ( Solaris has lower latency than Linux ) .
If your system uses the loopback interface it's a good idea to consider this .
Further Reading
So if you can't believe it , then here is the 411 on what the Goldman Sachs report to the idiot private health insurance was all about :
A Goldman Sachs analysis of health care legislation has concluded that , as far as the bottom line for insurance companies is concerned , the best thing to do is nothing .
A close second would be passing a watered - down version of the Senate Finance Committee 's bill .
A study put together by Goldman in mid-October looks at the estimated stock performance of the private insurance industry under four variations of reform legislation .
The study focused on the five biggest insurers whose shares are traded on Wall Street : Aetna , UnitedHealth , WellPoint , CIGNA and Humana .
The Senate Finance Committee bill , which Goldman 's analysts conclude is the version most likely to survive the legislative process , is described as the " base " scenario .
Under that legislation ( which did not include a public plan ) the earnings per share for the top five insurers would grow an estimated five percent from 2010 through 2019 .
And yet , the " variance with current valuation " -- essentially , what the value of the stock is on the market -- is projected to drop four percent .
Things are much worse , Goldman estimates , for legislation that resembles what was considered and ( to a certain extent ) passed by the House of Representatives .
This is , the firm deems , the " bear case " scenario -- in which earnings per share for the top five insurers would decline an estimated one percent from 2010 through 2019 and the variance with current valuation is projected to be negative 36 percent .
What the firm sees as the best path forward for the private insurance industry 's bottom line is , to be blunt , inaction .
The study 's authors advise that if no reform is passed , earnings per share would grow an estimated ten percent from 2010 through 2019 , and the value of the stock would rise an estimated 59 percent during that time period .
The next best thing for the insurance industry would be if the legislation passed by the Senate Finance Committee is watered down significantly .
Described as a " bull case " scenario -- in which there is " moderation of provisions in the current SFC plan " or " changes prior to the major implementation in 2013 " -- earnings per share for the five biggest insurers would grow an estimated ten percent and the variance with current valuation would rise an estimated 47 percent .
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/...
The report is 17 pages long and is on a PDF format and has a statement from Goldman Sachs on the document that states :
The study does note on the front page that the firm " does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports . "
Those companies include Aetna , Wells Point and United Health .
No shit Sherlock , of course Goldman Sachs ' seeks to do business ' with all the ' death by Spreadsheet ' bloodsuckers from hell .
And do n't cha just wonder how much these idiots actually PAID Goldman Sachs to state the obvious ?
Let 's take a guess ?
How much do you think this report cost ?
Put down your estimates in the comments section .
It is not even worth a poll .
I 'm just curious as hell .
My guess is about $ 750,000.00 , give or take .
And I could have done that report ... it would have been one page that said :
Keep paying all those Syphilitic Congressional Souless
Whores all that money that is dripping with the blood and deaths of millions of Americans , and soon or a later , you will most definitely get what you want , which is more and more Americans , ( that are by the way are your neighbors , your friends , your countrymen ) dying and going bankrupt into eternity .
Because no matter what that Oh So Proper 17 Page Report by Goldman Sachs ( who are currently and frantically bundling Life Insurance Policies to use as their new trip to Vegas gambling tool ) in the end , no matter how ' spiffy and cool and calculated all the pretty numbers and grafts ' look on " Americas Managed Care " report with the large square GOLDMAN SACHS COMPANY EMBLEM proudly placed on the top of the report , what it is really saying is :
Suck your countrymen to death , no matter what the cost , no matter what the pain , no matter if it ends up bankrupting the entire nation , no matter if you might have a bit of a hard time explaining it to your children what you really do for a living , or can't understand why you have constant insomnia , or looking at yourself clearly in the mirror in the morning to see who you have really become , because after all .... its just business , and everyone knows by now that :
GOLDMAN SACHS IS DOING GOD'S WORK .
In an interview with The Sunday Times of London , the cocky chief of Goldman Sachs said he understands that a lot of people are " mad and bent out of shape " at blood - sucking banks .
" I know I could slit my wrists and people would cheer , " Lloyd Blankfein , the C.E.O. , told the reporter John Arlidge .
You are right about that Lloyd , millions of Americans would cheer and I would be in row number one screaming the loudest at you throwing you the sharpest razor I could find .
And the beat goes on :
As one former Goldman banker told Arlidge , the culture there is " completely money - obsessed .
...
There ’s always room — need — for more .
If you are not getting a bigger house or a bigger boat , you ’re falling behind .
It ’s an addiction . "
It ’s an addiction that Washington has done little to quell .
President Obama has not been strong on the issue , and Timothy Geithner coddles the wanton bankers whenever they freak out that they might not be able to put in their new pools next summer .
The bankers try to dismiss calls for regulation as populist ravings , but the insane inequity of it can not be dismissed .
No sooner had the Senate Banking Committee Chairman Chris Dodd announced his plan to overhaul financial regulation Tuesday than compensation experts declared it toothless .
The banks and their lobbyists wheedled concession after concession out of Washington and knocked down proposed inhibition after inhibition .
Now the banks are laughing all the way to the bank .
http://www.nytimes.com/...
Good thing Chris Dodd is ' on the job ' ...... GAK , DOUBLE GAK .
So the Bankers are laughing all the way to the bank as they happily feed their addictions to stealing every thing they have n't already stole , as the Congressional Whores hold out their hands for their ' cut ' of the deal .
Now , where did I put that nail and hammer , it 's time to shake the insanity our of my head again .
You know , shit in , shit out ....
A man who killed and ate what may have been the last wild indochinese tiger in China has been sentenced to 12 years ' jail , local media reports .
Kang Wannian , a villager from Mengla , Yunnan Province , encountered the tiger in February while gathering freshwater clams in a nature reserve near China 's border with Laos .
He claimed to have killed it in self - defence .
The only known wild indochinese tiger in China , photographed in 2007 at the same reserve , has not been seen since Kang 's meal , the Yunnan - based newspaper Life News reported earlier this month .
The paper quoted the provincial Forestry Bureau as saying there was no evidence the tiger was the last one in China .
A local court sentenced Kang to 10 years for killing a rare animal plus two years for illegal possession of firearms , the local web portal Yunnan.cn reported .
Prosecutors said Kang did not need a gun to gather clams .
Four villagers who helped Kang dismember the tiger and ate its meat were also sentenced to three to four years in jail for " covering up and concealing criminal gains " , the report said .
The indochinese tiger is on the brink of extinction , with fewer than 1,000 left in the forests of Laos , Vietnam , Cambodia , Thailand and Burma .
- Reuters
Do not use < h1 > for section headings when it is used for the document title .
https://www.w3.org/wiki/HTML/Usage/Headings/h1only
Use < blockquote > instead of < div > tags for topics and admonitions .
America at the Bat
Winter 2010
There are very few photographs of my dad as a child .
The only two I have seen are his christening picture — a baby boy engulfed in a lacy white dress — and another of him , aged 7 or so , with his father , both in baseball uniforms .
My grandpa Earl , of the Northwood Team , is down on one knee , leaning on a massive wooden bat .
Young Russell , meanwhile , stands beside him wearing the baseball outfit his mother sewed for him , one hand on his dad 's shoulder , the other holding a slimmer bat , grinning ear to ear .
Religion and baseball — those were the two commemorated moments of cultural transmission .
There are oodles more pictures of me as a child .
But two of my favorites are baseball photos : one of me , less than a year old , cradled in my dad 's arm , watching a baseball game ; another of me and my sister in our Minnesota Twins jackets being taught to throw — not like girls — by our dad .
The experience of things baseball is a legacy from fathers to sons ( and sometimes daughters ) .
Selections in the Library of America 's volume Baseball : A Literary Anthology confirm the role of fathers .
Annie Dillard , in her memoir An American Childhood , begins a riff on baseball lingo by conjuring the following scene : " One Sunday afternoon Mother wandered through our kitchen , where Father was making a sandwich and listening to the ball game . "
Stephen Jay Gould 's essay " The Streak of Streaks " opens this way : " My father was a court stenographer .
At his less than princely salary , we watched Yankee games from the bleachers or high in the third deck . "
In an essay on her brother Paul 's appearance in the World Series , " Coming to the Plate , One Family 's Ethos , " Molly O'Neill tells of a ­baseball - mad father who " never seemed to remember any of his sons ' names until he heard them announced over the public address system at the Little League park . "
The most powerful testimony comes from Amiri Baraka , the radical black nationalist and Marxist , who recalls that " the specialest feeling was when my father took me down to Ruppert Stadium some Sundays to see the Newark Eagles , the black pro team .
Very little in my life was as heightened ( in anticipation and reward ) for me as that .... A little big - eyed boy holding his father 's hand . "
Because of the way in which baseball links the generations it has been a channel through which vital traits of American character are instilled .
The health of baseball concerns all of America , and the health of ­America — perhaps especially the American family — finds itself reflected in the state of our national pastime .
Baseball is a mirror of American liberty and of the virtues necessary to sustain it .
BLACK FLIGHT
This sport of fathers and sons is under strain in those precincts of our culture where fatherhood itself is in trouble .
And unfortunately , the experience of the young Amiri Baraka is becoming all too rare .
Many commentators have noted the marked decline in the number of African - Americans watching and playing baseball .
The data from Major League Baseball are the most readily available :
By 1975 , almost three decades after Jackie Robinson arrived , the proportion of African - ­American ­players reached a high of 27 % .
That number then fell off for the next three decades , reaching a low of 8 % in 2007 .
Meanwhile , the percentage of white players has remained fairly level since the 1970s , with the difference being made up by the influx of Latinos and Asians .
As for spectators , they are increasingly and overwhelmingly white .
This was never true in the past .
Before 1947 , during the era of the Negro Leagues , play was segregated , but audiences crossed the color line .
Whites freely attended Negro League games and blacks attended Major League Baseball games ( albeit in segregated seating ) .
Baraka , at that point still known by his birth name of LeRoi Jones , says that he " remained a Giant ‘ fan , ' cause me fadder was , even when J.R. came on the scene [ Robinson played for the rival Dodgers ] . "
Thus , until the last incarnation of the Negro Leagues folded in 1960 , African - Americans often had double baseball allegiances .
Baraka explains : " Those other Yankees and Giants and Dodgers we followed just to keep up with being in America .
We had our likes and our dislikes .
‘ Our ' teams .
But for the black teams , and for us Newarkers , the Newark Eagles , was pure love . "
Today , you'd be hard pressed to find a black barbershop in the land where the TV or the conversation was tuned to a baseball game .
The trend has been noted , lamented in some quarters , but nowhere adequately explained .
My strong hunch is that the declining interest and involvement in baseball is a consequence of the absence of fathers in the black community .
The out - of - wedlock birth rate among African - ­Americans held right around 30 % from 1930 to 1954 ( much higher than the white rate , but still such that the majority of black kids grew up in two - parent families ) .
The elite athletes in the cohort of black boys born in 1954 would have started to enter the majors in the mid- to late ' 70s , when black participation peaked .
The precipitous rise in black fatherlessness began in the late ' 50s , and a quarter - century later the decline in the number of black ballplayers became noticeable .
Today , it is estimated that 80 % of African - American children are raised without a father in the home .
It is striking that there has been no similar decline in enthusiasm for basketball or football ; the racial compositions of the NBA and NFL have held steady at 75 % and 66 % black , respectively .
What accounts for the dramatic discrepancy ?
For starters , we might note that baseball is an acquired taste , whereas the other ball sports have a certain natural appeal .
Jacques Barzun , in his essay " God 's Country and Mine , " observes that in baseball , " The ball is not the center of interest as in those vulgar predatory games like football , basketball , and polo . "
To put it bluntly , kids do n't need fatherly guidance to appreciate " vulgar predatory games . "
Football , in particular , as a collision sport , is the stuff of adolescent male fantasy .
Football is to baseball as heavy metal or rap is to classical or jazz .
Some commentators have claimed that the disappearance of American blacks from baseball is rooted in economics .
The argument runs that because baseball requires more expensive gear than basketball and more infrastructure ( tended fields , leagues , and such ) , impoverished black youths have perforce given up on the game .
This explanation does n't wash for football , however , which is the most gear - laden of sports .
­Little League has left the inner cities , but Pop Warner Youth Football has not .
There is also a lot of speculation about differences in the routes to professional - ­level play , focusing on how the various drafts work and how that might affect a young person 's choice of game .
This strikes me as rational - choice theory gone haywire .
When youngsters head out to shoot hoops or play catch , they are n't calculating the odds of professional success ( if they were , they would concentrate on school instead ) .
Kids play what they love , which is not determined by rational calculation , nor foreclosed by poverty ( at least not in the case of a democratic game like baseball ) .
In the past , city kids without resources were resourceful enough to play ­stickball — and a farm boy like my dad learned to stitch together the leather on his one baseball to keep it playable .
Kids play what they love , but those loves can be cultivated .
Moreover , the higher and finer loves that are the fruit of cultivation can lose out in competition with the weedy natural growths .
Without fathers , there is no baseball , only football and basketball .
As Mark Anthony Neal observed in a Baltimore Sun op - ed , " among the current black ballplayers in the majors a significant number are sons of former major ­leaguers , including John Mayberry Jr. of the Phillies , Gary Matthews Jr. of the Angels and Prince Fielder of the Brewers . "
Neal also mentions the brothers Young ( Dmitri and Delmon ) and Upton ( B.J. and Justin ) : " Both sets of brothers talk about how their fathers were instrumental in their careers , with baseball serving as the common language that bridged the generation gap . "
For all too many black children today , there is n't a generation gap to be bridged ; there is just profound absence — the men who impregnated their mothers are missing , murdered , incarcerated , incapacitated , or unknown .
For them , baseball is a bridge to nowhere .
The fact that in days long ago the children of many immigrants picked up baseball on their own ( because their fathers , though present , had no familiarity with the game ) does not invalidate this hypothesis .
For those first - generation youngsters , the longing for assimilation — together with the cultural dominance of baseball — were sufficient to transmit the love and lore of the game .
Today , baseball is more than ever dependent on fatherly initiation — like that given to Willie Mays , who , as George Will tells it , was taught to walk at six months by his father , " enticing him with a rolling baseball . "
For the past 20 years , Major League Baseball has tried to compensate for the deficit with a program called Reviving Baseball in Inner Cities ( RBI ) .
Just last year , Cal Ripken launched his own Baltimore - based effort , Swing for the Future , with a promise to build five youth development parks in underserved neighborhoods .
These are both ­worthy undertakings , but like all such attempts to engineer substitutes for fathers ( whether mentors , " villages , " or government bureaucrats ) , the odds of success are lower than the natural odds .
Admittedly , the decline of baseball is not the worst effect of ­fatherlessness : Drugs , delinquency , and despair are all worse .
­Nonetheless , black alienation from baseball is part of the collateral ­damage .
And if , as I believe , baseball has a moral and civic dimension , then indifference to baseball is not just an unfortunate byproduct of fatherlessness , but a serious loss in its own right .
BODY AND SOUL
Preferring to be non-judgmental , Americans do n't give much thought to the moral effects of various sports and games .
Of course , we have a general notion of sportsmanship .
Good sportsmanship is a virtue that can be displayed in any activity that involves victory and defeat ( although it may be that some sports have evolved in ways that seriously erode the notion of fair play — hockey , for instance ) .
But there are also more subtle effects on character wrought by how we exercise our ­bodies .
Inasmuch as human beings are compounds of body and soul , there is no such thing as a purely bodily pursuit .
Thomas Jefferson , who thought deeply about the formation of republican citizens , addressed the question of proper exercise in a letter to his 15 - year - old nephew , Peter Carr .
After admonishing him to moral behavior ( one gets the sense that Jefferson had cause to be concerned ) and detailing a course of reading in ancient history , poetry , and philosophy , Jefferson instructed him to spend two hours a day exercising :
A strong body makes the mind strong .
As to the species of ­exercise , I advise the gun .
While this gives a moderate exercise to the body , it gives boldness , enterprise , and independence to the mind .
Games played with the ball and others of that nature , are too violent for the body and stamp no character on the mind .
Let your gun therefore be the constant companion of your walks .
Never think of taking a book with you .
The object of walking is to relax the mind .
You should therefore not permit yourself even to think while you walk .
But divert your attention by the objects surrounding you .
Walking is the best possible exercise .
Habituate yourself to walk very far .
The Europeans value themselves on ­having ­subdued the horse to the uses of man .
But I doubt whether we have not lost more than we have gained by the use of this animal .
No one has occasioned so much the degeneracy of the human body .
An Indian goes on foot nearly as far in a day , for a long journey , as an enfeebled white does on his horse , and he will tire the best horses .
Clearly , Jefferson had a number of concerns about exercise .
For the body , he recommended moderate ( but sustained ) exertion rather than violent effort ; for the mind , he wanted relaxation and refreshment ( secured through the diverting observation of nature ) ; for the ­character , he preferred vigilant self - reliance rather than conformity to team spirit .
For the same reasons , Jefferson advocated an agricultural mode of life — marked by steady habits , mindful cooperation with nature , and independence — rather than a commercial or manufacturing life driven by ambition for gain , divorced from natural limits , and dependent on the decadent desires of others .
Against Jefferson 's wishes , Americans soon became both a commercial and a ball - playing people .
( Indeed , even the Native Americans , whom Jefferson so admired , played lacrosse . )
Most of us have exchanged the serious solitude of the streams and forests for the camaraderie and competition of the playing field , the sociality of the stadium , and the mediated connection of the screen .
Unlike Jefferson , we believe that being part of a team — including rooting for a team — can be good for us .
What results do the soccer moms expect to see ?
Certainly , they hope their children will be healthy and fit , will develop specific athletic skills , and perhaps will acquire beauty of form and movement ( on field and off ) .
Beyond physical excellences , they hope for character ­training — all that is implied by words like practice , effort , discipline , and ­concentration .
They hope their kids will learn not to be either a ball - hog or afraid of the ball , not to be either a boaster or a coward .
Perhaps they sense the benefit of games — which are highly rule - bound , man -made ­constructions — as a preparation for self - government , where one lives as a citizen under laws that the community has given itself .
Perhaps they hope being part of a team will allow children to experience the subordination of the self to a larger whole engaged in a noble endeavor .
Granting that a wide variety of sports can help inculcate virtues of body and soul , we still ought to ask , are some better at it than ­others ?
Are there qualities of character that belong especially , perhaps even uniquely , to some sports ?
Moreover , do the virtues cultivated by a sport have any political valence ?
Baseball was once overwhelmingly the national pastime .
Was that purely accidental , or was there a connection between the national game and the national character ?
Baseball is clearly in decline among African - Americans , and arguably so for the rest of the country .
Does it matter ?
Jefferson 's opinion that ball games " stamp no character on the mind " may well be accurate with respect to soccer .
The virtue - neutral aspect of soccer is consistent with its universal appeal .
Soccer is played in all manner of regimes , from the radically secular to the theocratic , from dictatorships to democracies .
Hordes of American kids now play soccer even though the game figured not at all in the childhoods of their parents ( particularly those aging Boomer parents ) .
Lacking any feel for the game , these mothers and fathers nonetheless happily cart their children to practices .
Why ?
Because their kids can buzz around in a confined area for an hour , get plum tuckered out , and run not much risk of humiliating themselves ( other than the rare " own - goal " ) .
Of course , if the kids keep at it , they eventually need to acquire some ball - handling skills — but soccer is never psychologically demanding or politically formative in the way that baseball is .
For a beginning player , baseball involves long stretches of boredom interrupted by moments of heart - stopping terror .
The punctuated pace of baseball requires the development of coiled attentiveness ( it is estimated that Cal Ripken assumed the ready position 21,000 times a ­season ) and unflappable self - control .
There is no flow as in basketball or soccer .
Flow can hide a multitude of mistakes .
In baseball , each moment is distinct and features one individual .
( John Updike famously dubbed baseball " an essentially lonely game . " )
The whole team is counting on that player in that moment .
The possibility of utter humiliation does not disappear even at the professional level — think of Bill Buckner 's fielding error in the 1986 World Series .
Of course , there are key moments in other games :
You get the ball in the final seconds and must score .
But often those moments can be scripted or engineered ; a coach goes to the player he thinks can deliver .
In baseball , however , the offense is fixed from the start by the batting order .
It 's your turn and no one else 's .
Although there are strategies involved in setting the batting order , there is also an inescapable ­element of chance in how the order plays out in any particular game .
It is a lottery — and lottery is the quintessential democratic mode .
The assumption behind the batting order is that each individual deserves an equal chance .
( The violation of that fundamental assumption is why the designated hitter is an abomination ; it points in the repellant direction of football - like specialization : the pitcher as special - teams player . )
There is no taking turns in other ball sports .
Kids will naturally feed the ball to the best players or their friends ; in other words , they adopt either the aristocratic or the oligarchic principle .
Baseball 's batting order is ­salutary in that it insists upon and demonstrates just how difficult democracy is .
Especially at the younger levels where natural inequalities are more pronounced , stronger hitters must learn to cheer on their teammates and weaker hitters must learn to conquer dread , learn to draw the walk , learn to bunt , learn even to " take one for the team . "
THE DEMOCRATIC GAME
Just as everyone bats , so too everyone takes the field .
A baseball team is like a citizen militia rather than a professional military with distinct ranks and services .
There is no division into fully separate offensive and defensive squads as in football ( or offensive and defensive players as in soccer ) ; there is nothing remotely like a quarterback , barking orders .
The array of skills — batting , throwing , catching , running the bases — that must be mastered by each player in baseball is truly ­daunting .
No one makes a high - school baseball team who has n't been playing for many years .
By contrast , a player can come to the game of football much later on the basis of athleticism alone .
It might also be noted that many commentators regard hitting a pitched ball as the most fearsome and difficult feat in athletic competition .
A golf ball sits still ; a tennis ball is softer , moves slower , and is hit with a racket face many times the area of the ball 's face .
By contrast , a fastball capable of killing a batter reaches the plate in 0.417 seconds .
A batter has two - tenths of a second to decide to swing , and two - tenths of a second to do so .
The pitch exists in a hittable position for just 15 - thousandths of a second .
The democratic individualism of baseball is also on display in the shape and dimensions of the field , which allow each player — and each spectator — a sovereign view of the whole .
Home plate is a vortex from which radiate foul lines stretching ( theoretically ) to infinity .
Updike speaks of an " immense and tranquil field sparsely settled with poised men in white . "
These are the respectable distances of self - government , where each action is ideally transparent , seen by all , understood by all .
The experience of football is the opposite .
The gridiron illustrates the fog of war .
If you are one of the grunts on the front lines , you slam the guy facing you .
You know the planned movement as it appeared on the sweeping arcs of the general 's map or the coach 's diagram , but you do n't witness its execution or failure .
The perspective of football players is partial .
That 's why they have to pore over the game films , so they can retroactively figure out what happened .
Not even the spectators have a full view .
The crunch of it all obscures vision and knowledge .
After a fumble , you wait to find out which team will emerge from the pile - up in possession of the ball .
As Barzun says : " To watch a football game is to be in prolonged neurotic doubt as to what you 're seeing .
It 's more like an emergency happening at a distance than a game . "
That verdict is seconded by George Will : " The fact that football fans have coarse characters and frayed moral fibers cannot be a matter of mere chance .
The explanation has something to do with a fact noted here before : Football combines two grim features of American life , violence and committee meetings ( huddles ) .
It also has something to do with football 's lunatic fascination with technology . "
Of all the major sports , baseball has been most resistant to the inroads of technology , both in equipment ( contrast baseball 's preservation of the wooden bat with the game - changing evolution of tennis rackets ) and in the use of the instant replay , which seeks to replace fallible human judgment with scientific accuracy .
Baseball was the last major sport to allow a role for such technology , and it has kept that role strictly limited .
In general , the status of the umpire — especially the home - plate umpire — is different from the referees of other sports , who mostly police infractions and dole out occasional penalties .
Referees are like the policemen that every regime must have , but the home - plate umpire is more like the independent judiciary that is unique to liberal democracies .
In baseball , every pitch requires a judgment call .
What the umpire does differs in both degree ( the frequency of his calls ) and kind ( calling balls and strikes is qualitatively different from calling violations like offside or traveling ) .
The umpire is integral to the game to an unparalleled degree .
Not surprisingly , umps come in for more abuse from players , managers , and fans than do refs .
Indeed , George Jean Nathan suggested in a 1910 Harper 's Weekly essay , " Baiting the Umpire , " that the real , distinctively American sport is " killing - the - umpire " :
Other countries have tried baseball , but they have not tried killing - ­the - umpire .
That is probably the reason why they have not waxed enthusiastic over baseball .
For baseball without umpire - killing is like football without girls in the grand - stand .
Once again , the situation in baseball can be analogized to our political life .
In the American republic , the attitude toward the law is ­complicated .
Law - abidingness is a virtue , and a duty since you have consented to play by these rules .
At the same time , standing up for your rights , speaking truth to power , and resisting bad government are admired .
Justice is not reducible to obeying the law .
Baseball embodies this duality .
It encourages deference to judicial authority by enshrining judgment behind the plate ( the official rules state : " No player , manager , coach or substitute shall object to any such judgment decisions [ on the part of an umpire ] " ) ; but it also , by the unwritten rules , tolerates a fair bit of raucous questioning of authority .
It does n't permit civil disobedience ( no game could — and it's a serious question whether any polity should ) , but it does put up with obedient incivility .
Hurling invective at " His Umps " readies one for bad Supreme Court decisions .
One thing an umpire does not control is the clock .
There is no clock in baseball .
By contrast , games played within the bounds of large ­rectangles — basketball , soccer , hockey , football , lacrosse — usually play by the clock .
Busy middle - school parents sometimes steer their boys away from trying out for baseball because of this .
Even though games at that level are shortened to six innings , you 're still looking at a 60 - ­minute soccer game ( those , too , are shortened for kids from the ­normal 90 - minute game ) versus a two - hour - plus baseball game , upwards of twice a week .
Moreover , there are no ties in baseball ( contrast
soccer ) and no quick , sudden - death mechanism to resolve a tie ( contrast ­basketball ) .
You just keep playing .
( The parents of young soccer players love ties — it 's so much gentler on the psyche with no winners and losers . )
Games played on the clock suit the hectic pace of modern life :
Dash to the game where the kids dash around for an hour then dash to the next lesson or appointment .
Baseball , though , insists upon its own internal rhythm ; innings are infinitely variable ( a side might bat around or it might be three up , three down ) .
Fascinatingly , one of the dictionary definitions for " inning " is " an opportunity for action or accomplishment . "
Whereas a quarter is a fixed increment , an inning is shaped by the action itself .
An inning is a timeless , alternate world of human agency .
Other evidence of the unbounded character of human aspiration in baseball is that the foul lines are not absolute .
In the rectangular games , out - of - bounds means out - of - bounds .
Nothing of significance ( other than injury I suppose ) can occur there .
In baseball , by contrast , foul balls on the fly are playable .
Fielders are encouraged to make stunning catches in foul territory , virtually leaping into the stands or diving into dugouts .
The same lofty ambition is possible for batters .
The home run goes beyond the dimensions of the outfield , sailing over the wall and even out of the stadium altogether .
The home run is out - standing .
Thus , baseball rewards achievements that technically transcend the horizon of the game .
In no other sport can you score outside the lines .
Perhaps because the pace is slower ( in what other sport is a special break , the seventh - inning stretch , provided just for the spectators ? ) , it is sometimes asserted that baseball belongs to pastoral America .
George
Will emphatically rejects this attempt to link baseball to an idealized earlier era , when life was supposedly unhurried .
He counters that baseball is a dynamic , high - tension game of " blazing speeds " in which the " pace of the action is relentless :
There is barely enough time between pitches for all the thinking that is required . "
That may be true , but it is also compatible with the claim that baseball is fundamentally " leisurely . "
It is the self - contained , world - unto - itself character of baseball — and not silly sentimentality — that is conveyed by a descriptor like " ­leisurely . "
Among the Greeks , the proper use of leisure was worthy activities , among them politics , prayer , philosophy , and play , engaged in for their own sakes .
Real leisure takes one out of time and self .
Baseball 's exemption from the clock encourages this salutary forgetfulness .
It is old - ­fashioned in the sense that freedom is understood and experienced not as license but as transcendence .
It 's no wonder that baseball — along with religion and philosophy — is endangered in our profoundly this - worldly , un-contemplative time .
Remember , Barzun had deprecated as vulgar and predatory those sports whose focus is solely on the ball .
In soccer and basketball , a score results from the position of the ball ( in the goal , through the hoop ) .
In football , a score can result either from the position of the ball ( between the goal posts ) or from the combined position of man and ball ( man with ball in end zone ) .
In baseball , however , it is man alone who scores .
As ­Barzun put it , " man running is the force to be contained . "
Being instinctively focused on the ball , kids do n't realize this .
Think how often Little League coaches shout : " Do n't watch the ball !
Run ! "
The game is constituted by exceedingly complex interactions between what is done with the ball and what happens on the base paths .
In other sports , the television crawl just gives the score and the clock ( football adds the down and yardage count ) .
In baseball , the crawl includes the score , the innings tally , how many outs , how many men on base and which bases , and the pitch count ( a separate box often provides the stats on the batter ) .
Those constantly changing variables must be known to each player at each moment , or he will do the wrong thing with the ball should it come to him .
Baseball is the most mindful of ball games .
Because the object in baseball is not to put the ball in one fixed place ( the basket , the goal , the end zone ) but to get men " on base " and then " home , " there are unique possibilities for team play .
Most revealingly , in these other ball sports there is nothing equivalent to a sacrifice fly or sacrifice bunt , where an out can advance the runner .
Of course , there is teamwork in all team sports , and young people gradually learn the value of making the pass that leads to the shot on goal .
A sacrifice fly , however , conveys deeper lessons about the subordination of self than an assist does .
The cooperative virtues taught by baseball are of a higher order .
Sports are often analogized to warfare .
Football may teach the martial virtues of pain and discipline , but a baseball player might be more likely , upon an instant , to take the individual initiative to fall on a grenade for the sake of his buddies , so they can return home .
Moreover , the baseball diamond — with its injunction to " bring 'em home " — teaches the priority of home .
Baseball knows that war , though both necessary and ennobling , is for the sake of peace .
The offense in baseball is non-imperialistic in character .
There is no unseemly gloating at home plate as there is in the end zone of the enemy .
KEEPING SCORE
Another element of baseball 's greater thoughtfulness is its devotion to numbers .
As George Will has quipped , " baseball people are ­Pythagoreans . "
The allusion is apt — for it reminds one of the ­difference between ancient and modern mathematics , with the ancients experiencing the sheer revelatory delight of numbers while the moderns look always toward practical , and especially technological , applications .
Of course , some of baseball 's stats are useful in a managerial sense , but many others are just for the fun of it .
They further pure theoretical understanding .
They are a great boon to teachers as well — what pizza is to simple fractions , the batting average ( not to mention the earned - run average ) is to more advanced calculations .
Because baseball is a game of statistics , it is a game of " records " and the record book .
Baseball 's Pythagoreans are also historians .
Just check out the Baseball Records Committee of the Society for American Baseball Research , for whom records are made not to be broken but to be discovered , catalogued , corrected , and analyzed .
Sabermetrics is an academic study that has as its goal " discovering objective knowledge about the basic principles that underlie the game . "
Baseball records reach back into the distant past .
My son , who plays soccer and baseball with equal devotion , can still name only one famous soccer player from the past ( Pelé ) .
By contrast , he has heard the names of scores of old - time baseball players , has a handful of their cards , and has read books about legendary figures who died well before he was born .
Baseball lengthens memory .
By encouraging reverence , baseball goes against the dangerous democratic tendency to forget the past and celebrate the new .
Democracy is precarious because it so often undercuts its own moral underpinnings .
Paradoxically or not , it turns out that conservative virtues are needed to sustain the democratic experiment .
Baseball shows the way :
It has a constitutional soul that secures the future by preserving the past .
If there has been anything positive about the steroid scandal in baseball , it is the talk of asterisks in the record books .
This is an example of constitutional vigilance , protecting the game 's structural integrity and fidelity to ­history .
I suspect that a youngster who has read a biography of Lou Gehrig would be disposed to respond to James Madison and the other stars of the nation 's founding Triple - A team .
To put a somewhat more partisan spin on the matter :
A youngster who mentally puts an asterisk next to Barry Bonds in deference to Hank Aaron should be predisposed to set aside the dishonest distortions of the " Living Constitution " school of interpretation and opt for an originalist approach .
Along with mathematics and history , there is a related discipline for which baseball constitutes a preparation : the art of storytelling .
From the point of view of the spectator , many of the superiorities of the game culminate in the uniqueness of baseball 's scorekeeping .
No other sport offers the same level of participation to its fans .
It 's also worthy of note that women are prominent in the scorekeeping ranks .
Soccer moms provide transportation and snacks , but in Little League , it 's usually a mom who is entrusted with the official scorebook .
In the mind , if not on the field , there is gender equity in baseball .
Doris Kearns Goodwin , in her memoir Wait Till Next Year , describes her initiation :
When I was six , my father gave me a bright - red scorebook that opened my heart to the game of baseball .
After dinner on long summer nights , he would sit beside me in our small enclosed porch to hear my account of the day 's Brooklyn Dodger game .
Night after night he taught me the odd collection of symbols , numbers , and letters that enable a baseball lover to record every action of the game ....
By the time I had mastered the art of scorekeeping , a lasting bond had been forged among my father , ­baseball , and me .
Scorekeeping is a form of translation ; the action is translated into symbols which can then be translated into a narrative .
What better ­preparation for a life of scholarship than to learn that exciting stories can be lodged in , and then extracted from , curious markings ?
A child introduced to scorekeeping is primed to greet documents and texts of all kinds — whether natural or man made — with enthusiasm .
From the fossil record to voting records , from the songs of grasshoppers to the dialogues of Plato , there are esoteric meanings and truths to be puzzled out .
Goodwin had a good teacher in the art of reading between the lines :
My father pointed to the second inning , where Jackie Robinson had hit a single and then stolen second .
There was excitement in his voice .
" See , it 's all here .
While Robinson was dancing off ­second , he rattled the pitcher so badly that the next two guys walked to load the bases .
That 's the impact Robinson makes , game after game .
Is n't he something ? "
His smile at such moments inspired me to take my responsibility seriously .
I too was taught by my dad to keep score .
While my parents worked in the yard , gardening and building stone terraces , I sat at the picnic table taking down the Twins game from the radio .
Because of its ­narrative quality , baseball is especially suited to radio .
Political pundits often mention Ronald Reagan 's career as an actor ( usually with a discreditable implication ) , but his years as a radio sportscaster may have been more important for the development of his skills as a political orator .
Baseball and language belong together .
American speech is rife with baseball idioms , as a glance through The Dickson Baseball Dictionary will reveal .
Wordsmiths have always been drawn to baseball : From the vernacular ( the specialty of players like Dizzy Dean , Satchel Paige , Casey Stengel , and Yogi Berra ) to belles lettres , memorable language has surrounded the baseball diamond .
That the national game should be so word - drenched could hardly be more appropriate , for the United States is a nation founded by and upon words , from the bold pronouncements of the Declaration to the written Constitution ( the world 's first ) .
We are a nation with a narrative .
A NEW BIRTH OF FREEDOM
Narratives of course have beginnings , middles , and ends .
Here the baseball metaphor perhaps breaks down , for although both individual games and seasons end in either victory or loss , baseball renews itself each year .
Not so with governments .
So far as we know , all political orders perish .
But here again , baseball speaks in a salutary way to our hope that " government of the people , by the people , for the people , shall not perish from the earth . "
Baseball is a game of surprises , extra innings , and , should all else fail , the promise of spring .
Baseball is a hopeful game .
It is sobering to realize that the perpetuation of our polity has certain moral preconditions — preconditions that may be in danger of ­eroding .
So too the perpetuation of our national pastime depends on certain qualities of character in both players and spectators .
However , it turns out that both sets of requisite virtues may be prompted by the very activity of playing ball .
Happy thought : " Play ball ! " could become the rallying cry of American moral and civic renewal .
Whereas Thomas Jefferson counseled against ball games , Abraham Lincoln had a baseball diamond built behind the White House and often joined his sons and their friends in playing ball — testimony to the homely wisdom of Father Abraham .
Former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin is notoriously sensitive to media criticism .
Even so , to many observers this move may seem drastic .
Hoping to keep a “ low profile ” on her upcoming trip to Wisconsin , the one - time GOP vice presidential candidate decided to ban all press from covering her speech .
She further issued an edict against cell phones , cameras , laptops and recording devices of any kind , CNN noted .
ADVERTISEMENT
During a radio interview , Wisconsin Democratic Party Chairman Mike
Tate called the restrictions “ bizarre , ” especially coming from a self - described “ rogue . ”
A recent CNN poll found that were Palin to stage a run for the White House in 2012 , just three in 10 Americans would seriously consider voting for her .
Read more .
" He said he wants to do it with me , " the hit man said , according to a transcript .
" I said , ' No , Paul .
For what you went to law school to become . . . stick with that s-.'
Let me do what I have to do . ' "
South Jersey Criminal Defense Attorneys
DUI Defense – Traffic Offenses – Felonies
Being convicted of even a minor criminal offense can have devastating effects on people ’s lives .
At the Begelman & Orlow , P. C. criminal defense law firm in Cherry Hill , New Jersey , we are committed to defending the rights and interests of people in New Jersey and who are facing criminal charges .
With more than 65 years of combined experience , our New Jersey criminal defense lawyers handle criminal court cases ranging from minor infractions such as traffic violations to serious felony charges .
Some of the areas in which we have successfully handled cases include :
DUI / DWI Defense
Traffic Violations
Spousal Abuse
Theft and Embezzlement
Drug Offenses
Homicide , Murder , Manslaughter
Sex Offenses
Fraud
Embezzlement
Domestic Violence
Assault and Battery
Tax Fraud
One of our attorneys is a former deputy attorney general who investigated , indicted , and prosecuted white collar crimes .
That experience from the other side of the courtroom adds valuable understanding to our criminal defense practice .
Our law firm ’s current leading role in filing federal False Claims
Act and qui tam lawsuits also adds to our knowledge and experience – and that benefits our clients .
New Jersey DUI / DWI Defense Lawyers
Our New Jersey criminal defense lawyers understand the impact a drunk driving conviction can have on people ’s lives .
We know how to protect our clients ’ rights against unreasonable traffic stops related to DUI / DWI and to questioning the validity of Breathalyzer tests and blood alcohol content ( BAC ) results .
As New Jersey DUI lawyers , we are committed to shielding our clients from the harsh consequences of a drunk driving conviction .
Contact our criminal defense and DUI attorneys today if you or a member of your family has been arrested or is about to be arrested and charged with a criminal offense .
Begelman & Orlow , P. C. represents clients in New Jersey ( including the counties of Camden , Burlington , Gloucester , Salem , Mercer , Atlantic , Ocean , and Middlesex ) and Pennsylvania ( including the counties of Philadelphia , Delaware , Chester , Montgomery , and Bucks ) .
testing captions
Most folks lose their phones or send unfortunate text messages when they ’re drunk .
Hugh Grant made a profit of $ 18 million .
The star of “ Did You Hear About the Morgans ? ” was lauded as an art connoisseur in 2001 when he bought an Andy Warhol portrait of Elizabeth Taylor for $ 3 million .
His timing was thought to be impeccable six years later when he sold it for $ 21 million in 2007 .
But it was less of an eye for art and more of a love of drink that led to the sale .
Grant recently admitted he had been on a two - day bender when he ordered an assistant to bid on the painting at a Sotheby ’s auction in New York .
Grant ’s faithful assistant indulged his boozy whim .
“ To my horror , she did , and even worse , got it , ” Grant recently admitted in an interview while doing press for his new romantic comedy with Sarah Jessica Parker .
“ It all began with drink .
I 'd been having a drunken dinner with my father the night before , and I said , ' We ought to go see my brother Jamie .
You know , the Concorde 's amazing . '
And he said , ' I hear it is . '
So I bought him a Concorde ticket and we went .
We had lunch , drank a lot of beer .
And I was thinking about some stuff in the Sotheby 's auction and I saw the Liz Taylor . ”
Grant also said that even though the sale of the painting bolstered his bank account , he wished he had hung onto it .
" I slightly regret selling it now , even though it made me rich , " the actor said in an interview posted on the UK's Daily Mail website .
The pop art painting was one of several portraits Warhol created at the height of his fame and creative output in the 1960s .
Home buyers hoping to take advantage of a new or extended tax credit should not procrastinate :
This third bite at the apple will be the last .
Proponents of the $ 8,000 credit for first - time buyers and the $ 6,500 credit for move - up buyers made it clear during the debate on Capitol Hill that the benefits would not be renewed when they expire .
And a lobbyist for the National Assn. of Realtors confirmed that at the group ’s annual convention last month .
Lawmakers “ made us promise practically in blood that we would not come back ” for another extension , Linda Goold , the Realtor group ’s director of tax policy , told her members .
During the debate , Sen. Johnny Isakson ( R - Ga. ) , a former real estate broker and a longtime proponent of the tax credit , promised his colleagues , “ This is the last extension . ”
And Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus ( D - Mont. ) said , “ It is important that this tax credit does not become a permanent fixture of the tax code . ”
As it stands now , buyers who meet the income eligibility requirements have until midnight April 30 , 2010 , to ink a deal and must close by midnight June 30 to qualify .
Congress enacted the original $ 7,500 first - time buyer credit as part of the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008 .
But because the credit had to be paid back it was more like a no- interest loan than a true credit and there were relatively few takers .
So in the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 , lawmakers upped the ante to a maximum of $ 8,000 for new buyers who closed before Dec. 1 .
They also said the new credit need not be paid back unless the taxpayer moves out within the three - year period following the purchase .
This second attempt at stimulating sales worked so well that the housing lobby implored Congress to help keep the momentum going .
So lawmakers extended the deadline for first - timers and added a “ long - term resident ” tax credit for repeat buyers who owned their current home for at least five consecutive years out of the last eight .
Incidentally , the credit is not a flat $ 8,000 for new buyers and $ 6,500 for repeat buyers .
It is 10 % of the purchase price up to those ceilings .
There is no credit if the price of the house is above $ 800,000 .
Griswolds reunite for Super Bowl ad
How big is the second - home rental market ?
It ’s big enough to support a 30 - second TV ad during the broadcast of Super Bowl XLIV on Feb .
7 .
The sponsor , HomeAway.com , a site that lists some 425,000 rental properties both here and abroad , wo n’t reveal how much the spot cost .
But you can bet it will be a bundle .
A 30 - second ad for the upcoming contest runs from $ 1.9 million to $ 2.5 million , depending on when it appears during the game and other considerations .
The spot , which will reunite Chevy Chase and Beverly D’Angelo , who played Clark and Ellen Griswold in the 1980s comedy classic “ National Lampoon ’s Vacation , ” will kick off a national campaign aimed at showing the value and benefits of renting vacation homes as opposed to hotel rooms or condo apartments .
The first - time Super Bowl advertiser is hoping to reach the more than 100 million people who watch the big game , many of whom tune in just to see the commercials , with the message that vacationers can rent a whole house for half the cost of a hotel room .
The biggest part of the deal is not the Super Bowl but licensing the movie and its characters from Warner Bros. , says Brian Sharples , HomeAway ’s chief executive .
“ There ’s a lot of nostalgia for bringing back the Griswolds . ”
In the film , Clark and Ellen Griswold take their children on an ill - fated cross-country road trip to the fictional theme park Wally World .
lsichelman@aol.com
Distributed by United Feature Syndicate .
The Obama administration has asked an appeals court to dismiss a lawsuit accusing former Bush administration attorney John
Yoo of authorizing the torture of a terrorism suspect , saying federal law does not allow damage claims against lawyers who advise the president on national security issues .
Such lawsuits ask courts to second - guess presidential decisions and pose " the risk of deterring full and frank advice regarding the military 's detention and treatment of those determined to be enemies during an armed conflict , " Justice Department lawyers said Thursday in arguments to the Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco .
Other sanctions are available for government lawyers who commit misconduct , the department said .
It noted that its Office of Professional Responsibility has been investigating Yoo 's advice to former President George W. Bush since 2004 and has the power to recommend professional discipline or even criminal prosecution .
The office has not made its conclusions public .
However , The Chronicle and other media reported in May that the office will recommend that Yoo be referred to the bar association for possible discipline , but that he not be prosecuted .
Yoo , a UC Berkeley law professor , worked for the Justice Department from 2001 to 2003 .
He was the author of a 2002 memo that said rough treatment of captives amounts to torture only if it causes the same level of pain as " organ failure , impairment of bodily function or even death . "
The memo also said the president may have the power to authorize torture of enemy combatants .
In the current lawsuit , Jose Padilla , now serving a 17 - year sentence for conspiring to aid Islamic extremist groups , accuses
Yoo of devising legal theories that justified what he claims was his illegal detention and abusive interrogation .
The Justice Department represented Yoo until June , when a federal judge in San Francisco ruled that the suit could proceed .
The department then bowed out , citing unspecified conflicts , and was replaced by a government - paid private lawyer .
Yoo 's new attorney , Miguel Estrada , argued for dismissal in a filing last month , saying the case interfered with presidential war - making authority and threatened to " open the floodgates to politically motivated lawsuits " against government officials .
The Justice Department 's filing Thursday endorsed the request for dismissal but offered narrower arguments , noting its continuing investigation of Yoo .
Padilla , a U.S. citizen , was arrested in Chicago in 2002 and accused of plotting with al Qaeda to detonate a radioactive " dirty bomb . "
He was held for three years and eight months in a Navy brig , where , according to his suit , he was subjected to sleep deprivation , sensory deprivation and stress positions , kept for lengthy periods in darkness and blinding light , and threatened with death to himself and his family .
He was then removed from the brig , charged with and convicted of taking part in an unrelated conspiracy to provide money and supplies to extremist groups .
Padilla 's suit says
Yoo approved his detention in the brig and provided the legal cover for his allegedly abusive treatment .
U.S. District Judge Jeffrey
White refused to dismiss the case in June .
The Justice Department 's filing Thursday said Padilla is asking the courts to determine the legality of Yoo 's advice , Bush 's decision to detain Padilla , the conditions of his confinement and the methods of his interrogation - all " matters of war and national security " that are beyond judicial authority .
Is the diminutive Tata Nano Hybrid coming to America ?
According to a report in The Maeil Business Newspaper out of Korea , Ratan Tata , chairman of Tata Motors , says the Indian automaker could sell the gas - sipping four - seater in more established markets like those of the U.S. and Europe .
Tata was tight lipped about the development of the Nano hybrid , but we reported in January that it will likely be equipped with a " stop - start " system supplied by Bosch .
This technology will disengage the engine when the Nano is stopped , resulting in a 5 % increase in fuel economy .
The Nano is already the cheapest car money can buy , with a base price just south of $ 2,500 .
The hybrid variant is expected to be a few hundred dollars more expensive - which is to say that it will easily be the most affordable hybrid available .
The European version is expected to hit the market in a couple years , but there 's no word on when the Nano might make it stateside .
One wonders how successful the Nano would be in the States , where small cars only seem prevalent when gas prices soar .
Source : Left Lane News
Obama " Ecstasy " Pills Contain Zero Ecstasy
National media are flapping their wings and crowing about " ecstasy " pills that are shaped like the president 's big ol ' head .
And when cops , who discovered the Obama heads in Texas , tell reporters what to write , the drug war scribes in MSM newsrooms diligently report it to the masses .
Here 's the Associated Press :
AP
Police spokesman Lenny Sanchez says the drugs look like a " vitamin for kids . "
But the media appears to have this story wrong .
The pills are n't ecstasy .
Ecstasydata.org , which tests the composition of pills passed off as ecstasy around the country , has listed the ingredients of pills submitted earlier this year matching the description and appearance of those Obama tablets .
" Analysis of the tablets by GC / MS revealed that the tablets contained BZP , TFMPP , and caffeine , " Ecstasydata.org reports .
The site has info on three different colors of the same shaped pill — red , orange , and green — and none contain ecstasy , but all contain those three other drugs .
The lab tests on the Obama pills come from the DEA .
So what are those drugs ?
BZP is a stimulant that cast one user into a 12 - hour nightmare , and TFMPP is reported to have effects akin to acid .
A news report this morning begins with this headline : " Police warn of dangerous BZP passed as ecstasy . "
But the media are practically promoting the Obama pills — which contain BZP that " can prove deadly in certain circumstances " — as ecstasy .
( While it 's possible that cops in Texas did discover pills in Texas that contained ecstasy ( MDMA ) , it seems unlikely ; the pills online appear identical to the ones cops found and Ecstasydata.org has no record of any Obama pills that do contain ecstasy . )
The media 's laziness on reporting this story is potentially dangerous .
After reading these reports , which read like ads for Lucky Charms , people who want to do ecstasy could see these pills and buy them , having been told by the Associated Press that they are ecstasy .
But they may be getting a more dangerous , especially if users do n't know what they 're taking .
The press does nobody favors by talking about how cute drugs are ( particularly when there 's an unregulated market , which allows underground drug manufacturers to taint and market drugs any way they want ) .
This media blitz is practically an advertisement for ecstasy .
Look how fun !
" Ecstasy is known for a sense of elation , diminished feelings of fear and anxiety , and ability to induce a sense of intimacy with others , " reports CBS .
Look how pretty !
( See above . )
Look how funny !
" Perhaps a good Election Day strategy to get out the vote ? " says CBS .
Har !
Powerful drugs are hilarious , kids !
But it 's not really that hilarious to tell people something is ecstasy — or pot , or alcohol , or aspirin — and then slip 'em something else .
At Conger and Smith we provide expert legal services to clients based throughout the State of Georgia .
Each of our named partners has extensive experience in their various areas of practice and we are focused on resolving our client ’s legal issues with efficiency and precision .
WASHINGTON -- Militants in Iraq have used $ 26 off - the - shelf software to intercept live video feeds from U.S. Predator drones , potentially providing them with information they need to evade or monitor U.S. military operations .
Senior defense and intelligence officials said Iranian - backed insurgents intercepted the video feeds by taking advantage of an unprotected communications link in some of the remotely flown planes ' systems .
Shiite fighters in Iraq used software programs such as SkyGrabber -- available for as little as ...
When 2001 : A space Odyssey first shocked , amazed , and delighted millions in the 1960s , the novel was quickly recognized as a classic .
Since then , its fame has grown steadily among the multitudes who have read the novel or seen the film based on it .
Yet , along with almost universal acclaim , a host of questions have grown more insistent through the years :
) Who or what transformed Dave Bowman into the Star Child ?
What purpose lay behind the transformation ?
What would become of the Star Child ?
) What alien purpose lay behind the monoliths on the Moon and out in space ?
) What could drive HAL ... a stable , intelligent computer , to kill the crew ?
Was HAL really insane ?
What happened to HAL and the spaceship Discovery after Dave Bowman disappeared ?
) Would there be a sequel ?
Now all those questions and many more have been answered .
IN this stunning sequel to his international bestseller Clarke has written what will truly be one of the great books of the ' 80s .
Cosmic in sweep , eloquent in its depiction of Man 's place in the Universe , and filled with the romance of space , this novel is a monumental achievement .
David Obey on CNN's State of the Union takes the President to task for the proposed troop surge in Afghanistan and defends his case for a war tax .
I agree with Rep .
Obey that if we 're going to make our members of Congress defend spending on things like health care and stimulus , then they should also be saying how we 're going to be paying for these military engagements .
Personally I think we should be getting out of Afghanistan rather than looking at how to pay for it , but if we are going to stay there , the cost should not be allowed to be added to our debt .
Of course the right wingers are all going nuts that anyone dare request we pay for invading other countries while demanding that our Congress members explain how they 're going to pay for things that help our citizens dig out of this recession .
I have to look at the entire federal budget , as chairman of the committee , for instance .
I have to see what $ 400 billion or $ 500 billion , $ 600 billion , $ 700 billion , over a decade , for this effort , will cost us on education , on our efforts to build the entire economy .
And -- and when you look at it that way , I come to a different conclusion than he does .
OBEY : Well , the Pentagon has only one job , and that 's to talk about this war and this war only .
But he has , and I have jobs that require us to look at everything else that 's tied into it .
OBEY : Well , the president sits in a different position .
I mean , he has inherited an absolute mess .
No matter what he does , it 's a -- it 's a no-winner .
And I -- you know , I have a great deal of respect for the way he 's gone about this process .
But the Pentagon ...
KING : If you can see it so clearly , why can't the president of the United States , if you 're right ?
OBEY : The problem is that you can have the best policy in the world , but if you do n't have the tools to implement it , it is n't worth a beanbag .
And I do n't think we have the tools in the Pakistani government and I do n't think we have the tools in the Afghan government .
And until we do , I think much of what we do is a fool 's errand .
I want to get , in a moment , to your proposal to how to pay for this , if the president goes forward with this .
But just on the merits , 30,000 - plus more troops to Afghanistan : a good idea or a bad idea ?
KING : And if he goes forward , and even if we stayed at the current level , you believe the American people need greater transparency , greater clarity about how much this is costing .
So you 've proposed something , along with several of your colleagues , the Share the Sacrifice act of 2010 .
I want to show some of the details of it .
Couples earning up to $ 150,000 would see a 1 percent tax increase .
Your proposal would exempt service men and women and their families who served in Iraq and Afghanistan since 2001 , and it would exempt families who have lost an immediate relative in the war .
So if you make 150 grand or more , you would pay 1 percent , and then you would escalate up .
If you made 250 grand , you 'd pay more , and so on up the scale , correct ?
OBEY : Yes .
And my point and our point is simply that , in this war , we have not had any sense of shared sacrifice .
The only people being asked to sacrifice are military families .
They 've had to go to the well again and again and again .
And yet everybody else in society -- you know , they 're essentially told to go shopping by the previous president .
I just think that , if this war is important enough to engage in the long term , it 's important enough to pay for .
We 're told by people like General Petraeus that we need to be prepared to commit eight to 10 years .
First of all , I do n't think that 's sustainable , but if you 're going to do that , at least you ought to pay for it so it does n't destroy every other effort that we need to make to rebuild our own economy .
KING : The chairman of the House Appropriations Committee can do a lot , but to pass that proposal , you need the support of the speaker .
What does she say ?
OBEY : I have no idea where anyone in the leadership will stand , except John Larson , who is a co-sponsor of this proposal .
So is Jack Murtha , the Chairman of the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee .
So are a number of other people -- Chairman Frank from the banking committee .
And my impression is that Charlie Rangel , the -- or the Ways and Means Committee chair is also interested in the idea .
KING : Has anyone in the leadership or anyone at the White House asked you , " Mr. Chairman , we understand your point , but we do n't want to be talking about taxes heading into the midterm election campaign , where we 're already talking about taxes in the health care debate ? "
OBEY : No , I think people understand where we 're coming from .
And I think people understand that we 're doing this because we believe it 's the right thing to do on the merits .
I 'm -- I 'm very dubious about this whole effort in Afghanistan and Pakistan , but if we 're going to do it , we should n't do it in a way which will destroy every other initiative that we have to rebuild our own economy .
KING : There was talk during the final years of the Bush administration , when Democrats came back into power , of trying to block him .
Will you go so far with a Democratic president or are you more deferential because , of a Democrat in the White House , where you can say , " I oppose it ; I think it 's a bad idea ; I think we should do this to pay for it , " but would you try to get in front of the train ?
OBEY : I owe it to any president to listen to what he has to say before I say what I 'm going to do .
The important thing is not what Dave Obey is going to do .
The important thing is what the country is going to do , long term .
KING : I 'm going to get up and go over to the map because I want to try to connect the dots , as you connect them , to talk to the American people .
This is a map , of course , of the Middle East region .
And I 'm going to pull out Afghanistan because I just want to highlight this point .
We 've discussed this a little bit and you know these numbers very well .
Over $ 223 billion have been allocated to Afghanistan since the beginning of the war back in 2001 ; $ 38 billion in U.S. aid for reconstruction ; at the moment , 68,000 troops in Afghanistan , and the president , of course , prepared to go higher than that .
Now , I want to bring the debate back home by bringing us back around this way , and I want to show you these states here .
Here 's the United States here .
Let 's zone in on unemployment .
With these colors here , you see the states in red , 23 of them , unemployment went up last month .
The states in green , the unemployment rate dropped a little bit last month .
But you see all that red , double - digit unemployment across the country .
Mr. Chairman , the president will have a job summit on Thursday at the White House .
If he could do one thing -- if you could ask him to do one thing to create jobs in those states that are red and in the rest of the United States , what would it be ?
OBEY : I think the most important thing is to help state and local governments .
We 've been trying to fill over a $ 2 trillion hole in the economy with the budget stimulation package because of the collapse of the private economy in the previous administration .
We were be able to fill about 40 percent of the hole in those state budgets , but in the next year , our capacity is going to drop to fill only about 20 percent of that hole .
That would mean that states would be raising taxes and cutting services at the very time we 're trying to expand the economy .
That 's counterproductive .
So I think that really is what has to be done .
KING : Are you worried about the political price of more deficit spending to do that ?
The American people , increasingly , if you look at polls , are getting nervous about all the deficit spending .
OBEY : We 'll do what we think is right and worry about the polls later .
But I want to make one other point .
We 've been told for a year that we need to pay for every dollar that it 's going to cost us to reform our health care system .
That 's about $ 900 billion over 10 years .
OBEY : If we wind up being committed in Afghanistan for eight to 10 years , that 's also going to approach $ 800 billion to $ 900 billion .
And if we 're going to do that , it seems to me that if we 're being told we have to pay for health care , we certainly ought to pay for this effort as well .
KING : The chairman of the House Appropriations Committee , Congressman David Obey , sir , we hope you 'll come back as this debate continues in the weeks and months ahead .
Researchers Create Gold Aluminum , Black Platinum , Blue Silver
Optical Scientists Say Transformation of Any Metal to Any Color Now Possible
Using a tabletop laser , University of Rochester optical scientists have turned pure aluminum , gold .
And blue .
And gray .
And many other colors .
And it works for every metal tested , including platinum , titanium , tungsten , silver , and gold .
Chunlei Guo , the researcher who a year ago used intense laser light to alter the properties of a variety of metals to render them pitch black , has pushed the same process further in a paper in today 's Applied Physics Letters .
He now believes it 's possible to alter the properties of any metal to turn it any color�even multi-colored iridescence like a butterfly 's wings .
Since the process changes the intrinsic surface properties of the metal itself and is not just a coating , the color wo n't fade or peel , says Guo , associate professor of optics at the Institute of Optics at the University of Rochester .
He suggests the possibilities are endless �a cycle factory using a single laser to produce bicycles of different colors ; etching a full - color photograph of a family into the refrigerator door ; or proposing with a gold engagement ring that matches your fianc�e 's blue eyes .
" Since the discovery of the black metal we 've been determined to get full control on getting metals to reflect only a certain color and absorb the rest , and now we finally can make a metal reflect almost any color we wish , " says Guo .
" When we first found the process that produced a gold color , we could n't believe it .
We worked in the lab until midnight trying to figure out what other colors we could make . "
Guo and his assistant , Anatoliy Vorobeyv , use an incredibly brief but incredibly intense laser burst that changes the surface of a metal , forming nanoscale and microscale structures that selectively reflect a certain color to give the appearance of a specific color or combinations of colors .
The metal - coloring research follows up on Guo's breakthrough " black metal " discovery in late 2006 , when his research team was able to create nanostructures on metal surfaces that absorbed virtually all light , making something as simple as regular aluminum into one of the darkest materials ever created .
Guo 's black metal , with its very high absorption properties , is ideal for any application where capturing light is desirable .
The potential applications range from making better solar energy collectors , to more advanced stealth technology , he says .
The ultra - brief / ultra - intense light Guo uses is produced by a femtosecond laser , which produces pulses lasting only a few quadrillionths of a second .
A femtosecond is to a second what a second is to about 32 million years .
During its brief burst , Guo 's laser unleashes as much power as the entire electric grid of North America does , all focused onto a spot the size of a needlepoint .
The intense blast forces the surface of the metal to form nanostructures �pits , globules , and strands that response incoming light in different ways depending on the way the laser pulse sculpted the structures .
Since the structures are smaller than the wavelength of light , the way they reflect light is highly dependent upon their specific size and shape , says Guo .
Varying the laser intensity , pulse length , and number of pulses , allows Guo to control the configuration of the nanostructures , and hence control what color the metal reflects .
Guo and Vorobyev also achieve the iridescent coloring by creating microscale lines covered with nanostructures .
The lines , arranged in regular rows , cause reflected light of different wavelengths to interfere differently in different directions .
The result is a piece of metal that can appear solid purple from one direction , and gray from another , or multiple colors all at once .
To alter an area of metal the size of a dime currently takes 30 minutes or more , but the researchers are working on refining the technique .
Fortunately , despite the incredible intensity involved , the femtosecond laser can be powered by a simple wall outlet , meaning that when the process is refined , implementing it should be relatively simple .
The new process has worked on every metal Guo has tried , and the results are so consistent that he believes it will work for every metal known .
His team is currently working to find the right tuning to create the rest of the rainbow for the solid - colored metal , including red and green .
" The owner of the house had left the computer on and when the Facebook site flashed up on the screen we had the name of the burglar and we simply went to his house and arrested him , as well as recovering the goods .
The Bad Economy is an Excuse for Layoffs , But They Should Have Happened Earlier
I ’ll let you in on a secret :
Most companies have used the bad economy as an excuse for laying off people who the company wanted to get rid of anyway .
Now I ’m not saying that these companies have n’t had financial issues — most companies have experienced a loss of revenue as a result of a decrease in consumer spending .
But the truth is that businesses have made enormous productivity gains over the last ten years .
Technology — and particularly information technology — has allowed most businesses to do more with less .
The number of employees required to run the business and handle day - to - day operations has declined for most businesses .
But even though fewer people are needed , most businesses had n’t taken steps to reduce their labor force until the recession gave them an excuse .
There are a lot of reasons that companies were holding on to unnecessary employees :
It ’s nice to have extra employees around if you anticipate growth .
Many managers see the number of employees reporting to them as an ego thing .
The more employees you have , the more important your job .
The more employees you have , the more important your job .
It ’s nice to have labor in reserve to get you through peaks in demand and temporary shortages — sick leave , maternity leave , vacation , holidays .
The annual budgeting process ensures that if you cut your budget , then you ’ll have a hard time increasing it back again later .
Cutting an employee is cutting your budget .
HR rules make it tough to fire an employee even if the employee is n’t doing his / her job .
Some managers are kind - hearted , and do n’t want to cost people their jobs .
Put all these reasons / excuses together , and repeat this situation in department after department in company after company , and you can explain why technology productivity gains had n’t translated into a significant savings on the bottom line .
The productivity gains were there — there just was n’t enough motivation to actually realize them .
So along comes the recession .
Now all of a sudden everyone is in lifeboat mode — the ship is sinking and we have to throw all of the unnecessary stuff over the side .
Executive management says “ cut your budgets ” and all those managers who were squirreling away spare employees suddenly have to get rid of them .
The managers start with the slackers of course — now you do n’t have to go through all that HR bureaucracy to get rid of a bad employee .
Then gradually the managers work their way up to the adequate employees who were actually superfluous to the day - to - day process .
In some cases the managers have to cut good employees who are contributing to actual productivity .
But let ’s face it : Productivity has risen to such a point that we can get by with a lot fewer employees that we had before .
And here ’s the important part of higher productivity : we do n’t ever need to hire them back !
The Jobs Are n’t Coming Back
That last statement is the key to understanding the slow economic recovery right now .
Most companies were operating with more employees than they actually needed .
And now that they ’ve become accustomed to getting along with a smaller number , it is n’t very likely that those jobs will come back .
Instead , we need to look in different directions for new jobs .
New jobs will come from new types of businesses , from growth of existing businesses into entirely new areas , and from an increasing number of freelance employees who will be working as supplemental employees .
So if you ’ve wondered why it is that the stock market is recovering but the job market is n’t , this is why .
Business profitability is up because the businesses are producing the same products and services with fewer people — they ’ve gotten rid of the jobs they did n’t need .
The old jobs are gone , and will never return .
And the job market will only recover when totally new jobs are created to satisfy totally new needs .
Happy New Year !
And welcome to the new economic reality .
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
Unfortunately the data for this index only goes back to 2002 .
Note :
Any reading below 100 shows contraction for this index .
The index is a year - over - year index , so the headline index might be slow to recognize a pickup in business , but the underlying details suggests ongoing weakness .
From the National Restaurant Association ( NRA ) : Restaurant Industry Outlook Remained Uncertain as the Restaurant Performance Index Declined for the Third Time in the Last Four Months
[ T ]he National Restaurant Association ’s ... Restaurant Performance Index ( RPI ) ... stood at 97.8 in November , down 0.2 percent from its October level .
In addition , the RPI remained below 100 for the 25th consecutive month , which signifies contraction in the index of key industry indicators .
“ Although the RPI remained below 100 for the 25th consecutive month , which signals contraction , restaurant operators are cautiously optimistic that conditions will improve in the months ahead , ” said Hudson Riehle , senior vice president of the Research and Knowledge Group for the Association .
“ Restaurant operators reported a positive six - month sales outlook for the first time in three months , and remained optimistic that the economy will improve during the next six months . ”
...
The Current Situation Index , which measures current trends in four industry indicators ( same - store sales , traffic , labor and capital expenditures ) , stood at 96.0 in November – down 0.5 percent from October and tied for its second - lowest level on record .
In addition , November represented the 27th consecutive month below 100 , which signifies contraction in the current situation indicators .
Restaurant operators reported negative same - store sales for the 18th consecutive month in November , with the overall results similar to the September and October performances .
...
Customer traffic also remained soft in November , as restaurant operators reported net negative traffic for the 27th consecutive month .
...
Along with soft sales and traffic levels , operators reported a dropoff in capital spending activity .
Thirty - three percent of operators said they made a capital expenditure for equipment , expansion or remodeling during the last three months , down from 40 percent who reported similarly last month .
emphasis added
( CNN ) -- John Hughes , the producer , writer and director whose 1980s films such as " Sixteen Candles , " " The Breakfast Club " and " Some Kind of Wonderful " offered a sharp - eyed look at teenagers and their social habits , has died , according to a statement from his representative .
He was 59 .
John Hughes was behind some of the most beloved films of the 1980s .
more photos »
Hughes died of a heart attack while taking a morning walk in Manhattan , according to the statement .
Hughes , who was also a prolific screenwriter and producer , was at his peak in the 1980s , when his films -- which starred young actors such as Molly Ringwald , Judd Nelson , Anthony Michael Hall and Jon Cryer -- dominated the box office and were hailed by critics for their thoughtful teen protagonists , rarely portrayed with such sympathy in comedies at the time .
Ringwald , in particular , became a star , thanks to her performances as the lead in " Sixteen Candles , " " Breakfast Club " and " Pretty in Pink . "
" I was stunned and incredibly sad to hear about the death of John Hughes , " Ringwald said .
" He was and will always be such an important part of my life .
He will be missed by me and by everyone that he has touched .
My heart and all my thoughts are with his family now . "
For a time during the decade , the writer and director was behind two or three films a year .
Among his other credits were " National Lampoon 's Vacation " ( 1983 ) , " Ferris Bueller 's Day Off " ( 1986 ) , the Thanksgiving classic " Planes , Trains and Automobiles " ( 1987 ) and " Home Alone " ( 1990 ) .
Appreciation : Mourning John Hughes
" He was such a great writer who created so many enduring characters for film , both as a director and a writer .
His real gift was in creating these identifiable characters , " actor , writer and comedian Steve Martin , who starred in " Planes " with John Candy , told CNN .
Do n't Miss Molly Ringwald on caring for twins
Molly Ringwald on caring for twins TIME.com : Top 10 John Hughes moments
Actress Ally Sheedy , one of the stars of " The Breakfast Club , " said " I loved John Hughes .
He was brilliant , he was lovely and he was kind .
John handed me the chance of a lifetime and changed my world forever .
What more can be said ?
I am eternally grateful to him and he is already terribly missed . "
" I am truly shocked and saddened by the news about my old friend John Hughes , " said actor Matthew Broderick , who starred in " Ferris Bueller 's Day Off , " in a statement .
" He was a wonderful , very talented guy and my heart goes out to his family . "
See a timeline of films Hughes directed »
John Hughes was born February 18 , 1950 , in Michigan .
He started his career as an advertising copywriter in Chicago -- the city was later the setting for many of his films -- and by the end of the 1970s was a frequent contributor to National Lampoon magazine .
Blog : Seeing Chicago's North Shore through Hughes ' eyes
His first screenwriting credit , according to the Internet Movie Database , was as a writer for the " Animal House " TV spinoff , " Delta House . "
But Hughes quickly moved over to the big screen , writing 1982's " National Lampoon 's Class Reunion , " followed the next year by " National Lampoon 's Vacation , " based on a story he had written for the magazine .
iReport : Which Hughes film was your favorite ?
Though critical reception to Hughes ' films could be mixed -- such works as " She 's Having a Baby " ( 1988 ) and " Curly Sue " ( 1991 ) were slammed by reviewers -- Hughes had a knack for classic movie lines and images .
Such scenes as Anthony Michael Hall holding Ringwald 's panties up high to the stunned appreciation of his friends in " Candles " ; Steve Martin 's harangue of a rent - a - car clerk in " Planes " ; and Ben Stein 's economics teacher asking , monotonously , " Bueller ? ... Bueller ? " in " Ferris Bueller 's Day Off " have become pop culture touchstones .
Where are Hughes ' teens now ? »
Film critic Roger Ebert praised Hughes ' empathy in a " Great Movies " appreciation of " Planes , Trains and Automobiles . "
" What can be said for [ Hughes ] is that he usually produces a real story about people he has clear ideas about , " Ebert wrote , observing that " Planes " " is the only movie our family watches as a custom , most every Thanksgiving . "
" The script for ' Planes , Trains , and Automobiles ' was the best script I had ever read , " Martin told CNN .
" I asked John how long it took to write it , he said , ' I wrote it over the weekend . '
The weekend .
That shows you what he was able to do . "
In recent years , Hughes had stepped back from the movie business to spend more time with his family , as well as " maintain a functioning farm in northern Illinois and support independent arts , " the statement said .
Hughes is survived by his wife of 39 years , Nancy ; two sons and four grandchildren .
What began as an apparent simple disagreement between the camps of Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather Jr. over how to handle drug testing for their megafight -- tentatively scheduled for March 13 at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas -- has spiraled so out of control that the potential biggest money fight in boxing history was in serious jeopardy on Christmas Day .
Pacquiao , angered by accusations from the Mayweather camp that he uses performance - enhancing drugs , said he would file a defamation lawsuit against Mayweather and Golden Boy Promotions .
" Enough is enough .
These people , Mayweather Sr. , [ Mayweather ] Jr. and Golden Boy Promotions , think it is a joke and a right to accuse someone wrongly of using steroids or other performance - enhancing drugs , " said Pacquiao , who denied that he has ever used any banned substance and who has passed all of his drug tests .
" I have tried to just brush it off as a mere prefight ploy , but I think they have gone overboard . "
Floyd Mayweather Sr. , the fighter 's father , has repeatedly accused Pacquiao of taking illegal substances and points to his rising through weight divisions to win titles in a record seven divisions while maintaining his speed and power .
" I have instructed my promoter , Bob Arum , head of Top Rank Inc. , to help me out in the filing of the case as soon as possible because I have had people coming over to me now asking if I really take performance - enhancing drugs and [ if ]
I have cheated my way into becoming the No. 1 boxer in the world , " Pacquiao said .
" I maintain and assure everyone that I have not used any form or kind of steroids and that my way to the top is a result of hard work , hard work , hard work and a lot of blood spilled from my past battles in the ring , not outside of it .
I have no idea what steroids look like , and my fear in God has kept me safe and victorious through all these years . "
Arum was making plans for an alternative bout for Pacquiao to defend his welterweight title on March 13 against former junior welterweight titlist Paulie Malignaggi , in the event the fight with Mayweather can't be finalized .
" I reached out to Lou DiBella [ Malignaggi 's promoter ] , and we 're going to schedule that fight for March 13 unless something drastically changes with this Mayweather thing , " Arum told ESPN.com on Friday , just before leaving for a working vacation in Cabo San Lucas , Mexico .
" I 'm not going to leave Manny without a fight because of this nonsense [ with Mayweather ] . "
Ironically , Malignaggi also has repeatedly accused Pacquiao of using PEDs .
A plan proposed by HBO to have Sen .
John McCain , a serious boxing fan , mediate the drug - testing dispute was originally embraced by the camps but was later shot down by Pacquiao .
Arum then suggested that the Nevada State Athletic Commission oversee the testing .
" Manny is pissed off , but I think I can bring him back into the fight by having Nevada do it , " Arum said .
" He 's fought in Las Vegas many times and is comfortable with the people on the commission . "
Mayweather is demanding Olympic - style testing conducted by the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency , whose inflexible protocol calls for random urine and blood testing throughout training camps , fight week and even the day of the fight , with the ability to test any time , day or night .
Both fighters would be subject to the same kind of testing .
The Pacquiao camp originally suggested using the more flexible agencies that oversee testing for American professional sports leagues before Arum said testing should be overseen by the Nevada commission .
Even as the science of global warming gets stronger , fewer Americans believe it 's real .
In some ways , it 's nearly as jarring a disconnect as enduring disbelief in evolution or carbon dating .
And according to Kari Marie Norgaard , a Whitman College sociologist who 's studied public attitudes towards climate science , we 're in denial .
" Our response to disturbing information is very complex .
We negotiate it .
We do n't just take it in and respond in a rational way , " said Norgaard .
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change declared in 2007 that greenhouse gases had reached levels not seen in 650,000 years , and were rising rapidly as a result of people burning fossil fuel .
Because these gases trap the sun 's heat , they would — depending on human energy habits — heat Earth by an average of between 1.5 and 7.2 degrees Fahrenheit by century 's end .
Even a midrange rise would likely disrupt the planet 's climate , producing droughts and floods , acidified oceans , altered ecosystems and coastal cities drowned by rising seas .
" If there 's no action before 2012 , that 's too late .
What we do in the next two to three years will determine our future , " said Rajendra Pachauri , the IPCC chairman , when the report was released .
" This is the defining moment . "
Studies published since then have only strengthened the IPCC 's predictions , or suggested they underestimate future warming .
But as world leaders gather in Copenhagen to discuss how to avoid catastrophic climate change , barely half the U.S. public thinks carbon pollution could warm Earth .
That 's 20 percent less than in 2007 , and lower than at any point in the last 12 years .
In a Pew Research Center poll , Americans ranked climate dead last out of 20 top issues , behind immigration and trade policy .
Wired.com talked to Norgaard about the divide between science and public opinion .
__Wired.com : __Why do n't people seem to care ?
__Kari Norgaard : __On the one hand , there have been extremely well - organized , well - funded climate - skeptic campaigns .
Those are backed by Exxon Mobil in particular , and the same PR firms who helped the tobacco industry ( . pdf ) deny the link between cancer and smoking are involved with magnifying doubt around climate change .
That 's extremely important , but my work has been in a different area .
It 's been about people who believe in science , who are n't out to question whether science has a place in society .
__Wired.com : __People who are coming at the issue in good faith , you mean .
What 's their response ?
__Norgaard : __Climate change is disturbing .
It 's something we do n't want to think about .
So what we do in our everyday lives is create a world where it's not there , and keep it distant .
For relatively privileged people like myself , we do n't have to see the impact in everyday life .
I can read about different flood regimes in Bangladesh , or people in the Maldives losing their islands to sea level rise , or highways in Alaska that are altered as permafrost changes .
But that 's not my life .
We have a vast capacity for this .
__Wired.com : __How is this bubble maintained ?
__Norgaard : __In order to have a positive sense of self - identity and get through the day , we 're constantly being selective of what we think about and pay attention to .
To create a sense of a good , safe world for ourselves , we screen out all kinds of information , from where food comes from to how our clothes our made .
When we talk with our friends , we talk about something pleasant .
__Wired.com : __How does this translate into skepticism about climate change ?
__Norgaard : __It 's a paradox .
Awareness has increased .
There 's been a lot more information available .
This is much more in our face .
And this is where the psychological defense mechanisms are relevant , especially when coupled with the fact that other people , as we 've lately seen with the e-mail attacks , are systematically trying to create the sense that there 's doubt .
If I do n't want to believe that climate change is true , that my lifestyle and high carbon emissions are causing devastation , then it 's convenient to say that it does n't .
__Wired.com : __Is that what this comes down to — not wanting to confront our own roles ?
__Norgaard : __I think so .
And the reason is that we do n't have a clear sense of what we can do .
Any community organizer knows that if you want people to respond to something , you need to tell them what to do , and make it seem do - able .
Stanford University psychologist Jon Krosnick has studied this , and showed that people stop paying attention to climate change when they realize there 's no easy solution .
People judge as serious only those problems for which actions can be taken .
Another factor is that we no longer have a sense of permanence .
Another psychologist , Robert Lifton , wrote about what the existence of atomic bombs did to our psyche .
There was a sense that the world could end at any moment .
Global warming is the same in that it threatens the survival of our species .
Psychologists tell us that it 's very important to have a sense of the continuity of life .
That 's why we invest in big monuments and want our work to stand after we die and have our family name go on .
That sense of continuity is being ruptured .
But climate change has an added aspect that is very important .
The scientists who built nuclear bombs felt guilt about what they did .
Now the guilt is real for the broader public .
__Wired.com : __So we do n't want to believe climate change is happening , feel guilty that it is , and do n't know what to do about it ?
So we pretend it 's not a problem ?
__Norgaard : __Yes , but I do n't want to make it seem crass .
Sometimes people who are very empathetic are less likely to help in certain situations , because they 're so disturbed by it .
The human capacity of empathy is really profound , and that 's part of our weakness .
If we were more callous , then we 'd approach it in a more straightforward way .
It may be a weakness of our capacity as sentient beings to cope with this problem .
Image : Greenpeace / Flickr
" Cognitive and Behavioral Challenges in Responding to Climate Change , " Norgaard 's World Bank white paper .
See Also :
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecosystem and planetary tipping points .
Court on the spot after Washington State killings
In the wake of the horrible massacre of four Tacoma , Wash . - area police officers , there 's been a lot of talk about the fallout for former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , a Republican .
While in office , Huckabee commuted the lengthy prison sentence of the main suspect , Maurice Clemmons , with the result that he got out of prison in 2000 after about 11 years .
Huckabee , who might repeat his 2008 run for president in 2012 , has faced criticism of his liberal use of the pardon power already ; now he ’ll face more .
But the case really puts the U.S. Supreme Court on the spot .
Here ’s why :
The court is currently trying to decide whether it is unconstitutional to sentence anyone under the age of 18 to life in prison without parole for a non-homicide crime .
The basic issue is whether the constitution allows states the power to conclude that some teenagers are so irredeemable and violence - prone that they may be locked up forever -- or whether youths are so inherently less culpable , and their personalities are still so malleable that it constitutes " cruel and unusual punishment " to deprive them of all hope of release .
Maurice Clemmons was never sentenced to life without parole , but he was given a total of 108 years behind bars for a string of armed robberies , burglaries and other offenses he took part in as a 17 - year - old .
Citing his tender age at the time of the crimes , Huckabee commuted Clemmons ' sentence to 47 years , which made him eligible for immediate parole .
It 's not strictly true that Huckabee 's action put Clemmons directly on the path to his alleged crimes in the state of Washington .
Clemmons committed another armed robbery in 2001 , a year after his release , and went back to prison , but he served just three years of a ten - year sentence before being granted parole again -- amazingly , considering his record .
A few days before allegedly gunning down the cops , he made $ 15,000 bail in Washington on a child rape charge .
Still , Huckabee 's charitable intuition toward Clemmons seems stunningly misplaced in hindsight .
Yet this is essentially the same intuition that lawyers for Florida inmate Terrance Graham are asking the court to follow .
Graham was sentenced to life without parole at 17 for an armed home invasion .
He got the sentence partly because he had returned to crime after receiving a lenient punishment for an earlier attempted robbery .
( In a companion case , another Florida inmate , sentenced to life without parole at 13 for raping a 72 - year - old woman , asks the court to set the bar at age 14 . )
At oral argument , Justice Samuel A. Alito asked Graham ’s counsel :
You can imagine someone who is a month short of his 18th birthday , and you are saying that , no matter what this person does , commits the most horrible series of non-homicide offenses that you can imagine , a whole series of brutal rapes , assaults that renders the victim paraplegic but not dead , no matter what , the person is sentenced shows no remorse whatsoever , the worst case you can possibly imagine , cannot -- that person must at some point be made eligible for parole .
That 's your argument ?
To which the reply was :
Your Honor , that 's correct .
A life -- yes .
A life with parole sentence would be constitutional , and that may mean that person you describe still spends his entire life in prison , but life with parole gives some hope to the adolescent who has an inherent capacity to change .
It gives him some hope that later in time he may be released .
Clemmons ' history seems instead to reinforce the intuition of Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. , who suggested at oral argument that the constitution and the court 's precedents merely require a more flexible standard : that a defendant 's youth be taken into account at sentencing on a case by case basis .
As we all know , the court never considers anything except the constitution , the law and the arguments of counsel .
Such matters as how the public might react if the justices were seen to take the side of a teenage career criminal , just after a former teenage criminal got back on the street and allegedly slaughtered four police officers in cold blood , do not enter into their decisions .
Still , I ca n’t help thinking that , after the murder of the four cops , the chances that Terrance Graham is going to win his case just got a little bit slimmer .
When you start your own organization , you will have to face a lot of troubles initially .
In order to establish the name of your organization in the market , you need to make your moves wisely .
However good your services and products are , you will be able to generate revenues only when the name of your organization is popularized .
Marketing is an unavoidable factor that you need to focus on in order to be successful .
Technology has advanced a lot these days and hence online marketing is one of the most effective methods to do the job .
Get in touch with us to generate SEO Leads to improve your revenues .
If your website is up and running , you can easily generate money with the help of effective search engine optimization methods .
Your company website is the most important tool that helps to enhance your business in today ’s internet savvy world .
If you have not thought about a website yet , better act quickly and make a positive decision .
We can help you with that too .
We can provide you with the best web designing leads .
Being a major web designing leads company in the world today we provide top notch services at affordable prices .
All your marketing requirements are taken care of once you sign up with us .
You will be provided with b2b leads if you require the services .
This is one of the most important requirements when you run an organization .
Business to business transactions are the most complex factor in any business as it requires the involvement of a lot of people .
The final decision is usually taken after considering the inputs from a lot of members .
Hence getting the best leads will always be a huge positive for your firm .
Get in touch with us and we will make your job easy .
Exclusive Seo Leads
There is great hype today in the world of mobile technology .
People use their mobile phones to perform a lot of work .
Our iphone application leads services are aimed at those who need support in this .
You might now understand that we are providing services in almost all the fields where you require help .
We are specialized in helping the organizations to buy SEO leads and we are equally good in providing all the other support that is usually required in marketing .
We can even help you to find a good seo leads company if you are looking for opportunities to showcase your skills as an SEO provider .
SEO leads for sale will be notified by us using your preferred mode of communication .
You can enter your mobile number and email addresses when you sign up with us and buy the service as per your requirements .
We will take care of the rest from then on and can provide you with even loans leads .
The factor that makes us stand out from our competitors is that we provide you with phone verified leads .
This will help you to avoid duplicate leads and make your moves quick .
Your success rate will be enhanced when you start working with is .
We strive hard for your success in all possible ways , always .
The images are incongruous and unconvincing : a young man with heavy stubble looks shame - faced while forced to pose wearing Islamic chador and maghnaeh , the female headscarf .
The images were published by Iran 's state - run media in an attempt to humiliate one of the theocratic regime 's harshest critics , Majid Tavakoli , a student activist arrested last Monday in the latest demonstrations against the disputed re-election of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
Now the pictures have provoked an angry backlash from Ahmadinejad 's opponents who claim they display his government 's vindictiveness and contempt for women .
The semi-official Fars news agency reported that Tavakoli was arrested while trying to escape dressed as a woman after giving a speech at Tehran 's Amir Kabir University .
It posted his photo beside an image of the former Iranian president , Abolhassan Bani-Sadr , who reportedly fled the country in female disguise after falling from official favour in 1981 .
But far from discrediting Tavakoli , the move appears to have backfired by boosting his standing in the opposition movement .
A campaign on Facebook has seen more than 80 men expressing solidarity by posting pictures of themselves wearing hijabs and chadors .
Similar displays of support have surfaced on Twitter .
But the most daring mockery of the regime has appeared on a spoof website , gordab.com , which depicts faked images of Iran 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , wearing female dress .
Tavakoli was arrested after travelling to Tehran from Bandar Abbas to attend last Monday 's student - day demonstrations , which were marked by clashes between activists and security forces .
He has spent two previous spells in jail and was among a group of students arrested and allegedly tortured in 2007 following a demonstration that disrupted a visit by Ahmadinejad to Amir Kabir University the previous year .
Human rights groups say he was beaten and tortured after his latest arrest .
In February , Texas Republican and Libertarian darling Ron Paul introduced a bill directing the U.S. comptroller general to audit the Federal Reserve 's books .
Paul , who ran for president last year , wants the Fed to open the door on all of its secret transactions -- the talks with foreign banks , the deliberations on monetary policy , the activities of the Open Market Committee , and the communications with the regional reserve banks .
In the shadows of Wall Street 's collapse last year , he has attracted more 300 co-sponsors , including 130 Democrats .
But this week , he charged , the provision was gutted from the landmark financial reform legislation being marked up by Barney Frank 's Financial Services Committee .
Paul blamed the chair of the subcommittee on monetary policy , North Carolina Democrat Mel Watt , whose Charlotte district is home to the headquarters of Bank of America , the nation 's largest commercial bank .
Arguing that the Fed is hiding the extent of U.S. dependence on printing new money , Paul -- who is hoping to get the provision restored in the bill before it gets to the House floor -- told MSNBC today that the big spending masks a serious crisis in the value of the dollar .
Critics worry that robbing the Fed of its ability to deliberate in private will result in a weakened central financial structure -- and put Congress in charge of managing the nation 's money supply .
But Paul , a physician , argues that a doctor would never hide from a cancer patient the extent of his illness , and that hiding the Fed 's books amounts to kidding ourselves about the impact of its policies .
" We 're still kidding ourselves , " he said .
" You have to bite the bullet , you have to admit the truth ....
It 's sort of like trying to get somebody off drugs ....
Keeping them on the drug -- which is easy money , easy spending and huge deficits and all that -- that will kill the patient , and the patient for me is the dollar ....
And when you see gold up at $ 1,100 at ounce , that 's a little bit of a warning signal . "
-- Johanna Neuman
Photo credit : Bleier / Getty Images
If you click here , you 'll get Twitter alerts of each new Ticket item .
Or follow us @latimestot .
And we 're also over here on Facebook .
A 26 - year - old San Clemente man killed a dog today , the Orange County Sheriff ’s Department said , then ran naked through a tennis club where he poured hot water on himself .
Deputies responded around 6:15 a.m. to several reports of a woman screaming at the intersection of Calle Del Cerro and Calle Venezia , where a man had grabbed a woman ’s mini schnauzer and beat , choked and slammed the dog into the sidewalk , said Sheriff 's Sgt. Dan Walsh .
Minutes later , deputies received a separate call that a man was running naked at the Rancho San Clemente Tennis Club at 111 Avenida Vista Montana .
Arriving deputies found the man lying on ground and took him into custody , Walsh said .
The man , identified by sheriff 's officials as Bayron Reyes Lopez , was taken to a hospital .
The owner of the miniature schnauzer later identified Lopez as her attacker , Walsh said .
After being treated , Lopez was taken to county jail in Santa Ana and booked on suspicion of animal cruelty and other charges .
-- Ruben Vives
There was no need to panic , insisted the minister .
The Indian government was closely monitoring the fall - out from the crisis in Dubai but was not expecting a flood of migrant workers returning home .
The current problems would likely soon blow over .
But Sajid and many of his colleagues from the north Indian city of Meerut would take issue with the comments of Vayalar Ravi , the minister of overseas Indian affairs .
Having returned from Dubai to India for the Muslim holiday of Eid , dozens of them have received text messages abruptly telling them their jobs no longer exist and that they should not return to the Gulf .
" It was early morning when I received a text from my office telling me I need not bother returning to Dubai , " said Sajid , who had been working making tiles .
" My contract has been discontinued and my work permit stands terminated .
[ My office ] said my dues will be sent through the post and my belongings will be duly returned . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
As news from Dubai continued to send stocks and spirits tumbling – yesterday it was revealed that Dubai World , the heavily indebted property arm that last week asked for extra time to pay back more than $ 60bn , was not guaranteed by the emirate 's government – the shock waves were also resonating through the communities responsible for providing Dubai and other cities in the Gulf with much of its low - cost labour .
There are millions of poor , impoverished labourers from South Asia in the Gulf region .
Indeed , the long - enjoyed boom that saw cities such as Dubai carve out a new niche for excess and opportunity was built on the backs of such migrant workers , who are often treated as little more than bonded labour .
Drawn from India , Pakistan and Bangladesh and often paying hundreds of dollars to a middle man to secure a job , these workers – on arrival in the Gulf – find conditions are often atrocious and that they have virtually no rights .
Many have complained of being prevented from leaving .
The upside of the hardship for the large numbers of South Asians who make their way to the Gulf – Indians are said to make up more than 40 per cent of the population of Dubai alone – is the amount of money that gets sent home in remittances .
Figures suggest that in 2007 , Indians living in the Gulf sent a total of $ 27bn to their families .
For some states , the money sent home is a considerable slice of the total economy .
In Kerala , for example , such remittances make up around 22 per cent of the state 's income .
Speaking from Thiruvananthapuram , the state 's finance minister , Thomas Isaac , said he believed that even if the Dubai crisis did not rock India in its entirety it would affect Kerala " very much " .
" Half of the workforce in the United Arab Emirates are Malayalis [ people from Kerala ] and it seems certain that the construction activity in Dubai is going to take a hit , " he said .
" The impact is that the Dubai real estate market will decelerate . "
Mr Ravi , the central government minister , did not agree .
Having spoken with Indian consulates in the Gulf , he said authorities believed that while the Dubai World crisis would have international implications , it would not lead to large job losses for migrant workers .
He said , however , that despite such an assessment , the government was planning to announce a comprehensive package to rehabilitate those Indian workers who do return from the Gulf .
" It will take some more time to operationalise the fund , " he added .
But for Sajid and his friends in Meerut , in the state of Uttar Pradesh , the harsh reality has already struck .
Another migrant labourer who had lost his job in Dubai , Noor Mohammed , wept as he told the Times of India : " We had wanted to save money to get our families to the UAE .
Our dreams lie shattered . "
Slaves and skyscrapers :
The workforce feeling the heat
* The UAE 's huge construction boom of recent years has been fuelled largely by south Asian migrant construction workers , who work in the grimmest of circumstances .
Human Rights
Watch estimated in 2006 that at least half a million migrants are paid a little over £ 100 a month for their work in a country where the average per capita monthly income is close to £ 1,300 .
There is no indication that their circumstances have improved since .
Migrants can end up working 12 hours a day or longer , six days a week , in fierce heat .
In 2005 , the Indian Consulate registered 971 deaths of its own nationals , at which point it was told to stop counting .
Suicide among the men is rife , with 100 or more of them dying by their own hands in 2007 .
Such conditions come as a grim surprise for newcomers lured by agencies with promises of lavish pay , only to find their passports confiscated , wages slashed and huge debts owed .
And they form a sharp contrast to the lives of the wealthy western ex-pats in finance , IT and tourism – 50,000 to 150,000 of them , on vast tax - free salaries .
Thomas Mendelsohn
The object has been compared to an Imperial Cruiser in the Star Wars films and witnesses estimated it could be up to a mile wide .
Fore tribe women in 1957 suffering from kuru .
The women are showing upper limb postures adopted to prevent postural tremors .
From Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society B ( Image : 2008 The Royal Society )
It ’s a snapshot of human evolution in progress .
A genetic mutation protecting against kuru – a brain disease passed on by eating human brains – only emerged and spread in the last 200 years .
When members of the Fore people in Papua New Guinea died , others would eat the dead person ’s brain during funeral rituals as a mark of respect .
Kuru passed on in this way killed at least 2500 Fore in the 20th century until the cause was identified in the late 1950s and the practice halted .
Identification of kuru and how it was spread helped researchers identify how BSE – mad cow disease – spread through the feeding of infected cattle brains to other animals , and how this eventually led to variant Creutzfeldt - Jakob disease ( vCJD ) , which has killed 166 people so far in the UK .
Advertisement
Simon Mead of the British prion research centre at University College London says the discovery of an “ anti- kuru ” gene is the most clear - cut evidence yet of human evolution in action .
“ I hope it will become a textbook example of how evolution happens , ” he says .
“ It ’s a striking and timely example , given the 150th anniversary of the publication of Darwin ’s Origin of Species , ” he says .
Good mutations
Mead and his colleagues discovered the mutation after comparing stored DNA from 152 dead Fore victims of the disease with DNA from more than 3000 living Fore , including almost 560 who participated in the ritual eating of brains before it was banned .
In 51 survivors and their descendants , they discovered a hitherto - unknown variant of PRNP , the gene which makes prions , the proteins that spread the disease .
These prions become malformed and in turn make all healthy prions they encounter malformed as well , in a chain reaction that ultimately destroys brains by turning them into a spongy mush .
The change in the gene comes at a position called codon 127 .
Throughout the animal kingdom , the codon contains the same amino acid , called glycine or “ G ” , from each parent , giving the form G127G .
To their astonishment , Mead and his colleagues found a variant of the codon never seen in nature before , in which one of the glycines has been swapped for a valine amino acid , giving the new variant the name G127V .
Initially , Mead and his colleagues thought that because the variant had never been seen before , it must have damaging rather than beneficial effects .
“ We thought we ’d found the trigger for how kuru happens , that someone ate the brain of someone with the mutation and that ’s how the disease started spreading through the cannibalistic funeral feasts , ” he said .
“ Instead , we found the complete opposite , which is that it was protective . ”
Inherited health
The mutation first arose about 200 years ago by accident in a single individual , who then passed it down to his or her descendants .
“ When the kuru epidemic peaked about 100 years back , there were maybe a couple of families who found that they and their children survived while all their neighbours were dying , and so on to today ’s generation , who still carry the gene , ” says Mead .
“ So it was a very sudden genetic change under intense selection pressure from the disease , ” he says .
None of the 152 victims of kuru had the protective gene , suggesting that it provides almost complete resistance to the disease .
But it ’s not yet known whether the variant protects against other prion diseases .
Mead said that experiments are already under way in mice deliberately given the new mutation , to see if they are protected against both kuru and vCJD .
Mead says that the team has evidence that the prion protein made by the new variant might prevent the abnormal version of the prion from multiplying , giving clues to how to treat or prevent vCJD with drugs .
In 2003 , Mead and his colleagues discovered a much more common variant of the prion gene that provides protection against prion diseases .
The variant ’s position in the gene , at codon 129 , is just two units away from the new one .
The protective variant at codon 129 is called “ MV ” , standing for the amino acids methionine and valine .
All deaths except one from vCJD have so far been in people with the “ MM ” variant , suggesting that they are specially at risk .
Jose Ordovas , who studies genetics and nutrition at Tufts University , Boston , said the finding “ really supports the concept of very rapid adaptation of humans to the environment ” .
Journal reference : New England Journal of Medicine , vol 361 , p 2056
Well , you do n’t have to .
We ’ve tested this out ourselves , and here are the instructions if you ’d like to venture into the wild and try and install the update manually .
Download this file
Rename the file to update.zip and place it in the root directory of your microSD card
Power off the phone
Power on the phone while holding the ‘ X ’ key on the physical keyboard to enter recovery mode
When you see the triangle with the exclamation point , press the volume up key and camera button key ( only press the camera key down half way )
Navigate to “ apply update.zip ” and press the gold center button on the keyboard to select it .
It will start the update process
Reboot the phone after it ’s finished .
That ’s it !
Let us know how it works out , and please do n’t try it if you ’re not comfortable .
Thanks ,
David !
Grab this file Grab this file https://android.clients.google.com/upda … 263456.zip
• Rename the file to update.zip and place it the root directory of your SD Card .
• Power off the phone .
• Power on the phone , while holding the ‘ X ’ on the physical keyboard .
• When you see the triangle and ! , press Volume Up + Camera button .
• Navigate to “ apply update.zip ” and press the gold button ( center ) on the D - Pad .
Now it will install .
• Reboot phone ( should take 3 - 4 minutes ) .
COMPREHENSIVE DEBT RELIEF SERVICES
Many people throughout Texas struggle financially due to layoffs , divorce , student loans , medical debt , bad investments and other causes .
If you are overwhelmed by debt , you may be entitled to a fresh financial start under the U.S. Bankruptcy code .
I help people exercise their right to bankruptcy protection .
Bankruptcy is not the best fit for everyone facing financial trouble , and I will help you understand all of your debt relief options in order to make the best decision about whether to file .
SKILLED FAMILY LAW COUNSEL
I provide complete family law services .
If you are ending your marriage , or facing a child custody dispute or another difficult matter , as your lawyer I will work tirelessly to protect your interests .
I am sensitive to the stress and anxiety involved in family law cases .
I take the time to help my clients understand all of their options and the pros and cons of each one .
You can count on me to not only provide strategic legal representation , but also walk you through the entire legal process every step of the way .
CONTACT ME FOR A CONFIDENTIAL LEGAL CONSULTATION
To discuss your family law or bankruptcy concerns with me , please call 281-528-1948 or fill out this form to schedule a consultation .
I do not charge fees for initial personal bankruptcy consultations , but we do charge for business bankruptcy consultations and family law consultations .
Please call our office or send an email for more information .
I am available during regular business hours and by appointment at other times .
I provide legal representation in The Woodlands , Spring and Conroe , and throughout Harris County and Montgomery County .
We are a debt relief agency .
We help people file for bankruptcy relief under the Bankruptcy Code .
View Transcript
Transcript
Dogbert the CEO Dogbert says , " I want to win a humanitarian award . "
Dogbert says , " But I do n't want to touch anyone who is sick .
Or poor .
Or unattractive . "
The Boss says , " Do you want to donate your time or money ? "
Dogbert says , " I 'm hoping to donate your time and the stockholders ' money . "
Wie heute auf Spiegel online [ 1 ] zu lesen ist , wird der Modekonzern Gerry Weber ab dem kommenden Jahr RFID - Chips in die Pflege - Etiketten seiner Kleidungsstücke einnähen .
Diese sollen im Laden an der Kasse automatisch und ohne von einem Kassierer oder einer Kassiererin angefasst zu werden ihren Preis übermitteln .
Da dies über eine individuelle Nummer geschehen soll , kann auch an der Ladentür sofort Alarm ausgelöst werden , wenn das Kleidungsstück nicht bezahlt und aus dem Bestand ausgetragen wurde .
RFID ?
Wat is dat denn ?
RFID ist die Abkürzung für Radio Frequency Identification .
Ein RFID - System besteht aus den Transpondern ( den Chips ) , die ankommende Funksignale beantworten und sich z.B. an oder in zu kaufenden Kleidungsstücken befindet .
Außerdem benötigt man ein Lesegerät .
Der Transponder kann sehr klein sein , und benötigt keine eigene Energiequelle .
So ein RFID - Chip befindet sich z.B. in den biometrischen Reisepässen .
Die gespeicherten Daten lassen sich unauffällig auslesen .
Datenschützer laufen gegen diese Pläne bereits Sturm , auch wenn laut Gerry Weber keine persönlichen Merkmale auf den Chips gespeichert werden sollen .
Denn prinzipiell ist es möglich , Bewegungs - und Einkaufsprofile anzulegen , da ja nicht nur das zu erwerbende Stück zur Kasse funkt , sondern der eben getragene Pulli auch , sollte er bereits mit einem solchen RFID - Chip ausgestattet sein .
Das gilt erst recht dann , wenn man EC- , Kredit - oder Kundenkarten nutzt , da sich da Daten so personalisieren lassen .
Ich meine , da hilft es nur , die Etiketten aus der Kleidung herauszutrennen und zu entsorgen , damit die Müllabfuhr sich des Chips annimmt .
Besser jedoch , der Hersteller nimmt von dieser hirnrissigen Idee Abstand , denn das Missbrauchspotential ist nicht eben gering .
Damit reche ich aber nicht wirklich , da es in einigen Filialen scheinbar schon Tests gegeben hat .
Betroffen sind alle Marken der Gerry - Weber - Gruppe .
Ich weiß auch nicht , in wie weit man Lesegeräte für daheim bekommt , um überhaupt mal festzustellen , welche Daten auf den Chips gespeichert sind .
Links :
Merkel Cabinet Reshuffle Minister Jung Resigns amid Afghanistan Airstrike Scandal
Labor Minister Franz Josef Jung resigned from Chancellor Angela Merkel 's cabinet on Friday .
The former defense minister stumbled over his handling of a controversial airstrike in Afghanistan in September .
Family Minister Ursula von der Leyen will take over for him .
Thieves have trashed the Marysville Patisserie in Malvern and stolen donations collected for CFA volunteers .
Ashraf Doos and his family temporarily moved the bakery to Malvern after their shop in Marysville was destroyed on Black Saturday .
He arrived this morning to find food and Christmas orders dumped on the floor .
The thieves also took money from the till , and a jar of donations for the Marysville CFA .
Mr Doos says the shop has been ransacked , and thousands of dollars worth of food has been wasted .
" You would n't believe the mess these guys left , I have so many orders for the Christmas cakes - I put them in the cool room and all the cakes are on the floor , " he said .
" I do my own fudge , I make a lot of fudge for Christmas and it's all over the floor , there 's just mess everywhere .
They went through everything . "
Pydiction : Tab - complete your Python code
script karma Rating 1280 / 472 , Downloaded by 65096 Comments , bugs , improvements
Vim wiki created by ryan kulla script type utility description Pydiction allows you to Tab - complete Python code in Vim such as keywords , built - ins , standard library , and third - party modules .
For the latest version of Pydiction and full documentation , see : http://rkulla.github.io/pydiction/
It does n't require installing any dependencies .
It simply consists of three files :
python_pydiction.vim --
Vim plugin that autocompletes Python code .
complete - dict -- Dictionary file of Python keywords , modules , etc .
pydiction.py --
Python script to add more words to complete - dict .
The bundled dictionary comes with most terms you will likely need in your day - to - day Python programming , and the included
Python script allows you to easily append new modules to the dictionary .
So you do n't have to wait around for me to add them .
And you can teach Pydiction to complete your project 's own API very quickly .
Some third - party libraries already supported are :
` Django` ` Flask` ` Requests` ` Twisted` ` Numpy` ` Psycopg2` `PyGreSQL` `SQLite3` `MySQLdb` ` OpenGL` ` Pygame` `wxPython`
`PyGTK` `PyQT4` ` OpenID` `lxml` `urwid` ` Celery` ` Scrapy` and more .
install details
If you have Pathogen installed :
cd ~/.vim / bundle
git clone https://github.com/rkulla/pydiction.git
or use a plugin manager like Vimogen ( https://github.com/rkulla/vimogen) to install and manage Pydiction and all of your plugins .
Otherwise :
- UNIX / LINUX / OSX : Put python_pydiction.vim in ~/.vim/after/ftplugin/
( Create this directory if does n't yet exist .
Vim looks there automatically )
- WINDOWS : Put python_pydiction.vim in C:\vim\vimfiles\ftplugin\
( Assuming you installed Vim to C:\vim\ )
You may install complete - dict and pydiction .py anywhere ( see the Configuration section ) ,
but only python_pydiction.vim in the ftplugin directory because for .vim files only .
Configuration
==========
In your vimrc file , first add the following line to enable filetype plugins :
filetype plugin on
then make sure you set g:pydiction_location to the full path of where you installed complete - dict .
Ex :
let g:pydiction_location = '/ path/to/complete-dict'
for example , if you used Pathogen to install Pydiction , you would set this to :
let g:pydiction_location = ' /home/user/.vim/bundle/pydiction/complete-dict'
and the dictionary will be available to all of your virtualenv 's as well .
You can change the height of the completion menu by setting g:pydiction_menu_height in your vimrc :
let g:pydiction_menu_height = 3
The default menu height is 8 , meaning 8 items at a time will be shown .
Some people prefer more or less and you can make it as large as you want since it will automatically know where to position the menu to be visible .
Note :
If you were using a version of Pydiction less than 1.0 , make sure you delete the old pydiction way of doing things from your vimrc .
You should *** NOT *** have this in your vimrc anymore :
if has ( " autocmd " )
autocmd FileType python set complete+=k / path/to/pydiction iskeyword +=. , (
endif " has ( " autocmd " )
If you want to configure other things , such as how to get Pydiction to work with other plugins like `SnipMate` or the color of the menu , see the `Tips` section of the documentation .
rate this script Life Changing Helpful Unfulfilling script versions ( upload new version ) Click on the package to download .
package script version date Vim version user release notes pydiction - 1.2.3.zip 1.2.3 2014-04-29 7.0 ryan kulla
Adds scrapy , lxml , urwid and celery .
Adds better completion defaults .
Removes extra blank lines .
Adds better checking for missing attributes .
pydiction - 1.2.2.zip 1.2.2 2014-04-04 7.0 ryan kulla
Adds latest 2.7 versions of every built - in / stdlib thing and includes Django , Flask , Requests , Psycopg2 and more .
Also adds more completion marker info to the dictionary such as what is a root module , and what version of python and which operating system was use to generated dictionary items .
pydiction - 1.2.1.zip 1.2.1 2013-03-03 7.0 ryan kulla Updated file structure for Pathogen and misc .
code cleanup pydiction - 1.2.zip 1.2 2009-07-25 7.0 ryan kulla
Added " from module " completion , Tab backwards support , and more third party libs .
pydiction - 1.1.zip 1.1 2009-07-20 7.0 ryan kulla
Added quoted string method completion , ZSI Web Services module completion and fixed a bug with the -v option .
pydiction - 1.0.zip 1.0 2009 -07-18 7.0 ryan kulla I Rewrote everything .
It 's now an ftplugin and uses the Tab key for completion .
The dictionary generator works much better and you have more options .
pydiction -0.5.tar.gz 0.5 2004-01-19 6.0 ryan kulla
Added support for ldap , cleaned up some code and included a gnu license .
pydiction -0.4.tar.gz 0.4 2003-12-16 6.0 ryan kulla support for Numeric and numarray pydiction - 0.3.tar.gz 0.3 2003-12-15 6.0 ryan kulla
This version allows you to supply multiple module names to pydiction .
py and it will auto - append them to the pydiction file .
The included pydiction file now contains support for wxPython and Twisted .
pydiction - 0.2.tar.gz 0.2 2003-12-06 6.0 ryan kulla Added support for Pygame to pydiction .
And im supplying the source code to the pydiction generator so people can extend pydiction so that they can have auto - completion for their own modules / functions / etc pydiction 0.1 2003-12-06 6.0 ryan kulla Initial upload ip used for rating : 176.9.113.70
Two of the biggest goals for U.S. forces in Afghanistan are building up Afghan security forces and convincing Taliban members to lay down their arms .
It seems some of both goals can be accomplished with some cash .
Defense Secretary Robert Gates , who arrived for an unannounced trip to Afghanistan on Tuesday , said money is a key reason why the Afghans might be having recruiting and retention problems with its security forces .
" One of the eye openers for us was learning that the Taliban , for the most part , are better paid than the Afghan Security Forces , so that 's something that we and the Afghans have already taken steps to correct , " the DOD chief said .
" They 're raising the pay of the police and they 're putting in place a number of additional incentives and bonuses and so on for the army in terms of combat pay and various things like that so that clearly will help .
I think , frankly , that 's the biggest obstacle . "
So how much money do you get if you fight for the Taliban ?
Around $ 300 , according to Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the senior NATO and U.S. forces commander in Afghanistan .
" There is no set pay scale , but by our intelligence , they are paying the equivalent of about $ 300 a month and that is higher than we are paying Afghan army or police , " McChrystal told the Senate Armed Services Committee , where he testified on Tuesday .
So the U.S. is minding the gap , if you will , and along with the Afghan government , raising the pay for Afghan troops .
( Watch inside the Afghan recruitment process from CNN's Atia Abawi )
" In coordination with the Afghan government , we just almost doubled Afghan army and police training [ pay ] .
It is in parity now .
It is less than $ 300 a month but it 's much closer , " he told the committee .
" Almost doubling " indicates prior pay was in the neighborhood of $ 150 a month .
It 's no surprise then that the Afghan Security Forces have suffered from corruption charges and desertion– especially in the face of higher Taliban pay .
The higher pay could also help encourage lower level Taliban to instead lay down their weapons and perhaps join Afghan security forces .
" Obviously , you have to make it more attractive for individuals to serve on the side of the government rather than take up with the Taliban .
Wages have to encourage , " said Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman .
Neither the Afghan government nor ISAF pays fighters to come off the field , according to an official with the International Security Assistance Force ( ISAF ) office who spoke to the Afghanistan Crossroads blog on background .
And the ISAF official explained that if fighters choose to turn themselves over to the Afghan National Security Forces , their government will try to give them jobs .
The official reiterated that " it 's all Afghan - led . "
The U.S. and Afghanistan are looking to increase the Afghan security force of police and military to 300,000 strong by July 2011 from its current level of approximately 190,000 .
But Afghanistan , with its struggling economy , will need help to pay for that force with U.S. and international assistance for the next 10 to 15 years , President Hamid Karzai said Tuesday .
" Afghanistan will not be able to sustain a force of that nature and capability with its own resources . "
Karzai said .
Related : McChrystal before Congress
Related : Barbara Starr on Gates in Afghanistan
I got together with Mark Rein last week and he showed me an Unreal Engine 3 tech demo running on a 3rd generation iPod Touch .
The same Unreal Engine 3 that powers Gears of War 2 , running on an iPod Touch .
The engine also works on the iPhone 3GS , and Mark tells me that we ’ll see it on another mobile platform at CES ( hmm ... ) .
The demo is both playable and has a flythrough .
It ’s using a modified Unreal Tournament level previously shown off at GDC .
A virtual thumbstick on the left side of the screen controls your movement , while tracking your thumb in the lower right corner of the screen controls the camera .
Just tap the screen to shoot .
Mark said this is a tech test bed and they ’re experimenting with several different control schemes including ones with tilt .
In practice , the controls work well .
This is just a demo so there was no score or point to the game , I just got to run around and kill a single respawning enemy .
And it was fun .
As you can see from the video the frame rate was smooth .
There are more visuals to be added , as well as some polishing , but the demo looked very good for an iPhone game .
It requires OpenGL ES 2.0 , so the iPhone 2G and 3G wo n’t work , nor will the older iPod Touch models .
It does n’t really matter though , this is just a starting point .
Epic is n’t announcing any sort of iPhone engine licenses nor are they entering the iPhone game market .
Porting UE3 to the iPhone is simply one of many projects being worked on inside a newer , more svelte and innovative Epic Games ( wait till you see what ’s next ... ) .
Today the iPhone , Tomorrow the World
Mark said they planned to make this available to licensees at some point in the near future .
That ’s great for end users because it means that any Unreal Engine licensee can now start playing around with making iPhone games based on the same technology .
Unfortunately the recently announced , free to the public , Unreal Development Kit ( UDK ) is Windows only - the iPhone version is n’t included .
I ’d guess that at some point Epic will change that , it just makes too much sense .
Doing so would enable a whole new class of iPhone game development using an extremely polished engine .
It ’s all about taking the portable market seriously .
While I would n’t expect to see any Epic branded iPhone games anytime soon , eventually it would n’t be too far fetched to see a full port of Gears of War to something as small as an iPhone .
NAND
Flash capacities to support multiple 9GB games will be there in another few years , as will GPU horsepower .
Remember that the SoC in the iPhone 3GS is only built on 65nm technology , Intel is about to release its first 32nm chips .
You could cram four times as many transistors into the same space at 32nm , roughly 9 times as many at 22nm .
Remember that graphics performance scales very well with additional transistors .
At what point does the smartphone become more powerful than an Xbox 360 ?
Sometime in the next 3 - 5 years for sure .
And it ’s not just about iPhone support .
Mark told me that as soon as CES we ’ll see Unreal Engine 3 on another mobile platform entirely .
More announcements will happen throughout 2010 .
This is n’t a platform specific thing , it ’s about bringing Unreal Engine 3 to the entire portable market .
Final Words
For the end user , Epic just improved the chances of getting better looking games on the iPhone and potentially other portable devices .
For Epic , expanding UE3 into the portable market makes a lot of sense - it will eventually increase the base of paying UE licensees as well as help move the entire portable gaming industry forward .
It ’s not all altruistic though , by releasing iPhone and other portable versions of UE3 it helps secure Epic ’s position as a supplier of game engines , regardless of platform .
For an existing Unreal Engine licensee you now have the ability to compete in the growing iPhone market thanks to Epic , how nice .
Once the phone gets powerful enough I expect it ’ll be used for more than just playing simple games .
As personal computing moves to more platforms and takes new forms , what we need are technologies that unify development across all devices .
There ’s no reason that a game you ’re writing for an iPhone should n’t be built on the same foundation as something you ’re writing for a high end console .
The difference should be in the game , not in the engine .
This latest move by Epic does validate whatever Apple has been quietly doing all along .
From the investments in Imagination Technologies to hiring two previous AMD Graphics CTOs , Apple is clearly interested in gaming ( which is funny given the poor state of gaming on the Mac ) .
Historically Apple likes to enter markets when it believes that it can do something better or at least different .
We saw that with the iPhone .
The question is , how does Apple plan on providing a different take on gaming ?
The remaining hurdles are significant , but not unsurmountable .
Playing anything other than a point and touch game on the iPhone can be frustrating .
Epic does n’t address that , but someone else surely will when the time is right .
Engine houses like Epic enable game developers to focus on building the game they want to build , not the underlying technology .
With UE3 on the iPhone , we will eventually see more and hopefully better games on future versions of the platform .
Not to mention whatever other mobile platforms Epic plans on porting UE3 to as well .
Another report claims that a Google - branded phone will arrive soon , and an application that served as a promotional tool for the Motorola Droid was rejected by Apple for distribution in the iPhone App Store .
Google phone " a certainty "
Citing a " trusted source , " Gizmodo reported Monday that a Google phone running a new , different version of its Android mobile operating system is still in the works .
Prototypes of the device are expected to arrive on the company 's campus " over the next few weeks . "
The source said that the new version of Android will run on handsets with large screens , and it was spotted on a laptop in addition to phones .
In addition , it was reported that the current Android is not the " real " Android .
" So what makes for a " real " version of Android ? " the report said .
" Our best guess is an Android OS with Google Voice at its heart . "
Weeks ago , the rumored " Google Phone " was said to be coming in 2010 .
The custom - built hardware will allegedly allow the company to control all facets of the hardware , much like with Apple and the iPhone .
i Droid rejected
The " iDroid " application was a free downloadable advertisement for the Droid , an Android - powered handset that aims to compete with Apple 's iPhone .
It was created by Swavv Apps , the developer behind iPhone applications " Beer Pong Pro " and " Spin the Bottle Pro . "
According to TechCrunch , Apple rejected the software from the App Store because it is an advertisement for a competing product .
" All it did was display the glowing red Droid eye , " the report said of the iDroid application .
" If you tapped on the eye , it then showed some marketing bullet points about the competing phone such as the fact that it can run simultaneous apps and has a slide - out keyboard ( something the iPhone lacks ) .
The second page also shows a picture of the Droid with its keyboard out . "
Python Gotchas
Posted by Nick Johnson | Filed under python , tech , app- engine , coding
A lot of App Engine developers are fairly new to Python as well , and so probably have n't encountered a few subtle ' gotchas ' about the Python programming language .
This post aims to sum up the ones you 're most likely to encounter while programming for App Engine .
Mutable default arguments
First up is something every Pythonista learns sooner or later .
What 's wrong with this snippet ?
def append ( value , l=[ ] ) : l.append ( value ) return l
Well , what do we see if we run it more than once ?
default_append = [ ] def append ( value , l ) : l.append ( value ) return l >>> append ( 1 , default_append ) [ 1 ] >>> append ( 2 , default_append ) [ 1 , 2 ] ...
The solution to this is to use an immutable placeholder value - usually None - as the default argument , and initialize the list inside our function :
def append ( value , l=None ) : if not l : l = [ ] l.append ( value ) return l
Recursive imports
When you import a module for the first time , Python creates a new global scope , and executes the code of the module inside it , then assigns that global scope to the name you just imported the module as .
If the module you 're importing itself has other modules , Python performs the same process for them , and so forth .
On subsequent imports of a module , Python simply looks up the module in its internal list of loaded modules , and returns the existing scope .
Where this becomes a problem is if you have a module , a , which imports another module , b , which in turn attempts to import a - in other words , recursive imports .
When something imports a , it 's executed , causing the import of b. b executes , but when it reaches the ' import a ' statement , Python throws an exception - it can't execute a again without creating an infinite loop , and it can't return the a it's currently importing , because it 's not finished yet .
This does n't come up that often , because dependencies usually do n't form cycles .
But if you 're developing a fairly tightly coupled system , you may well encounter this at some point .
Sometimes , it 's a sign you need to refactor your placement of code in modules to eliminate the loops , but that 's not always possible .
For example , in part 3 of the Blogging on App Engine series we encountered exactly this problem , with the generators module importing the models module , and vice - versa .
The workaround is simple , but surprising to people used to compiled languages .
Suppose we have the following in a.py :
import b def a_func ( ) : return 5 def uses_b ( ) : return b.b_func ( ) + 2 print uses_b ( )
And the following in b.py :
import a def b_func ( ) : return 10 def uses_a ( ) : return a.a_func ( ) + 2
The solution is to modify one module - whichever is convenient - to move the ' import ' statement inside the functions that need to reference the other module .
For example , supposing we decide to modify b.py :
def b_func ( ) : return 10 def uses_a ( ) : import a return a.a_func ( ) + 2
This works because at the time b.py is executed , the code in the ' uses_a ' function is parsed , but not executed .
By the time uses_a( ) is executed , both modules should have finished importing , so Python can resolve the ' import a ' statement inside the function by simply fetching the already - imported module .
Edit :
In my original version of this post , I had an example that looked like a recursive import , but was n't .
Python is smarter than me , and only throws an exception if you try to call a function in a recursively imported module where the function has n't been parsed yet .
I updated the example above to demonstrate this .
Iterating over query objects
Now to something App Engine specific .
A common mistake - so common it 's even shown up in the docs once or twice by accident - is to do something like the following :
entities = Entity.all ( ) . filter ( ' foo =' , bar ) for entity in entities : entity.number += 1 db.put( entities )
The overall pattern here is a good one : Updating a set of entities , then using a batch put to store them back to the datastore in a single operation .
It 's much more efficient than saving them all individually .
The code above , however , does absolutely nothing :
No records will be updated .
To see why , we need to take a closer look at what happens .
The object returned by the expression " Entity.all ( ) .
filter ( ' foo =' , bar ) " is a Query object .
Query objects expose several methods to refine the query , but they also act as iterables , meaning you can fetch an iterator from them to iterate over the results of the query .
The db.put ( ) function also accepts an iterable , and fetches all its elements , storing the results to the datastore .
What happens here , then is that our ' for ' loop gets an iterator object from q and executes its body for each entity returned .
Then , db. put also fetches an iterator from q - a new iterator , which executes the query a second time , returning the original , unmodified entities , which db. put happily stores back to the datastore .
Not only does this code do nothing , but it does it inefficiently !
The solution is a very small change to our code :
entities = Entity.all ( ) . filter ( ' foo =' , bar ) . fetch ( 1000 ) for entity in entities : entity.number += 1 db.put( entities )
All we 've done here is to switch from using the Query object 's iterator protocol to fetching results explicitly .
The . fetch ( ) method returns a list of Entity objects .
The for loop iterates over them , updating them , and then db.put ( ) takes the same list , containing the entities we already modified , and stores them in the datastore .
Since we 're operating on the same list of entities in each step , everything works as expected .
Reserved module names
This is an issue that 's come up a lot more since we added incoming email support to App Engine .
Certain module names are used by the Python standard library , and attempting to use them yourself will lead to problems .
A prominent example is ' email ' .
If you name your own module ' email.py ' , one of two things will happen , depending on the order of directories in the search path : Either every use of the ' email ' standard library module will instead load your module , or vice - versa .
Since people writing incoming email support on App Engine typically need to use the real ' email ' module , neither option is a good one .
Take care not to reuse module names from the Python standard library - and if in doubt , check the module list for confirmation .
One easy way to avoid this gotcha is to put all your own code inside a package - then , you only need to check one name for conflicts .
Global variables and aliasing
Python only has two scopes - global , and local .
Global scope is the scope of the module your code is in , while local scope is the scope of the current function or method .
Python separates the two fairly strictly : Code in a local scope can read global variables , but can't , by default , modify them .
Attempts to modify a global variable will lead to aliasing - creation of a local variable by the same name .
For example :
>>> a_global = 123 >>> >>> def test ( ) : ... a_global = 456 ... >>> print a_global 123 >>> test ( ) >>> print a_global 123
Python provides a way to explicitly state that you want to modify a global inside a local scope :
The global keyword .
It works like this :
>>> a_global = 123 >>> >>> def test ( ) : ... global a_global ... a_global = 456 ... >>> print a_global 123 >>> test ( ) >>> print a_global 456
Note , however , that this is generally discouraged : Modifying global variables from within a function is seen as bad practice , and unpythonic .
Also , remember that this restriction only prevents modifying the variables themselves , not their contents .
For example , modifying a mutable list in the global scope is no problem without a ' global ' keyword :
>>> a_list = [ ] >>> def append_list( x ) : ... a_list.append(x ) ... >>> print a_list [ ] >>> append_list ( 123 ) >>> print a_list [ 123 ]
First import of handler modules
To wrap up , we 'll cover one final App Engine specific gotcha .
The execution model of App Engine Python apps is that the first request to a given request handler module is handled by simply importing the module , cgi-style .
Subsequent requests are handled by checking if the module defined a ' main ' function .
If it did , the main function is executed , instead of re-importing the entire module .
If you want to take advantage of this performance optimisation for requests after the first one , you need to do two things : Define a main ( ) function , and make sure that you call that main function yourself on first import .
The second part of this is handled with this bit of boilerplate , which you are probably used to seeing at the bottom of modules :
if __name__ == " __main__ " : main ( )
If you omit this bit of code , however , the first import of your module simply parses anything , then does nothing , returning a blank page to your user .
Subsequent requests execute main and generate the page as normal , leading to a frustrating debugging experience .
So always remember the two line stanza from above !
Got your own tips , tricks , or gotchas ?
Leave them in the comments !
Disqus
With the coming into force of the Lisbon Treaty on 1 December , members of the European Parliament , who up to now have been " representatives of the peoples of the States brought together in the Community " , become " representatives of the Union 's citizens " ( Art.14 TEU ; cf Art.189 TEC ) .
This change in the status of MEPs is but one illustration of the constitutional revolution being brought about by the Lisbon Treaty .
For Lisbon , like the EU Constitution before it , establishes for the first time a European Union which is constitutionally separate from and superior to its Member States , just as the USA is separate from and superior to its 50 constituent states or as Federal Germany is in relation to its Länder .
The 27 EU members thereby lose their character as true sovereign States .
Constitutionally they become more like regional states in a multinational Federation , although they still retain some of the trappings of their former sovereignty .
Simultaneously 500 million Europeans becomes real rather than notional or symbolical citizens of the constitutionally new post -Lisbon European Union .
Most Europeans are unaware of these astonishing changes , for two reasons .
One is that , with the exception of the Irish , they have been denied any chance of learning about and debating them in national referendums .
The other is that the terms " European Union " , " EU citizen " and " EU citizenship " remain the same before and after Lisbon , although Lisbon changes their constitutional content fundamentally .
The Lisbon Treaty therefore is a constitutional revolution by stealth .
The EU Constitution , which the peoples of France and the Netherlands rejected in 2005 , sought to establish a new European Union in the constitutional form of a Federation directly .
Its first article stated : " This Constitution establishes the European Union " .
That would clearly have been a European Union with a different constitutional basis from the EU that had been set up by the Maastricht Treaty 13 years before .
A constitutionally new Union
Lisbon brings a constitutionally new Union into being indirectly rather than directly , by amending the two existing Treaties instead of replacing them entirely , as the earlier Constitutional Treaty had sought to do .
Thus Lisbon states : " The Union shall be founded on the present Treaty " - viz .
the Treaty on European Union - " and on the Treaty on the Functioning of the Union . "
These two Treaties together then become the Constitution of the post -Lisbon European Union .
A new Union is being " constituted " , although the word " Constitution " is not used .
What we call the " European Union " pre-Lisbon is the descriptive term for the totality of legal relations between its 27 Member States and their peoples .
This encompasses the European Community , which had legal personality , made supranational laws and had various State - like features , as well as the Member States cooperating together on the basis of retained sovereignty in foreign policy and defence and in crime and justice matters .
Lisbon changes this situation fundamentally by giving the post - Lisbon Union the constitutional form of a true supranational Federation , in other words a State .
The EU would still lack some powers of a fully developed Federation , the most obvious one being the power to force its Member States to go to war against their will .
It would possess most of the powers of statehood however , although it has nothing like the tax and spending levels of its constituent Member States .
Three steps to a federal - style constitution
Lisbon 's constitutional revolution takes place in three interconnected steps .
Firstly , the Treaty establishes a European Union with legal personality and a fully independent corporate existence in all Union areas for the first time ( Arts.1 and 47 TEU ) .
This enables the post -Lisbon Union to function as a State vis-a - vis other States externally , and in relation to its own citizens internally
Secondly , Lisbon abolishes the European Community which goes back to the Treaty of Rome and which makes European laws at present , and transfers the Community 's powers and institutions to the new Union , so that it is the post - Lisbon Union , not the Community , which will make supranational European laws henceforth ( Art.1 TEU ) .
It also transfers to the EU the " intergovernmental " powers over crime , justice and home affairs , as well as foreign policy and security , which at present are not covered by European law - making , leaving only aspects of the Common Foreign , Security and Defence Policy outside the scope of its supranational powers .
The Treaty thereby give a unified constitutional structure to the post -Lisbon Union .
Thirdly , Lisbon then makes 500 million Europeans into real citizens of the new Federal - style Union which the Treaty establishes ( Arts.9 TEU and 20 TFEU ) .
Instead of EU citizenship " complementing " national citizenship , as under the present Maastricht Treaty - based EU ( Art.17 TEC ) , which makes such citizenship essentially symbolical , Lisbon provides that EU citizenship shall be " additional to " national citizenship .
This is a real dual citizenship - not of two different States , but of two different levels of one State .
One can only be a citizen of a State and all States must have citizens .
Dual citizenship like that provided for in Lisbon is normal in classical Federations which have been established from the bottom up by constituent states surrendering their sovereignty to a superior federal entity , in contrast to federations that have come into being " top - down " by unitary states adopting federal form .
Examples of the former are the USA , 19th Century Germany , Switzerland , Canada , Australia .
Lisbon would confer a threefold citizenship on citizens of Federal Germany 's Länder .
Being a citizen means that one must obey the law and give loyalty to the authority of the State one is a citizen of - in the case of classical Federations , of the two state levels , the federal and the regional or provincial .
In the post - Lisbon EU , the rights and duties attaching to citizenship of the Union will be superior to those attaching to one 's national citizenship in any case of conflict between the two , because of the superiority of EU law over national law and Constitutions ( Declaration No 17 concerning Primacy ) .
The EU will be constitutionally superior even though the powers of the new Union come from its Member States in accordance with the " principle of conferral " ( Art.5 TEU ) .
Where else after all could it derive its powers from ?
This is so even though the Member States retain their national Constitutions .
The local states of the USA retain their different state Constitutions and citizenships , even though both are subordinate to the US Federal Constitution in any case of conflict between the two .
The tenth amendment to the US Constitution alludes to the principle of conferral when it lays down that powers not delegated to the US Federation " are reserved to the states respectively , or to the people " .
Likewise it is normal for the Constitutions of classical Federations to provide for a right of withdrawal for their constituent states , just as the Lisbon Treaty does ( Art.50 TEU ) .
An alternative source of democratic legitimacy
Under Lisbon population size will in turn become the primary basis for EU law - making , as in any State with a common citizenry .
This will happen after 2014 , when the Treaty provision comes into force that EU laws will be made by 55 % of Member States as long as they represent 65 % of the total population of the Union .
Lisbon provides an alternative source of democratic legitimacy which challenges the right of national governments to be the representatives of their electorates in the EU .
The amended Treaty provides : " The functioning of the Union shall be founded on representative democracy .
Citizens are directly represented at Union level in the European Parliament .
Member States are represented in the European Council by their Heads of State or Government and in the Council by their governments ... " ( Art.10 TEU ) .
Contrast this with what is stated to be the foundation of the present Mastricht Treaty - based EU ( Art.6 TEU ) : " The Union is founded on the principles of liberty , democracy , respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms , and the rule of law , principles which are common to the Member States . "
The constitutional structure of the post - Lisbon EU is completed by the provision which turns the European Council of Prime Ministers and Presidents into an " institution " of the new Union ( Art.13 TEU ) , so that its acts or its failing to act would , like those of the other Union institutions , be subject to legal review by the EU Court of Justice .
Constitutionally speaking , the summit meetings of the European Council will henceforth no longer be " intergovernmental " gatherings outside supranational European structures , as they have been up to now .
The European Council will in effect be the Cabinet Government of the post -Lisbon Union .
Its individual members will be constitutionally obliged to represent the Union to their Member States as well as their Member States to the Union , with the former function imposing primacy of obligation in any case of conflict or tension between the two .
One doubts if all the Heads of State or Government themselves appreciate this !
As regards the State authority of the post - Lisbon Union , this will be embodied in the Union 's own executive , legislative and judicial institutions : the European Council , Council of Ministers , Commission , Parliament and Court of Justice .
It will be embodied also in the Member States and their authorities as they implement and apply EU law and interpret and apply national law in conformity with Union law .
Member States will be constitutionally required to do this under the Lisbon Treaty .
Thus EU " State authorities " as represented for example by EU soldiers and policemen patrolling our streets in EU uniforms , will not be needed as such .
Although the Lisbon Treaty has given the EU a Federal - style Constitution without most people noticing , there is no European people or " demos " which could give democratic legitimacy to the institutions it establishes and make people identify with these as they do with the institutions of their home countries .
This is the core problem of the EU integration project .
Lisbon in effect has made the EU 's democratic deficit worse .
It is hard to imagine that this will not make struggles to reestablish national independence and democracy and to repatriate supranational powers back to the Member States the central issue of EU politics in the years and decades ahead .
The writer is President of the Foundation for EU Democracy , Brussels , and Director of the National Platform EU Research and Information Centre , Dublin .
Friendly has gotten a bunch of attention since we released it last week .
We 're already over 200 watchers on the github project .
Thanks to everybody who wrote or tweeted about it .
Since then , I 've been hacking away on features that were sorely missing .
Today , I 've got a handful of those to release .
Scopes
The star of Friendly 0.4.0 is scopes .
Here 's how they work .
Assuming the following model :
class Post attribute : author , String indexes : author , : created_at end
To create a scope on the fly , just call YourDocument .scope .
@ scope = Post .
scope ( : author => " Stewie Griffin " )
You 'll get back an instance of Friendly : : Scope .
That object supports almost all of the query and creation API that a Document class does .
@ scope .
all == Post .
all ( : author => " Stewie Griffin " ) @ scope .
first == Post .
first ( : author => " Stewie Griffin " ) @ scope .
build == Post .
new ( : author => " Stewie Griffin " ) @ scope .
create == Post .
create ( : author => " Stewie Griffin " )
It 's also possible to create reusable , named scopes .
Named Scopes
The named scope syntax is pretty well identical to ActiveRecord's :
class Post named_scope : by_stewie , : name => " Stewie Griffin "
Then , you can get an instance of that scope with :
Post .
by_stewie
A named scope instance is just another instance of Friendly : : Scope .
Unlike with ActiveRecord , you must call scope . all to get the target of the scope .
You can also use any of the other scope methods :
Post .
by_stewie .
all == Post . all ( : name => " Stewie Griffin " )
Post .
by_stewie .
create .
name == " Stewie Griffin "
Named scopes are also chainable arbitrarily .
class Post named_scope : recent , : order ! => : created_at . desc end Post .
by_stewie .
recent == Post . all ( : name => " Stewie Griffin " , : order ! => : created_at . desc )
If there are conflicts , the right - most scope takes precedence .
class Post named_scope : by_peter , : name => " Peter Griffin " end Post .
by_stewie .
by_peter == Post . all ( : name => " Peter Griffin " )
Associations
Currently , only has_many associations are supported .
class
User has_many : posts end class
Post attribute : user_id , Friendly :: UUID indexes : user_id , : created_at end
The cool thing is that associations are just another instance of Friendly : : Scope .
User .
new .
posts
So , all of the Friendly : : Scope methods are supported .
You can also chain named_scopes on an association .
@ user = User .
create @ user .
posts .
recent == Post . all ( : user_id => @ user . id , : order ! => : created_at . desc )
Those are the basics .
Check out the docs for Friendly : : Scope and Friendly : : Associations : : Association for more info .
Misc Stuff
Jeff Rafter contributed a few awesome patches .
Most notably , Friendly was previously unable to create an index table for a field of type Friendly : : UUID .
Jeff added support for mapping custom types to database field types .
There are no docs yet , but the method signature for Friendly : : Attribute.register_type should be clear enough .
For most purposes , though , the big win is that Friendly should now be able to create tables for you more consistently .
Jeff also added a spec / config.yml for putting your spec db settings in .
Get it while it 's hot !
Scientific experts say the maximum setting should be 85 decibels The European Commission is calling for a suggested maximum volume to be set on MP3 players , to protect users ' hearing .
The commission wants all MP3 players sold in the EU , including iPods , to share the same volume limits .
This follows a report last year warning that up to 10 m people in the EU face permanent hearing loss from listening to loud music for prolonged periods .
EU experts want the default maximum setting to be 85 decibels , according to BBC One 's Politics Show .
Users would be able to override this setting to reach a top limit of 100 decibels .
In January , a two - month consultation of all EU standardisation bodies will begin on these proposals , with a final agreement expected in the spring .
Some personal players examined in testing facilities have been found to reach 120 decibels , the equivalent of a jet taking off , and no safety default level currently applies , although manufacturers are obliged to print information about risks in the instruction manuals .
Modern personal players are seen as more dangerous than stationary players or old - fashioned cassette or disk players because they can store hours of music and are often listened to while in traffic with the volume very high to drown out outside noise .
Dr Robin Yeoh , an audiology consultant at the Epsom and St Helier NHS Trust , said : " More and more young people are referred to me by their GPs with tinnitus or hearing loss as a direct result to exposure to loud music .
" It 's the sort of damage that in the old days would have come from industrial noise .
" The damage is permanent and will often play havoc with their employment opportunities and their personal lives . "
' Personal choice ' DigitalEurope , the Brussels - based body representing the industry , agrees safety must be improved .
But according to their spokesman Tony Graziano , " the solution must lie in a balance between safety and enjoyment of the product by the consumer " .
" Eighty five decibels would not be appropriate because noise coming from traffic , engines and so on would obliterate the sound , " he said .
Conservative MEP Martin Callanan , who sits on the European Parliament 's Environment , Public Health and Food Safety Committee , said : " Kids have always listened to their music loud and this is not going to stop them . "
He added : " You have to educate them to the risks but ultimately you have to allow personal responsibility and personal choice . "
The Politics Show broadcasts at 1200 GMT on BBC
One and for seven days after on the BBC iPlayer Here 's a selection of some of the comments BBC News readers have sent to us about this story .
I think that is a very good idea , this would help teens a lot as they would protect them from hearing loud music .
Hope this becomes a law here in the US .
John Estrada Serpa , York , Pennsylvania , USA My MP3 player can get very loud , and like those very unfortunate people , i'm left with loud intrusive tinnitus .
Due to my own neglect , I now struggle to sleep every night , and silence is a dream now .
I am always telling my younger sister to turn down her mp3 player , she listens to it very loud , like I used to .
Aron Roy , Utah
The quality of headphones plays a huge part in this and not just the volume capability of the player itself .
Typically the headphones that come as standard are cheap low quality that do not fit the ears correctly .
Consumers then have to increase volumes on the player to replicate what the track should sound like and drown out background noise .
Noise cancelling headphones clearly help here and the manufacturers should invest a little more here .
This will not only help the issue in question but will promote the overall quality of the product being provided in the form of the sound quality .
Mark Redfern , Shepperton , Middlesex I believe that the reason people listen to their music so loud is because of the outside noise .
If a player has an artificial limit for volume levels , it should also have quality noise - cancelling headphones .
I myself do n't listen to music that requires loud volume , but it does disturb me when I can hear lyrics coming from somebody 's headphones on the other end of the bus .
Shoji Hitachi , Finland Return to top I am in favour of maximum noise limits for the user , but feel much more strongly about noise leakage , which is a real annoyance , especially on trains and buses .
It should be illegal to manufacture earphones which leak noise to annoy other people .
Lots do not do this , why are any allowed to ?
Stephen , Norwich UK
This is ridiculous .
People should be able to play their music at whatever volume they want , and it is up to them to deal with the consequences of playing it too loud .
Izaac Solts , Leeds
I have a conductive hearing loss at the age of 25 years .
This is from a natural condition that I have developed rather than a loss from noise etc .
However I now wear hearing aids as my loss is around 60db in both ears , however the way the hearing aids are I can't put mp3 player headphones in my ears with them in .
So when listening to music I take them out and listen with them .
If my MP3 player was limited to 85 db and I can't hear noise below 60db then I would only be able to hear noise at the equivalent to 25db .
This would n't allow me normal enjoyment .
I would then have to fork out more money to buy an amp , which would n't be portable enough to take my mp3 player out with me .
If the EU imposes these limits it would be indirect discrimination towards those with a hearing loss .
Those with normal hearing should no the risks .
They listen to their music loud by choice .
Living in this nanny EU state is taking away our own freedom .
What do you think ?
In considering my case , would this be worth while ?
Are the EU going to buy me an amp once MP3 players are restricted to 100db ?
Steven Bailey , Manchester Return to top
In my opinion , the problem lies in a complete lack of noise rejection from the earpieces .
If noise from outside were to be mitigated , then users would n't feel the need to turn the volume up so high .
Closed back headphones are excellent at this .
Dave , Cornwall I purchased a pair if in ear headphones which act like an ear plug , the result is I can play my music much quieter as background noise is blocked .
Mr Ralph Jolly , Oxford I travel on the London Underground every day and quite often I get someone sat next to me with their iPod that it 's painful for me to listen to and that can't be good for their hearing .
I certainly would n't ask them to turn it down , you never know how they are going to react !
Paul Balaam , London
My ears were starting to hurt so I bought a pair of noise cancelling headphones which make a massive difference to the volume that you need to listen to music at , especially in traffic .
Sarah , Ireland Return to top
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Desperate Zimbabweans come into South Africa illegally daily to escape poverty
By Pumza Fihlani
BBC News , Musina
More than a year after the signing of a power - sharing deal aimed at rescuing Zimbabwe 's shattered economy , young people are still leaving the country in droves , seeking a better life in South Africa .
" Not much has changed in Zimbabwe over the past year , " says 21 - year - old Blessed Rugaru , a day after arriving in South Africa from the eastern Zimbabwean city of Mutare .
If I can get papers for asylum I can get a good job
Zimbabwean Brian Ngovu , 17
She has left behind her parents , who have both lost their jobs .
Zimbabwe 's economy has stopped its freefall - mainly because the government has adopted foreign currencies instead of the worthless Zimbabwe dollar .
But this means that those without access to hard currency are in a desperate situation .
The Red Cross has launched an appeal to aid some 220,000 people - mainly in rural areas - it says have no access to money from abroad .
And so those who can send South African rand back to to their families are increasingly valuable .
" There is nowhere to work in Zimbabwe - even if you are educated there are just no jobs , " says Brian Ngovu , 17 .
They are some of hundreds of Zimbabweans waiting in long queues to be served at a refugee reception centre in Musina in Limpopo Province .
It opened its doors in July 2008 to deal with the thousands of Zimbabwean asylum - seekers then camping out in an open field in the border town .
There are three refugee centres in South Africa and the Limpopo centre , close to the Beit Bridge border post , receives the largest number of people - about 350- 400 new asylum applications daily .
" The trends have not changed , we are still seeing the same large groups of people coming here as before the elections last year , " says a senior official at the centre .
He refuses to give his name in case he gets " into trouble for speaking to the media " .
Queuing for change
The halls and corridors of the centre are packed ; the air is warm and stuffy and there is very little conversation as people wait their turn .
Many applications for refugee status are turned down Mr Ngovu is in the queue that snakes outside ; beads of sweat have formed on his face .
He has had nothing to eat that day but he says he will not go home without being served - which looks unlikely to happen before the office closes .
He has been in South Africa for a year - trying to get a job but failing as he does not have legal documents .
He is living in Thohoyandou , about 100 km ( 62 miles ) from Musina , with friends who sometimes get jobs at gardeners or painters , but they never get anything long - term because they do not have papers .
" I am looking for a job here so I can help my family back home .
If I can get papers for asylum I can get a good job , " he says .
But unemployment is high in South Africa and he left school a year before graduating .
With no official qualification , finding a job - even with legal documentation - will be difficult .
In a country of close to 50 million people , more than 23 % of South Africa 's citizens are without jobs .
But between three and four million Zimbabweans are believed to have already crossed into South Africa .
Xenophobic fears Tension in some townships and informal settlements with a large number of foreigners is on the rise again , following last year 's spate of xenophobic attacks .
I want to be able to build computers from scratch and then I can fix the broken computers in my country
Zimbabwean Blessed Rugaru , 21 Some 3,000 foreign nationals , mostly Zimbabweans , were recently driven from their homes in a township outside Cape Town - their shacks were set alight and their belongings destroyed .
Ms Rugaru says fears of more attacks against Zimbabweans are never far from her mind .
" I am worried that the attacks might happen again , " she says .
" Things are not good right now in Zimbabwe but I will go back , home is best . "
But she is prepared to stay in South Africa as long as it takes to get her refugee papers .
" When I get asylum papers I will use them to apply for study bursaries here , " she says .
" I want to be able to build computers from scratch and then I can fix the broken computers in my country . "
No guarantees Both Ms Rugara and Mr Ngovu believe the answer to their troubles is being awarded refugee status .
However , the authorities at the centre say only cases that have " merit " are considered .
" South Africa is obliged by AU [ African Union ] laws to give permits to refugees , but most of these people do not qualify for refugee status , " the senior official explains .
" We can not give refugee status to people who only leave their country because there are no jobs ; these people are economic migrants not refugees , " he says .
Although many Zimbabwean asylum requests are rejected , until its economy starts to recover , people will continue to risk their lives crossing the crocodile - infested Limpopo river to earn the hard currency their families need to buy food back home .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Posted by emanhashim on 10 Dec 2009 / 0 Comment
Egyptian society has been fighting over abortion for over 10 years .
Abortion is still illegal in the country , but there have been many moves to legalize abortion pregnancies that are the result of rape .
So after all this fighting , why is there still no result ?
In a 1998 action that was described as “ revolutionary appeal ” by the international women ’s right watch , Egypt ’s former Grand Mufti Shaikh Nasr Farid Wasel approved abortions for rape survivors before 120 days of pregnancy .
In June 2004 , Grand Sheikh Muhammad Sayed Tantawi of Al Azhar , approved a draft law allowing women to abort a pregnancy that is the result of rape even more than four months after conception .
Mr. Mohamed Khalil Quetta , a member of the Egyptian people ’s Assembly , presented a legislative amendment to give a rape victim the right for an abortion in case where the rape resulted in a pregnancy to the assembly on Dec 26 , 2007 .
On Dec 30 , 2007 , Al Azhar ’s Islamic Research Academy approved abortions for rape survivors .
Then , in April 2008 , Quetta ’s move was approved by the People ’s Assembly to be presented to Constitutional and Legislative Council committee — a step that is still not finalized now , five years later , because legal and religious officials split up into two teams : those who were in favor of the proposal , and those who refused it .
On November 9 , 2009 , a diverse group of NGOs gathered together as part of the international campaign “ One Day , One Struggle ” , organized by the Coalition for Sexual and Bodily Rights in Muslim Societies .
Egypt ’s participation was by both Egyptian Initiative for Personal Rights ( EIPR ) and New Woman Foundation , who held a press conference that day .
Activists asked the Assembly to treat the matter of abortion rights for rape survivors with much more consideration , in light of what is , according to EIPR researcher Dr. Dalia Abdel - Hamid , a double failure :
“ The continued denial of these women ’s rights reflects the double failure of the government , which failed first in the protection of these women from the horrible crime of rape , and then failed again to preserve them their dignity and mental and physical health through giving them the right to terminate a pregnancy resulting from the crime . ”
On the other hand , Hoda Mahmoud , a women ’s advocate and development specialist , has a different angle from which she is looking at this matter :
“ Egyptian society continues to stigmatize rape victims .
Why would they go to the police just to have them say disgusting and horrific things at them ?
Egyptians continue to believe they are at fault for being raped and until we can change the perspective , things will not get better , even with a law . ”
Egyptian media highlights Mahmoud ’s concerns .
The Egyptian TV show 90 minutes has interviewed three guests from different sides to discuss this matter .
The guest list included Quetta , Shaikh Gammal Kotb–who supports the draft–and Dr. Faiza Khater , head of philosophy and religion at Al - Azhar University , who wonders why everyone is being so attentive to the rape victim , rather than questioning why she got raped in the first place .
After victim - blaming rape survivors , Khater hinted that rape results from how expensive life is now in Egypt , which makes it even harder for men to get married and have a legal wife !
Dr. Khater ’s alarming statements are not all that uncommon .
Even one of the women who works on Egypt ’s Centre for Women ’s Rights , Engy Ghozlan , says , “ many young men lack employment and incomes – so much so that marriages are being delayed , making men sexually frustrated and giving them lots of free time to sexually harass women or consider rape . ”
These statements reflect the myth that rape is about sex .
Rape is about power , and Ghozlan ’s statements hint at the fact that unemployed men feel powerless , but then mistakenly attribute rape to sexual frustration .
Now , after a long time of dealing with this matter as a topic for talk shows to interview celebrities to talk about , blame officials , and vaguely ask the community to prevent such a crime of rape , we can actually witness a complete change .
The law has been approved by different official institutes ; when the grand mufti approves such a law , it ’s a step .
All we need is the vote for it .
I know it ’s not huge , but it ’s a very good start to have the support of shaikhs and government officials in dealing with issue .
Before , no one even talked about this matter .
Slowly , editors , TV presenters , and even TV series started to discuss it .
At first , the dialogue was all about blaming the victim , even if indirectly , but now it ’s slightly changing .
Two of three guests on 90 Minutes were with the law : one is an MP and the other is a sheikh–normal people are now watching these words coming from these people , these men .
Perhaps because of this , majority opinion on abortion may change .
In a country that does not allow elective abortion , allowing a rape victim to have a safe legal abortion is not only the victim ’s right , but in fact the government owes this to her : they could n’t protect her at first , but now they are ready to share responsibility and help her through getting over this .
She no longer has to go through the life - threatening experience of illegal abortion .
When the law is passed , this is going to change the whole perspective by which Egyptians look at rape and rape victims .
Even when abortion is medically allowed , it is still something big .
Having the government give a rape survivor the right to do this means a lot .
Killian Melloy at the EDGE has the details .
A 10 - year - old Arkansas boy name Will Phillips has decided that he cannot in good conscience pledge allegiance to the flag as long as the country for which it stands refuses legal equality to its GLBT citizens .
That stand has brought young Mr. Phillips anti-gay taunts in the lunch room , but admiration from around the country , reports a Nov. 5 Arkansas Times article .
The West Fork School District fifth grader clashed with a substitute teacher for his refusal to stand for the pledge , prompting a call to Will ’s mother , Laura Phillips .
When the principal acknowledged that Will has the right to refuse to say the pledge , Ms. Phillips asked that her son receive an apology - - a request that the principal declined to honor .
...
That led the young man to his decision not to pledge his allegiance due to the injustice he perceived to prevail against gays and lesbians .
He discussed the matter with his family and then took his stand -- or rather , refused to stand with the rest of the kids when the time for the pledge came around each morning .
The first week of the young man ’s protest happened to be a week when a substitute teacher , a friend of Will ’s grandparents , was in charge of the class ; as days went by , the teacher grew more aggravated , until finally she took Will to task .
" She got a lot more angry and raised her voice and brought my mom and my grandma up , " Will told the Arkansas Times .
" I was fuming and was too furious to really pay attention to what she was saying .
After a few minutes , I said , ’ With all due respect , ma’am , you can go jump off a bridge . ’ "
...
Moreover ,
Will ’s stand for equal rights for gays has led those who disagree to attack him personally with anti-gay epithets :
" In the lunchroom and in the hallway , they ’ve been making comments and doing pranks , and calling me gay , " Will said .
" It ’s always the same people , walking up and calling me a gaywad . "
That has n’t been easy for Will , who skipped fourth grade but seems older than his age , especially in contrast to some of his peers .
Said Laura Phillips , " It ’s really frustrating to him that people are being so immature . "
The interviewer from The Arkansas Times asked Will what it means to be an American .
The answer : " Freedom of speech .
The freedom to disagree .
That ’s what I think pretty much being an American represents . "
On the occasion of presenting CouchDB and jcouchdb at my place of work , I got around to finally create a small example application that is now downloadable as sneak preview .
There need to be bugs fixed , features implemented and lots of documentation to be added , but it kind of works .
It ’s called “ Hood ” for neighbourhood and allows you to mark places or people around a place of activity of yours , called hood .
it is meant to foster collaboration / tips on local places etc .
It ’s Spring Web Application demonstrating some techniques of working with jcouchdb .
It ’s an eclipse WTP / Spring IDE project with all dependencies you need besides couchdb and tomcat or another servlet container .
Stay tuned for hood to grow into a fullblown app .
Links :
Hood Alpha – download at code.google.com
Hood Beta 2 – download at code.google.com
A worm painting is made by dumping worms into cans of different color paints then dumping them onto a canvas .
As the worms squiggle off the canvas , they leave squiggly trails .
Should we try and find meaning in a worm painting ?
It seems to me that would be silly .
Likewise , if we look at the universe and if we think that the universe has no creator , would n't it be silly to read meaning into the universe ?
And are n't we a part of the universe ?
It is thought Grant Goodwin incubated the illness from early childhood A 30 - year - old man thought to have died in January from vCJD belonged to a genetic group that had not shown any signs of the disease , scientists say .
In the UK , 166 people have died of variant CJD , linked to eating BSE - infected beef , and all were thought to have shared a certain gene .
Writing in the Lancet , the scientists say Grant Goodwin , of Lanarkshire , had a different version of the gene .
They estimate that up to 350 people in this group could get vCJD .
Scientists have always thought that a second wave of vCJD cases would emerge some time after the first .
This is the first indication that this theory is being borne out with the identification of the first probable vCJD patient outside of the initial genetic group , BBC science correspondent Pallab Ghosh reports .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
It is probable because the diagnosis is based on observations of the progression of the disease rather than post - mortem tests which would have provided absolute confirmation of the disease , he adds .
The case report written by Professor John Collinge , of the National Prion Clinic , and colleagues is a reminder that the disease has not gone away .
Many thousands of people may be carrying the infection and although they will never show any symptoms , they have the potential to infect others .
The majority of the UK population have potentially been exposed to BSE prions but the extent of clinically silent infection remains unclear
Professor John Collinge , National Prion Clinic
Father speaks about son's decline vCJD is caused by infectious agents called prions .
Prion diseases affect the structure of the brain or other neural tissue and are currently untreatable .
Disease - causing prions are thought to consist of abnormally folded proteins , which spread by encouraging the normal healthy prion protein found on the surface of most cells in the body to change shape .
Tests showed that Mr Goodwin had a heterozygous version of the gene which codes for the human prion amino acids valine ( V ) or methionine ( M ) . ' Incubation periods ' People can be V V ( homozygous ) , M M ( homozygous ) or M V ( heterozygous ) .
Since 1994 , around 200 cases of vCJD have been identified worldwide , and all those tested have been M M homozygous .
However , Mr Goodwin was M V heterozygous .
It is thought that 47 % of the population have this version of the gene .
Professor Collinge said : " The majority of the UK population have potentially been exposed to BSE prions but the extent of clinically silent infection remains unclear .
" About a third of the UK population are M M homozygous .
" If individuals with other genotypes are similarly susceptible to developing prion disease after BSE prion exposure , but with longer incubation periods , further cases would be expected . "
The scientists have previously looked at another prion disease in New Guinea , called kuru , which is induced by eating infected human tissues .
The original cases were all M M but more recently M V have appeared .
They say this indicates that M V people can get prion diseases like kuru but have a much longer incubation period .
A Department of Health spokesperson said : " " The Spongiform Encephalopathy Advisory Committee ( SEAC ) have noted this finding , which confirms the need for ongoing vigilance and robust surveillance of CJD .
" We are continuing to provide resources for CJD surveillance and research , and the development of a test for vCJD remains a priority . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
For the meantime , though , it definitely seems like what 's old is new again .
Is it worth optimizing for Atom ?
I 'm not sure .
Certainly there are significant gains to be made , but not all applications are suited for netbooks .
An Atom - based computer would surely not be a first choice for HD video editing .
Optimizing for an architecture like this in a compiler also requires a very aggressive code generator , and my experience in the Pentium era was that compilers really were n't up to the task .
Current versions of Visual Studio definitely are n't ; supposedly Intel C/C++ now has some support for Atom optimization , but I do n't know how effective it is .
There 's also the question of how much multithreading can help cover for the execution delays on single - threaded code , although in some ways that feels like replacing a big problem with an even bigger problem .
Anyway , benchmarking the old routine against the new routine for 228 source pixels ( 456 output pixels ) gives 2700 clocks for the old routine and 1644 clocks for the new routine , a ~ 40 % improvement .
The CodeAnalyst profile of Altirra shows similar improvement , so this is a real gain .
Unfortunately , on the Core 2 it's the opposite story with the new routine being half as fast : 775 clocks vs. 1412 clocks .
This leads me to believe that optimizing for Atom largely requires new code paths instead of merely tweaking existing ones , in order to avoid regressions on faster machines .
Ugly ?
Definitely .
You might have noticed that I reused the stack pointer but left EDX free .
That 's because I found a way to open up that register and was trying to open up another register so that I could increase the parallelism from 2 x to 4 x to remove the remaining AGI stalls , but I could n't find a way to do it .
One beneficial side effect to the Atom 's in - order architecture that I 've leveraged here is that partial register stalls largely are n't a problem .
With most modern x86 CPUs , it 's become regular practice to avoid merging results in low / high byte registers such as AH / AL , because of various penalties associated with doing so .
At a minimum you 'd end up taking a couple of clocks of penalties , and on older P6 era CPUs it would stall the pipeline .
It appears that the only partial register issue in the Atom is that you can't have simultaneously executing instructions targeting different parts of the same register .
That means it 's open season again on combining bytes into words for free .
Take the Atom 's behavior with regard to AGI stalls and memory access pipe restrictions into account and it's not hard to see that this is very , very bad code to execute on the Atom .
It 's been my experience that Visual C++ tends to make little or no effort at interleaving instructions , which is rational when you consider the behavior of many PPro - derived architectures with regard to out - of - order execution , register renaming stalls , and avoiding register spills with the pathetically low register count .
On the Atom , however , it leads to very poor performance in this case because nearly all of the code is serialized in one pipe and all dependent lookups are placed back - to - back for maximum stallage .
How bad is it ?
Well , let 's look at the code that Visual C++ 2005 generated for that loop :
The Pentium has two execution pipes that run in parallel , called the U and V pipes , both of which can execute one load or store instruction per cycle .
The Atom too has two integer execution units and can execute a pair of instructions per clock at peak .
However , unlike the Pentium , the Atom can only execute integer loads and stores in pipe 0 .
This means that not only does the Atom have a huge latency window to cover when doing table lookups , but it 's also bottlenecked on only one of its two execution pipes .
Yuck .
This has dire consequences for any routine that does heavy table lookups .
Address generation interlock ( AGI ) stalls are a consequence of CPU pipelining setups where address generation is performed by a separate stage ahead of the main execution stage ; the benefit is that address generation can overlap execution instead of extending instruction time , but the downside is that a stall has to occur if the data is n't ready in time .
In IA - 32 , this first became a problem in the 80486 , where a one - clock stall occurred if you indexed using the result of the previous instruction .
AGI stalls then became slightly more serious with the Pentium , where you then had to ensure that an instruction pair did n't generate an address from the result of the previous pair , usually by putting another pair of instructions between .
The Atom has a much larger window of 3 cycles to cover , which is a lot harder when you only have eight GPRs .
I had n't done any Atom optimization before , so I dug around the usual sites for information .
Everyone knows the Atom is an in - order core , so lots of branching and cache misses are bad news .
However , the loop above is fairly well behaved because the priority table is small ( 256 bytes ) and the color table is even smaller ( 23 bytes ) .
Looking through the Intel optimization guide , however , this caught my eye :
What this loop does is translate from raw playfield and sprite data into 8 - bit pixels , first going through a priority table and then a color table .
The highest dot clock on the Atari is 7MHz ( one - half color clock per pixel ) , but this handles the low - resolution modes which can only output at 3.5MHz , so each pixel is doubled up .
This routine was n't showing up hot on the systems I had tried previously , but on the Atom - based system it was # 2 on the CodeAnalyst profile , right below the CPU core .
Now , I was a little bit more worried about Altirra , because its system requirements are higher and it has a strict real - time requirement .
I was relieved to find out that it runs in real time on the Atom at around 20 % of the CPU , but what was surprising was that one particular loop in the video subsystem was taking a tremendous amount of CPU time :
I recently picked up a netbook with the Intel Atom CPU in it , and was pleasantly surprised by its performance .
The Atom CPU is no rocket , but it does run at 1.6GHz and it was n't too long ago that the fastest desktop CPUs were still well below 1GHz .
Yeah , it 's in - order ... but so was the Pentium 120 that I had when I started writing VirtualDub , so big deal .
Unsurprisingly , the old MPEG - 1 files I used to test with still played just fine .
Comments
Comments posted :
I love using virtualdub even on my eeepc but I have no idea what you are talking about .
You are way too advanced for me .
Do n't give yourself extra work !
My eeepc is slow with virtualdub but it is ok because I was not expecting it to be fast .
You rule !
Ranger - 01 11 09 - 13:52
I suppose that 's one of the benefits of Atom .
From a performance standpoint it sucks compared to most CPUs , but from a feature set standpoint it 's pretty good : it supports up to SSSE3 , which puts it at a user - space feature level of the original Core architecture .
That means it 's capable of running an awful lot of software , albeit slowly .
Of course , if you 're a commercial software vendor , it 's a bit of a nightmare to have the computing populace start moving toward CPUs that are half an order of magnitude slower , because then the spread of CPU performance you have to accommodate gets wider ....
Phaeron - 01 11 09 - 15:34
I 've been watching with horror as GCC has developed Atom optimizations and the open - source community has devoured them .
Fedora 12 is officially rebasing from i586 to i686 , because we already know i686 code is faster .
( around 1 % average )
But then they make this decision to use Atom optimization for all i686 packages by default , ( since , apparently , everyone everywhere is throwing away all their computers and buying Acer Aspire One's ) and I think to myself , GREAT , my Linux desktop is going to get slower * AGAIN *.
How much slower ?
No one knows , and no one in a position to do anything about it seems to care .
I really , really think the world would be a better place if Intel had not released the Atom .
Naptastic - 01 11 09 - 16:47
I really have to ask -- is the difference that important in your case ?
The difference I note here is quite dramatic , because we 're going from code that is reasonably well optimized for out - of - order architectures and pessimal for Atom to the opposite case .
For the vast majority of code in a typical Linux distribution , however , I would be surprised if you saw that huge of a difference .
We 're talking about C/C++ compiler settings , the compiler is n't going to skew the code that heavily , and the out - of - order architectures will handle Atom optimized code better than vice - versa .
Any programs that require deep amounts of optimization , especially multimedia apps , are likely to have assembly language portions that are unaffected anyway .
Besides , if it matters that much to you , why not use a distro like Gentoo where you can compile with optimal settings for your system ?
" i686 " is n't exactly a great fit , either .
Pentium 4 , Pentium M , and Athlon 64 / X2 have some differences in optimization strategy .
Phaeron - 01 11 09 - 17:04
As a coder I learned to start simple and gain complexity by combining simple blocks .
This way I can easily check that my base is flawless and move on gaining complexity without losing control .
If you look at the different modern processors , you can't really tell what your base is ( Multi - Core , Single - Core , SSE1 - n , MMX , Vanderpool , x64 ) .
How can anyone code something flawless on this ?
Somehow it looks like building skyscrapers in an earthquake - area - very arduous .
A Coder - 01 11 09 - 20:39
I use my Atom based computer as my default computed , and i do use virtualdub a lot .
can't really allways expect great performance from it , but do n't know if it worth the work of optimizing it .
In the next few months , dual core atom will be comming to the regular user and even ION based .
So performance will catch the netbook world ( as far as possible anyway ) In my opinion , when coding keep in mind the Atom processor , but do n't decrease the performance of others processors that are much more important .
Pofis - 01 11 09 - 21:15
Hey there , I find this stuff fascinating , but other than the Intel optimization manuals ( and resources such as Agner Fog 's docs ) , I know little about CPU architectures .
Do you know of a good book (s ) that provides a good introduction to this kind of optimization ?
David
David - 02 11 09 - 00:35
Wow , in all my 20 + years of professional software engineering , I never realized the similarity between programming and playing RPGs .
" If address generation encounters a dependency that needs data from another instruction , this dependency in address generation will incur a delay of 3 cycles . "
John Morton - 02 11 09 - 01:15
Due to mobility reasons I was forced to switch to Atom ( MSI Wind ) last July from 17 " with 2.0GHz Merom and GF7600 .
First days I thought , oh , just a toy , I just have to use that " outside " .
It turned out that I do almost everything on it now , save for graphics ( retouching ) because of small resolution screen and larger scale video work ( I changed to 320 GB / 7200rpm , but it 's still small ) , smaller videos are processed just fine .
It has the speed of container ship - it 's slow , but cruising 24/7 - so when you have it with you all the time , it can actually do a lot .
Finally I could change to new VirtualDub ( I had older versions on a few machines , so for consistent results I used that old version ) and Threading option ( parallel encoding ) is great , I have some workloads speed up like 60 % .
Now , if decoding was parallel , too ...
I have quite a lot in Lagarith and HuffYUV and sometimes it is in quite a big resolution , so decoding takes a lot of time .
It could help my friends from one institute , too , AFAIK they are using VirtualDub to process ( analyze ) a lot of industry camera images while keeping them in some lossless compression format for disk space savings .
BTW , a question about Windows 7 : I recently tested new notebook with W7HP x64 ( the Acer 's 3D model ) and installed VirtualDub 1.9.7 on it .
Then I tried installing HuffYUV , Lagarith and Panasonic DV codec , and they all failed to show in codec list in VD , but they are in System 32 dir .
Then I installed DivX 4.12 and it worked .
Is there a limitation to codecs ( 32 bit ? ) on W7 x64 ?
Do I have to install them in some " proper " way ?
And last but not least , thanks for VirtualDub , I use it for years now .
You 're a hero , Phaeron .
Lianna - 02 11 09 - 03:11
Lianna , are you using x64 VirtualDub with the 32 bit codecs ?
32 - bit codecs generally are n't exposed to x64 applications .
Lianna - 02 11 09 - 05:47
Whoops , started typing in the Name filed .
Above comment should 've been named as " Jeff "
Jeff - 02 11 09 - 05:48
Interleaved code , yay !
Another vote for " do n't optimize for Atom " from me too - there does n't seem to be much point for it .
I have one of the first eeePCs Asus brought out ( the surf 4g ) , which has an atom underclocked at 700 mhz ( which I clock back to 900 mhz anyway ) and after the obligatory trimming down ( shut down themes , services , etc etc ) , most stuff runs surprisingly well .
And I figure that the next subnotebook I buy ( if that ever happens ) will probably blow this one to bits .
So , do n't bother :)
ggn - 02 11 09 - 06:41
No , I used 32 - bit VirtualDub .
What 's strange is that DivX works , just HuffYUV , Lagarith and Panasonic DV codecs do n't , even though they copied their files to System32 .
Lianna - 02 11 09 - 10:29
I honestly dont think there 's much point coding for the Atom .
Most people realize ( or atleast are advised very quickly ) that an Atom based machine is not going to equal a normal machine in terms of performance .
Its a cheap ass internet based machine .
Its not ment for coding .
If you can enhance performance on that architecture without impacting performance on modern , common cores ( athlon / phenom or core2 / corei ) then sure go for it otherwise leave atom to die and let the ultra low voltage core 2s kill it off
Chris ( link ) - 02 11 09 - 10:43
Your kung fu is a lot stronger than my kung fu ... hats off to you sir !
George Slavov - 02 11 09 - 11:33
I think the compiler is forced to generate the original code because it can't guarantee that the arrays do n't alias each other , and it can't reorder the instructions without changing the semantics of the code .
You might have better luck explicitly doing 4 loads from src into local variables , then indexing all 4 into the priority table , etc etc .
And if the loop is long enough , it might be worth pre-combining colorTable and priTable into a single local array of 256 bytes ... that would free up another register for your assembly loop .
Very interesting post , thanks for the info on the Atom !
Stuart - 02 11 09 - 11:35
Since colorTable and priTable are loop invariants , maybe precomputing colorTable [ priTable [i ] ] as a new table can speed up your loop better ?
( disclaimer : I did n't grok your assembler optimization . )
kumar - 02 11 09 - 14:16
Adobe needs to optimize Flash for Atom ASAP .
Maybe you should ask for the job .
john - 02 11 09 - 15:14
Alright , first , the quickie off - topic :
One issue that I 've heard of on x64 editions of Windows is that some 32 - bit codecs do n't install properly , because they end up writing 32 - bit codec entries into the 64 - bit portion of the Registry tree .
If you get the codec entries into the SysWOW64 section instead , they should work .
Learning CPU architecture :
The book I used in college was " Computer Architecture " by Hennessy and Patterson , and I 'd recommend it .
It uses MIPS as the main example , but you 'll learn a lot of good fundamentals such as address generation stalls and data hazards in superscalar pipelines .
It 's not quite as good for out - of - order renaming architectures ; for that , so far Agner Fog 's literature is the best I 've found so far .
More responses later ....
Phaeron - 02 11 09 - 16:24
Phaeron : thanks for the response .
Added Computer Architecture to my Amazon list . :)
David - 02 11 09 - 23:44
" Well , let 's look at the code that Visual C++ 2005 generated for that loop : " I am not suprised , do n't forget that VS2005 predates the Atom , which was released after the release of VS2008 .
Yuhong Bao - 08 11 09 - 11:33
" From a performance standpoint it sucks compared to most CPUs , but from a feature set standpoint it 's pretty good : it supports up to SSSE3 , which puts it at a user - space feature level of the original Core architecture .
That means it 's capable of running an awful lot of software , albeit slowly .
" Yep , some versions even support x64 , which would have made this situation much better because of it's support for 16 registers and allow the low byte of all of them to be accessed directly ( SIL , DIL , BPL , SPL , R8L , ... ) .
Downside is that AH / BH / CH / DH cannot be specified with a REX prefix .
Yuhong bao - 08 11 09 - 12:21
> I am not suprised , do n't forget that VS2005 predates the Atom , which was released after the release of VS2008 .
Uh , care to tell which version does differently ?
I 'm not aware of any version of Visual Studio that currently has an optimization mode for Atom .
Phaeron - 08 11 09 - 12:36
" Uh , care to tell which version does differently ?
I 'm not aware of any version of Visual Studio that currently has an optimization mode for Atom . " VS ditched the / G? options long ago , so best to try VC2008 SP1 whith was released after the Atom .
Yuhong Bao - 08 11 09 - 12:44
I 'm asking you , because you decided to comment on it as part of your usual burst of stream of consciousness comments .
If you do n't mind , I 'd rather you did n't treat my comment form as a Twitter feed .
Phaeron - 08 11 09 - 12:56
Luckily , I have VC2008 Express SP1 installed on the Windows side of the dual - boot , so I can try it myself , but I am running the Linux side right now , so this will take some time .
Yuhong Bao - 08 11 09 - 13:25
No better , unfortunately , with VC2008 Express SP1 .
In 1903 , he took up a spartan existence with his younger brother , Frank , on the island of Guernsey .
Working out of a pair of granite cottages , the Fowler brothers collaborated on a book of usage , which they called “ The King ’s English . ”
Despite their amateur status —
“ We were plunging into the sea of lexicography without having been first taught to swim , ” Fowler later wrote — the book was a success .
The brothers went on to edit The Concise Oxford Dictionary and were planning a more ambitious book on usage when World War I broke out .
Although Henry was 57 at the time , he lied about his age and doggedly petitioned to be sent to the battle front , where he promptly fell ill and had to be sent home .
His brother fared worse , dying of tuberculosis at the end of the war .
It was left to Henry to complete the work that would make their surname a household word in Britain .
“ I think of it as it should have been , with its prolixities docked , its dullnesses enlivened , its fads eliminated , its truths multiplied , ” he wrote in dedicating it to his brother ’s memory .
( Nicely put , that ! )
The book was published in 1926 , to immediate acclaim and brisk sales .
Although language , as the truism goes , is an ever changing Heraclitean river , Fowler was not revised until 1965 , when Sir Ernest Gowers gave it a light going - over , preserving both the spirit and the substance of the original .
( The same can not be said of the 1996 third edition , heavily reworked by R. W. Burchfield . )
Now Oxford University Press has reissued the classic first edition of A Dictionary of Modern English Usage ( $ 29.95 ) , with an acute new introduction by the linguist David Crystal .
It is a volume that everyone who aspires to a better command of English should possess and consult — sparingly .
Fowler was fastidious in both manners and morals , but he was no prig .
He had a mordant wit and a keen sense of irony , which is part of what makes “ A Dictionary of Modern English Usage ” such a pleasure to dip into .
Despite the title , it ’s not really a dictionary .
True , there are many entries on spelling and pronunciation ( we are informed that the past tense of shampoo can be either “ - poo ’d ” or “ - pooed , ” for example , and warned against the pronunciation of “ enema , ” then “ in very general use , ” as “ in - EE - ma ” ) .
There are brief and masterly elucidations of fine distinctions in meaning , such as that between “ cheerful ” and “ cheery ” ( “ The cheerful feels & perhaps shows contentment , the cheery shows & probably feels it ” ) .
The bulk of the book , however , consists of little essays .
Some of them are heavy going .
I have never been able to get through the eight columns of wisdom about the subjunctive , let alone the eleven columns on the troublesome hyphen ; nor have I found the impenetrable entry on “ nor ” much help .
Most entries , though , are as light and whimsical as their ( often mysterious ) headings , like “ Swapping Horses ” or “ Out of the Frying - Pan . ” Under “ Frying Pan ” we are told , “ The writer who produces an ungrammatical , an ugly , or even a noticeably awkward phrase , & lets us see that he has done it in trying to get rid of something else that he was afraid of , gives a worse impression of himself than if he had risked our catching him in his original misdemeanour ; he is out of the frying - pan into the fire . ”
This is followed by the usual surfeit of examples drawn from the contemporary press — e.g. , “ The reception was held at the bride ’s aunt . ”
( Here the unfortunate writer was evidently trying to avoid “ bride ’s aunt ’s , ” but the phrase “ at the house of ” eluded him . )
Fowler reveled in such cock - ups , hoping “ to nauseate ” the reader “ by accumulation of instances , as sweet - shop assistants are cured of larceny by cloying . ”
Florida judges are barred from becoming Facebook friends with local lawyers because the online relation implies they 're BFFs in RL , the Sunshine State 's legal ethics board has decided .
In November , the Florida Supreme Court 's Judicial Ethics Advisory Committee determined that judges cannot include lawyers as friends on certain social network sites because the term " friends " conveys the traditional meaning of close affection .
The Committee said listing lawyers as " friends " is a violation of one of Florida 's Code of Judicial Conduct canon rules that states a judge may not " convey or permit others to convey they are in a special position to influence the judge . "
It stated that the issue at hand is n't whether the lawyer is actually in a position to influence the judge , but that others on the internet may see the listing as a true declaration of friendship .
" While judges cannot isolate themselves entirely from the real world and cannot be expected to avoid all friendships outside of their judicial responsibilities , some restrictions upon a judge 's conduct are inherent to the office , " the committee wrote .
As noted in WSJ law blog the oddness of the ruling lies in the rapid decay of the meaning of " friend " in the context of a social network .
When websites like Facebook and MySpace were in their infancy , adding a " friend " usually implied a pre-existing at - least - semi- close relationship .
Today , " friending " is an adjective on the web and no more intimate than a handshake .
Those sentiments were expressed by the minority opinion of the committee :
The minority concludes that social networking sites have become so ubiquitous that the term " friend " on these pages does not convey the same meaning that it did in the pre-internet age ; that today , the term " friend " on social networking sites merely conveys the message that a person so identified is a contact or acquaintance ; and that such an identification does not convey that a person is a " friend " in the traditional sense .
Trust Florida to make this an issue , but " friend " is a loaded bit of lexicon to be making due with .
And it 's clearly stuck in the public consciousness .
Hell , " unfriend " was the New Oxford American Dictionary 's 2009 word of the year .
We 're already passing on meta uses of the word . ®
Movie studios have been mining the videogame industry for creative ideas since the early 1990s .
Given nearly 20 years to crack the formula , you 'd think that Hollywood would have a better track record .
Sadly , many game - to - film adaptations have n't lived up to expectations ; Super Mario Bros. , Street Fighter , and Wing Commander are some of the worst offenders .
The film biz still has plenty of chances to get it right , as there are now more than 50 videogame adaptations in various stages of development .
Because we 're all about bringin ' you the info , we 've compiled this helpful guide to all of the flicks based on games that Hollywood is toying with , from familiar names like Castlevania to more recently announced projects like Call of Duty .
Here you 'll find alphabetized entries for each movie , the project 's status , and an update on each film - some with new and exclusive tidbits !
UPDATE : Ada Wong becomes the latest Resident Evil mainstay to appear in Retribution .
Status : In DevelopmentAmerican McGee's
Alice was an instant hit when it debuted on the PC back in 2000 .
The gaming title has long since lost its luster , but the concept is still ripe for film adaptation .
Recently , producer Scott Faye ( Max Payne ) updated the interwebs with a status on the project : Sarah Michelle Gellar is no longer attached to star and Texas Chainsaw helmer Marcus Nispel is , yep , no longer attached to direct .
A new script is in development by original Alice scribes Jon and Erich Hoeberand , and word ' round the campfire is that a new studio will be announced in the future , as Universal is no longer attached to release the project .
As in the game , the film will be a gothic - horror version of Alice in Wonderland that takes place after Alice has been committed to a mental institution .
Status : UnknownAlice creator McGee has also plotted a twisted version of L. Frank Baum 's fabled Land of Oz .
The game itself was canceled after publishers balked at the pitch , worrying that it was not an established franchise .
McGee then decided to build the franchise from the top down -- developing the characters and a movie pitch first .
Jerry Bruckheimer and Walt Disney Pictures have obtained the rights -- a trilogy was once rumored -- but the project appears to be stalled in development .
Screenwriters Kevin and Dan Hageman were once attached .
Status : UnknownParamount Pictures optioned the movie rights to Midway Games ' sci - fi themed first - person shooter , Area 51 , several years ago .
Producer Christine Peters was handling the project , collaborating with the game developer to craft the film , billed as an action - packed thriller .
Area 51 is set in the mysterious top - secret facility located in the Nevada desert .
Specialist Ethan Cole ( voiced by David Duchovny ) has been sent to investigate a viral outbreak that has just shut down the research facility , automatically locking all personnel inside under quarantine .
He soon realizes that the conspiracy theories and alien autopsies the world has speculated about are far worse than anyone could 've imagined .
The game also features the voices of Powers Boothe as Major Bridges and Marilyn Manson ( appropriately enough ) as Edgar , the gray alien .
The creatures in the game were designed by Stan Winston Studios .
As you can see it 's a ripe property for feature film development , but now that the game has aged , we 'll presume this one has been put out to pasture unless otherwise notified .
Status :
In DevelopmentEA have several of their videogame properties in development as films , and Army of Two is one of the more recent additions to the roster .
The game features a pair of private military contractors who rely on teamwork and extreme violence to survive the gritty world of modern warfare .
Scott Stuber is producing the film , with Scott Z. Burns ( The Bourne Ultimatum ) penning the script .
We have n't heard much else since this news last October , though .
It 's possible the project has been put on the back burner , but with a new Army of Two game in the works we assume more news will trickle out eventually .
Status :
In pre-production Your eyes are n't deceiving you .
The early Atari classic Asteroids has been optioned for film and seems to be moving steadily along .
The series has found its home at Universal with Lorenzo di Bonaventura ( Transformers ) producing .
Writer Matthew Lopez is currently penning the script .
Roland Emmerich was up for directing the film , but the director has moved on to another project , his top - secret sci- fi film Singularity .
So what 's the plot of Asteroids ?
The story centers on an Earth that 's already been destroyed by some sort of 2012 / ID4-y event , and the human survivors are living on colonies within an asteroid belt , along with aliens who they learn were responsible for Earth 's destruction .
At the rate things are developing we might learn sooner rather than later whether this gaming classic can thrive on screen .
Status :
In DevelopmentWith its heady undertones of Objectivism , BioShock may be the closest Hollywood ever gets to turning out a film version of Atlas Shrugged .
But with genetically modified goons and lumbering monsters in diving suits livening things up , viewers wo n't have to worry about falling asleep during the characters ' long sermons .
Gore Verbinski ( Pirates of the Caribbean trilogy ) has been attached to the BioShock movie since shortly after the first game 's release in 2007 .
Verbinski even went so far as to drop out of the upcoming fourth Pirates film to concentrate on BioShock .
However , his commitment to Rango with Johnny Depp has forced Verbinski to fall back into a producer role .
28 Weeks Later director Juan Carlos Fresnadillo was set to replace Verbinski , until Fresnadillo left the production to direct a horror movie titled Intruders and starring Clive Owen .
But it looks like Juan Carlos is back in the director 's chair .
We recently chatted with Verbinski about the project , and he revealed that Fresnadillo is still attached to direct .
At the moment , it looks as if Verbinski , Fresnadillo , and Universal are trying to determine how to keep the underwater horror film under a reasonable budget that strikes a hard R-rating .
Luckily , Verbinski also noted that the udnerwhelming box office performance of Prince of Persia wo n't impact BioShock 's future .
Rapture 's cinematic future is n't without hope .
Status : TrademarkedCall of Duty is one of the most recent names to be thrown into the Hollywood hat , but already the notion of a big - screen version of these games has fans salivating .
Last month , Activision filed a trademark for a Call of Duty movie .
Robert Bowling of Infinity Ward hinted on Twitter that talks have already begun with Hollywood studios .
Kevin McKidd , the voice actor for Captain Soap MacTavish in Modern Warfare 2 , recently spoke about the film .
After remarking how Soap was modeled after Gerard Butler , McKidd discussed the possibility of reprising his role on screen , saying , " If the script is good , and Gerard is n't available [ laughs ] , then absolutely !
" Nothing else is known at this stage .
It 's believed that a Call of Duty film would more likely focus on the Modern Warfare games rather than those set during WWII , but we wo n't know for sure until further announcements are made .
Status :
In DevelopmentLike the vampire lord Dracula himself , the Castlevania movie keeps vanishing into the mist and rising from the dead .
Paul W.S. Anderson ( Resident Evil , Mortal Kombat ) has been attached to the Castlevania movie for many years now .
When Anderson spoke with us in 2008 , he indicated the looming SAG strike had put the project on indefinite hold .
But things are looking up for Castlevania again .
At SDCC this summer , James Wan ( Saw ) revealed that he is now attached to direct the film and co-produce with Anderson .
The project 's producer and Paul W.S. Anderson recently revealed that they are waiting for a script to come in before moving on to next steps .
Wan admitted that he was in the early stages of development , so we 're not really expecting to hear much for a while .
But assuming no more industry strikes arise in the near future , Castlevania may finally be headed to Hollywood .
Status :
In DevelopmentOddworld creators Lorne Lanning and Sherry McKenna are bringing their best - selling videogame property to the big screen in Citizen Siege , a CG - animated film that will be set in the Oddworld universe .
The movie will be set in a frightening near future where democracy has all but disintegrated under the rule of global corporatism .
Lanning is making his directorial debut with the project and McKenna is producing .
The pair have hinted that there may also be a new game that will parallel the film 's action .
Status :
In DevelopmentBased on the popular Capcom videogame , Clock Tower tells what happens when an Ivy League - bound high school girl gets a call from the birth mother she does n't remember .
Seeking out her childhood home , the girl and her sister confront a timeless horror in the form of an entity known as Scissor Man .
The script is penned by Jake Wade Wall ( When a Stranger Calls ) , and Jorge Olguin ( Sangre Eterna ) is set to direct .
Clock Tower is being produced by Mayhem Project who confirm that the picture is very much in development , but could offer no further details .
( or see the latest posts )
This one : www.b3ta.com/board/9730895 ..is still too confrontational to be British ( , Thu 8 Oct 2009 , 22:02 , More
Beer review of Samuel Smith 's Oatmeal Stout , Sam Smith 's beer
Samuel Smith's Oatmeal Stout
Beer Reviews / Food & Drink Channel / Bullz - Eye Home
Samuel Smith consistently brews the best beer England has to offer , and their oatmeal stout is the best of their best .
They do it old school .
Back when beer still tasted like beer .
When the lighter styles still had some muscle , and mistakes were n't covered by an avalanche of hops .
From the old Tadcaster brewery in Yorkshire , and a well they 've been drawing their magical water from since the 18th century , this is the benchmark stout .
I do n't really understand why oatmeals are n't more popular than they are .
Maybe the double whammy of being a scary , dark stout and pegged with grandma 's favorite breakfast food right in the title .
It 's enough to send both sets of potential drinkers running back to their stand - bys .
It 's a shame , because they take an already fine beer style , and make it even better by adding another level of smooth , creamy , yet complex flavors that really do taste great , and are less filling .
Sam Smith 's excellent version is definitely black .
Black , black .
As in a complete absence of light , black .
The bubbly , tan head that tops it fades to lacing quicker than expected , but these beers tend not to stay in the glass past that point anyway .
The aroma is surprisingly faint from such a big , black beer .
You almost have to go looking for it but , once found , it smells like you expect it to taste .
A molasses sweetness wrapped around roasted coffee , and there are probably a few other things under all that if you look harder .
No point , though .
This is a drinking beer .
The first blast is all molasses sweetness , but just as that registers , the bitter hops knock it back down where it belongs , and then the coffee comes out .
There 's a creaminess that 's immediately counteracted by sharp carbonation .
Keep on drinking , and each sip brings a new discovery .
Some Yorkshire earthiness .
Toffee . Nuts . Dark Chocolate .
But it 's as smooth as silk , and none of these flavors is getting in the way of any of the others .
It holds a perfect balance .
It feels thick and coating in the mouth , but is n't heavy .
The mere 5 % alcohol does n't even add a hint of warmth .
This oatmeal stout is pure drinking pleasure .
One of the few beers that is complex , yet remains easy to drink and very sessionable .
There 's probably no beer in the world better paired with a big plate of bangers and mash .
Any roasted meat will be fine , but something smoked would be ideal .
Ribs would be excellent with and / or marinated in this beer .
If you have a slab of powerful cheese that 's too big for some wimpy wine , this beer will stand up to it and push back .
So , it 's a fine food beer , if you 're having something with big flavors .
But it really excels at being the good , solid beer to drink , one after another , with friends and family .
Maybe the price chases some away , but what could be better at an early tailgate party ?
Any beer from Samuel Smith is going to be quality .
Some of them are ridiculously good , but often carry a ridiculous price as well .
The oatmeal stout , again , is perfectly balanced .
It 's a fabulous version of an under appreciated style , and is fairly priced .
Guinness is a perfectly fine beer , but this is a notch better .
It was one of the first beers back in the day that started people searching for better beer , one of the ones that the beer snobs had to try .
Those snobs are n't always wrong .
And in this case , there 's no denying greatness .
It has to be said , Samuel Smith 's Oatmeal Stout – not just for breakfast anymore .
Lincoln Downs Resort Batemans Bay
BW Signature Collection by Best Western
A boutique country retreat overlooking a picturesque private lake and charming gardens , just over a kilometer from both Batemans Bay town centre and Surfside Beach .
Contemporary hotel rooms and suites with free parking and free WiFi .
Facilities include an outdoor heated swimming pool , tennis court , gym , gazebo , Briars restaurant plus wedding and conference rooms .
Lincoln Downs is close to the beach and offers a relaxing retreat with everything you expect from an idyllic visit to the NSW South Coast .
RECEPTION HOURS
Monday 7.30 AM
- 7.30 PM
Tuesday 7.30 AM
- 7.30 PM
Wednesday 7.30 AM
- 9.00 PM
Thursday 7.30 AM
- 9.00 PM
Friday 7.30 AM
- 9.00 PM
Saturday 8.00 AM
- 9.00 PM
Sunday & PH 8.00 AM - 7.00 PM
SHARANA , Afghanistan -- U.S. commanders here are enlisting some unusual allies : former mujahedeen guerrillas who battled the Russians with tactics now used by the Taliban .
Gen . Dawlat Khan , who commands the 2,000 Afghan police in the eastern Paktika province , came of age during the war against the Soviets in the 1980s .
His father was a leader ...
Obama ran an ad calling McCain --- McSame in the economy .
Republican Governor Mark Sanford of South Carolina went blank trying to think up any differences between John McCain and George Bush 's economic policies when Blitzer asked him to name some .
After stammering for a minute , he brought up NAFTA ?
Say , what ?
Blitzer then said they had no differences on NAFTA .
Oh , and then Sanford mentioned McSame 's opposition to earmarks .
That 's sure going to cut your gas prices .
( rough transcript )
Download Download ( h/t Billw )
Blitzer :
Are there any significant economic differences between what the Bush administration has put forward over these many years as opposed to John McCain 's support ?
Sanford : Yea , I mean for instance take , you know , ummm , ahhh , take for instance the issue of , ahhhh ..( knocks on table ) I 'm drawing a blank .
I hate it when I do that , particularly on TV .
Take for instance the contrast between NAFTA .
I mean , I think the bigger issue is credibility in where one is coming from .
I mean , to that position are they consistent where they come from ?
John McCain has consistently stood against earmarks throughout his tenure in the US Senate .
Regrettably , the President has not been exactly busy with the veto pen .
Blitzer :
Let me get back to , you raised the issue of NAFTA .
He 's a huge supporter of free trade John McCain .
The Bush administration supports free trade .
I do n't see a big difference between the two ..
Sanford :
No , I was going to go to a point , I was going to go to a point which is what you 'd want is consistency with regards to that position .
Blitzer : that 's a major difference between Obama and the President , but as far as NAFTA is concerned McCain and Bush are on the same page .
Sanford :
They are --- for free trade .
What an embarrassment .
Sanford started out by saying McCain was against the Bush / NAFTA position and then said they were the same .
Thanks for justifying Obama 's new ad .
Sanford could n't think of any because there really are n't any .
He just Gramm 'd himself ...
NEW YORK — Artist Jeanne - Claude , who created the 2005 installation in Central Park called “ The Gates ” with her husband Christo , has died .
She was 74 .
Jeanne - Claude died Wednesday night at a New York hospital from complications of a brain aneurysm , her family said in an e-mail statement .
Mayor Michael Bloomberg said he spoke with Christo on Thursday morning and offered condolences on behalf of all New Yorkers .
“ The Gates ” festooned 23 miles of Central Park ’s footpaths with thousands of saffron drapes hung from specially designed frames .
More than 5 million people saw “ The Gates , ” and it was credited with injecting about $ 254 million into the local economy .
The family statement said Christo was deeply saddened by his wife ’s death but was “ committed to honor the promise they made to each other many years ago : that the art of Christo and Jeanne - Claude would continue . ”
That included completing their current installation , “ Over The River , Project for the Arkansas River , State of Colorado ” and “ The Mastaba ” a project in the United Arab Emirates .
— —— On the Net : www.christojeanneclaude.net/
Second , it is argued tautologically that marriage by definition is between a man and a woman .
That is the question , and a circular answer does not advance the analysis .
In fact , marriage is not , and has not been , limited to persons of different sexes .
Not only are there historical examples , but there are a number of states in this country ( including Connecticut , Iowa , Maine , Massachusetts , New Hampshire , Vermont , and California before the passage of Proposition 8 ) and a number of foreign nations ( including countries as Catholic as Spain , as different as Sweden and South Africa , and as near as Canada ) that have embraced gay and lesbian marriage .
It used to be a “ lockdown ” referred only to prisons .
But when Wilson Gillespie hears the word , he thinks of his own elementary school .
“ A lockdown is if somebody suspicious comes up to our building , we pretend that we are not there , ” said Wilson , 9 , a fourth - grader at Horace Mann School in St. Paul .
“ So we shut all the blinds , and we lock all the doors .
And we sit somewhere where we cannot be seen if you look through any part of the door or the window . ”
The lockdown drills , now mandated statewide , are scary , Wilson said .
“ Because sometimes they do n’t announce that they ’re doing one , ” Wilson said .
“ They just do it out of the blue , so we do n’t know if it could be real or not . ”
As school officials and police respond to incidents of threats , shootings and other violence , the concept of campus lockdowns has become as familiar to students as blue book exams and tater - tot casserole .
“ Since Columbine , there ’s been growing awareness of the need to do something about this , ” said state Sen .
John Marty , DFL - Roseville , who sponsored the 2006 bill to mandate five annual lockdown drills in schools .
“ It was not something we thought about in the past . ”
St. Paul College was locked down for four hours Wednesday after a student reported that she saw an armed man in an elevator who looked upset .
Police believed her .
Up to 3,000 students at the technical school were forced to stay in their classrooms , and then on campus , while officers searched for a suspect .
Police have made no arrests , but an investigation continues , said department spokesman Sgt. Paul Schnell .
Schnell said that since Columbine — the 1999 massacre at a Colorado high school in which two students killed 12 fellow students and a teacher — and other school shootings , law enforcement has changed its approach to situations in which a suspect is inside a school .
“ In the past , when there were school - based incidents with active shooting going on , our strategy was to contain the situation , ” Schnell said .
Now , he said , police go in after the suspect — rather than try to negotiate .
“ In cases where there is a large number of people , the risk is too great , ” he said .
The Stillwater area school district recently spent about $ 1.4 million to upgrade school security .
Ray Queener , assistant superintendent for business and administrative services , said the money went toward new security cameras at main entrances of all the schools , extra cameras at larger buildings , badge access to outside doors and rekeying of virtually all other doors , including classroom doors .
The badge access is a significant improvement , he said , because the doors can be controlled remotely via computer — from inside the school or at the district office — if a threat arises .
The newer system also solves the problem of lost or misplaced keys that might fall into the wrong hands .
“ We can disable the badge within seconds , ” Queener said .
At St. Paul Public Schools , officials instruct staff to prepare for two types of lockdown : “ with warning ” and “ with intruder , ” said Laura Olson , manager of security and emergency management for the district .
The lockdown with warning might be called when an incident outside puts a school on alert or a medical situation makes it necessary to keep traffic out of the hallways .
In April , Crossroads Elementary had a lockdown as police searched for two masked men who fired shots in a nearby parking lot after holding up a gas station .
The station was about three blocks from Crossroads .
The robbers never approached the school .
No one was injured by the gunfire .
Classes would continue as usual in that type of situation , Olson said .
If there were a suspicious intruder , teachers would lock classroom doors , draw the blinds , shut off the lights and keep the children quiet , Olson said .
More likely situations might include a mercury spill at school or a hazardous - materials incident along a rail line nearby , Olson said .
The possibility of a shooter actually entering a building with the intention of hurting people is “ minute , ” she said .
Still , threats do crop up — and the most difficult step may be determining how serious they are , said Schnell of the St. Paul police .
A student may get angry and say , ” ‘ Somebody should come in and shoot up the school , ’ ” Schnell said .
“ That ’s very different from ‘ I saw a gun in the school . ’ ”
But his colleagues would rather be criticized for over - reacting than see someone get hurt and have the public say , “ Why did n’t you do more ? ” Schnell said .
Emily Gurnon can be reached at 651-228-5522 .
MINNESOTA SCHOOL SHOOTINGS
October 1966 : A 14 - year - old student is shot and a school administrator fatally wounded by a 15 - year - old boy outside Grand Rapids High School .
February 1993 : A 12 - year - old girl is shot and wounded by a 13 - year - old boy at Sanford Middle School in Minneapolis .
October 1994 : Two students are shot and wounded just outside Harding High School ’s north doors in St. Paul .
November 1995 : A Minneapolis North High School wrestler is shot and wounded in the school ’s parking lot .
September 1997 : A police officer is wounded when grazed by a bullet during a confrontation with an armed 16 - year - old at Le Sueur - Henderson High School .
October 2000 : Two former students are shot and wounded outside a homecoming dance at Minneapolis North High School .
September 2003 : Two students , ages 14 and 17 , are shot and killed by a 15 - year - old student inside Rocori High School in Cold Spring .
March 2005 : A student opens fire at Red Lake High School in Red Lake , killing seven — a teacher , a security guard and five students — at the school before killing himself .
More than a dozen are injured .
The suspect is linked to the shooting deaths of two others before he headed to the school .
February 2006 : A student with a BB gun accidentally shoots a fellow student in the eye during a class at Highland Park Junior High in St. Paul .
Rush Limbaugh was just rushed to a Honolulu hospital .
According to KITV , Limbaugh " suffered from chest pains " and was taken to Queen 's Medical Center in serious condition .
Rush 's arch - enemies , Obama and Pelosi are also in Hawaii now .
Coincidence ? [ KITV ]
Update :
All those prayers may have worked : According to Limbaugh 's official site , Rush is
AT Communication International is an integrated solutions provider and manufacturer of products and systems for the commercial , defence and security markets .
Our mission is to deliver award - winning solutions in infrastructure , communications , information technology and security systems .
As a recognised leader in the industry , we are directly accountable for the success of our solutions and have a thorough understanding of our customer requirements and local / international contracting regulations .
We 've posted a ton of information about the Pat Tillman saga on C&L as heartbreaking as it is and I wanted to remind everyone that the man who is going public with his views on how to handle Afghanistan was deeply involved with torture and Pat Tillman 's cover up .
The parents of slain Army Ranger and NFL star Pat Tillman voiced concerns Tuesday that the general who played a role in mischaracterizing his death could be put in charge of military operations in Afghanistan .
In a brief interview with The Associated Press , Pat Tillman Sr. accused Lt. Gen. Stanley McChrystal of covering up the circumstances of the 2004 slaying .
" I do believe that guy participated in a falsified homicide investigation , " Pat Tillman Sr. said .
He later apologized for his role in the cover up .
The Daily News :
The general taking over the Afghan war said Tuesday he was sorry for the coverup of ex-NFL star Pat Tillman 's friendly fire death .
" I was a part of that , and I apologize for it , " Army Lt. Gen. Stanley McChrystal told a Senate hearing .
Tillman was killed by fellow GIs in 2004 as his Ranger unit operated in eastern Afghanistan on the Pakistan border .
McChrystal signed off on a posthumous Silver Star medal for Tillman - who gave up a fortune as a pro football player to join the Army after 9/11 - though he knew it might be fratricide and not a firefight .
It took six probes before his family learned the truth : other troops mistook him for the enemy and shot him as he screamed , " I'm Pat F --- ing Tillman ! "
" There is nothing we can do to automatically restore the trust which was the second casualty , " McChrystal said .
But the general , who commanded the supersecret Joint Special Operations Command then , denied the phony narrative of a raging firefight was anything more sinister than " mistakes " made to honor the famous GI .
And then there is his role in our torture policies .
The Nation :
When an anonymous Army interrogator " at great personal risk " blew the whistle to Esquire in August 2006 on an extensive torture enterprise at Camp Nama , he described the then unknown McChrystal as being an overseer who knew the ugly truth .
Torture at Camp Nama included using ice water to induce hypothermia .
It was not a rogue operation unless we consider Generals like McChrystal " rogues . "
As Esquire reported : Once , somebody brought it up with the colonel .
" Will [ the Red Cross ] ever be allowed in here ? "
And he said absolutely not .
He had this directly from General McChrystal and the Pentagon that there 's no way that the Red Cross could get in -- they wo n't have access and they never will .
This facility was completely closed off to anybody investigating , even Army investigators .
Later in the piece , when asked where the colonel was getting his orders from the interrogator said , " I believe it was a two - star general .
I believe his name was General McChrystal .
I saw him there a couple of times . "
I was watching MSNBC and on Andrea Mitchell 's show , pundits wondered if McChrystal would quit if he did n't get the troops he requested .
You know , I always thought that soldiers were supposed to follow orders .
The president is in charge of the military and serve him .
What would happen to a soldier in Iraq or Afghanistan who refused a direct order ?
I understand that he 's past that pay grade , but he 's way out of line .
Hey , I do n't mind leaks to the media , that 's going to happen , but he 's not acting like a high ranking General should , but with his past , are you surprised ?
In case you were unaware , hackers got into the University of East Anglia ’s Climate Research Unit ( CRU ) servers and published hundreds to thousands of documents and private communications from CRU climate scientists that pertain to climate disruption .
And the climate disruption denial and conservative blogs have subsequently gone completely apeshit over it .
The Wonk Room has a few of the better quotes from the deniers :
“ If you own any shares in alternative energy companies I should start dumping them NOW , ” says the Telegraph ’s James Delingpole .
Hot Air ’s Ed Morrissey claims the emails discuss “ repetitive , false data of higher temperatures . ”
The National Review ’s Chris Horner salivates , “ The blue - dress moment may have arrived . ”
“ The crimes revealed in the e-mails promise to be the global warming scandal of the century , ” blares Michelle Malkin .
The Australia Herald - Sun ’s Andrew Bolt claims the emails are “ proof of a conspiracy which is one of the largest , most extraordinary and most disgraceful in moderrn [ sic ] science . ”
So , do these emails and documents represent proof of a “ conspiracy ” and “ scandal ” ?
At this point it seems highly unlikely , and the more that people look at the illegally - obtained emails and documents , the less likely it will become .
Here ’s why .
First , there has been much ado made about some emails that supposedly talk about “ tricks ” and procedures to “ hide the decline ” , as well as other words used that indicate that the CRU scientists ( and their various correspondents ) were lying about their data ( something that RealClimate discusses ) .
And it ’s much ado about nothing ( with apologies to Shakespeare ) .
I work in electrical engineering where I use words and phrases that , taken out of context , could be misinterpreted as nefarious by people who are ignorant of the context or who have an axe to grind .
For example , I regularly talk about “ fiddling with ” or “ twiddling ” the data , “ faking out ” something , “ messing around with ” testing , and so on .
In the first case , I ’m analyzing the data to see if I can make it make sense or if I can extract the signal from the noise .
In the second case , I ’m often forced to force a piece of electronics into a specific mode manually so I can test it and verify some other function , or I use the phrase to provide artificial test data for calibration and / or verification that my electronics are working correctly .
And in the third case , it usually involves trying to deduce whether a problem is caused by the electronic board I ;m testing or by the equipment that is doing the testing .
Second , it might be unpolitical to say that you ’ll be happy when someone died , or that Steve McIntyre and Anthony Watts are pricks and assholes , but that does n’t make the statements a scandal .
I personally was happy when former Senator Jesse Helms died , and I will probably enjoy a drink of expensive scotch when Marc Morano , James Inhofe , and Steve Milloy kick the bucket .
And I ’ve got no problem calling someone like Joe D’Aleo a liar or Steve Milloy an oxygen thief .
If that makes me a bad person , well , I ’m OK with that .
I expect that most people hold enough contempt for some of their enemies to relish it when they die .
So it ’s not political and it ’s not nice or decent , but it ’s also not scandalous .
It ’s still human , and scientists are just as human as anyone else .
Third and probably most importantly , no matter how much the deniers scream , these emails are n’t likely to reveal any evidence of scientific malfeasance .
And even if they do , there ’s an entire globe of researchers whose independent research has bolstered the case that climate disruption is real and that it ’s predominantly caused by human civilization .
It will take more than even a couple of thousand emails to knock the massive , reinforced scientific foundation that underlies anthropogenic climate disruption .
And let ’s not forget – the emails and documents were obtained illegally .
If there is truly damning information ( such as a critical scientist or three overtly saying stuff along the lines of “ I fudged my data and nobody caught me .
You lost the bet – pay up . ” ) , then the illegality of the release will fade somewhat in the face of other data .
But if not , this hack will be a major problem for not only the hackers who released it but also for all the people who are republishing the emails .
Hacking is illegal , but in some states and countries , releasing private email correspondence is considered breach of privacy and is thus also a crime .
Finally , let ’s point out that some of the people here screaming the loudest from their soapboxes are hypocrites ( such as Michelle Malkin and Ed Morrissey ) .
If the hackers had got into military computers and released private communications , they ’d be screaming for the hackers ’ blood and demanding that any site republishing the emails be brought up on federal charges .
But here they ’re screaming for the victim ’s blood .
If hacking and leaking emails is wrong , then it ’s wrong .
Claiming that it ’s wrong when a leak targets your friends but OK when it targets your enemy makes you a hypocrite and a political hack worthy of nothing but disdain .
There ’s a chance that the hack will end the career of a scientists or two , probably for political reasons .
But the supposedly damning emails the conservatives and deniers are touting are nothing of the sort .
And given how strong the science is , it can survive this latest round of denier dirty tricks .
For anyone interested , here ’s a link to a Memeorandum page where there ’s lots of links about this topic .
Los Angeles Personal Injury Lawyers
Greene Broillet & Wheeler , LLP , is a Los Angeles personal injury law firm dedicated to helping victims of serious accidents recover physically and financially from the harm they suffered due to another ’s negligence .
We concentrate our efforts on representing people who have been seriously injured by the negligent , reckless or intentional conduct of another .
Our experience covers the full range of personal injury and business litigation issues , including car accidents , legal malpractice , and insurance bad faith .
What gives our clients a clear advantage , whether at the settlement table or at trial , is that we have the legal talent and financial resources to present a solid case for financial recovery after an accident .
If you ’ve been catastrophically injured or Need Legal Advice or GUIDANCE , we want to help .
Call ( 866 ) 634-4525 today .
Welcome to the ninth issue of The Left Fold , a weekly programming news and article digest .
Flickr Does n't Branch : how they do continuous integration and develop new features without branching .
( reddit )
Pitfalls of Object - Oriented Programming : highlights the memory impact of OO techniques in the context of graphics rendering .
Summary starts on page 108 .
Making GHC's I/O Manager More Scalable : a quick look into how GHC supports lightweight threads that do n't block when performing I/O .
Unladen Swallow project no longer optimistic about removing the GIL : the project aiming to improve CPython 's performance has recently updated its plan with a pessimistic outlook on removing the lock that prevents threads from executing simultaneously in the same process .
Python , Surprise Me ! : a series of inconsistencies .
Why BASIC is Still Relevant : little explanation of the machinery necessary .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars.com
December 17 , 2009
Peter Schiff , the stock broker , Libertarian economist , and the son of imprisoned tax protester Irwin Schiff , has come out in favor of attacking the state of Iran if it has nuclear weapons in its possession .
“ I might have gone into Afghanistan to get Bin Laden , ” Schiff admits in an interview taped last month .
“ But I would n’t have been there to occupy the country .
I might have gone into Iraq if I thought there was weapons of mass destruction there .
If we had intelligence that we knew where they were I might have gone in to take them out , just like we think Iran might be building nuclear weapons .
Well , if we really believe that , if we really think that , we tell the Iranians : ‘ This is where we think those weapons are , you need to let our inspectors in there . ’
If they do n’t let us in , just blow the place up . ”
Schiff is advocating the same foreign policy as the Bush administration neocons .
If he sincerely believes in neocon gunboat diplomacy , the people should not allow him to enter government .
He also repeats the neocon myth that ex-CIA asset Osama Bin Laden was responsible for the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on the United States .
In May of this year , Schiff told his followers that he plans to challenge incumbent Connecticut Senator Christopher Dodd in 2010 .
Schiff told the Washington Post that a run against Dodd is “ better than 50 - 50 . ”
He also told The Daily Show with Jon Stewart in June that he was considering a challenge .
In September on MSNBC ’s Morning Joe Show , Schiff officially announced his candidacy as a Republican .
He also announced his intention to run in a vblog posted on YouTube .
“ I plan to bring my dedication and experience to the taxpayers of Connecticut .
I may make mistakes in this campaign — but I will not make mistakes in representing you in the Senate .
I look forward to an exciting race where I can share my vision with the people of Connecticut , ” he stated in a press release dated November 17 .
Peter Schiff has already made the biggest mistake of his campaign by embracing a neocon foreign policy .
Mr. Schiff has apparently not studied the issues surrounding the Iraq invasion .
Prior to the illegal invasion of Iraq , numerous researchers and experts disputed the neocon claim there were WMDs in Iraq .
In the wake of the invasion , a 1,700 - member group organized by the Pentagon and CIA to hunt for the alleged stockpiles of WMD reported that Saddam ordered his arsenal ( sold to him by the U.S. and European countries as I documented in 2002 ) of chemical and biological weapons destroyed in 1991 and 1992 and halted nuclear weapons development in the hope this would help lift murderous sanctions imposed on the county by the United Nations and largely enforced by the United States and Britain .
[ efoods ]
Additional findings published in the report by arms inspector Charles Duelfer and presented to the Senate Armed Services Committee in October of 2004 revealed that 1 ) aluminum tubes that the Bush administration alleged were for nuclear weapons production were for making conventional artillery rockets , 2 ) Iraq did not try to buy uranium overseas , and 3 ) there was absolutely no evidence that Iraq was developing biological weapons trailers or rail cars ( the trailers touted by the Bush neocons and Secretary of State Colin Powell were in fact for producing hydrogen gas for weather balloons ) .
Is it possible Mr. Schiff is unaware that the neocons concocted all of this as a flimsy pretext to invade Iraq ?
If so , he certainly does not deserve to be Connecticut ’s next senator .
Chris Dodd may be a minion of the New World Order , but he is not advocating invading Iran or making excuses for the illegal and immoral invasion of Iraq ( current death toll : well over a million innocent Iraqis ) .
It should be noted , however , Dodd advocates sanctions against Iran .
In February of 2007 , he opposed Bush administration rhetoric against Iran and advocated “ robust diplomacy and direct negotiations coupled with economic pressures on Iran ’s financial and energy sectors . ”
Schiff , on the other hand , simply wants to blow the hell out of the country if “ inspectors ” ( and by this he must mean United Nations inspectors ) find evidence the country is developing nuclear weapons .
Meanwhile , Peter Schiff says nothing about Israel , a country in the region with a documented nuclear weapons program and a sizable weapons stockpile ( currently estimated at around 400 warheads ) .
As noted by award winning journalist Seymour Hersh and others , Israel has , under the direction of its radical Zionist leadership , modified its so - called “ Samson Option ” of nuclear deterrence to one of nuclear intimidation in order “ to redraw the political map of the Middle East . ”
According to Israel Shahak , “ Israel clearly prepares itself to seek overtly a hegemony over the entire Middle East … without hesitating to use for the purpose all means available , including nuclear ones . ”
In September , Mohamed ElBaradei , the outgoing director general of the International Atomic Energy Agency , once again stated he had seen “ no credible evidence ” that Iran is developing nuclear weapons .
In early December , Russian Prime Minister and possible 2012 Presidential contender , Vladimir Putin , said his government has no evidence of Iran trying to build a nuclear weapon .
Again , it should be stated that Schiff did not say in his interview that Iran has nuclear weapons .
He said that if it is discovered the country has nuclear weapons it should be attacked in defiance of international law .
On economic issues , Peter Schiff is spot on .
As an adherent of Austrian economics , he has correctly observed that government and Federal Reserve economic policies are the problem , not the solution .
He advocates the gold standard and sound money .
However , his neocon foreign policy ideas overshadow his economic philosophy and make him a dangerous political candidate .
If elected , Peter Schiff may indeed turn out to be another crazed neocon calling for the United States to invade small and defenseless countries on cooked up pretense .
In 2010 , the people of Connecticut need to reject Mr. Schiff ’s bid for a Senate seat unless he denounces the comments made in the above interview and promises the people of Connecticut and the United States he will not act as a warmonger and international outlaw if elected to serve .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
As I posted over on Kotaku , This looks incredible !
That said , it 's not roleplaying .
It is more of a hybrid of board game , video game , and D&D .
You can already see where players are getting bogged down in the semantics of the combat system , instead of laying to the strength of RPGs : Complete freedom and a GM who can make decisions on any action .
With this system , you are eliminating player creativity and role playing from the mix .
Though I understand many players already play that way ( come to think of it , the guys at Penny Arcade seem to treat it like a board game already ) ...
An example of gameplay you wo n't see with this product :
GM : You see 4 orcs approaching from the north .
There is a large boulder in the clearing between you and them , as well as numerous trees .
P1 : ( Ranger ) I climb into one of the trees to get a better vantage for shooting them , as well as for protection .
GM : OK , make a climb roll .
P2 : ( Fighter ) I run towards the boulder , I want to vault over it and surprise attack them .
GM : You 're not going to be able to run to the boulder , vault over it , and still be able to attack them .
P3 : ( Mage ) I 'll cast haste on the fighter to double up his movement and give him an extra partial action .
GM : OK , now you can take that action fighter .
Count off your movement , and make an acrobatics roll once you get to the boulder to vault over .
P4 : ( Theif ) I charge with the fighter , staying out of sight , but sounding the warhorn we took off those bandits to try and confuse the orcs into thinking there are more of us than they see ...
“ Linux is just a kernel . ”
It ’s a commonly heard refrain amongst the arguments put forward by BSD Unix aficionados , and it is a true statement , but it is all too often abused to try to make a fallacious point .
FreeBSD , NetBSD , and OpenBSD are complete core operating system projects .
Each of these projects has integral to it the concept of a “ base system ” , which consists of the kernel , basic userland , et cetera .
The Linux project itself is only the kernel , by contrast ; to make a complete operating system , you need to add a bunch of stuff from outside the Linux project .
Many people and organizations have done so , resulting in a plethora of what are known as “ Linux distributions ” .
These distributions , or “ distros ” , of Linux vary significantly from one case to the next .
A typical BSD - oriented list of differences between a BSD Unix OS and Linux will point out that “ Linux is just a kernel , ” with a wide variety of distributions being built on top of it , then go on to explain how ( to quote the FreeBSD and Linux post at RootBSD ) :
While this gives you a lot of choices , the existence of so many distributions also makes it difficult to use different distros since they are all a little bit different .
Distributions do n’t just differ in ease - of install and available programs ; they also differ in directory layout , configuration practices , default software bundles , and most importantly the tools and procedures for software updates and patches .
This represents something of a double - standard .
Each Linux distribution is its own separate OS , just as each BSD Unix system is its own OS .
The difference between “ Linux ” and a given BSD Unix OS is that the various Linux - based operating systems share a kernel , rather than that the Linux kernel ’s OS context varies from case to case .
If you want to make a point about how skills particular to one Linux distribution do not necessarily transfer to another Linux distribution , and compare it to the BSD Unix tradition , you should also explain how skills particular to one BSD Unix system do not necessarily transfer to another BSD Unix system .
Viewed in this light , one might actually come to the conclusion that the Linux distributions ’ way of doing things is superior , because having the same kernel suggests that they actually homogenize the admin/user and developer experience slightly more than the BSD Unix systems might .
There are very real benefits to the “ base system ” approach taken by the major BSD Unix options , but this is not in fact one of them , and I believe that dragging this canard out every time someone tries to point out the benefits of some BSD Unix OS over “ Linux ” — treating Linux like a singular OS that ca n’t be trusted across distributions to be the same , while stating that Linux is n’t really an OS as support for this supposed problem — actually hurts the cause of raising awareness of , and interest in , the BSD Unix OSes .
While this kind of thing might make one feel warm and fuzzy to say , as all cases of preaching to the converted do , its effect on “ outsiders ” ( the supposed audience of BSD Unix vs. Linux writings ) will likely be to make them less interested in BSD Unix alternatives to their Linux - based systems .
I had such a negative reaction to such claims back when I was still using Linux - based systems for almost everything , and had never done more than the most superficial things with FreeBSD .
When someone makes a hypocritical claim like that , it drives those who are not already convinced to think poorly of the following arguments .
This is one reason arguments should strive as much as possible to be fair and honest ; when they are not , and people discover this fact , any additional arguments from the same source tend to be more quickly ( and perhaps unfairly ) dismissed .
Luckily , in my case , the audience was someone who is willing to look past a flaw in one argument to see whether there is value in other , associated arguments .
I saw such value , and that ( combined with licensing ) eventually compelled me to give FreeBSD a shot for everyday use when Debian finally pissed me off enough to pull up stakes and move on .
Most people are not so reasonable , however .
In short , if we want to talk about the differences between Linux distributions when trying to advertise for FreeBSD or any other BSD Unix system , we really need to compare apples to apples — FreeBSD vs. Debian or Fedora , and the whole collection of BSD Unix OSes vs. the whole collection of Linux distribution OSes .
Otherwise , we run the risk of presenting an argument that will have the opposite of the intended effect on the audience , thanks to its fallacious presentation .
There ’s little point in using this as an argument for , e.g. , FreeBSD vs. “ Linux ” when one could make the same argument ( a single , consistent OS vs. a number of “ confusing ” differences ) for Debian vs. “ BSD ” .
If you are intent on talking some Linux distribution ’s user into giving your BSD Unix system of choice a fair shake , I implore you : do n’t use this bad argument .
If you must talk about the fact “ Linux is just a kernel , ” talk about closer integration between the kernel and the other components of the base system than you might encounter in a Linux distribution , or major version updates for kernel and userland utilities happening at the same time , or really anything that might provide a real , beneficial difference between the BSD Unix family of OSes and the Linux distribution family of OSes .
Please .
What ’s this guy thinking ?
Does he know what I know ?
Most of us develop the ability to make inferences about what other people might be thinking , the hallmark of “ theory of mind , ” at age four .
Scientists have long known that the acquisition of language plays a role in this process , but so far it had been unclear whether social experience could substitute for it .
A new study suggests it cannot .
Jennie Pyers of Wellesley College and her colleagues studied deaf adults in Nicaragua .
Some of the participants had learned an early , rudimentary form of Nicaraguan sign language ( NSL ) , whereas others were fluent in a more sophisticated form of NSL that included mental state terms , such as “ know ” and “ think . ”
Pyers and her team had all signers undergo a so - called false - belief test in which signers looked at a sequence of pictures showing two boys playing in a room and storing a toy underneath a bed .
After one of the boys leaves the room , the other moves the toy to a different location .
Study participants then had to choose between two pictures to complete the series : the first showed the returning boy looking for the toy in its original location on reentering the room , and the second showed him looking in its new location .
Those Nicaraguans with complex sign language skills were more likely to choose the first picture — indicating an understanding of false belief — than were those with less developed language skills .
Moreover , after a two - year period during which early signers improved their NSL knowledge , they performed better at the false - belief task .
The findings support the hypothesis that although an implicit understanding of other people ’s knowledge and belief states develops early in life , advanced language is needed “ to unlock the ability to productively use it , ” Pyers says .
Note :
This story was originally published with the title " Reading Minds "
SAN FRANCISCO 
Twenty - six students were arrested at San Francisco State University before dawn on Thursday after some students barricaded themselves inside a building to protest budget cuts and tuition increases across the state ’s public university system .
“ The doors were locked with chains from the inside so police broke through a window to get in , ” a university spokeswoman , Ellen Griffin , said .
“ We ’re approaching final exams and the end of the semester , and as many as 3,200 students have classes in that building . ”
On Wednesday , classes in the building were canceled after the occupation began .
Along with indignation over budget cuts , a blog listing the protesters ’ demands included forgiveness of all student loans and ending the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq .
With demands far beyond the purview of school administrators , negotiations with the students was nearly impossible , Ms. Griffin said .
The students occupied the three - story building for about 24 hours before the police took them into custody .
They were charged with misdemeanors and released , Ms. Griffin said .
Thirteen students were arrested inside the administration and classroom building , and 13 were arrested protesting outside .
Sol :: Tutorials
Sol 's Graphics for Beginners
00 - Introduction
( last revised 8 . August 2005 )
Note : the permanent address to this tutorial is http://iki.fi/sol/gp/
- please use that as a link .
When I was starting graphics programming on the PC , things were a lot simpler than they are these days .
For instance , if you wanted to get to a graphics mode , all you needed to do was to type in a couple of cryptic lines , like so :
_asm { mov ax , 13h int 10h }
After this , the graphics mode was 320 pixels wide , 200 pixels high , had 256 colors , and the " screen " was a linear array of bytes at a static address ( ( unsigned char * ) 0xa0000 ) .
Note that there was no reason to actually understand what the abovementioned lines did .
Okay , the mode had a palette and changing the palette was a bit trickier , but basically everything you needed to start could be explained in a dozen or so code lines .
So , I 'm writing this tutorial for those who might want to take a more ' traditional ' introduction to graphics , instead of taking the more common direct3d / opengl approach .
As a warning , this is not a tutorial in ' C ' .
However , if you 're familiar with java , php , jscript , or some other language that has a similar syntax , you should be fine .
However , you may want to keep a c tutorial handy .
( Some readers may find my boolean / bit masking / bit modification tutorial useful ) .
I 'll use SDL as the graphics library .
Instructions to set up are included for Visual C/C++ 6.0 , Visual Studio .
NET2003 and Bloodshed Dev-C++ 5 on the Windows platform , linux in general , and Mac OS X .
Other versions of visual studio may work a bit differently , as will any other compiler suites , but the code itself should mostly work as is .
Oh , and the code should work pretty much as is under other operating systems , too .
This tutorial is suitable for people who are learning programming by themselves , or who already know how to program but do n't know much about graphics .
Programming students may also use it as additional material for programming courses .
Bored of those dry programming assignments ?
Maybe it 's time to try something fun .
I aim to provide some simple , understandable routines , and some hints to what can be done to play with the routines .
Playing here is the key ; if you find that you can actually have fun programming , learning becomes much more interesting .
Or , that way it has been to me .
Later on in the tutorial , we 'll build one complete game , step by step , from scratch to polish .
Before we start , make sure your development environment is up to date ( for VC6 , get the latest service pack ) , and that you have downloaded SDL 1.2 from http://www.libsdl.org/.
For Windows development you 'll need the " development libraries " for Visual C++.
For this tutorial , I 'm using 1.2.7 ( as it's the latest available as of this writing ) , but any other 1.2 version should be compatible .
You 'll need the package even if you 're using Dev - C ++.
For Mac OS
X development , you 'll need both the " development libraries " and the " runtime libraries " .
After that , you can journey onwards to 01 - Setting Up SDL ..
Having problems ?
Improvement ideas ?
Just want to discuss this tutorial ?
Try the forums !
Any comments etc. can be emailed to me .
Legalese , for those who want to know :
Above is the output of the raytracer .
Below is a diagnostic mode showing which goroutines raytraced which section of the screen .
Each goroutine has its own color to outline the pixels it traces :
It runs single - threaded about 1/ 2 the speed of a comparable C++ version .
I guess the C++ version benefits from a more optimizing compiler and the ability to inline small functions .
Compared to ordinary C/C++ , the Go version was easier to multithread .
On my dual - core Macbook Pro I get an 1.80 x speedup when running with GOMAXPROCS > 1 :
$ GOMAXPROCS=1 time ./ gotrace 1.52 real 1.50 user 0.01 sys $ GOMAXPROCS=2 time ./ gotrace 0.82 real 1.50 user 0.01 sys $ GOMAXPROCS=3 time ./ gotrace 0.81 real 1.50 user 0.01 sys
On an eight - core , 16 Hyperthread HP Z600 running Ubuntu 9.10 , ( with the source code changed to use 16 goroutines instead of the default 8 goroutines ) I get a 5.8 x speedup :
$ GOMAXPROCS=1 time ./ gotrace 1.05user 0.01system 0:01.06elapsed 99%CPU ( 0avgtext+0avgdata 0 maxresident ) k 0inputs+1544outputs ( 0 major+2128minor ) pagefaults 0swaps $ GOMAXPROCS=16 time ./ gotrace 1.32user 0.00system 0:00.18elapsed 702%CPU ( 0avgtext+0avgdata 0 maxresident ) k 0inputs+1544outputs ( 0 major+2190 minor ) pagefaults 0swaps
Source code gotracer.zip
I wrote a simple multi- threaded ray tracer in Google 's new " go " language .
It 's an adaptation of Flying Frog Consultancy 's Raytracer
In Dubai , I rented a helicopter , said Sergei share , flying over the complex World , being built with palm hotel Atlantis headed , urban skyscrapers , stables , Sheikh , the hotel - sail , the Burj Al Arab , the largest shopping mall and the Mall of Dubai , of course , next to the tallest building in the world – Burj Dubai .
Helicopter Eurocopter EC130 can accommodate 6 passengers – 2 front and 4 rear .
But in this case can not be sure that you will get a place to come .
Therefore had to charter the entire helicopter .
Now , take a look on beautiful photos from this trip …
/>
From : sergeydolya.livejournal.com
Check more Daily News
The Depression - era Glass - Steagall
Act may live again , if Senators John McCain ( R - AZ ) and Maria Cantwell ( D - WA ) have anything to say about it .
Glass - Steagall , introduced in 1933 , separated commercial and investment banking , essentially prohibiting institutions from using consumers ’ deposits for risky bets on the stock market — one of the main causes of the depression , it ’s proponents said .
However , it was repealed in 1999 with passage of the Gramm - Leach - Bliley Act .
ADVERTISEMENT
Were it reintroduced today , it could fundamentally change the structure of many U.S. financial institutions .
The senators ’ proposal was echoed by a failed amendment sponsored by “ Maurice Hinchey of New York , John Conyers of Michigan , Peter DeFazio of Oregon , Jay Inslee of Washington , and John Tierney of Massachusetts , ” according to Shahien Nasiripour , writing for Huffington Post .
“ The law ’s repeal ushered in an era marked by big banks getting even bigger , ” he continued .
“ The country ’s four largest — Bank of America , JPMorgan Chase , Citigroup and Wells Fargo – now control more than half of the nation ’s mortgages , two - thirds of credit cards and two - fifths of all bank deposits . ”
While over 50 financial regulatory reforms are being considered in the United States and Europe , not a single one would truly “ transform ” market operation , Bloomberg reported .
Even John S. Reed , former co-CEO of Citigroup , agrees that Congress was wrong to repeal Glass - Steagall , the publication continued .
“ Resurrecting Glass - Steagall would reduce the need for the taxpayer bailouts that added between 9 percent and 49 percent to the profits of the 18 biggest U.S. banks in 2009 , according to Dean Baker , co-director of the Center for Economic & Policy Research in Washington , ” Bloomberg added .
ADVERTISEMENT
Think Progress noted : “ Plus , House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer ( D - MD ) said today that House Democrats are ‘ considering reinstituting the Depression - era Glass - Steagall Act , ’ which placed a regulatory wall between depository institutions and investment banks , preventing financial conglomerations like Citigroup from coming into being ‘ As someone who voted to repeal Glass - Steagall , maybe that was a mistake , ’ Hoyer said . ”
The Obama administration is opposed to a reinstatement of Glass - Stegall .
To that effect , Newsweek added :
Obama administration officials have dismissed the idea that the financial sector should or can be changed in more fundamental ways than they are now proposing .
You ca n’t turn back the clock , they say , and the new requirements they plan to impose on big banks to hold more capital in reserve , put up $ 150 billion for a rainy - day rescue fund , and disclose more of their risky trades should be enough to keep the financial sector from imploding again .
Many of these requirements , among others , are contained in two giant bills making their way through Congress — one that passed the House last week and another that will be debated in the Senate in the new year .
“ I think going back to Glass - Steagall would be like going back to the Walkman , ” says one senior Treasury official .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Senator Carter Glass , a former Treasury secretary and the founder of the U.S. Federal Reserve System , was the primary force behind [ Glass - Steagall ] , ” explained Investopedia , a Forbes Digital company .
“ Henry Bascom Steagall was a House of Representatives member and chairman of the House Banking and Currency Committee .
Steagall agreed to support the act with Glass after an amendment was added permitting bank deposit insurance ( this was the first time it was allowed ) . ”
I ’ve discovered there is a small scientific literature on the cognitive science of belly dancing .
Yes , I know I should be doing something else with my time , but it ’s too late now and it ’s too good not to share .
A group of movement researchers studied which fundamental action abilities were the best predictors of belly dancing skills in 1st - 4th grade students and , in another study , in 5th and 6th grade students .
Rhythmic coordination seems to be a key skill across most age groups .
Belly dancer ’s myclonus is a condition where damage to the parts of the nervous system that control muscle coordination cause an involuntary stomach rippling effect that belly dancers strive to achieve .
It is thought to be a problem with neural systems called ‘ central pattern generators ’ ( CPGs ) that create rhythmic pulses .
Jimmy
Or is a robotics researcher who used what we know about the neuroscience of central pattern generators to create a belly dancing humanoid robot with a flexible spine .
You can see it in action on his website .
This is not a Toy This product has not been classified as a toy , and therefore is not intended for children .
Recyclable Packaging
Made from materials that can easily be recycled if disposed of correctly .
Plastic Recycling Type -6
Please be responsible and recycle any unwanted plastic product or packaging .
PS is a Type - 6 plastic , other products that use this type of plastic include egg cartons and disposable cutlery .
Your local recycling centre will have the capability to recycle this type of plastic .
Sabra Lane reported this story on Wednesday , November 18 , 2009 08:06:00
TONY EASTLEY : Independent Senator Nick Xenophon has used parliamentary privilege to launch a scathing attack on the Church of Scientology .
Last night , the Senator tabled seven letters from former members of the church that alleged extensive criminal activity , claims of blackmail and coerced abortions .
He 's urged the Senate to set up an inquiry into the church , and review the organisation 's tax free status .
Sabra Lane reports .
SABRA LANE : The Church of Scientology has always been veiled in secrecy and controversy since it was founded by science fiction author L. Ron Hubbard in 1953 .
Last night Independent Senator Nick Xenophon used parliamentary privilege to raise claims of physical intimidation , blackmail , coerced abortions and cover-up .
NICK XENOPHON : Scientology is not a religious organisation ; it is a criminal organisation that hides behind its so - called religious beliefs .
The letters received by me which were written by former followers in Australia contains extensive allegations of crimes and abuses that are truly shocking - crimes against them , and crimes they say they were coerced into committing .
There are allegations of false imprisonment , coerced abortions and embezzlement of church funds .
SABRA LANE : Senator Xenophon tabled seven letters during his speech from ex-church members , he 's met six of them face - to face and the seventh he 's spoken to on the phone .
He says all of them are willing to co-operate with police and he 's handed their correspondence to the New South Wales and Australian Federal Police .
Senator Xenophon says he 's received letters from many more former followers , who are too afraid to be identified or talk with authorities .
The Senator also spoke about former member Paul Schofield , who claims to have perjured himself to police about the deaths of his two daughters , for fear of recrimination from church leaders .
NICK XENOPHON : Under incredible pressure he agreed to lie because he was scared he would be heavily punished by Scientology if he told the truth .
It 's a decision he regrets to this day .
SABRA LANE : The Independent MP says it 's time for an inquiry into the church , including a review of its tax free status
NICK XENOPHON : I ask my fellow Senators , do these things sound like religious activities to you ?
Does this sound like an organisation that should be receiving support from the Australian taxpayer in the form of tax exemptions because they claim to be a religion ?
That 's why I 'm calling for a Senate inquiry into this organisation and its tax exempt status .
This is not about religious freedom , in Australia there are no limits on what you can believe , but there are limits on how you can behave - it 's called the law and no one is above it .
SABRA LANE : Cyrus Brooks is a spokesman for the Church of Scientology .
CYRUS BROOKS : It 's an outrageous abuse of parliamentary privilege from a Senator who would not even meet with us several months ago to discuss his concerns .
SABRA LANE : I 've spoken with the Senator 's office this morning , and the office says that offer has never been made .
CYRUS BROOKS :
That 's totally untrue , and he 's actually not responded to a single letter of , scientologists have written in .
Not just the church , but individual scientologists were outraged by his statements months ago , and he 's marginalised Australian scientologists by actually not responding to any single letter from them .
SABRA LANE :
These are very serious allegations .
CYRUS BROOKS :
Well the allegations are , actually , we need to get the information ourselves from the Parliament because they have not been made to us .
These people have written in but they have not written in to us on these things so .
SABRA LANE :
Is the church willing to open its books and cooperate with a police investigation ?
CYRUS BROOKS : We 've always been willing to cooperate with any authorities on any concerns that are brought up .
TONY EASTLEY : Church of Scientology spokesman Cyrus Brooks ending that report by Sabra Lane .
Lerner made it clear to the packed courtroom that he considered the assault on Sale " savage and cowardly . "
He said the ruling was based on the transcript of the testimony - particularly evidence from the autopsy - of the Aug. 5 preliminary hearing in Municipal Court .
AMs from four parties ( from top left , clockwise ) : Jane Davidson , Helen Mary Jones , Jenny Randerson , Angela Burns
A warning has been given that the high level of women in the Welsh assembly 's is at risk at its next election .
The near - 50 % number of female Assembly Members could drop below 30 % in 2011 amid retirements and changes in party selection procedures .
The Institute of Welsh Affairs ( IWA ) also identifies women AMs with slim majorities who could lose to men .
The report concludes that the " feminisation of the assembly 's style , tone and working pattern is at risk " .
In 2003 , 30 of the 60 members were women , which rose to 31 after a by - election in 2006 .
Now the IWA has warned that the current tally of 28 women AMs is poised to fall to 20 or fewer at the next election .
There is an underbelly of discrimination in all aspects of Welsh public life
Professor Laura McAllister Labour 's women
AMs currently outnumber its men by 16 to 10 , but the party has stopped using all - women shortlists - although constituency parties choose from a balanced list of men and women .
Plaid Cymru has dropped a policy of putting female candidates first on its regional lists .
Instead , first - placed Plaid candidates must be followed by someone of the opposite sex .
The report highlights seats where sitting female Labour AMs have slim majorities and could be challenged by men .
It estimates a female membership of about 30 % would be close to the " critical mass it is generally agreed necessary to ensure that the culture of an organisation remains reasonably feminised " .
But the reports adds : " If this trend were to continue in subsequent elections then the boasts of a number of leading politicians , made in the early years of devolution , that Wales was leading the world in achieving gender balance in its politics , will have been short - lived . "
' Abject nonsense ' IWA Women group chair Professor Laura McAllister said Wales was " in danger of retreating to its traditional male dominance of politics and public life as a result of many assuming the battle is won on gender equality " .
" Women remain marginalised in terms of public representation in Wales and the giant strides forward made after devolution look extremely vulnerable after 2011 , " she said .
Prof McAllister added : " There is an underbelly of discrimination in all aspects of Welsh public life as regards gender , amongst other things .
We do have to ... make sure women take their rightful place in all aspects of Welsh public life
Kirsty Williams AM , leader , Welsh Liberal Democrats
" The figures for Wales and the National Assembly actually belie some pretty awful statistics in other fields .
" Only eight of our 40 MPs are women and half of those were selected through all - women shortlists .
" Only a quarter of our local councillors are women , 90 % of our council leaders are men : need I go on ?
" This idea that there 's a meritocracy is quite abject nonsense . "
Cardiff North Labour MP Julie Morgan said the " important " report showed " we 've got to be vigilant all the time about keeping a good gender balance " .
" In Labour we 've had two selections where women have been replaced by men and I think we 've just got to be aware of this when we 're doing our next selections and try to make sure that the really good record that we 've got in the assembly is kept up , " she said .
' Rightful place '
Wales 's first female party leader , Liberal Democrat AM Kirsty Williams , said the Lib Dems had " rejected any form of positive action for women " and were " taking softer measures " to encourage gender balance .
" We 've established a diversity fund , which helps women financially if finance is a barrier to seeking selection as well as looking at individual mentoring schemes and we 've changed our selection process by which people are approved as candidates ...[ to make it ] very much skills - based rather than experience - based , " she said .
" We know that there are very talented women in all political parties and in public life in general who are not getting to the top because there is discrimination within the political process and within political parties .
" We do have to find ways in which we can break through that and make sure women take their rightful place in all aspects of Welsh public life , " Ms Williams added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
> Home > My Weiqi Pages > Largest Capture That Still Cannot Live
Largest Capture That Still Cannot Live
There are a number of life - and - death problems with the following theme : despite capturing a large chain of stones , the group still cannot live .
A challenge here is to construct such life - and - death problems involving a capture of a chain as large as possible .
What is the largest such capture that is possible in such problems ?
This is currently an open problem .
About three hundred years ago , the Igo Hatsuyoron contained a problem that involves the sacrifice of a 16 - stone chain .
This record was only broken a few years ago , on 2004 May 1 , when Robert Pauli posted a slightly modified form of the Igo Hatsuyoron problem involving a 17 - stone capture .
The current record is 18 stones , posted on 2009 September 10 by " asmobia " , which is also a slight modification of Robert 's problem .
Inspired by these record breaking attempts , I constructed another life - and - death problem involving killing a group after sacrificing a 18 - stone chain , and posted it on Sensei 's Library one day later .
While not a record breaking event , my problem is very different from the others , and currently shares the top spot .
My problem is shown below .
Problem
Black to kill all White stones .
Solution
Black 1 is necessary to prevent
White from making two eyes here .
White 2 captures 18 Black stones .
Black 3 is the next key point , making miai of White 4 and Black 5 are miai , giving White no eye at the top edge .
Despite White 6 , the large
White group has only one eye in the center .
This is one line of resistance .
The second line of resistance reverts to the previous diagram .
Connecting at White 8 here does not make two eyes either .
For a list of the largest capture problem constructions , please go to this page on Sensei 's Library .
Moody's : US And UK May No Longer Be " Triple - A "
Sovereign debt problems in Dubai , Ireland , and Iceland have forced the credit rating agencies to keep a sharp eye on national debt .
There have been some warnings that high deficits in the UK might cause its debt to be downgraded from “ Triple - A ” status .
Moody ’s is looking at the debt of both the US and UK and does not like what it sees , according to recent data from the credit agency
According to The Wall Street Journal , “ Moody ’s released the report as part of an effort , spurred by investor demand , to examine the creditworthiness of the world ’s most highly rated countries .
There are 17 such “ triple - A ” - rated countries , ranging from the U.S. to Australia . ”
US debt could be downgraded within three or four years .
In theory , a lower debt rating would mean that the federal government would have to pay higher interest rates on money it borrows in the global capital markets .
The rating of US debt will obviously be based on whether the economy rebounds enough so that the government can cut spending and the size of the national debt no longer grows at break neck speed .
The problem the US has is a “ Catch 22 ” .
It can raise taxes and hope that Treasury receipts will improve so the federal government can cut its pool of red ink .
Higher taxes could push down corporate profits and personal earning power , driving the economy back into a recession .
The results of that recession would almost certainly be a renewed call for federal stimulus spending and lower taxes .
The government could also increase stimulus spending now making the gamble that pushing enough liquidity into the market and creating jobs will put GDP back on a 3 % or 4 % growth path next year and in 2011 .
That may work , and if it does , the rising tax base will help decrease the size of the deficit and make it possible that the national debt could actually begin to fall toward the end of the next decade .
The US has two choice , both fundamental and time - honored approaches to cutting deficit spending long - term .
Unfortunately , there is no way to predict which will work which means the US debt rating and the interest rates Americans may have to pay are both at risk .
Douglas A. McIntyre
A Saudi female journalist stirred a row in Egypt after publishing an article in favor of polyandry for women .
The piece , published in the al - Masri al - Yaum newspaper , promotes the notion that women should be allowed to marry several partners , similarly to the right enjoyed by Muslim men .
According to Islamic law , a man is allowed to be married to four different women at any given time , as long as he treats them equally .
However , journalist Nadin al - Badir suggested that polyandry be permitted to both women and men .
The female writer also proposed that Muslim men be banned from marrying more women merely because they are bored with their current partners .
According to a BBC report Friday , a parliament member already filed a lawsuit against the newspaper for publishing the provocative item .
As could be expected , the article also elicited angry responses among Muslim clerics , who argued that the ideas presented in it are anti-Islamic and that the journalist had no right to attack tradition .
However , one cleric defended the article , claiming that it did not constitute an attempt to promote polyandry among women , but rather , it aimed to expose readers to the suffering of women as result of their husbands ' conduct .
CRT Calibration Guide
WinDAS White Point Balance guide for Sony Trinitron CRTs
Finally received my FW900 from Ebay ,
The box was packed extremely well with a thick barrier of bubble wrap around it .
The monitor bezel has a scratch but the glass / screen itself is in perfect condition .
( Update : I was able to mostly cover up the bezel scratch using a silver colored sharpie , it was a close color match but not perfect ) Picture quality on this thing is AWESOME I was very pleased to find the Geometry and Convergence in near perfect condition after looking at various test patterns .
Also the overall Focus is excellent corner to corner .
It seems as if this monitor wasnt used very much or it just aged very well , I cant see any notable flaws in the picture quality , I havent really messed with it gaming & movie wise but I was just playing FarCry @ 1900x1200 and it looked amazing , I think I got an excellent deal @ $ 400 shipped , especially considering this monitor retailed for $ 2,300 new .
Few pics I took , digital camera does n't really do it justice tho :( courtesy of atwix ) : http://hardforum.com/showpost.php?p=1039320979&postcount=8742 ( courtesy of spacediver ) : http://hardforum.com/showthread.php?t=1830788
Sony Product Page ( product datasheet , user 's manual , driver ) .
The monitor is 16:10 aspect ratio .
The following resolutions are 16:10:1280x8001600x10001680x10501760x11001840x11501920x12002048x12802304x1440
( Max resolution listed in the FW900 product datasheet
If you can't select these resolutions , make sure the monitor driver is installed ( included with Windows XP or you can download it at the link above ) .
If certain resolutions are still not available , you can add custom resolutions easily via NVIDIA 's " Custom Resolution and Refresh Rates " control panel .
ATi users may need to use a 3rd party application such as " Powerstrip " if their preferred 16:10 resolution is unavailable .
When you first unpack and power up your monitor , do not worry if black levels and color areoff .
Let it warm up for about 30 minutes .
After thirty minutes in the powered - on state ( do n't let the monitor enter " sleep " mode ) , the " Image Restore " option becomes available under the " Expert " and " sRGB " color settings menu .
Set your preferred color temperature in the Expert area and then activate the " Image Restore " option .
Your colors should then " pop " into place .its also good to turn up the monitors Brightness setting before running Image restore , For example I normally run mine at around 25 but before running Image restore
Ill turn it up to 50 , Then back down after running it .
Doing this normally gives the brightness setting a wider range , especially if you 're currently having to run the monitor at a low brightness setting to achieve good black levels .
If you notice a " green tinge " to greys and blacks , do the " Image Restore " procedure above .
But first , raise the Brightness setting for your monitor appreciably above where you 'd normally like it .
Then , do the " Image Restore " operation .
If you have a yellowish ( or other color ) " tinge " in one or more corners of your display ( but the rest of the display is fine ) , adjust the " landing " setting for the affected corner in the monitor 's setup menu .
Sony specs state that the ' standard image area ' calls for 1 / 2 " of black space on top / bottom and 1/4 " total on the sides .
This gives a 1.59 x :1 aspect ratio .
Close enough for government work .
So , adjusting your image area completely to the corners is n't recommended if you want a completely pure 16:10 aspect ratio ( round circles ) .
But really , it 's hard to notice either way .
So far , nobody in this thread has noticed any improvement from using them .
But , if you want to be sure you 're getting the best possible video signal to your monitor , you can try getting this high - quality BNC cable .
A high - quality cable has heavily shielded individual signal wires as early as possible in the cable run rather than a standard VGA cable that only breaks out into the five individual wires over the last few inches of the cable .
One side - effect of the BNC cable connection is that you will need to manually set up the monitor driver .
The monitor driver is built into Windows XP , You can choose it manually or if you have trouble you can download it from here .
When using BNC connections , do n't be alarmed if the screen " jumps " or " rolls " for a moment every time you right - click certain video files .
This is a side - effect of using BNC cables , apparently .
Multiple peope have noticed it .
Over time the optimal focus can tend to drift on CRTs but you can re-adjust it using the 2 focus pots located inside the monitor , Thanks to MightyJoe for the detailed info on gaining access to these adjustments here .
Sorry the picture links are currently dead if anyone has them backed up please let me know , Although
It might not even be necessary to open your monitor , refer to the Alternate method for adjusting focus below .
Apparently you can adjust the focus pots from the outside of the monitor !
I recently adjusted my monitor using this method , Thanks to beast for this info : " The pots are visible from the outside by shining a flashlight into the left rear top of the case , and with a small screwdriver , they were easily accessible thru the ventilation slots .
The metal cage inside the plastic case has round holes , and the pots are directly under two holes , which happen to be directly under two ventilation slots .
It looks intentional from the outside , but i could just be lucky . " uberwurst confirmed that he was also able to adjust it from the outside so it 's definitely worth a try before going through all the trouble opening the monitor .
When adjusting the Focus I noticed its best to have the Contrast turned up to around 85 and display a white backround with black or blue text ( such as cnn.com which has both ) if its even slightly out of focus the text will appear blurry , try to get it as clear as possible with contrast turned up and you 'll be in good shape .
It 's up to you !
For non-widescreen content , the monitor can show it in all its glory in the proper aspect ratio by simply squeezing the raster area so that it 's only drawing in the 4:3 areas of the screen .
In other words , there will be black " undrawn " bars on either side of the image .
If you do n't mind a distorted image , the monitor can also " stretch " the image to fill the entire screen .
But then , things look " fat .
" The proper 4:3 aspect ratio can easily be attained by pressing the " ACS " button on the front of the monitor when any 4:3 resolution is displayed .
If for whatever reason you need to open the monitor for service etc.
here 's some info on how to do it , Just remember toas there are high voltage areas in the monitor even after its been unplugged for days : Link
If you have scratches in the antiglare coating ( the dreaded rainbow effect ) there is the option of removing the coating entirely , of course it involves tearing down the monitor but people have reported good results :
Link and also here
With the help of WinDAS you can make Dynamic Convergence adjustments across the entire screen , This allows for picture perfect Convergence compared to using the monitors limited user adjustments ,
Thanks to Hurin for making this guide !
Link UPDATE : Thanks tofor spending the time putting together this refrence list of topics from this ever growing thread : Refrence List Last Updated : Jan 3 , 2015
Over the years , former attorneys general John Ashcroft and Edwin Meese , U.S. Sens.
James Inhofe , Charles Grassley and Sam Brownback , several members of the House of Representatives and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and former Vice President Al Gore have been affiliated with the Family .
The December 2009 issue of , the monthly newsletter I receive from Americans United for Separation of Church and State , arrived recently .
I rarely read it cover - to - cover but skim it for content that looks interesting .
This edition of the newsletter contained a brief article about the recent decision to partially revoke the tax exempt status of the infamous " C Street " house owned by the Christian extremist group known as " The Family . "
It is difficult to comprehend how a group like this ever could have received tax exempt status !
Although I was already familiar this the news that efforts were in progress to review and at least partially revoke the group 's tax exempt status , there was one sentence in the article that was a bit of an unexpected bombshell .
andhave been affiliated with The Family ?
WTF ?
I figured that this had to be a mistake .
After all , I have not heard any mention of it in any of the news coverage this group has been receiving lately .
And yet , a few minutes on Google revealed that it was not a mistake .
This story on Clinton broke ( or at least should have broke if our news media had been willing to cover it ) at least as early as 2007 whenandreported it in .
It became newsworthy again in 2008 after Obama 's Rev. Wright troubles .
According to , , Clinton could n't really criticize Obama for Wright because her own religious associations were even more problematic .
The same point was made inCompared with Clinton , it was much harder to find incriminating information on Gore .
According to Jeff Sharlet , Gore has made very positive statements about , Family leader .
That there was some sort of friendship between Gore and Coe was noted again in 2008 , but it initially appeared that Sharlet was the only source for this claim .
However , I then found Gore praising Coe in an interview with Jordan Fisher - Smith
Why was this not a massive story during the 2008 presidential campaign ?
And even now , why are we not hearing about it from Jeff Sharlet , author of
PX : Biden could win Ohio .
Do you care how he 'll do it ?
Nope .
Vote , already
Joe Biden could win Ohio .
Do you care how he could do it ?
Nope .
You 're exhausted and ready to get on with voting , columnist Jason Williams writes .
Who are these Americans who die for lack of insurance ?
Dr. Linda Harris , an ob - gyn in Oregon tells of Sue , a 31 - year - old patient of hers .
Sue was a single mom who worked hard  sometimes two jobs at once  to ensure that her beloved daughter would enjoy a better life .
Image Nicholas D. Kristof Credit ... Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
Sue ’s jobs never provided health insurance , and Sue felt she could n’t afford to splurge on herself to get gynecological checkups .
For more than a dozen years , she never had a Pap smear , although one is recommended annually .
Even when
Sue began bleeding and suffering abdominal pain , she was reluctant to see a doctor because she did n’t know how she would pay the bills .
Finally ,
Sue sought help from a hospital emergency room , and then from the low - cost public clinic where Dr. Harris works .
Dr. Harris found that Sue had advanced cervical cancer .
Three months later , she died .
Her daughter was 13 .
“ I get teary whenever I think about her , ” Dr. Harris said .
“ It was so needless . ”
Cervical cancer has a long preinvasive stage that can be detected with Pap smears , and then effectively treated with relatively minor procedures , Dr. Harris said .
“ People talk about waiting lines in Canada , ” Dr. Harris added .
“ I say , well , at least they have a line to wait in . ”
Based on the numbers from the Harvard study , a person like Sue dies as a consequence of lack of health care coverage every 12 minutes in America .
As many people die every three weeks from lack of health insurance as were killed in the 9/11 attacks .
Health coverage is becoming steadily more precarious as companies try to cut costs and insurance companies boost profits by denying claims and canceling coverage of people who get sick .
I grew up on a farm in Yamhill , Ore. , where we sometimes had greased pig contests .
I ’m not sure which is harder : getting a good grip on a greased hog or wrestling with an insurance company trying to avoid paying a claim it should .
Bit over three years back I looked at server - side Javascript , and was not enthused with the available choices .
Three distinct usages I ’d like to cover : optimal performance , Windows web server ( IIS ) interoperable , and webhosting .
In addition , there are three interesting aspects of optimal performance : throughput , scalability , and stability .
For serving static content , I really like the model of a single - threaded non-blocking web server , of which thttpd was an early example , and for which the C10 K question clarified the need .
A small / simple web server has a much better chance to being very reliable .
With the single - threaded non-blocking model , massive scalability is possible .
For serving dynamic content , I really like the isolation and load distribution possible with the FastCGI model ( or the like ) .
Dynamic code tends to be complex .
Javascript interpreters are complex .
Complex code tends to fail more often .
Complex code can use more compute throughput than possible on a single box .
For intranet applications , a single front - end web server is often preferable , and load distribution via FastCGI offers more headroom .
All of which tends to argue for the FastCGI model , with isolation from the front - end web service , and potential distribution of load across more than one machine .
For the widest possible usage , in additional to optimal deployments ( when there is no restriction on the front - end web server ) , the engine on which the application runs should be deployable behind IIS ( for Windows - only organizations ) , and at common web - hosting services ( like Dreamhost ) .
Microsoft ’s recent support of FastCGI with IIS is a big help .
At that time ( three years back ) , none of the solutions were really optimal - and in fact were pretty far from optimal .
The Java - based RhinoJavascript interpreter was easiest to embed , but failed the webhosting case .
The C++ based JavaScript interpreters were a pain to embed , and offered good ( but not great ) performance .
Fast forward to the present , and Google offers the V8 JavaScript Engine that offers great performance , and is easy to embed .
( Google as the good guys , riding to the rescue once again … you ’d think they have white hats superglued to their brains . )
Suddenly we have lots of projects embedding the V8 engine .
In addition , seems most all the single - threaded non-blocking web servers have picked up support for FastCGI .
Oh … and I am pretty much fed up with the Java Servlet model .
After considerable time with the problem , I am of the opinion that the servlet model chose the wrong abstractions , and this makes for awkward solutions .
( Of course , the servlet model appeared very early in the history of web applications , so the mistake is easy to understand . )
Which means the model offered by node .js makes a lot of sense .
I like the notion of a naked node ( running JavaScript on the V8 engine ) performing request dispatch without any extra layers or abstractions .
The main lack with node.js is the ability to work via FastCGI ( and thus no means to be deployed behind IIS on Windows ) .
But there are as yet items unresolved and / or unclear .
Projects like v8cgi offer the V8 JavaScript Engine connected via FastCGI .
The node.js project offers a single - threaded non-blocking web server … but can it work behind FastCGI ?
project offers a single - threaded non-blocking web server … but can it work behind FastCGI ?
Is the environment for server - side JavaScript the same ( or sufficiently similar ) between node.js and v8cgi ?
and ?
Comet is still a question .
Can FastCGI work well with long - outstanding requests from applications ?
The good news is that we seem a lot closer to attractive and well - supported server - side JavaScript for web applications … but it seems we are not quite fully there , as yet .
Some editors at The Dallas Morning News have started reporting directly to executives outside the newsroom who oversee advertising sales , under a restructuring that overturns longstanding traditions in American newspapers aimed at shielding news judgments from business concerns .
A memo sent to employees on Wednesday explains the creation of new positions with the title of general manager , each responsible for ad sales in particular parts of the paper .
“ In the sports and entertainment segments , the senior news editors will report directly to the G.M. while retaining a strong reporting relationship to the editor and managing editor , ” the memo said .
In an interview , Bob Mong , the editor of The Morning News , stressed that no other parts of the paper would report to people outside the newsroom , though advertising managers had been assigned to work with several other areas , like health , education , travel and real estate .
Asked if there were plans to apply the structure in sports and entertainment to other parts of the paper , he said , “ not at this time . ”
He said the announcement caused some unease among reporters and editors , and “ they had all the questions I would hope they would have , and believe me , they ’ll be very vigilant . ”
He said editors were told explicitly to fight back if they were told to do anything unethical .
On December 1 the Ministry of Defence terminated its UFO project .
After over 50 years of investigating the phenomenon , the plug was pulled in a most unceremonious way .
The news was slipped out so as not to attract attention .
An amendment was made to an existing document in the freedom of information section of the MoD website , entitled " How to report a UFO sighting " .
The announcement states : " In over fifty years , no UFO report has revealed any evidence of a potential threat to the United Kingdom . "
It goes on to say that the " MOD will no longer respond to reported UFO sightings or investigate them " .
When rumbled , the MoD press office implyied that the money saved ( about £ 50,000 a year ) would be spent on body armour in Afghanistan .
I doubt it will be .
As someone whose 21 - year MoD career included a posting in a financial policy division , I suspect that 's not how it works .
Finance has played a part in this , I am sure .
The defence budget is under huge pressure and the UFO project was doubtless an easy target for the Treasury and MoD financiers .
Between the 1950s and the present day , the MoD received around 12,000 UFO reports .
While most were misidentifications of ordinary objects and phenomena , about 5 % remained unexplained .
These included instances where UFOs were seen by police officers and pilots , or tracked on radar .
Having worked on the UFO project from 1991 to 1994 , I am very sorry to see the MoD disengage in this way .
I believe that where evidence suggests that UK airspace has been penetrated by an unidentified object , this must automatically be of defence interest and should be investigated properly .
Not because I believe Britain is vulnerable to an alien attack , but because " if it does n't behave like a conventional aircraft , we 're not interested " is a very dangerous mindset .
Britain remains vulnerable to espionage and terrorist attack .
What if the " UFO " turns out to be a prototype spyplane or drone ?
What if it 's a hijacked aircraft with its transponder turned off ?
This is not the time to take our eye off the ball but this is precisely what has happened .
Because of the baggage that the term " UFO " carries , the baby has been thrown out with the bathwater .
My only hope is that – away from the public gaze – sightings from pilots and uncorrelated targets tracked on radar will continue to be looked at , albeit outside of a formally constituted UFO project .
But by cutting out the public , the MoD will only fuel conspiracy theories .
UFO sightings are at record levels and public interest is at an all - time high .
Whatever one 's views about them , this is a sad day for science .
One of the greatest mysteries of the modern era is now much less likely to be resolved .
So you think you know about dogs ?
Sorry , you do not .
I break this news to you only because I got put to such a test Tuesday , along with about two dozen animal - shelter directors , volunteers , dog trainers and others who make a dog- related living .
The task was simple : View 20 dogs on a videotape and identify each one .
Is it purebred or mixed ?
If believed a mix , what is the mixture of each ?
How hard could it be ?
All I know about dogs , I quickly learned , is that one lives with me .
Of the 20 dogs shown , I got the breed correct one time , but only because it looked like Lupe , my mutt .
I did only slightly worse than the professionals .
“ I was completely wrong .
I probably got three to four out of the 20 , ” claimed Laurie Buffington , a Berthoud dog trainer , as we left a classroom at the Longmont Humane Society .
“ Think you can tell just by looking ? ” was the teaser for the breed identification study we participated in .
It was run by Victoria L. Voith , a professor of animal behavior in the College of Veterinary Medicine at Western University in Pomona , Calif .
What I and the others ultimately learned is you cannot simply look at a dog and know what it is .
Shelter workers , she explained , are generally 75 percent wrong when they list or tell you the breed of a dog .
The only sure - fire way of knowing , she said , is DNA testing .
“ I started this study , ” Voith said , “ because I am a lover of German shepherds and was appalled that every short - haired breed with brown hair was called a German shepherd .
It simply is n’t so . ”
Outside of the Lupe - looking Chihuahua - mix , I thought every dog looked like a pit bull or a shepherd - mix .
“ So what in the hell is Lupe ? ” I jotted in frustration in my notebook about halfway through the session .
I was not getting even remotely close .
My favorite of all was the 20th dog , a three - legged cutie that had been thrown from a car .
She was not the English sheepdog I suspected , but a shih - tzu .
Everyone else misidentified her too .
Through her work , Voith hopes to put to the lie two things : studies on which dogs bite the most , and the wisdom of municipal breed - specific bans , such as Denver ’s , where hundreds of suspected pit bulls have been put to death .
“ Visual identification simply is not in high agreement with DNA analysis , ” she said when I protested that a dog I had falsely , dead - to - rights identified as a pit bull turned out through DNA testing to be mostly Dalmatian .
“ Dogs in Denver may be dying needlessly , ” she said .
She hopes that her work , which she expects to be published in a year , will better inform cities and statistics gatherers on breeds most likely to bite .
“ We really do n’t know yet .
I do n’t think we have ever really known , ” she said .
The professionals all walked out scratching their heads , each mumbling something akin to “ that was very informative ! ”
“ I always thought I was really good at identifying breeds , ” a chastened Shantel Southwick , another Berthoud trainer , moaned .
“ And cities are killing dogs based on uninformed visual identification ?
That ’s pretty scary .
It ’s heartbreaking , really . ”
Bill Johnson writes Mondays , Wednes - days and Fridays .
Reach him at 303 - 954-2763 or wjohnson@denverpost.com .
ST . PETERSBURG , Fla . —Florida 's judges and lawyers should no longer " friend " each other on Facebook , the popular social networking site , according to a ruling from the state 's Judicial Ethics Advisory Committee .
At least one South Florida judge warned her pals with a Facebook status update that they could be " unfriended , " and the ruling has prompted others to do the same .
The committee ruled Nov. 17 that online " friendships " could create the impression that lawyers are in a special position to influence their judge friends .
The committee did conclude that a judge can post comments on another judge 's site and that during judicial elections , a judge 's campaign can have " fans " that include lawyers .
And the ruling does n't single out Facebook .
" Although Facebook has been used as an example in this opinion , the holding of the opinion would apply to any social networking site which requires the member of the site to approve the listing of a ' friend ' or contact on the member 's site , " the opinion said .
A few on the committee dissented , saying judges should be allowed to have Facebook friends because those relationships are more like " a contact or acquaintance . "
Although only the Florida Supreme Court can actually mandate what judges can do , most will likely follow the ruling out of an abundance of caution , said Craig Waters , spokesman for the Florida Supreme Court .
Judge Thomas McGrady , the chief of the sixth judicial circuit in Pinellas County , said he understands why the committee came to its conclusion : Judges need to appear impartial .
" We as judges can still be good judges and still have friends .
Part of our job is to not let that friendship interfere in any way with our decisions , " he said .
" But others in the public who see judges listing a lawyer as a friend on facebook , they may think that because they are your friend , they will be treated differently . "
McGrady , who is sending a copy of the ruling to the 69 judges in his circuit , said this potential conflict of interest is why he does n't have a Facebook page .
" If somebody 's my friend , I 'll call them on the phone , " he said , chuckling .
© Copyright 2009 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Our heroine is young , wholesome and effortlessly beautiful .
Tiana works hard , smiles sweetly , and flutters her eyelashes – a lot .
After a series of unlikely events she ends up marrying her Prince Charming .
Then , we must presume , everyone lives happily ever after .
So far , so normal , in the cotton - candy nature of fairytale romance , but do not be fooled .
This leading lady is tearing down cultural barriers .
Seven decades years after Walt Disney 's pencil - wielding animators gave Snow White to the world , Tiana is about to debut as Hollywood studio's first ever African - American cartoon princess .
The Princess and the Frog launches this week in New York and Los Angeles , before rolling out across America and at least 30 other countries , hitting the UK in late January .
To Disney , Tiana 's launch is both a symbolic milestone , and a serious commercial opportunity .
When The Princess and the Frog was first announced , in early 2007 , she was lauded as a positive role model with the potential to reach out to black audiences , a frequently - ignored section of the film - going public , and lure them into movie theatres .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Her " voice , " the Broadway actress Anika Noni Rose , was pegged as a major star in the making .
" I grew up watching Disney films , and always wanted to be in one , but I thought I 'd be cast as a skunk , or something .
I never guessed that I might play a princess , " she recalled , when The Independent caught up with her last week .
" This is something that people were so excited for , and so ready for , that it 's just a dream come true , in a much grander fashion than I 'd ever hoped . "
The dream has n't always run smoothly , though .
Disney originally hoped that the heart - warming nature of Tiana 's rags - to - riches story would broaden its social appeal and erase any lingering memories of their studio founder 's flirtation with racist politics in the 1940s .
But the press at times read from a different script .
After the decision to create the studio's first black princess was announced , commentators began to explore its potential implications .
Plenty of them decided that it was nothing more than a cynical stunt .
Many bristled at the thought of what they presumed was a largely - white production team " Disneyfying " jazz - era , 1920s New Orleans , where The Princess and the Frog is set .
Still more were upset by early revelations about the plot , which casts Tiana 's mother as a servant for a wealthy family of white people , and expressed serious reservations about the profile of the film 's sinister villain , Dr Facilier , who is a black voodoo magician .
A year ago , amid mounting disapproval , a highly - critical editorial article in The Voice – perhaps the Western world 's most prominent black newspaper – dubbed the whole project " disappointing " .
At the time , Disney could say little in response .
Spokesmen counselled that people should wait until they 'd seen the film before knocking it .
The studio press office did , at one point , publicly rebut some wilder rumours , including one that suggested a white actress would be voicing Tiana .
But the real test of their black princess would , they maintained , only come at the world 's box offices .
Now , finally , that is about to happen .
The first reviews of The Princess and the Frog will be published this week , and the paying public 's reaction will begin to take shape once the movie hits cinemas on Wednesday .
And if the all - important buzz is anything to go by , omens for the picture are pretty good .
For one thing , every showing in New York and LA for the next fortnight is already sold out .
And the film has already secured some valuable endorsements from within America 's black community .
Leading members of the National Association for the Advancement of Coloured People were invited to a screening in LA last week – and responded with a 10 - minute standing ovation .
Advanced screenings have also generated surprisingly positive feedback ( over 80 per cent approval , according to studio sources ) .
Most experts expect it to be one of the biggest two or three titles to hit American cinemas in the lucrative pre-Christmas window .
" The general consensus with this film is so far that yes , it 's very good indeed , " says Tim Gray , the editor of Variety .
" So my prediction is that it 's going to do very good business .
" I 'm sure there are racists in America who having a black princess will be a factor for , but I do n't think they will stop this being a hit .
When kids and families can fall
in love with Shrek , a green monster , or a fish , in Finding Nemo , or a robot in WALL-E , I do n't think skin colour is a huge issue . "
If he 's right ( and , in fairness , predicting box office success is always something of a crap shoot ) , then Disney must take credit for adopting a painstakingly careful approach to the creation of its first African - American princess .
Last week , the studio explained how it had consulted with a wide range of prominent black individuals and organisations while finalising the tone and plot of the film .
This exercise saw them change the film 's title ( it was originally to be The Frog Princess ) and also write in a bigger role for Tiana 's father , so as not to advance stereotypes about black , single - parent families .
The heroine 's name was also altered : originally , she was to be called Madeleine , but focus groups complained that " Maddy " sounded dangerously like " Mammy , " an unwelcome reminder of the segregation - era Deep South .
The film - makers also knocked on the door of black America 's greatest opinion former , Oprah Winfrey .
She was asked to cast an eye over the script to highlight any potentially tricky areas , and was so taken by what she saw that she requested ( and got ) a small role in the film , as Tiana 's mother .
Oprah also suggested a small , but important plot change .
Peter Del Vecho , the film 's producer , revealed that she advised him that Naveen , Tiana 's brown - skinned Prince Charming , should be re-inherited by his parents ( he begins the film penniless ) when he eventually secures his bride .
" When we realised what a big deal having a black princess was , we wanted to of course make sure that we did it right , so we consulted widely , with Ms Winfrey and others , and got lots of very helpful feedback , " he recalls .
Del Vecho also crucially hired Rob Edwards as his screenwriter , who had achieved prominence writing The Fresh Prince of Bel - Air , a 1990s sitcom deemed ground - breaking because it focused on a black family from an extremely privileged and wealthy background .
The outcome of this lengthy exercise in stepping on eggshells is that the only people who could really take offence from The Princess and the Frog are white viewers , who may ironically complain about instances of inverted racism .
One villain is a fat , white servant with a plummy English accent ; others are white estate agents .
A comic turn is performed by three red-necked inhabitants of rural Louisiana , who boast nary a tooth between them .
Away from the box office , a range of merchandise – including slippers inspired by the film 's trumpet - playing alligator Louis , and themed tarot cards – is already in stores .
The film also boasts a potentially - lucrative jazz - themed soundtrack .
And its " look " – it is Disney 's first hand - drawn animation for several years bucking the trend for computer - generated imagery – could reignite interest in the firm 's back catalogue .
Marketing experts therefore say that the film 's wider commercial prospects are robust .
" As a practical matter , broadcasters and film studios simply have to reflect their audience , " says Darren Campo , a TV executive who recently published the science fiction novel Alex Detail 's Revolution , which has a black female protagonist .
" In the case of this film , I think the Disney factor is going to attract a big commercial following anyway .
And the curiosity factor of a black princess , might also end up pulling in audiences who would n't normally go to see a Disney film . "
And that would be just fine for Disney , and also for Tiana 's alter ego , Ms Noni Rose .
" In the history of cartoons , brown - skinned people , of many different ethnic backgrounds , have not been treated well , " she reflected .
" Traditionally we 're the villains , we 're the bad guys , we 're the scary apparition coming from the back .
But , with this film , that 's now changed .
When people see the movie , and realise that it has been made with real love and respect and care , I think their concerns will very soon disappear . "
Walt 's women Changing face of Disney
Snow White
The raven - haired beauty made history as the star of the first feature - length animated film ever made .
Pinched from the Brothers Grimm fairy tales , her 1937 debut helped turn Walt Disney from a talented eccentric into one of the most powerful men in the history of Hollywood .
Jasmine
The first non-white Disney princess was rolled - out in the 1993 film Aladdin .
But the cartoon promptly sparked protests from Muslims , and Arab nations , who said the film was racist in its depiction of a Middle East riddled by violence .
Pocahontas
A Native American princess probably seemed like a good idea at the time .
But the beauty , who fell in love with a white settler in the 1995 movie , attracted stern criticism .
There were complaints from the Native American community that her face had actually been modelled on Naomi Campbell .
Shares
I ’ve been writing about the attempts of proponents of various pseudoscience , quackery , and faith - based religious “ healing ” modalities to slip provisions friendly to their interests into the health care reform bill that will be debated in the Senate beginning today .
If you want to know what ’s at stake , check out the first press release of a newly formed institute designed to promote science - based medicine in academia and public policy , the Institute for Science in Medicine .
It ’s an embryonic institute , only recently formed by 42 physicians and scientists , several of whose names will be quite familiar to regular readers of SBM , but it ’s jumping right into the fray .
This is what the ISM is :
The ISM is a non-profit educational organization dedicated to promoting high standards of science in all areas of medicine and public health .
We are a watchdog group of medical professionals who believe the best science available should be used to determine health policy and establish a standard of care that protects and promotes the public health .
We oppose legislation that seeks to erode the science - based standard of care and expose the public to potentially fraudulent , worthless , or harmful medical practices or products .
Given how when faced with science going against them purveyors of unscientific medicine and medical beliefs try to win in politics where they ca n’t win in science ( as my earlier post today describes for naturopaths in Ontario and the anti-vaccine movement in Oregon ) , just as we do on SBM , those of us who have helped to form the ISM have our work cut out for us .
Steve Novella has more .
Fajax -- the fake alternative to ajax
March 29 , 2006
Put these two tags in the head of your html document :
< META http-equiv= " Page - Enter " content =" blendTrans ( Duration=0.2 ) " >
< META http-equiv= " Page - Exit " content = " blendTrans ( Duration=0.2 ) " >
That 's it .
You 've implemented Fajax : the fake alternative to ajax .
The blink that occurs on postback is no longer visible , most of the time .
Okay , it 's a dirty nasty trick .
Do n't flame me , troll me , spam me or DoS me .
I feel terrible as i write these words : blendtrans is a Microsoft function .
In non-ie browsers it will have no effect .
How does it work ?
When a page posts back ( for example when you click a button on a form ) , it normally causes a screen flicker as the page is redrawn .
In a lot of cases the screen that is redrawn is very similar to the previous screen , and the flicker is an annoyance , disrupting the user 's experience .
The Blendtrans function causes the old page to blend smoothly into the new one , rather than flickering .
A lot of the time , this gives an identical effect to an ajax style http request .
The page appears to have stood absolutely still as just one part of it is updated .
This simple trick alone gives you about 50 % of the benefit of ajax , with a 1 % of the effort .
Having said that , it 's absolutely limited to that one visual benefit , and limited to one browser .
To get the full benefits of ajax , you will of course need to use ajax , not fajax . ;-)
Note that these effects are best not overused .
My book " Choose Your First Product " is available now .
It gives you 4 easy steps to find and validate a humble product idea .
Learn more .
