Get ready for $ 11 - a - pack cigarettes
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
New York
City smokers already pay the highest cigarette taxes in the nation , but a new state law will push those taxes even higher this summer .
The state legislature on Monday approved a bill adding a state tax of $ 1.60 to every pack sold , effective July 1 .
The bill , which was signed into law by Gov. David Paterson , will raise the state tax to $ 4.35 per pack .
That makes the Empire State 's tax on smokes the highest in the nation .
New York City smokers pay an additional municipal tax of $ 1.50 per pack , for a current total tax of $ 4.25 per pack .
That 's the highest state - local tax whammy in the country , according to the Campaign for Tobacco - Free Kids .
Chicago is the runner - up , at $ 3.66 per pack .
The new tax increase means that smokers in the city will pay $ 5.85 per pack in taxes .
That drives the average local price up to nearly $ 11 per pack , according to some estimates .
The tax hike is aimed at generating an additional $ 440 million in 2010 - 2011 tax revenue to support healthcare programs .
David Sutton , a spokesman for Altria Group ( MO , Fortune 500 ) , parent company for tobacco company Philip Morris , said he was " extremely disappointed " with the 63 % increase that makes New York 's cigarette tax " far and away the highest in the nation . "
" This huge tax increase will make the present contraband cigarette crisis in New York State much worse , " he said , in an e-mail to CNNMoney.com .
" And it will likely not raise the revenue projected , as it will provide even greater incentives for consumers to purchase contraband cigarettes to avoid paying these extremely high taxes and will cause further loss of business to New York retailers selling state - taxed cigarettes . "
The bill also requires that cigarettes sold at Native American reservations be taxed .
State Sen. Jeffrey Klein , a Democrat representing parts of the Bronx and Westchester County , said that taxes on reservation - sold cigarettes will provide the state with $ 150 million in revenue during the remainder of 2010 , followed by $ 500 million in annual revenue thereafter .
This will be a financial hit to tribes like the Shinnecock Indian Nation in Southampton , where several stores sell tax - free cigarettes .
" We 've had very preliminary talks with not only Gov. Paterson but the Spitzer administration , so we knew this was coming and we 're following it closely , " said Randy King , chairman of board of trustees for the Shinnecock Indian Nation , which was recently recognized by the federal government .
" We 're just going to take the information back to the tribe and see what direction we get on how to approach it . "
I just love it when Karl Rove goes all Projectionist on us and starts whining that the Obama White House is being tooooooo political .
Anticipating today 's planned speech on immigration reform from President Obama , Karl Rove went on Greta Van Susteren 's show last night and warned that this was all Machiavellian theater :
Rove : Now , I gotta tell you , this is cynical , and it is hypocritical , and it 's political with an issue that ought n't to be treated sincerely , honestly , and outside of politics as much as possible .
I do n't think the president 's really interested in passing comprehensive immigration reform this year .
He just wants a political issue to jazz up Latinos , and to get them to vote , maybe not for Democrats this fall , but for him in 2012 .
Rove does this a lot .
It 's what a poker player calls a tell :
Whenever you hear that little high hitch in Rove 's voice , it means he 's scared .
He knows all too well that the Republicans ' bellicose Latino bashing , embodied in Arizona 's SB1070 and the right 's ongoing adamant defense of it , will cost Republicans Latino voters for many years to come -- and considering demographic trends , that spells disaster for the GOP .
Newt Gingrich knows this too , and has tried to use similar wedge rhetoric to cast Obama 's motives as purely cynical .
It 's true that Obama has been more timid than he need be on the issue , and his pandering to the nativists with National Guardsmen has been a source of real dismay .
On the other hand , he campaigned openly on immigration reform , and brought it up frequently during the 2008 election .
He 's also continually promised to move it forward , though as Rove suggests , his commitment has tended to flicker in the wind .
Still , it took Republicans in Arizona to finally prove , once and for all , that comprehensive reform can't wait .
Because if it continues to sit on the back burner , the Republican nativists are going to be busy enacting their agenda in the vacuum .
It 'll kill them in the long run -- maybe even in the short run too -- but they can't help themselves .
It 's just in their natures .
Like projecting his own ugly predilections onto everyone else is in Karl Rove's .
Vacations are something which can cherish each and everyone whether old or young .
Vacations are not just for enjoyment they are very nece ...
If you saw me representing the Freedom From Religion Foundation on that silly segment of “ The Daily Show with Jon Stewart ” on March 8 , you might wonder what the heck we were thinking .
A very nice self - described atheist staffer called to say they were interested in doing a segment about our complaint to the U.S. Postal Service that the Mother Teresa stamp scheduled to be released this summer violates postal regulations against honoring predominantly religious figures .
When we learned the interview would be conducted by “ correspondent ” Jason Jones , we realized they were planning one of those comic segments in which they lampoon the news .
The old adage is that any publicity is good publicity .
Annie Laurie , as a “ Daily Show ” aficionado , knew of course that the fake news segments do n’t aim to please , they just take aim .
She told them we might agree if they would do the taping at our office — thinking that way FFRF visuals and messages would survive the editing .
When we polled the FFRF office , our mostly young staff said “ Yes ! ” Annie Laurie still had reservations and I had mixed feelings ( mostly positive — I ’m such a ham ) , but even 83 - year - old President - Emerita Anne Gaylor voted yes .
Then they told us that Jason Jones was going on vacation so the only way was for one of us to fly to New York City .
I agreed to do it because it would at least give FFRF and the issue some attention .
Besides , I was excited to see “ The Daily Show ” studio , meet the staff and watch how they do their jobs .
They flew me to New York City in mid-February ( first - class on the return flight ) , and put me up in a nice Manhattan hotel , so it was a bit of an adventure .
Annie Laurie loaded me down with FFRF T - shirts , books , bumper stickers , hats and magnets .
When I showed these to the writer and producer ( Miles Kahn and Asaf Kastner ) , I asked if there were any ethical concerns with the media accepting gifts .
“ You seem to be confusing us with a real news outfit , ” Asaf said as he grabbed the materials .
Most of the staff seemed sympathetic with FFRF — in fact , they told me that half of them are atheists and that the writers agreed with our complaint — but before they could snatch up the goodies , Miles told them to wait until after the taping because he might want to use some of it for B - roll and cutaways .
I had a nice talk with Jon Stewart .
Well , not a talk .
We did n’t even meet .
Jon said “ Hi , guys ! ” as he passed quickly through the lunch room where we were talking .
He was probably too nervous to meet me in person .
So I ’m counting that as a talk .
Miles showed me the huge studio where the show is taped , but my interview was n’t conducted there .
We went down to the basement where two cameras were set up in what amounts to a hallway next to the restrooms .
Jason and I sat facing each other with a camera behind each of us .
It was eerie down there with the main lights off and the spots aimed at us .
A couple of times we had to stop and start over because footsteps could be heard above us .
“ Is someone taking dance lessons in the stairwell ? ” Miles yelled .
The writers and producers sat close by , monitoring the entire conversation , which lasted almost two and a half hours .
They had given Jason about 30 questions to ask , which covered virtually my entire life history — why I left the ministry to become an atheist , the difference between atheism and agnosticism , the purposes and activities of the Foundation , the views of the Founding Fathers , the meaning of the First Amendment and much more .
More than an hour passed before we even got to the topic of Mother Teresa .
( I supposed the editors would later be combing through that material for any useful or funny comments . )
They treated me with respect and dealt with the issues in a serious matter , though it was obvious Jason was fishing for the joke .
I eventually told him I thought the writers were the real brains of the show , and he said , “ That ’s true .
I ’m just an actor . ”
When we were talking about FFRF ’s billboard campaign , Jason looked up and said , “ When my 3 - year - old daughter saw your Heathens ’
Greetings billboard , she broke into tears .
What am I supposed to tell her about that ? ”
“ Your 3 - year - old daughter can read ? ” I asked .
“ She is very smart , ” he said .
“ Does she know what the word ‘ heathen ’ means ? ”
“ She is very smart . ”
“ Well , you tell your daughter that America has a richness of viewpoints , all of which are protected by the Constitution . ”
( I am reconstructing these comments from memory .
It was a long interview . )
“ What if I pulled out a gun and shot you in the stomach right now ?
Would you cry out to God ? ”
“ I would cry for medical help , ” I replied .
“ There ’s no medical help . ”
“ Well , there are atheists in foxholes , ” I replied , and told him about the time Annie Laurie almost died the day our daughter was born , when we never once thought of praying to a deity .
When we finally got around to the issue , Jason held up a large image of the stamp of Mother Teresa in her nun ’s habit , and said , “ So this is your big complaint ? ”
“ That is one of many issues we are complaining about , ” I said .
“ This ! ? ” he said , keeping the stamp in view , staring at me blankly .
“ The Foundation makes many complaints , ” I said .
“ It ’s not our most important issue and we are not taking legal action over it , but it does represent the kind of state - church violation our members are concerned about . ”
He would n’t quit .
He probably asked me that same question five times , holding up the stamp .
“ This ? ”
We went back and forth for a while .
“ This is how you want to convince the world to become atheists ? ” he said , thrusting the stamp closer to me .
“ No , ” I said .
“ This complaint is aimed at the Post Office .
But it does n’t hurt the world to learn the truth about how a mediocre woman is being transformed into a saint for purely religious reasons . ”
Again he asked , “ So this is what you are complaining about ? ” holding up the stamp .
I finally said , “ Yes , this is one of many issues the Foundation is concerned about . ”
Then I realized that he was fishing for the word “ Yes . ”
Sure enough , when the segment aired , they cut it at the comma so it looked like I said “ Yes ! ” — this is the Foundation ’s big issue .
I explained that our complaint to the Postal Service is based on the violation of its own guidelines for commemorative subjects .
For starters , Mother Teresa was not an American citizen .
She was not born in this country , nor did she reside here , pay taxes or vote in the U.S. ( although she did come here , not to any of her own clinics , for first - class medical treatment when she was ill ) .
The Post Office , however , has justified this exception by pointing out that President Bill Clinton made Mother Teresa an “ Honorary American . ”
When I mentioned that fact , Jason said , “ Is there nobody he wo n’t bang ? ” ( They did n’t use that line in the final segment ! )
The staff seemed genuinely interested in the factual claims about Mother Teresa .
I held up Christopher Hitchens ’ book The Missionary Position as one example that documents the inferior quality of her clinics , her lack of financial accountability and her cozy association with corrupt politicians such as Haiti ’s “ Baby Doc ” Duvalier .
I mentioned how she pleaded with the court for leniency in the sentencing of convicted financier Charles Keating because he was a good man who had given her $ 1.25 million , and how when the court asked her to return that stolen money , she declined to reply .
We do n’t know where that money went , but we do know that she spent millions to build new convents named in her honor and increase her religious order while she spent considerably less on real charity .
“ Mother Teresa did some good , ” I agreed , “ but her real genius was as a powerful PR machine for the population policies of the Roman Catholic Church . ”
In her Nobel Prize acceptance speech , she was more concerned about condemning legal abortion than feeding the hungry .
What did she actually do for world peace ?
Soon after that speech she went to Ireland to tell them that their best hope for peace was for everyone to return to the Catholic Church .
“ The Daily Show ” staff seemed surprised and sincerely interested when I spoke about the documentation of shoddy “ medical ” practices at her clinics .
They asked me to repeat the story about how the nuns at her hospital for the dying ( which has posted the words “ Today I am going to heaven ” on the wall — some hospital ! ) were secretly baptizing all patients , including Hindus and Muslims , pretending to be cooling their foreheads with a wet cloth while performing the religious ritual .
When Jason held up the stamp of Martin Luther King Jr. , I countered that he was honored for leading the civil rights movement , not for religion , and besides , he was an American .
With Mother Teresa , it was the other way around :
Her charity work was secondary to her religious mission , and she said so many times .
Her small Calcutta orphanage , she said , was a front line in the fight against abortion and birth control .
Jason asked me about all of that , and more , but none of it got into the final segment .
They showed the Martin Luther King Jr. stamp on the air , but not my response .
ZIP code 10001
After lunch we jumped into a taxi and followed the camera crew van to the main General Post Office ( ZIP code 10001 ) at 8th Avenue and 33rd Street , where we spent about half an hour taping various scenes , some of which made the cut .
It ’s hard to see , but I ’m actually reading Hitchens ’ book with the photo of Mother Teresa on the cover , standing on the steps of that huge stately building with its famous inscription : “ Neither snow nor rain nor heat nor gloom of night stays these couriers from the swift completion of their appointed rounds . ”
One scene which did n’t make it : Jason and I walking casually down the steps and he asks , “ So what are you asking your members to do ? ”
“ We are asking them to write letters of complaint to the Post Office , ” I reply .
He stops and stares at me and says , “ Letters to the Post Office ? ”
Then he backs off and says , “ You ’re in on it ! ”
As I stand there , he turns and runs away from me , hopping over the railing in the distance ( accidentally banging his shin in the process ) .
I thought that was very funny .
A lot of passersby stopped to watch , thinking we were filming a movie .
As we were leaving , one of their young interns told me , “ This is the funnest day of work I have ever had in my life ! ”
But they did n’t use most of that outdoor footage .
They decided to turn the skit into a “ Dan Brown Da Vinci Code conspiracy theory ” spoof and filmed a lot of other movie - like scenes , leaving little chance for my stellar acting to impress the Academy .
Perhaps if I had been more of a nutcase during the interview , they would have kept the focus on FFRF .
When I saw the final segment , I was surprised to hear myself using the word “ conspiracy . ”
That was one word I was definitely planning to avoid .
I remember Jason pestering me for a long time about the “ Catholic conspiracy ” to get Mother Teresa on a U.S. postage stamp .
Although it is no secret that the Catholic Church does have a lot of influence , we do n’t know what , if any , strings were pulled to get it to happen .
In one sense , all religions are conspiracies , and I must have said something about that , using “ conspiracy ” with a lower - case “ c. ” Sure enough , they got that line into the final cut .
I can see how they did it .
After the interview , they had us remain seated for about 20 more minutes while they fed Jason a bunch of lines to repeat and questions to ask , telling me to remain silent and not reply .
They were clearly planning to do some creative editing .
It ’s not hard to make the answer to one question sound like an answer to another question .
I later met one of the editors and said , “ So , I bet you are the one with the real power here . ”
“ That ’s right , ” he said .
“ If I want , I could make you say ‘ I . . . like . . . altar . . . boys .’ ”
The segment ended up more of a spoof of Dan Brown ’s books than of our group , although the apparent guilt by association was plainly intentional .
A few disappointed viewers wrote to say , “ Did n’t you know that would be a setup ? ” ( My sister - in - law , Nancy , a library administrator , could n’t stop laughing over the silly “ conspiracy montage ” when my beaming , lit - up face pops up suddenly . )
But in the end , most of the comments we received were positive .
Any exposure to freethought , state - church separation , and criticism of religion — even light - hearted poking fun at ourselves — is welcome in our faith - drenched world .
After the taping , Asaf thanked me for being such a good sport .
He and I both know that FFRF would have wanted a more serious airing of the issues , but we also know that comedy is comedy .
“ Thank you very much again for your patience and for participating in the process , ” he said in an e-mail .
He also mailed us several photos , including one I ’d brought along of the entire FFRF staff , signed by Jason .
When we win our National Day of Prayer lawsuit , perhaps they will call us again .
There is certainly nothing funny about that .
Is there ?
Foundation Co-President Dan Barker is author of Godless and Losing Faith in Faith : From Preacher to Atheist .
A 17 - year - old Sydney girl has saved herself from being forced to go to Lebanon for an arranged marriage by calling the Australian Federal Police ( AFP ) .
Federal police say the girl sounded frightened when she called them about a month ago .
She said mother was out , but that she may have to hang up at any time .
She then explained her plight - her mother had booked her on a flight from Australia to Lebanon in mid-May , where she was to be married .
She said her father and step - father supported the decision .
The girl , who cannot be named , said she had heard about the airport watch list and wanted to be placed on it so that there was no way she would be able to leave the country .
The AFP took the matter to the Federal Magistrates Court which handed down its judgement last week .
It banned her family from taking her from Australia and ordered them not to threaten her .
I think I see the problem .
To play like Vigil , you have to be like Virgil and one thing Virgil is is a perfectionist .
Try lining up the " Evans " logo with the Vigil Donati Signature badge and see if things improve .
At least 47 people died and scores remain unaccounted for following two weekend explosions at the Raspadskaya coal mine in the northeast Russian region of Siberia , the Emergencies Ministry reported Monday .
Advertising Read more
REUTERS -
The death toll from the Siberian coal mine disaster at the weekend rose to 43 on Tuesday , Russian news agencies quoted emergency officials as saying .
Forty - seven people were still missing at Russia 's largest coal mine Raspadskaya after the country 's deadliest mining disaster in three years .
Prime Minister Vladimir Putin had arrived in the coal - rich area in central Siberia and visited injured survivors in a hospital , the news agencies said .
He was due to travel to the mine in the city of Mezhdurechensk .
More than 350 miners were underground when two explosions hit Raspadskaya , about 3,000 km ( 1,850 miles ) east of Moscow , over the weekend .
Many of them managed to escape .
Aman Tuleyev , governor of Kemerovo region , said time was running out to rescue those trapped in areas of the mine where anti-flooding systems had failed .
The first explosion rocked the mine just before midnight ( 1700 GMT ) on Saturday .
Valery Korchagin , Emergencies Ministry spokesman in the region , said 19 of the dead were rescuers who went into the sprawling mine after the initial blast .
News agencies have quoted Emergencies Minister Sergei Shoigu as saying that a sudden burst of methane and coal dust could have caused the disaster .
Mine explosions and other industrial accidents have prompted repeated calls from Russia 's leaders for improvements to creaking infrastructure and stricter adherence to safety rules .
Kremlin critics say little has been done .
The Raspadskaya mine has reserves of some 450 million tonnes of coal and produced 8.9 million tonnes in 2007 , according to company officials .
Raspadskaya is part - owned by steel - and - mining firm Evraz Group .
Daily newsletterReceive essential international news every morning Subscribe
Huffington
Post editorializes :
By contrast , one suspects the American public would be much happier if Allen — or Obama , for that matter — simply said :
No , we do n’t trust BP .
They have proven they are not to be trusted .
We have no choice but to work with them , but we are making it clear in every interaction that their assertions are being verified , their facts are being double - checked , their motives are suspect , and we are the ones setting the priorities , not they .
The Admiral ’s mistake is being tone - deaf to politics ; he ’s a commander of ships at sea .
Besides , the Coast Guard has ordered BP to step up the cleanup :
The dispute escalated on the same day that ominous new signs of the tragedy emerged on the beaches of Alabama .
Waves of unsightly brown surf hit the shores in Orange Beach , leaving stinking , dark piles of oil that dried in the hot sun and extended up to 12 feet from the water ’s edge for as far as the eye could see .
Arianna says that Obama is “ still not in charge . ”
She ’s right : Obama is holding a big meeting next Thursday at which he will announce his decisions about the milkshake .
Call it his “ second inaugural . ”
Prediction : wingnuts will scream .
( Yes , that ’s a safe bet , I know , but you get my point . )
After that meeting , the future of the milkshake and cleanup costs will be clarified .
So will be the chain of responsibility .
In other words : the president will once again grab the ball from the center .
The Republicans are leaving the middle wide open again .
And those are n’t tar balls washing up on Alabama ’s sugar - white shores .
Those are the wreckage of conservatism .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Sharon Astyk at ScienceBlogs points the way to a seriously scary comment thread at The Oil Drum , a sounding board for , among others , many petroleum geologists and oil professionals .
The comment in question is from a seemingly very knowledgable “ dougr . ”
Some of it follows verbatim below .
I ’ve highlighted the parts that frightened me the most and left me wondering :
Is this why Obama ’s praying ?
You can read the comment in its entirety here , complete with useful links , as well as all the comments ( some of which dissent from dougr ’s claims ) made in response .
Sharon notes , to the inevitable question of why pass along an anonymous comment : “ This one passes my smell test , which is usually pretty good – that does n’t mean I claim commenter Doug R is right – it means I think his information is interesting enough to be worth exposing to a wider audience for clarification or correction . ”
As the Oil Drum staff explains to its own readers regarding this post : “ Were the US government and BP more forthcoming with information and details , the situation would not be giving rise to so much speculation about what is actually going on in the Gulf .
This should be run more like Mission Control at NASA than an exclusive country club function–it is a public matter–transparency , now ! ” Amen .
Meanwhile , judge for yourself :
“ All the actions and few tid bits of information all lead to one inescapable conclusion .
The well pipes below the sea floor are broken and leaking .
Now you have some real data of how BP ’s actions are evidence of that , as well as some murky statement from “ BP officials ” confirming the same .
“ To those of us outside the real inside loop , yet still fairly knowledgeable , [ the failure of Top Kill ] was a major confirmation of what many feared .
That the system below the sea floor has serious failures of varying magnitude in the complicated chain , and it is breaking down and it will continue to .
“ What does this mean ?
“ It means they will never cap the gusher after the wellhead .
They can not … the more they try and restrict the oil gushing out the bop ? … the more it will transfer to the leaks below .
Just like a leaky garden hose with a nozzle on it .
When you open up the nozzle ?… it does n’t leak so bad , you close the nozzle ? … it leaks real bad , same dynamics .
It is why they sawed the riser off … or tried to anyway … but they clipped it off , to relieve pressure on the leaks “ down hole ” .
I ’m sure there was a bit of panic time after they crimp / pinched off the large riser pipe and the Diamond wire saw got stuck and failed … because that crimp diverted pressure and flow to the rupture down below .
“ Contrary to what most of us would think as logical to stop the oil mess , actually opening up the gushing well and making it gush more became direction BP took after confirming that there was a leak .
In fact if you note their actions , that should become clear .
They have shifted from stopping or restricting the gusher to opening it up and catching it .
This only makes sense if they want to relieve pressure at the leak hidden down below the seabed ….. and that sort of leak is one of the most dangerous and potentially damaging kind of leak there could be .
It is also inaccessible which compounds our problems .
There is no way to stop that leak from above , all they can do is relieve the pressure on it and the only way to do that right now is to open up the nozzle above and gush more oil into the gulf and hopefully catch it , which they have done , they just neglected to tell us why , gee thanks .
“ A down hole leak is dangerous and damaging for several reasons .
There will be erosion throughout the entire beat up , beat on and beat down remainder of the “ system ” including that inaccessible leak .
The same erosion I spoke about in the first post is still present and has never stopped , cannot be stopped , is impossible to stop and will always be present in and acting on anything that is left which has crude oil “ Product ” rushing through it .
There are abrasives still present , swirling flow will create hot spots of wear and this erosion is relentless and will always be present until eventually it wears away enough material to break it ’s way out .
It will slowly eat the bop away especially at the now pinched off riser head and it will flow more and more .
Perhaps BP can outrun or keep up with that out flow with various suckage methods for a period of time , but eventually the well will win that race , just how long that race will be ?… no one really knows … .
However now ?… there are other problems that a down hole leak will and must produce that will compound this already bad situation .
“ This down hole leak will undermine the foundation of the seabed in and around the well area .
It also weakens the only thing holding up the massive Blow Out Preventer ’s immense bulk of 450 tons .
In fact ?
…we are beginning to the results of the well ’s total integrity beginning to fail due to the undermining being caused by the leaking well bore .
“ The first layer of the sea floor in the gulf is mostly lose material of sand and silt .
It does n’t hold up anything and is n’t meant to , what holds the entire subsea system of the Bop in place is the well itself …
The well ’s piping in comparison is actually very much smaller than the Blow Out Preventer and strong as it may be , it relies on some support from the seabed to function and not literally fall over …and it is now showing signs of doing just that …. falling over …
“ What is likely to happen now ?
“ Well … none of what is likely to happen is good , in fact …it ’s about as bad as it gets .
I am convinced the erosion and compromising of the entire system is accelerating and attacking more key structural areas of the well , the blow out preventer and surrounding strata holding it all up and together .
This is evidenced by the tilt of the blow out preventer and the erosion which has exposed the well head connection .
What eventually will happen is that the blow out preventer will literally tip over if they do not run supports to it as the currents push on it .
I suspect they will run those supports as cables tied to anchors very soon , if they do n’t , they are inviting disaster that much sooner .
“ Eventually even that will be futile as the well casings cannot support the weight of the massive system above with out the cement bond to the earth and that bond is being eroded away .
When enough is eroded away the casings will buckle and the BOP will collapse the well .
If and when you begin to see oil and gas coming up around the well area from under the BOP ?
or the area around the well head connection and casing sinking more and more rapidly ?
… it wo n’t be too long after that the entire system fails .
BP must be aware of this , they are mapping the sea floor sonically and that is not a mere exercise .
Our Gov’t must be well aware too , they just are not telling us .
“ All of these things lead to only one place , a fully wide open well bore directly to the oil deposit …after that , it goes into the realm of “ the worst things you can think of ” The well may come completely apart as the inner liners fail .
There is still a very long drill string in the well , that could literally come flying out …as I said … all the worst things you can think of are a possibility , but the very least damaging outcome as bad as it is , is that we are stuck with a wide open gusher blowing out 150,000 barrels a day of raw oil or more .
There is n’t any “ cap dome ” or any other suck fixer device on earth that exists or could be built that will stop it from gushing out and doing more and more damage to the gulf .
While at the same time also doing more damage to the well , making the chance of halting it with a kill from the bottom up less and less likely to work , which as it stands now ?…. is the only real chance we have left to stop it all .
“ It ’s a race now …a race to drill the relief wells and take our last chance at killing this monster before the whole weakened , wore out , blown out , leaking and failing system gives up it ’s last gasp in a horrific crescendo .
“ We are not even 2 months into it , barely half way by even optimistic estimates .
The damage done by the leaked oil now is virtually immeasurable already and it will not get better , it can only get worse .
No matter how much they can collect , there will still be thousands and thousands of gallons leaking out every minute , every hour of every day .
We have 2 months left before the relief wells are even near in position and set up to take a kill shot and that is being optimistic as I said .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Athletes have long known about the natural " high " exercise can induce .
Now , for the first time , medical researchers have demonstrated that exercise can reverse the effects in the brain of psychological trauma experienced early in life .
Exercise can ameliorate anxiety and depression - like behaviours induced by an adverse early - life environment by altering the chemical composition in the hippocampus - the part of the brain that regulates stress response , researchers from UNSW have found .
The findings , derived from studies on lab rats , are further evidence of the plasticity of the brain and its ability to re-map neural networks .
Previous studies from UNSW ’s School of Medical Sciences have shown that comfort eating - eating palatable food rich in fat and sugar - achieves similar results .
With many neurological diseases displaying origins in early life , the researchers believe the results could provide clues for novel ways to tackle a range of mood and behaviour disorders .
“ What ’s exciting about this is that we are able to reverse a behavioural deficit that was caused by a traumatic event early in life , simply through exercise , ” said Professor of Pharmacology Margaret Morris , who will present the findings this week at the International Congress of Obesity in Stockholm .
In the study , rats were divided into groups and either isolated from their mothers for controlled periods of time to induce stress or given normal maternal contact .
Half were given access to a running wheel .
In addition to being more anxious , animals that were subjected to stress early in life had higher levels of stress hormones and fewer steroid receptors in the part of the brain controlling behaviour .
“ Both the anxious behaviour and the levels of hormones in these rats were reversed with access to the exercise wheel , ” Professor Morris said .
“ We know that exercise can elevate mood , but here we are seeing chemical changes that may underpin this improvement .
One of these is increases in brain - derived neurotrophic factor ( BDNF ) , which helps nerve cells grow .
“ Many neurological diseases appear to have their origins early in life .
Stress hormones affect the way nerve cells grow in the brain .
This discovery may be giving us a clue about a different way to tackle a range of conditions that affect mood and behaviour , ” she said .
“ Here we also compared effects of exercise to eating palatable food , and it was equally effective , suggesting there ’s a more healthy option as an alternative . ”
A paper detailing the work appears this month in the journal Psychoneuroendocrinology .
Okay , so you 're starting to come down from your post - purchase iPhone 4 gadget high and you 're getting into the habit of using it just like you would any other phone .
FaceTime was a neat trick on day one , sure -- but if there 's a single thing significantly limiting its day - to - day usefulness , it 's the fact that you can only use it over WiFi at the moment .
Apple claims that they 've got more work to do with carriers to make it usable over cellular , but how legit is that claim ?
Seeing how MiFis and other mobile hotspot devices have quickly become a staple of doing business for us , we had a few lying around and figured we'd give it a shot : connect the phone to the MiFi , connect the MiFi to the 3G network , and give FaceTime a whirl .
Our first attempt -- a call between Chris in the US with a Verizon MiFi and Richard in the UK -- failed pretty miserably ( unlike our transatlantic Fring call ) , but a second call entirely within the UK using a 3 - branded MiFi from Huawei worked quite well , as did a US - to - US Verizon call between Chris and Ross .
In other words , it 's definitely possible , but you might not get as flawless of an experience as you 'll get with a nice , fat landline data connection backing you up .
Follow the break for all three videos .
Paul Joseph Watson & Alex Jones
Prisonplanet.com
Tuesday , Jun 8th , 2010
– Sales of shares and stocks in days and weeks beforehand
– Halliburton link , acquisition of cleanup company days before explosion
– BP report cites undocumented tampering with well sealing equipment
– Government uses disaster to push for Carbon Tax , Nationalization talk
Troubling evidence surrounding the Deepwater Horizon explosion on April 20th suggests that the incident could have been manufactured .
On April 12th , just over one week before the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded , Halliburton , the world ’s second largest oilfield services corporation , surprised some by acquiring Boots & Coots , a relatively small but vastly experienced oil
well control companies .
The company deals with fires and blowouts on oil rigs and oil wells .
It was responsible for putting out roughly one third of the more than 700 oil well fires set in Kuwait by retreating Iraqi soldiers during the Gulf War .
The deal itself is still under scrutiny with Boots and Coots facing an ongoing investigation into “ possible breaches of fiduciary duty and other violations of state law ”
Where this information gets really interesting is with the fact that Halliburton is named in the majority of some two dozen lawsuits filed since the explosion by Gulf Coast people and businesses who claim that the company is to blame for the disaster .
Halliburton was forced to admit in testimony at a congressional hearing last month that it carried out a cementing operation 20 hours before the Gulf of Mexico rig went up in flames .
The lawsuits claim that four Halliburton workers stationed on the rig improperly capped the well .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
As the New York Times noted on May 26th , “ BP officials chose , partly for financial reasons , to use a type of casing for the well that the company knew was the riskier of two options , ”
Workers from the rig and company officials have said that hours before the explosion , gases were leaking through the cement , which had been set in place by the oil services contractor , Halliburton .
Investigators have said these leaks were the likely cause of the explosion . ”
According to a 2007 study by Minerals Management Service , cementing was a factor in 18 of 39 rig blowouts in the gulf between 1992 and 2006 .
Another intriguing connection Boots and Coots has to the Deepwater Horizon explosion comes via Pat Campbell , the man BP has employed to cap the well beneath the ruined rig .
Campbell worked for Boots and Coots as general manager for many years .
BP has admitted to buying Yahoo and Google keywords in an attempt to control publicly available information in the wake of the catastrophe .
It seems that the company is taking all the flack for the spill while the Halliburton link is being roundly ignored .
BP ’s prepared testimony briefing , which has since leaked online , also intriguingly notes that the Hydraulic Control System on equipment designed to automatically seal the well in an emergency was modified without their knowledge sometime before the explosion .
“ the extent of these modifications is unknown at this time ” states the report on page 37 .
Possible prior knowledge of the explosion is also evident via huge dumping of stocks and shares in the weeks and days prior to the incident .
Goldman Sachs dumped 44 % of its shares in BP
Oil during the first quarter – shares that subsequently lost 36 percent of their value , equating to $ 96 million .
Other asset management firms also sold huge blocks of BP stock in the first quarter .
Though the amounts pale in comparison to Goldman ’s holdings , Wachovia , owned by Wells Fargo , sold 98 % of its shares in BP and Swiss bank UBS sold 97 % of its BP shares .
Furthermore , as reported by the London Telegraph on June 5th , Tony Hayward , the chief executive of BP , sold £ 1.4 million of his shares in the fuel giant weeks before the spill .
In the days before the Deepwater explosion , Obama had announced a new effort to explore for and lease new drilling locations in the deep Gulf and in Alaska .
In the wake of the disaster , these plans have been cancelled and BP is taking a PR bashing .
All of which has been capitalized on by the Obama administration to reinvigorate talk of a carbon tax and has created the opportunity to reintroduce the idea of nationalizing oil , which the Democratic leadership has long sought .
The full story of what is happening in the Gulf of Mexico is yet to emerge , there are rumours of more spills and an ongoing coverup .
The site represents a $ 2.2 trillion source of wealth and power , a motive along with a plethora of suspicious activity that needs to be investigated further .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
( PhysOrg.com ) -- Scientists in Cambridge have found cracks in the long - standing theory that the number of eggs animals have -- and the size of those eggs -- is related to how much parental care they invest in their offspring .
Humans , like other mammals , have relatively few offspring into which they invest an immense amount of effort .
In cold - blooded animals such as fish and amphibians , however , eggs vary greatly in size and number .
Evidence suggests that parental care and producing larger eggs go hand - in - hand .
But a new analysis of reproductive strategies in insects by Dr James Gilbert and Dr Andrea Manica of the University of Cambridge shows that this relationship does not hold in the insect world .
According to Dr Gilbert : " Our results are wholly unexpected .
We found that , regardless of how much effort insect species invest in parental care , the relative size of their eggs did not change .
This means we may have to reassess our ideas about how caring for offspring affects their size . "
When they looked at relationships between egg numbers and parental care in insects , they found even more surprising results .
" In insects that do not care for their eggs , we found that the larger the insect , the more eggs they have .
What is really surprising is that in insects that feed their offspring , this relationship is reversed : the bigger the insect , the fewer eggs they have . "
Dung beetles are a case in point .
Even though they are among the largest beetles in the world , some lay only three or four eggs during their lives - fewer eggs than any other insect - putting an immense amount of effort into each offspring .
" These insects ' reproductive strategy is more like mammals and birds , " says Dr Gilbert .
Burying beetles ( pictured ) also feed offspring - but despite being smaller , they have many more offspring than dung beetles .
Why this should be the case could , Dr Gilbert believes , simply be due to how much food large offspring need .
He explains : " If you feed your offspring , you are personally responsible for meeting the energy requirements of the whole brood .
If you belong to a bigger species , both you and all your offspring are bigger , so although your size lets you bring more food to your offspring , the energy requirements of each and every offspring have also increased . "
" That means that the requirements of the whole brood are going to go through the roof , because you have to multiply that increase in demand by a factor of however many young you have .
The bigger the species you belong to , the fewer offspring you can physically feed . "
The results are published online this week in The American Naturalist .
Do you have questions about inheritance , tipping , weddings , family feuds , friends or any tricky issues relating to manners and money ?
Send them to MarketWatch 's Moneyist and please include the state where you live ( no full names will be used ) .
Harry Reid launches new ad touting Las Vegas veterans hospital
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ’s campaign today launched a new television ad focused on the construction of the new veterans hospital in Las Vegas — the funding for which he helped secure .
The ad fits into Reid ’s strategy of seeking to convince voters his leadership position is critical for Nevada , a small western state with little other clout .
So far , Reid has spent a fair amount of time defending and building support for major pieces of legislation such as the stimulus and health care bill , which were n’t solely targeted at Nevada .
But political analysts say to be successful , he ’ll have to point to very specific projects that voters have a tangible connection to — projects that , as analyst Jennifer Duffy with the Cook Report says , voters pass on their way to work .
While Republicans have spent millions demonizing the health care bill and stimulus , it ’s a bit harder to attack a veterans hospital that will keep some Southern Nevada ’s ill veterans from having to travel to California for care .
In Lou We Trust user C.J. Richey 121 posted earlier this morning , this fascinating Rich Chere article about Jamie Langenbrunner , Jacques Lemaire , and the issues in the New Jersey Devils locker room from the 2009 - 10 season .
It 's well worth your time to read it .
In light of what in what some critics have said about Langenbrunner 's and the team 's playoff performance - myself included on both the captain and the team ( players & coaches ) - it paints a nuanced picture of what actually went on among the team behind closed doors .
Rather than go into every detail , I 'd like to highlight three quotes that really stuck out when I read it and my additional thoughts based on those quotes with respect to this past regular season and playoffs .
Here 's the first quote that struck me :
" There were some differences of opinion when it came to dealing with a few issues , " Langenbrunner said .
" There were some things that were done that probably did n’t help the situation .
For most of the season it was fine , up until Christmas . "
So much for the canard that the arrival of Ilya Kovalchuk messed up the team 's chemistry or anything like that .
Though , this makes the issue even worse in my opinion .
By Christmas , the team was incredibly successful amid several serious injuries to Devils players .
In retrospect , I think a slump was inevitable - teams tend to regress to their mean overtime and after being up so high early , there had to be some sort downfall .
Still , I can't help but think these issues that Langenbrunner talks about may have exacerbated the slump in some way .
I will never know the full details of what happened in the locker room during 2009 - 10 , so I freely admit that I do n't necessarily know what I 'm talking about .
That said , given how the season ended as well as the other issues brought up in the article continuing through the playoffs , it certainly does n't seem that all of them were addressed in any constructive manner .
To me , that 's on the players as well as Lemaire and his staff - and maybe even management .
Was there any sign of an out - reach to at least say , " OK , you 're not happy about X ; let 's actually discuss your problem with X , can we at least come to some sort of agreement about X ? "
Some kind of constructive discussion at all ?
In any case , right after that quote comes quote - of - importance # 2 :
" There were a few things that happened , a few issues that were tough for me to let go .
I probably did n’t handle them correctly .
Not all personalities completely mesh , but they are able to work together .
I had no problems with the way he treated me .
It was more about team issues that we would never agree on . "
Lemaire ’s need to constantly juggle line combinations was questioned by some players and Ilya Kovalchuk ’s freewheeling individual freedom and quarterbacking on the power play did not sit well with others .
Really , Jamie .
You probably did n't handle them correctly ?
I 'll admit that while reading this , a part of me is sympathetic for the players .
I 'd be pretty unhappy too if my role on the team was n't clearly defined , that I may not find out until close to game - time that I 'm not playing , and were I the captain , that someone else would have the ' C ' if I 'm not playing .
Another part of me is rolling their eyes heavily .
Maybe it's my unhappiness from the playoffs and Langenbrunner in particular Let me echo Gabe Desjardens on intangibles for a moment .
Nearly every one of those players on the New Jersey Devils has played hockey for most of their lives , having dealt with all kinds of personalities at every level of the game , and enjoying success to varying degrees at the amateur or professional level .
These are not children , these are fully - grown adults who know way more about what it takes to play in the NHL than I ever will .
I do n't know what 's going on in their heads and unless you 're one of those players , you do n't know either .
Therefore , I think it is foolhardy to believe or assume that they are so fragile emotionally and professionally that disagreement with a coach 's decision - something I 'm sure they felt at one point of their lives or another before even thinking about the NHL - is going to undercut their performance on the ice .
And yet , that 's what I 'm being sold here by this article .
They were bothered by it and therefore it may have carried over into their performance .
Maybe I have it wrong .
Maybe the team 's collective psyche was that much bothered by Lemaire 's decisions - even from the fourth liners / sixth - defenseman who learned about not playing in a postseason game during the day .
Maybe Langenbrunner 's own quasi-admission of guilt led to further rifts that apparently not too many players looked to reach over which affected their performance in their own way .
Maybe the team needs to hire a new psychologist or therapist ?
An Aside : I do n't believe for a second that if the Devils / Langenbrunner had did not these apparent problems , then they would have beaten the Flyers in the first round .
Unless a happy locker room somehow correlates to shooting the puck more precisely and I 'm just not aware of the connection , or something .
At most , this was a contributing cause , not the root cause .
That all said , here 's the third quote :
Langenbrunner was unhappy about being a healthy scratch for the April 3 game in Raleigh , N.C. , and remained silent on the matter for the next four days .
He still will not discuss the incident in detail , but two other members of the organization suggested Lemaire disrespected Langenbrunner by trying to give the " C " to defenseman Colin White for that one game .
White would n’t wear it .
" I look up to Jamie .
He is our leader , " White said .
" I ’ve always looked up to him and I ’ve told him that .
I do n’t think our ( team ’s ) leadership can be challenged . "
You may see this as a great thing .
That Colin White was ( is ? ) fully behind Langenbrunner as captain so much so , that he did n't even want to wear the ' C ' when he would sit for a game .
In a way , it was a great thing .
A team 's captain should have the support of his teammates .
This example validates Langenbrunner wearing the ' C . '
Yet , what was Lemaire supposed to do ?
He felt Langenbrunner needed to rest and in that case , he needed to name a replacement captain for just one game .
As one of the alternates , surely White would have fit the bill for just one game .
White would n't even do that - and apparently neither Zach Parise or Patrik Elias did n't or were n't asked - and so Lemaire went with just 3 alternates on April 3 , 2010 .
As it turned out , Langenbrunner returned after that game and wore the ' C ' ever since .
It was n't as if it was up for competition .
Perhaps I 'm overthinking this , but if an alternate captain is n't willing to take the ' C ' for a game , then what does that say ?
That the team will follow the team captain so much so that they cannot step up when he is n't available or is n't inspiring the team ?
The larger point is that with most of the team returning for 2010 - 11 , Langenbrunner is likely to remain as captain unless the new head coach or Lou has some other ideas .
Right after Game 5 , you might not have felt like he should be anywhere near a ' C ' ( I 'll admit to this ) and you may still feel that way .
That 's fair .
Though , he apparently has the trust of most of his teammates , and that 's really the most important factor .
Not one through four abysmal playoff performance or disappearing within the last few weeks of the season , but whether or not he commands the respect of his peers is the most important factor in determining a captain .
Besides , it 's not like Langenbrunner stopped being a captain after Christmas 2009 - he was captain of the United States in the Olympics , after all .
I do n't doubt his capability .
However , after these three quotes and the article as a whole , I have to question whether or not he ( and by extension , the other Devils ) are willing to look themselves in the mirror and admit the root causes behind these issues .
It 's easy to point the finger at Lemaire now that he's not the head coach now , but that 's probably not going to solve much of anything .
He needs to ask himself what he could have handled better and more importantly , how he - and by extension , the team - will ensure it wo n't become a problem with the new head coach .
For all I know , maybe he has been , is currently doing that , and will continue to do so throughout the summer .
For all I know , he 's come to grips that the head coach usually decides upon lineups and not the players .
If so , great .
If not , well , there 's plenty of time for him to worry about it ..
Ultimately , in the big picture , I see this as a two - sided problem with one side already out of the picture .
Jacques Lemaire is gone now and there will be a new head coach .
Maybe the new head coach will be more palatable for the Devils players .
Let us hope there will be improved relations in the back - especially from the captain .
That was my take on this excellent article by Rich Chere .
Please read it and let me know what you think about it in the comments .
Did you see things differently from what I read ?
Do you come out of this with a better opinion of Langenbrunner and / or Lemaire ?
Again , thanks to ILWT user C.J. Richey 121 for finding it first where I noticed it .
The lost language of Ugaritic was last spoken 3,500 years ago .
It survives on just a few tablets , and linguists could only translate it with years of hard work and plenty of luck .
A computer deciphered it in hours .
Advertisement
The computer program relies on a few basic assumptions in order to make intuitive guesses about the language 's structure .
Most importantly , the lost language has to be closely related to a known , deciphered language , which in the case of Ugaritic is Hebrew .
Second , the alphabets of the two languages need to share some consistent correlations between the individual letters or symbols .
There should also be recognizable cognates of words between the two languages , and words that have prefixes or suffixes in one language ( like verbs that end in " - ing " or " - ed " in English ) should show the same features in the other language .
That might seem like a lot of information for the program to require , but even all that is no guarantee of decipherment .
After Ugaritic was first discovered in 1929 , it remained untranslatable for years .
It finally revealed some of its secrets to German cryptographer Hans Bauer , who was only able to make substantial headway when he guessed the drawing of an ax was next to the Ugaritic word for " ax . "
Even this breakthrough was n't a complete success , because although Bauer 's guess was correct he matched the wrong sounds and letters together , resulting in a mistranslation .
Advertisement
So , the question for the computer program was n't just how quickly it could translate Ugaritic compared to its human counterparts ; there 's also whether it could avoid the mistakes and pitfalls that had slowed down the initial decipherment .
The program worked by looking for correlations and correspondences at the various levels of languages described above - individual sounds and letters , different segments of the word , and cognates between languages .
It then mapped the similarities between Hebrew and Ugaritic , starting with the sounds and then bringing in the other aspects to figure out the most probable matches .
By cross-referencing these different parts of language and repeating the process hundreds of thousands of times , the program arrives at a fully deciphered Ugaritic .
The results were stunning .
Of the thirty letters in the Ugaritic alphabet , the computer correctly identified twenty - nine of them .
Of the roughly third of all Ugaritic words that share Hebrew cognates , the program figured out sixty percent of them , and many of the errors were only off by a letter or two .
These results are particularly encouraging because the program still does n't use any contextual clues , meaning it can't differentiate between the different uses of a Ugaritic word that means both " daughter " and " house " , something that is ( thankfully ) pretty easy to identify in context .
The program also was n't able to use the " ax " coincidence that had made the human decipherment of the language possible .
Best of all , the program did all this in only a few hours .
Ugaritic itself is an awesomely fascinating language .
Spoken 3,500 years ago in the city of Ugarit , located in modern Syria , the language is a Semitic relative of Hebrew , although its alphabet closely resembles the cuneiform used in ancient Sumeria .
The surviving Ugaritic texts tell the stories of a Canaanite religion that is similar but not identical to that recorded in the Old Testament , providing Bible scholars a unique opportunity to examine how the Bible and ancient Israelite culture developed in relation to its neighbors .
[ Original paper ]
June 2010
( A seventh grader sent me these interview questions for a school project . )
1 . What are some qualifications of a computer programmer ?
Programmers tell computers what to do — not in a human language like English but in special unambiguous languages called programming languages .
Commands written in a programming language are called code .
Programmers should be able to translate their ideas about what a program should do into code that 's reliable , efficient , and easy to change later .
The best programmers are the ones who are not only good at translating ideas into code , but who have the best ideas .
2 . What is the best part of being a computer programmer ?
The worst ?
The most challenging ?
For me the best part is building things .
Although programs are n't physical , when you write a good program you get the same feeling of achievement you 'd get from making something like a piece of pottery or a house ( depending on how big the program is ) .
For me the worst thing about programming is dealing with external constraints .
You do n't usually have complete freedom when writing a program .
Usually your boss ( or your customer ) tells you what your program has do to , and it has to cooperate with other programs to do it .
Often things you 're told to do , and the programs your program has to cooperate with , are confusing or stupid .
So you do n't get to do things the way you 'd like to .
What 's most challenging about being a programmer depends on how good you are .
For bad programmers , like bad cooks , the mere mechanics of programming are challenging .
Whereas good programmers , like good cooks , can make whatever they choose , so for them the big challenge is deciding what to make .
3 . What 's the salary range in this career ?
The range is very wide , because some programmers start their own companies and if these companies succeed they can make a lot .
The lowest paid programmers seem to make around $ 35,000 a year .
The richest programmers , like Larry Page and Sergey Brin , the founders of Google , become billionaires .
4 . What is a typical day in the life of a computer programmer ?
This varies so much that there 's no one answer .
Programmers who work for bureaucratic organizations like governments or big companies may spend nearly all their time in meetings or responding to email , and hardly any time actually writing code .
Whereas programmers who work for startup companies or on research projects spend many hours a day programming .
Interruptions are very bad for programming , so people who spend a lot of time programming often do it at times when they 'll be left alone , like late at night or early in the morning .
5 . What is some advice you would give to young computer programmers ?
Programming is something you learn by doing .
So do n't be passive .
Do n't wait for classes to teach you how to program .
The way you learn is by starting projects of your own .
( This is true for most fields , actually , not just programming . )
6 . Is it easy to find a job as a computer programmer ?
If you 're good it 's always easy to find programming jobs .
Even when the economy is bad there is a shortage of good programmers .
7 . What was your most exciting project ?
Probably the program I wrote in my last year of college that could understand some sentences in English .
It was not impressive by present day standards , but it was more sophisticated than most of the programs we were writing in our classes in those days .
8 . What skills do you think young programmers need for the job ?
Mostly they need the same skills programmers of any age need .
If there is one mistake that young programmers tend to to make , it 's that they tend to over - engineer things .
They get carried away with their own cleverness and build things that are overcomplicated .
So a truly precocious young programmer would be one who 'd learned not to do that .
9 . What improvement does computer programming give for human life ?
Computers are so widespread now that there is practically no aspect of life that is n't affected by programming .
10 .
What is the future direction of computer programming ?
Technological change is always hard to predict , but programming seems to be changing from a kind of work in which you build everything yourself to one in which you plug together programs written by other people .
So it is becoming more important to know what other programs you can use as building blocks and how to stick them together , and less important to know how to build basic " plumbing " yourself .
11 . Would life be a lot worse without computer programming ?
How much ?
Why ?
One way to answer that question is to look at what things were like before computers were widespread : in , say , 1950 .
There were a lot of things you could n't do then you can do now .
Some are obvious , like make cell phone calls .
Others are more subtle : aircraft today are more efficient because the calculations for their designs are done with computers instead of manually , and we have drugs today that we could n't have had in 1950 because programs were needed to discover them .
U.S. President Barack Obama ( R ) hands a bottle of Prime Minister David Cameron 's " Hob Goblin " beer to U.S. Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner as Cameron ( L ) looks at the label of Obama 's " Goose Island 312 " beer after the two leaders exchanged beers as part of a World Cup Soccer bet , at the end of their bilateral meeting at the G20 Summit in Toronto June 26 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Jason Reed
TORONTO ( Reuters ) - U.S. President Barack Obama and Prime Minister David Cameron exchanged beers on Saturday to honour their bet over the England - U.S. World Cup soccer match that ended in a draw .
“ This is Goose Island 312 beer from my hometown of Chicago .
... I advised him that in America we drink our beer cold , ” Obama said after a meeting with Britain ’s new prime minister at a Group of 20 summit in Toronto .
Cameron reciprocated with a brew local to his Witney constituency called Hobgoblin .
Obama had earlier given Cameron a ride to Toronto in his Marine One helicopter from the Group of Eight summit in a resort north of Toronto , and apparently suggested his passenger pay his own way .
“ Thank you also for the lift between the two .
It was -- he threatened to send me a bill , but as I said , times are very tight in the UK , so I ’m afraid we ’ll have to take it as a free lift , ” Cameron said .
Earlier this year , Obama shipped a case of American beer to Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper after losing a bet over the men ’s Olympic hockey final in which Canada beat the United States .
Q : My family planted a small space of mint about 10 years ago .
We thought it would be nice to add to teas and such .
Well , the plant exploded and has grown to cover an area of about 15 by 20 feet .
Is there a way to permanently dispose of this nuisance ?
We ’ve tried , but it always comes back .
A : That ’s just more evidence for my theory that mint is attempting to take over the Earth .
This is a family that creeps amazingly well -- even in poor soil and under several inches of mulch .
Mint also recovers exceptionally well when it ’s dug or pulled .
Miss a piece of torn - off rhizome and the plant comes back and resumes spreading .
A really bad drought is one of the few things that seems to discourage it .
If you ’re not averse to herbicides , you can eliminate mint by spraying leaves with glyphosate ( i.e. RoundUp ) or a similar kill - everything - green herbicide .
These move into the roots and kill more thoroughly than leaf - burning types of herbicides .
You ’ll probably need to repeat treatments whenever you see remnants trying to restart .
If you get these before they have a chance to absorb sunlight and recharge , you ’ll ultimately win .
I ’m not a fan of reaching for the sprayer as a first option , so I ’d attempt to achieve the same thing by pulling and digging .
You ’ll invariably fail to get every last piece on the first try , but if you keep watching for regrowth and pull and dig that , you ’ll eventually win .
That plan will just take more time and effort .
Also options are “ kinder , gentler ” ways to kill plants , i.e. pouring boiling water on them , blasting them with flames from a propane torch or dousing them with vinegar or a vinegar - based commercial herbicide .
OK , none of those are very kind either , but they ’re alternatives to synthetic - chemical herbicides .
Mints would actually be great additions to any garden if they were a bit better behaved .
They ’re useful in a variety of ways and also smell nice .
Countless times I ’ve been asked : “ Martyn , how do I become a top - drawer beer historian like you and Ron ? “ Countless ” meaning , of course , zero .
But if I were putting together a course on the basics of British brewing history , here ’s the ten books that would be top of the reading list :
1:Peter Mathias , The Brewing Industry in England 1700 - 1830 , Cambridge University Press , 1959 ( reprinted Gregg Revivals 1993 )
More than 50 years on , this is still the book that all other studies of the brewing industry have to live up to .
It ’s basically “ only ” 600 pages on the big 12 London porter brewers ( although it does take a look outside the capital , and at brews other than porter ) .
It covers just 130 years , from just before improvements in the production of brown beer enabled those dozen players to grow to previously unheard of sizes , through to the year of the Beerhouse Act .
The Act dramatically liberalised licensing laws , and it marks a convenient point to halt in the history of British beer drinking , since after 1830 , probably coincidentally , the giant porter brewers would be slowly overhauled by their rivals .
Matthias uses his sources brilliantly , marshalls his arguments superbly , and presents a book so definitive it is impossible to see why anyone would feel there was any need to tackle the same area again .
Completely necessary reading to anyone interested in British brewing history , as well as a brilliant example of how to write well about a complex subject with a huge amount of statistical information where it would be dangerously easy to be dull .
2 : Terry Gourvish and Richard Wilson , The British Brewing Industry 1830 - 1980 , Cambridge University Press , 1994
Another 600 - pager : Gourvish and Wilson pick up the baton where Mathias left it leaning against the side of the mash tun , and cover a similar number of years in almost equal detail , this time ranging across Britain rather than concentrating mostly on London .
They are excellent at picking up the recurring themes since 1830 in Britain ’s beer manufacturing and retailing businesses , themes that are still with us three decades after their book ’s narrative ended .
You cannot , I think , understand the British brewing industry today without reading Gourvish and Wilson , and seeing how the five - way pull between brewers , retailers , consumers , legislators and social restrictivists has operated continually since the reign of William IV .
Just as with Mathias , if you ’re going to write about the history of beer in a British context , this book needs to be ( a ) on your bookshelf and ( b ) heavily marked up with highlighter pen .
3 : Judith M Bennett , Ale , Beer and Brewsters in England 1300 - 1600 , Oxford University Press , 1996
Bennett , an American , looks at the history of brewing in medieval England from a feminist perspective : the subtitle is “ women ’s work in a changing world ” , and her thesis is that as making ale and , after 1400 , the new hopped drink beer became increasingly professional , so women were squeezed out of the brewing scene they had once dominated .
If this seems a narrow line to plough , know that while presenting her arguments Bennett manages to supply easily the best coverage on medieval brewing in England currently available .
If you do n’t want to appear a fool when writing about the assize of ale and similar subjects , Ale , Beer and Brewsters is another vital volume .
4 : Pamela Sambrook , Country House Brewing in England 1500 - 1900 , The Hambledon Press , 1996
Sambrook details an aspect of the story of ale and beer that is often ignored : the enormous ( until the 19th century ) “ private ” brewing sector , when almost every home over a certain size , especially outside the south - east , would have its own brewery to supply ale and beer to family , servants and workers .
It ’s a fascinating read anyway , and it gives essential knowledge for a proper perspective on British brewing .
5 : Max Nelson , The Barbarian ’s Beverage : A History of Beer in Ancient Europe , Routledge , 2005
A long shelf of nonsense has been written about beer in the classical world , by people who did n’t speak classical languages and who relied on ( often poor ) translations by scholars who did not know enough about brewing to make sense of what they were reading .
Nelson is a classicist who clearly has considerable knowledge about beer making , and The Barbarian ’s Beverage is a currently unbeatable survey of brewing in the pre-Roman , Roman and immediately post - Roman eras .
Some of Nelson ’s theories are unconvincing : I do n’t believe at all , for example , that the cerevisia and camum of the Romans were names for barley beer and wheat beer respectively .
All the evidence I have seen suggests they were simply regional names for beer in general , each the equivalent of zythum in Egypt .
But Nelson ’s main theme , that the ancient Greeks are responsible for the lack of respect still given to beer , compared to wine , two millennia and more on is a likely - sounding and satisfying one .
6 : Terry Gourvish , Norfolk Beers from English Barley , a history of Steward & Patteson , Centre for East Anglian Studies , 1987
Terry Gourvish ’s history of the Norwich brewer Steward & Patteson is equalled as an example of the very best in single - brewer historical studies only by his fellow East Anglian brewing history academic Richard Wilson ’s Greene King , a Business and Family History from 1983 .
It ’s detailed , it ’s thorough , it provides masses of invaluable information and it ties in the particular story to the wider events that were influencing the growth of S&P and its eventual takeover and demise .
If you think you might like to write a history of your local brewery , read this and see how it should be done .
( Unfortunately this now appears to be an extremely rare book and is currently available second - hand on the net only at the “ you ’re ’ avin a larf ” price of $ 245 . )
7 : John Bickerdyke , The Curiosities of Ale and Beer , Swan Sonnenschein , London , 1889 ( reprinted Kessinger Publishing , 2009 )
Any student of brewing history has to read at least one of the “ antiquarian ” books on beer , simply to see where so many of today ’s myths have arrived from , and this is the best : lively , wide - ranging and entertaining .
Charles Henry Cook , who wrote under the name “ John Bickerdyke ” , was a journalist who clearly believed in the newspaperman ’s motto “ never let the facts get in the way of a good story ” .
Much of his writing wilts when the light of evidence - based historical research is shone on it .
But you ’ll have fun being misled .
8 : Paul Jennings , The Local , a History of the English Pub , Tempus , 2007
You ca n’t study the history of beer without studying the development of the pub , and Paul Jennings , who produced an excellent book on The Public House in Bradford , 1770 - 1970 , followed this up with a fine study of the pub in general and its relationship over centuries with its customers , its suppliers , the local community and the state .
9 : Martyn Cornell , Beer : The Story of the Pint , Hodder Headline , 2003
I remember my tutors at university used to put their own works on the reading list ( one told us he did n’t mind if we stole his books from the university bookshop , as the publisher would already have been paid …) and I ’m big - headed enough to plug my study of brewing from the Sumerians to the start of this century because I still do n’t think there ’s a better , more comprehensive and more accurate general history of beer brewing in Britain available .
And Mrs Zythophile agrees .
10 : Martyn Cornell , Amber Gold and Black : the History of Britain ’s Great Beers The History Press , 2010
It ’s even more true that there is n’t , yet , another book covering the backstories of all the beers made in Britain , past and present , at all .
AGB is the first ever comprehensive beerstyle history book , it delivers some dramatically different versions of the histories of major beer styles to the ones that almost all other books about beer put forward , and any student on the History of Beer course who reveals in their essays that they have n’t read it will be given an automatic F …
Their e-mail also questioned two previous , unrelated incidents in Collins ' class .
" Earlier in the year , we did let the comment go about marriage and the taking of your husband 's last name , " though it was an " unnecessary comment to make to the girls and had little or nothing to do with English , " it said .
" Later , we were all exposed to your very strong feelings about the health - care proposal .
. . .
Another platform that neither of us felt was necessary for the classroom . "
This is a very sad day for me .
In Part One of this series , when I argued that gold might be about to go vertical , I made a whole bunch of new friends among the gold bugs .
And now I 'm going to lose them all .
That 's ...
How about this for a paywall twist .... a US newspaper publisher has decided to charge users a fee for posting comments on its newspaper website .
From tomorrow , the Sun Chronicle , a Massachusetts paper , will charge would - be commenters a nominal one - off fee of 99 cents .
But it has to be paid by credit card , which means providing a real name and address .
And the name on the credit card will be the name that will appear on comments .
So it 's goodbye to anonymity .
At the same time , the poster must acknowledge that he / she will abide by US state and federal law and agree to be legally responsible for any content he / she posts .
The Sun Chronicle had previously suspended commenting across its sites back in April and the publisher , Oreste D'Arconte , said he hopes the move to stop anonymity would " eliminate past excesses that included blatant disregard for our appropriateness guidelines , blind accusations and unsubstantiated allegations " .
Posters who violate the guidelines will be banned from the site , said D'Arconte , adding : " This is a necessary step , in my opinion , if the Sun Chronicle is going to continue to provide a forum for comments on our websites . "
In the US , the argument against revealing one 's real name is that it infringes the right to free speech .
Advocates of anonymity believe it inhibits people from expressing minority opinions .
Here 's a typical statement of that ethos , expounded by Eva Galperin : " Anonymous speech has always been an integral part of free speech because it enables individuals to speak up and speak out when they otherwise may find reason to hide or self - censor .
" Behind the veil of anonymity , individuals are more free to surface honest observations , unheard complaints , unpopular opinions . "
She made that comment in response to a decision last week by the US gaming giant Activision Blizzard to demand that its users log in using their real names .
The company was then forced into a swift and embarrassing reversal of that decision after ( forgive the pun ) a blizzard of protests .
Sources : Sun Chronicle / The Wall / Editors ' weblog / Electric Frontier Foundation
There has been a sharp increase in the number of men seeking help with forced marriages , the government has revealed .
The rise of over 65 % in calls from men to the Forced Marriage Unit ( FMU ) last year is so significant that experts now believe far more British men are being forced into wedlock than had been thought .
" The calls we receive are the tip of the iceberg , " said a spokesman for the FMU .
" It now seems likely that men account for one in five of all the forced marriages that take place to British citizens . "
Men at risk are usually aged from 15 to 24 , but the FMU recently received a call to their helpline from a 62 - year - old widower whose family was trying to force him to marry a 35 - year - old woman because they no longer wanted to care for him .
Cases also include an underaged man taken to Pakistan and forcibly engaged to his five - year - old cousin .
Just two weeks ago , the FMU took a call from a young man living in Leicester whose family had locked him in his bedroom after discovering that he was gay .
He told the FMU that his family were downstairs , discussing whether to take him to India and either kill him , abandon him there or marry him off .
" Professionals and communities can be very intolerant towards men being forced into marriage , even if they have learnt to be sympathetic to women in the same situation , " said the spokesman for the FMU .
" It can be hard to persuade people to believe it even happens .
" But the threats to these young men are very real .
We received a call recently from a young man taken to Pakistan .
He did n't know he was going to be married , and when he refused , he was locked in a room .
Every day , his father came in to beat him – we 're talking broken legs and sexual abuse . "
Last year , the FMU gave advice and support to 1,682 men and women regarding suspected forced marriage .
More than 220 calls and emails involved male victims , up from 134 in 2008 .
As of the end of May this year , there have been 88 calls from men for help .
The majority of calls come from men linked to Pakistan , followed by India and Bangladesh .
But the FMU has also received calls from British men with links to the Middle East , Africa and eastern Europe .
" Boys and men who are forced into marriage find it harder to ask for help than women , " said Jeremy Browne , Foreign & Commonwealth Office minister for Consular Policy .
" Of course , women make up the majority of forced marriage victims , and over 1,400 reports of women facing this abuse were dealt with by the FMU last year .
But people often do n't realise that men can be victims of forced marriage too . "
Men report being forced into marriage because they are gay or bisexual , or because their families suspect that they are .
But it can also be a result of family commitments to relatives abroad or their own expectations , securing visas or an attempt to control their son's behaviour or protect a family 's reputation .
" This kind of abuse must not be tolerated , " said Lynne Featherstone , equalities minister .
Men and women who have been forced into marriage , or who fear they are about to be forced , can apply for a Forced Marriage Protection Order .
Since coming into force in 2008 , more than 150 orders , which can also be applied for by others acting on their behalf , have been taken out .
Chatters Veteran
Join Date : Jul 2006 Radelaide , South Australia Posts : 5,387
The 107 % rule - analysis
I thought I 'd do a little calculating , and see who would be eliminated from the GPs so far if this rule were in place now .
Do n't know why ...
GP Q1 TIME 107 % TIME DRIVERS ELIMINATED ( TIME ) Bahrain 1:54.612 2:02.635 SEN ( 2:03:204 ) CHA ( 2:04.904 ) Australia 1:24.774 1:30.708 N/ A Malaysia 1:46.283 1:53.723 CHA ( 1:56.299 ) SEN ( 1:57.269 ) DIG ( 1:59.997 ) China 1:35.641 1:42.336 N/ A Spain 1:21.412 1:27.111 SEN ( 1:27.122 ) Monaco 1:14.757 1:19.990 N/ A Turkey 1:27.067 1:33.162 N/ A Canada 1:15.889 1:21.201 CHA ( 1:27.757 )
Interesting .
Excluding Malaysia , which featured variable weather , there were only 4 occasions where a driver /s were slower then 107 % of the fastest Q1 time .
Excluding Chandhok 's problem in Canada , that leaves only 3 .
Obviously ( if HRT continue next year ) , the only logical prediction is that HRT , like Virgin and Lotus , will close the gap slightly more .
So I ask the question : Will this rule make any real difference ?
And if not , why is it being brought back ?
So , the FIA has re-introduced the 107 % rule for 2011 , meaning any cars outside the 107 % bracket of the fastest Q1 time will not be allowed to compete .
I thought I 'd do a little calculating , and see who would be eliminated from the GPs so far if this rule were in place now .
Do n't know why ... Interesting .
Excluding Malaysia , which featured variable weather , there were only 4 occasions where a driver /s were slower then 107 % of the fastest Q1 time .
Excluding Chandhok 's problem in Canada , that leaves only 3 .
Obviously ( if HRT continue next year ) , the only logical prediction is that HRT , like Virgin and Lotus , will close the gap slightly more .
So I ask the question : Will this rule make any real difference ?
And if not , why is it being brought back ?
An expose at a local Houston television station is sure to rile company critics when it enters the mainstream media : an operator at a BP phone bank has accused the company of setting them up as a diversion for anguished residents affected by the recent oil spill .
“ We ’re a diversion to stop them from really getting to the corporate office , to the big people , ” claimed “ Janice , ” a pseudonym for an operator interviewed by Houston ’s Channel 11 .
( Source : RawStory.com and Mediaite.com )
RipOff Report Report
A whole fucking week without me !
Oh lord how you must have suffered :: stuck contemplating the trivialities of your own banal existence :: void of humor and style :: lost like an ugly child at the State Fair … wandering around in pig / chicken shit … crying out for your momma and licking the residue of liquid cheese from inside the ocean bound plastic that served up your SuperNachoCornDog™ .
Whatever :: I ’m back !
Shut up and do everything I tell you .
Speaking of finger food pig fuckers :: Ed Magedson .
Ed Magedson is the bloated sow responsible for the Rip - Off Report .
He ’s an advocate for the consumer he is .
According to several Ed Magedson tribute sites {registered by Ed Magedson} …
“ If you are new to RIpoffreport.com it is a consumer advocacy site where consumers who have been wronged can share their experience .
Companies are encouraged to post a rebuttal and share their side , very similar to the Better Business Bureau , but our difference is that we do not remove the posts or make information go away if the business asks . ”
“ Ed Magedson created a great thing .
He dedicated his life to it , and now gets threats every week .
Why ?
Because he is not afraid to stand up to corruption , he fights for his rights and ours to freedom of speech . ”
He fights for freedom !
How nice …
Of course :: the “ great thing ” that he dedicated his life to is a total fucking sham … and he a sham of a man .
But oh well :: you win some … you lose some .
The idea behind Rip - Off Report sounds simple and good .
People can post complaints about companies who have screwed them over :: and those companies can reply … or go and suck it .
Presumably :: credible sounding reports that are informational and get talked about and linked to will rank well in the search engines … exposing shenanigans .
And false accusations about Vicious Garden Gnomes paying nude oiled midgets to tickle them until they pass out sink into Internet obscurity along with CraigsList ads for Jehovah ’s Wittness teaching socials .
If a company sees its soiled delicates displayed on page one of their Google results … they are going to do some laundry .
Or so the story goes … but the reality is much more festering .
Starting with the obvious … RipOff Report is a SUCK site .
It ’s put together like crap … it NEVER loads … it ’s wicked ugly and lame … and it ’s written like a pair of dirty socks circa 1999 .
And that ’s the good news .
The bad news is that Ed Magedson TAKES MONEY to help make your problems with Ed Magedson go away .
He takes money !
Because he ’s imbecilic he calls it the Corporate Advocacy Program .
It works like this …
you see some dumb pseudo - gibberish RipOff report ranking for your company {or personal escorting services}
you pay Ed a huge sum of cash {plus a monthly protection fee}
fat daddy
Ed adds an editors note to the offending page contradicting the original report and saying that you are :: in fact :: the capital of awesometown … and are most def not a RipOff .
then {maybe ?} he ’ll keep future reports from posting … or reflecting poorly upon you or your noble services
Yikes !
That is ridiculously unethical … at best .
At worst :: it ’s an old school extortion racket whose sloppy cottage cheese loving SlobFather should be immediately arrested and jailed .
In this local news story victims of the RipOff Report claim that Magedson would n’t even allow them to respond to bogus claims unless they paid up …
In 2007 a reporter from the Phoenix New Times wrote a detailed article about Magedson ’s RipOff .
It starts off in classic form with the d-bag being overly particular about pointless details … and …
Yes , he parks in the handicapped spot .
And , no , he ’s not disabled .
He has a handicapped sticker , but it belonged to his late father .
“ I ’m not perfect , ” he says .
He intentionally schedules his meeting with a newspaper reporter in a place where she can watch him park in the handicap spot ?
Smooth … like the grossly hairy chest of a balding mid-fifties dirtbag .
Talking about his work , he tends to slip into the third person , as if he ’s dreaming aloud about how his story should be told .
“ Ed knows it ’s sweeps week when he gets calls from reporters around the country looking for scams , ” he says , then repeats it later for good measure .
Or , “ Ed was formulating what he wanted to do . . . ”
Ed “ FreeSpeech ” Magedson sued the Phoenix New Times and attorney Christopher Sharp for the inclusion of this quote in the article …
“ If it was just a bulletin board where he ’s posting complaints without editing or embellishing them , then he ’d have a defense , ” says Christopher Sharp , a Florida - based attorney who is suing Magedson ’s company on behalf of a Colorado company that provides training courses in finance , real estate , and the stock market .
( Sharp ’s claim recently survived Magedson ’s attempt at dismissal thanks to an appeals - court decision based on the Communications Decency Act . )
“ But it ’s pretty clear that he writes posts himself , ” Sharp says , a point Magedson denies .
“ And if you ask him to take them down , he says , ‘ Just join my corporate advocacy program . ’
“ I have to tip my hat to him , ” Sharp says .
“ He knows how to run an extortion scheme . ”
The borderline between unethical and criminal runs through content creation .
If Magedson {or one of his dirty little minions} … has created ANY of the defamatory content for which third parties have paid him to mitigate … he ’s in big fat trouble .
Section 230 of the now erroneously named Communications Decency
Act protects website owners from liability for the things that psycho trolls say in the comments .
It helps keep the Internet nice and crazy :: like real life .
That protection would seem to extend to blatant profiteering from the defamation of others {an unfortunate result} .
Many lawsuits filed against RipOff Report ’s mother company Xcentric have been tossed because of CDA protection .
More recent cases {as outlined by Sarah Bird} have tended to emphasize the RICO / extortion angle where the CDA protection does n’t come into play .
Whether or not Mr. Ed ’s tawdry behavior rises to the level of criminality remains an open question .
But the question of his d-bageyness has long been well and truly answered .
Ed Magedson thinks of himself as an important person :: as an outsider :: and as an advocate for the little guy .
But in reality he is just a poser :: a sad baboon :: and a remnant of the Internet ’s early growing pains that must be routed around if justice is to prevail .
Many critics of RipOff Report focus on the harm that the false reports can cause to legit businesses .
This is no doubt a huge problem :: but the scummy shadiness of Magedson ’s “ corporate advocacy ” program also serves {perversely} to prop up scammers and assholes who more than deserved to be called out for their shenanigans .
To the extent that the site has any real value :: that value is created by the users who generate genuine complaints and reports .
But if the scammer is willing to pay :: fat fucking turd ball Ed Magedson is ready to play .
Fuck the user :: fuck the consumer :: fuck the truth .
Ed ’s got to get his … that ’s what matters to Ed .
Case in point … long time not - friend {and first official target} of The Droid Matt Bacak had a problem with the RipOff Report .
There are eleven total reports created for BallSack :: including this one which ranks on the first page of Google .
Most of the complaints { when they actually load} tell the same story .
his products are bullshit
the bullshit is way over priced
the “ techniques ” he “ teaches ” do n’t actually work
every bullshit ripoff he sells comes with an attached forced continuity program
he ’s impossible to reach about cancellations or refunds for his useless LIE products
Yep yep !
Sounds like Matt Bacak to me .
It ’s called being a scammer … and he is one .
But BallSack must have paid up :: because now all eleven of the reports start with the glowing results of a “ Rip - off Report Investigation ” which includes the following statements of lunacy …
Rip - off Report ’s investigation of Matt Bacak uncovers an ongoing commitment to total client satisfaction .
Positive Rating and Recognition has been given to Matt Bacak for his Commitment to Excellence in customer service .
Rip - off Report has confirmed that Matt Bacak takes customer support seriously .
For instance , he learned it was necessary to remove certain employees because of their inability to follow new policies .
“ I hate having to fire people , but the fact is my customers are my # 1 business priority , ” Matt told Rip - off Report .
Consumer advocates do n’t prop up scamming d-bags in exchange for cashola .
That ’s a job for cowardly :: rat face :: sell out :: self important :: wind bag fucks like Ed Magedson .
“ I know when people stop suing me , and stop talking about me , and stop threatening me , that ’s when I ’ll have to worry , ” Ed told Sarah Fenske of the Phoenix New Times {four times ! } before suing her for talking about him .
Well good news you sweaty beast :: I just started talking about you :: and I have a very long attention span :: so I guess you ’ve got nothing to worry about .
>> bleep bloop
Blue line = cyclically adjusted PE ; Red line = interest rates Professor Robert Shiller , Yale University A month ago , with the market charging ever higher , climbing the " wall of worry , " most bearish voices had been silenced .
Now they 're back with a vengeance .
( Why ?
Because , as we saw clearly at the depths of the market crash 15 months ago , what most people expect the market will do in the future is what the market has done in the recent past .
The most recent past is a month in which the market has fallen more than 10 % .
So more people are getting bearish .
If the market falls another 30 % , people will get REALLY bearish .
And the irony is that , by then , stocks will actually be attractively priced -- much more so than they are today , and much MUCH more so than they were a month ago , when everyone loved them . ) .
In any event , Brent Arends in the WSJ observes how people are suddenly paying attention to the bears again .
And many of those bears are predicting there 's a lot more pain to come :
Some pretty smart people are cautious .
Seth Klarman at Baupost Group is worried .
John Hussman of the Hussman Funds says all sorts of warning lights have lit up across his screen .
Even Ron Muhlenkamp of the Muhlenkamp Fund , who usually takes a sunnier view of things , says he has moved a big chunk of his mutual fund into cash in case there 's a plunge .
How far will it go ?
Mr. Hussman says the technical indicators have only been this bad 19 times before in the last half century -- and on average the market plunged about 20 % over the following 12 months .
When markets were also high , like now , the picture 's even worse .
Ugh .
Too many people have simply assumed that the last 14 months have been the start of the next boom .
But it may have been a typical " bear - market rally " doomed to fall flat on its face .
That 's what stock - market historian Russell Napier says .
He thinks we 're in a giant , generational slide that began in 2000 and has several years still to run ...
Keep reading at the WSJ >
Count us among the cautious group .
Even after the recent pullback , stocks are still about 20 % overvalued
If we get down to about 900 on the S&P 500 , they 'll be fairly valued , but still not cheap .
Valuation does n't tell you much about what stocks will do in the near - term , but it does give you a relatively reliable sense of what returns you can expect over the long term .
And from this level , the returns you can expect are decidedly below average .
( Does that mean that this investor has sold everything and is waiting for stocks to get cheap before buying them again ?
No .
If I 've learned anything over the years it's that the times when you can be confident enough about the market 's future to place a major bet on a particular outcome are very rare .
The market 's high valuation did provide a good opportunity to rebalance , moving some money out of stocks and into cash , but especially given the possibility of hyper-inflation on the horizon , I 'd never sell out of stocks completely .
If the big bear market does continue , eventually it will provide an opportunity to buy stocks when they are cheap , which is always welcome .
Based on the valuation measures I consider valid -- namely Professor Shiller 's long - term PE ( see chart above and here ) -- that would mean prices below 800 on the S&P .
But at this point , after 15 + years of " wildly overvalued , " I 'd gladly settle for " fairly valued . " )
" We Speak for the Dead to Protect the Living . "
" We Speak for the Defendants to Protect thier Profits . "
GlaxoSmithKline ’s Study 329 of medication for adolescent depression failed to demonstrate any benefit for paroxetine over placebo in adolescents and demonstrated a worrying profile of adverse events for paroxetine .
The study was ultimately published in 2001 by the Journal of the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry with Martin Keller as the primary author .
This misleading paper has been a focus of interest for Healthy Skepticism since 2002 .
In 2003 we wrote to the Editor of JAACAP raising concerns about the misleading reporting by the authors that exaggerated benefit and downplayed adverse effects .
( We also questioned editorial functioning , which drew an angry response from the Editor ) .
In 2004 CMAJ published an Editorial which showed that in 1998 an internal GSK document clearly acknowledged that GSK were aware that 329 was negative .
A subsequent law suit by New York Attorney General , Eliot Spitzer , was settled out of court .
In 2006 , we wrote to the Lancet to point out that internal documents from another United States law suit ( Smith versus GSK ) revealed further concerns about study 329 : -
The study was ghostwritten .
Misleadingly positive interpretations of the study were promoted to drug reps and other GSK staff .
An illusion of efficacy was achieved by re-inventing primary and secondary end points .
Eventually GSK had to acknowledge the failure of all three of their child and adolescent paroxetine depression studies .
Fid
June 7 2007
Yesterday saw the start of the " Death by Paxil " inquest involving Sara Carlin .
The inquest was called for after Sara , a bonny teeneager from Oakville , Toronto , took her own life by hanging herself in the basement of her parents home on Sunday , May 6 , 2007 .
The motto for the Office of the Chief Coroner of Ontario is In other words , the coroner will review the circumstances around the death of a person in hopes that similar deaths can be prevented in the future .
As events unfolded on day one of Sara 's inquest , one cannot help but feel that the Office of the Chief Coroner of Ontario 's motto should be changed to , It would appear that the Carlin ’s are up against not only the might of GlaxoSmithKline 's lawyers & the doctors lawyers but also the coroner ’s lawyer Michael Blain .
At the start of the inquest the Carlin ’s lawyer , Gary Will , made a motion asking that the family be allowed to question the coroners witnesses last , a privilege usually afforded the family in an inquest , for obvious reasons .
They were denied this motion as the coroner ruled that the doctors go last and the family first .
This is the first ruling of many expected against the family .
The coroner counsel Michael Blain , when examining the pathologist Dr. Fernandez , was sure to ask the pathologist to describe in detail the stretching of Sara ’s neck as a result of hanging .
This seems a strange request , and one that the Carlin's , who are still mourning the loss of their daughter , should not have to endure .
As far as I am aware this inquest is to try and determine what caused Sara to hang herself and not the state of her neck after she had tied a piece of electrical wiring around it .
One would assume that the Carlin's were already aware of the state of Sara 's lifeless body , in particular Neil , her father , who found Sara 's body back in May , 2007 .
Quite why the Coroner Council , Michael Blain , is taking this route is unknown .
As someone on the outside looking in , it would appear that it 's some sort of tactic used to deter other families requesting inquests .
I think the Carlin 's already have the vision and state of Sara 's neck firmly implanted in their minds .
To raise this again serves no purpose , as far as I can make out , particularly when the Carlin 's requested the inquest to try and determine the cause of their daughter 's death and not how far her neck had been stretched as a result of her hanging herself .
Two schools of thought spring to mind here .
Will the Coroner Council , Michael Blain , later suggest that Sara 's death was a result of an accident , a prank gone wrong ?
Or , is this merely a punishment for the Carlin's ?
They , after all , are questioning the whole of the medical profession and regulatory authorities here .
Is this some kind of payback for them daring to question authority ?
Not content with this , Blain then , during a short recess in the proceedings , went in front of TV camera 's and claimed that expert evidence to be given later in this case will show that Paxil was not related to Sara Carlin 's suicide .
I find this utterly amazing and totally biased .
The Coroner 's Office is supposed to be neutral and supposed to protect public safety .
It is supposed to give the dead a ' voice ' .
An inquest serves an investigative , social and preventative function .
It involves public scrutiny of the conditions which may cause or contribute to the death of a member of the community .
It would appear that the Coroner 's Office have already made their mind up regarding the causation of Sara Carlin 's death .
Day one and already they are talking to the media claiming that evidence will be shown that Paxil did not cause Sara 's death .
One cannot help but feel that the jury present at this inquest will later go home , switch on their TV's and see a talk - show host look - a- like with a missing front tooth [ Blain ] announce that evidence [ that they , the jury , shall later see ] will prove that Paxil did not cause Sara 's death .
I intend to write about this inquest on a daily basis .
If the Coroner Council wants to stifle the voice of Sara Carlin then my intention is to allow Sara a voice , a voice that the Office of the Chief Coroner of Ontario promise if their motto is anything to go by - " We Speak for the Dead to Protect the Living .
" Blain 's vain attempt to sway a jury decision at this stage is not speaking for Sara Carlin .
It is not serving the public interest either - Put me in front of a TV camera and I 'll say the same thing .
The last witness of the day described to the jury Sara before Paxil as being brilliant in everything she did , sports , school - and loved by all who knew her .
The Carlin ’s are in for a rough ride with all sides including the coroner against them .
Lets hope the jury see through all of this and see how dangerous Paxil can be when prescribed to children and teenagers .
In the interest of balance ... or to rebut the outlandish statement made by Michael Blain in front of the media - I would like to direct interested parties to the Paxil 329 studies .
In short , these studies will show how GlaxoSmithKline knowingly manipulated the Paxil paediatric data - not only that , they also were involved in a marketing campaign to prove the safety and efficacy of Paxil in children - when they knew it was n't safe for children and adolescents because there was a higher than normal risk of suicide in this particular age group .
There has been a lot of visitors from Canada to this blog over the last 24 hours or so .
It 's not as powerful as CHCH -TV , channel 11 , a television station in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada , whom Michael Blain spoke to during a recess .
It will however create interest over the coming weeks and it will report and rebut anything that glorifies Paxil .
This family need justice .
They need someone to speak for the dead to protect the living .
It is abundantly clear after only one day that they are not or will not be getting this from the Office of the Chief Coroner of Ontario .
Please feel free to post or copy this article to your blogs and / or websites .
Feel free to email friends , colleagues and family .
Let us be the media for Sara Carlin and her family .
Members of the jury and other interested parties may be interested to educate themselves on the Paxil 329 studies .
The blurb of which can be read on the Healthy Skepticism website :
All documents can be downloaded here
This , will go a long way into getting Sara 's voice heard .
On May 6 , 2007 , Sara Carlin , a beautiful 18 - year - old girl with everything to live for , grabbed a piece of electrical wiring , fashioned a crude noose and hanged herself in the basement of her parents house while under the influence of the antidepressant drug Paxil ( Seroxat in the UK ) .
Paxil / Seroxat is an antidepressant documented by international drug regulatory agencies as causing worsening depression and suicide particularly in children and young adults .
Please help inform others of the risks of these drugs .
Forward this video to everyone you know .
RIP Sara Alison CarlinNessun DormaRELATED
POSTS:ORDER THE PAPERBACK 'THE EVIDENCE , HOWEVER , IS CLEAR ... THE SEROXAT SCANDAL ' By Bob FiddamanSIGNED
COPIES HERE OR UNSIGNED FROM CHIPMUNKA PUBLISHING
The weapons , which include a 2,400 - year - old spear throwing tools , a 1,000 - year - old ground squirrel snare , and bows and arrows dating back 850 years , have been found high in the remote Mackenzie Mountains , a region where Mountain Boreal caribou abound in the summer months .
" Following that discovery , we recovered more than 200 ancient hunting artifacts , with the oldest dating back more than 9,000 years , " Greg Hare , the Yukon archaeologist who analyzed the original discovery , told Discovery News .
Ironically , weapons have been the topic of conversation on Ancient Digger this week , so I was thrilled to see that more ancient weapons have been revealed .
As the ice patches melt away in Canada 's Mackenzie Mountains , history is revealed in the form of 2400 year old ancient weapons .
DES MOINES , Iowa --
A billboard created by an Iowa tea party group that compares President Barack Obama to Adolf Hitler and Vladimir Lenin is drawing sharp criticism -- even from fellow tea party activists who have condemned it as offensive and a waste of money .
The North Iowa Tea Party began displaying the billboard in downtown Mason City last week .
The sign shows large photographs of Obama , Nazi leader Hitler and communist leader Lenin beneath the labels " Democrat Socialism , " " National Socialism , " and " Marxist Socialism . "
Beneath the photos is the phrase , " Radical leaders prey on the fearful & naive . "
The co-founder of the roughly 200 - person group said the billboard was intended to send an anti-socialist message .
But Bob Johnson admitted Tuesday that the message may have gotten lost amid the images of fascist and communist leaders .
" The purpose of the billboard was to draw attention to the socialism .
It seems to have been lost in the visuals , " Johnson said .
" The pictures overwhelmed the message .
The message is socialism . "
He said he did n't know of any plans to remove the sign .
But others in the tea party movement criticized the sign .
" That 's just a waste of money , time , resources and it's not going to further our cause , " said Shelby Blakely , a leaders of the Tea Party Patriots , a national group .
" It 's not going to help our cause .
It 's going to make people think that the tea party is full of a bunch of right - wing fringe people , and that 's not true . "
Blakely also expressed outrage at linking Obama to Hitler , the leader of Nazi Germany who oversaw the killing of 6 million Jews and whose invasions of neighboring countries led to World War II .
" When you compare Obama to Hitler , that to me does a disservice to the Jews who both survived and died in the Holocaust and to the Germans who lived under Nazi regime rule , " Blakely said .
John White , an Iowa coordinator of the Tea Party Patriots , said that he can understand the North Iowa group 's perception that Obama is " Hitler - esque , " but he thinks the billboard is offensive and unproductive .
White said that he planned to discuss the matter with national tea party officials .
" I fear they may end up in some kind of trouble over it , because it 's basically slanderous , " White said .
" I do n't know that it 's the message we want to send .
I 'd much rather see billboards that say ' Remember in November .
Get Out and Vote . " '
The billboard is owned by Waitt Outdoor of Omaha , Neb .
Waitt general manager , Kent Beatty , said the company did n't have a problem with the message .
" We believe in freedom of speech , " Beatty said .
" It does n't reflect our views , necessarily . "
The White House declined to comment on the sign .
One person who welcomed the billboard was Dean Genth , a Democratic activist from Mason City , a city of 30,000 people just south of the Minnesota border , who said he thinks the sign lays bare the views of tea party supporters .
" I welcome them to continue to spew that kind of stuff because I think it 's going to do a lot of good for the good Democrats around the state , " Genth said .
A framework for safe , programmable , speculative parallelism , loosely based on :
Prakash Prabhu , G. Ramalingam , and Kapil Vaswani , " Safe Programmable Speculative Parallelism " ,
In the proceedings of Programming Language Design and Implementation ( PLDI ) Vol 45 , Issue 6 ( June 2010 ) pp 50 - 61 .
http://research.microsoft.com/pubs/118795/pldi026-vaswani.pdf
This package provides speculative function application and speculative folds .
Speculative STM transactions take the place of the transactional rollback machinery from the paper .
For example :
spec g f a evaluates f g while forcing a , if g == a then f g is returned , otherwise f a is evaluated and returned .
Furthermore , if the argument has already been evaluated , we skip the f g computation entirely .
If a good guess at the value of a is available , this is one way to induce parallelism in an otherwise sequential task .
However , if the guess is n't available more cheaply than the actual answer , then this saves no work and if the guess is wrong , you risk evaluating the function twice .
Under high load , since 'f g ' is computed via the spark queue , the speculation will be skipped and you will obtain the same answer as 'f $! a' .
The best - case timeline looks like :
foreground : [----- a -----] foreground : [ -] ( check g == a ) spark : [----- f g -----] overall : [--- spec g f a ---]
The worst - case timeline looks like :
foreground : [----- a -----] foreground : [ -] ( check g == a ) foreground : [---- f a ----] spark : [----- f g -----] overall : [-------- spec g f a ---------]
Note that , if f g takes longer than a to compute , in the HEAD release of GHC , f g will be collected and killed during garbage collection .
foreground : [----- a -----] foreground : [ -] ( check g == a ) foreground : [---- f a ----] spark : [---- f g ----######
( # 's mark when this spark is collectable ) overall : [--------- spec g f a --------]
Under high load :
foreground : [----- a -----] foreground : [ -] ( check g == a ) foreground : [---- f a ----] overall : [-------- spec g f a ---------]
Compare these to the timeline of f $ !
a :
foreground : [----- a -----] foreground : [---- f a ----] orverall : [---------- f $!
a ---------]
When " David " and " Barack " reported to the press on their cordial meeting at the White House earlier this week , they did not reveal whether they had discussed their respective domestic politics .
If they did , Obama must have been green with envy .
For at home , the British prime minister has the politics that the American president both wants and needs .
Obama , like Cameron , is a politician of the liberal centre .
He has tried again and again to reach " across the aisle " .
Talking of his deficit reduction and economic stimulus plans , in their joint press conference , he said " my hope is that we are going to get a bipartisan solution to this thing " .
He would die for the kind of solid parliamentary majority that a bipartisan coalition gives the British prime minister .
Despite many compromises , Obama 's healthcare bill received no Republican votes in the House of Representatives .
His financial oversight bill picked up just three Republican votes in the Senate ; this week 's extension of unemployment benefit got two .
On television , radio and the internet , Americans are bombarded by a polarised , adversarial two - party politics that makes the shouting match of prime minister 's questions in the House of Commons seem like a genteel tea party .
And here , even " tea party " now stands for a populist political movement of the Sarah Palin kind .
One stereotype has it that American politics are like this because America is like this – a divided country .
There 's blue America and red America , and ne'er the twain shall meet .
This is what Obama set out to disprove during his presidential campaign .
There are not blue states and red states , he insisted , just the United States of America .
And detailed polling does show many shades between red and blue .
It also shows an increasing number of voters describing themselves as independents – although Obama is not doing well with them at the moment .
The respected Pew Research Centre talks of a " growing political middle " .
So why is this not reflected in the politics we have witnessed in Congress and the American media during Obama 's first 18 months as president ?
I 've been asking this question since I returned to the US last week .
One answer given me is simple : gerrymandering .
British Conservatives may be mildly unhappy with the way British parliamentary constituency boundaries have been drawn , but this is nothing to what has happened here over many years , with congressional districts being redrawn to produce safe Republican or Democrat seats .
Since all members of the House of Representatives have to stand for re-election every two years , and since they need to raise lots of money from partisan donors or special interests , the incentives are tipped towards consolidating your core vote and offensive , point - scoring partisanship .
Logically enough , but also ironically , the Democrat victory in the 2006 mid-term elections removed some of the moderate Republicans who might otherwise have been Obama 's across - the - aisle partners .
To be sure , the British electoral system has not represented the scale of the liberal centre properly either , but the distortions are less extreme than in the US .
Then there are the American media themselves , particularly television and radio , which seem more blaringly partisan every time I return .
For years it was Fox News leading the way .
Today , Keith Olbermann on MSNBC is almost as relentlessly partisan from the left as Fox 's Glenn Beck is from the right .
The so - called " Fairness doctrine " , by which America 's broadcast media were once officially constrained , looks as antiquated as a manual typewriter .
These media have great power .
The Obama administration has just got itself into an embarrassing tangle by forcing Shirley Sherrod , a black official at the Department of Agriculture , to resign over what Fox News , drawing on a video - clip posted on a rightwing website , reported to be anti-white " racist " remarks – though they now turn out to have been the precise opposite .
When a senior figure at the department instructed Sherrod to resign , he told her " otherwise you 'll be on Glenn Beck " .
Yes , Downing Street runs almost equally scared of the Daily Mail .
But one of the most visible ( and audible ) differences between British and American politics can be summarised in three letters : BBC .
Having a dominant public service broadcaster , still committed to notions of fairness , accuracy and balance , preserves an environment in which Obama 's kind of nuanced , liberal centrist politics can flourish .
In Britain , that is .
America's " culture wars " , fought over issues like abortion and gay marriage , may be less virulent than in the last two decades .
But as Palin skits around endorsing " pro-life " Republican candidates for November 's mid-term congressional elections , they are still salient .
This is a cultural politics unimaginable in contemporary Britain , where the social liberalism of the 60s has won even among self - styled Conservatives .
With his socially liberal views , not to mention his support of the National Health Service ( " socialised medicine " in the parlance of the American right ) , Cameron could never secure a Republican nomination .
The nearest thing you could find to him in today 's American politics would be one of the fiscally conservative " blue dog " Democrats .
( The colour fits too .
In fact , " blue dog democrats " is altogether not a bad moniker for liberal Conservatives of the Cameron kind . )
In real life , lots of Americans have moved beyond these manichean cultural dichotomies , or never fell for them in the first place ; but you would not know it by turning on the television or listening to most American politicians .
Except , that is , the president .
During the cold war , a significant measure of bipartisanship was achieved on foreign and security policy .
Since the cold war was also a competition between social and economic systems , some of that spilled into domestic policy too .
To a limited degree , it still exists on issues of national security , counter - terrorism and so forth .
Yet there is little sense that America is again engaged in a multi- dimensional international competition , in which what its entrepreneurs and educators do at home is as important as what its soldiers do abroad .
But it is .
America is a challenged power .
China , and other emerging giants of the global east and south , may yet prove more formidable competitors than the Soviet Union ever was – or violent Islamism ever will be .
Every time I come back to the United States , the airports , the roads , the public spaces look to me more tattered , battered , old - fashioned .
Modernity is no longer self - evidently here .
After a long sojourn in the west , it may be moving back to Asia .
There are still fantastic examples of technological , commercial and design innovation in the US – think iPad – but they are islands of modernity in a torpid sea .
Obama wants America to lead the world in clean , green - energy technology , but at the moment China is stealing that lead .
To release its native forces of private innovation , America needs the right framework of public regulation and , in some fields , a government kickstart .
To get there , Obama needs Republican votes in Congress .
And he 'll need them even more after the expected Democrat losses in November 's mid-term elections .
At the moment it seems unlikely that America will get the new politics it badly needs .
But then , it seemed unlikely in Britain too , until it happened in a most unexpected way .
1 of 10
Scorpion's Tail
Noah 's Ark Family Park , Wisconsin Dells , Wis .
Background : The Scorpion 's Tail , designed by WhiteWater West of Canada , opened this Memorial Day and is the first capsule slide in America .
It 's 10 stories high and 400 feet long , with a near - vertical drop that takes riders plummeting at a rate of 50 feet per second .
Why It Stands Above the Rest : Instead of sitting down and pushing off down a steep slide , riders stand in a capsule for 3 seconds until the floor drops out beneath their feet .
" You literally have no control , " says Joe Heflin , senior vice president for News and Park Sales at WhiteWater West .
" It 's like falling down an elevator shaft . "
The only thing to break the free - fall is the loop after the drop , which slows down the gravitational force of 2.6 g's .
The control system for the ride , according to Heflin , is unique to water slides because it requires pumping water faster than gravity in order to lubricate the flume as the bodies slide down .
In order to make a smooth ( but no less - frightening ) ride , water nozzles spraying mist are located every 3 to 4 feet from the top of the slide .
The capsule was also engineered using translucent fiberglass , providing optimal viewing of the thrill ride from the ground level .
Apple 's stepped up with Safari 5 , Firefox has brought forth a more crash - proof 3.6 , and Opera 's continuing to push forward in betas .
Let 's break out the timer and testing software to see how the latest browsers run on real hardware .
Advertisement
These tests are now out of date .
As usual , you can see our most recent batch of speed tests at lifehacker.com / browserspeedtests .
We 've detailed our browser testing methods on a dedicated page , for those unfamiliar with the semi-standard procedures .
Everyone else can skip to the results and pretty primary color graphs .
Advertisement
How We Test Web Browsers
We 've been using the same basic methodology since our first set of browser speed tests , but we 've …
Read more
One important change to the charts this time around : we highlighted the winner , or winners , in green , for an easy visual orientation of whether you 're looking at a " less is better " or " more is better " graph .
Click any of the images below for a larger , wider view .
Boot - Up and Warm Loading — Winner : Opera 10.6 Beta !
Advertisement
Not a huge surprise , as Opera 's 10.5 pre-alpha took the prize for cold start - ups last time .
It 's probably the most variable of the tests in this series , given the mysteries of hard drives , CPUs , and Windows app management — but Opera consistently starts up the fastest from a dead stop .
The " warm " starts , after having run each browser once , are close enough together that Chrome 's win there is notable , but not the decider .
Tab Loading — Winner : Internet — Wait , Seriously ? — Explorer 8
Advertisement
Yes , I re-ran this test about three times .
But , looking back two tests ago , I realize that Internet Explorer 8 was never a slouch in quickly pulling up content , even when hit with nine tabs at once .
In this case , it was a home page for each browser tested , plus Google.com , Lifehacker and Gizmodo , and Hulu .
Internet Explorer did quite well .
Advertisement
The other surprise that I could n't shake after multiple tests ?
Safari 5 on Windows just would not load up all my tabs at once .
It would load the top navigation bars from Lifehacker , Gizmodo , and Hulu , then freeze , with spinning dials on each tab for at least a minute .
At least one other user saw similar multi-tab problems .
It 's not as though browser users are regularly loading up nine tabs at once , but it 's still odd to see such an error .
JavaScript — Winner : Chrome ( Dev Version ) !
Advertisement
Last time , Opera jumped way , way out in the lead , but Chrome 's development version picks up the top spot in the Dromaeo tests this time .
The drop - off of Opera likely says something about the niggling details of JavaScript testing .
Advertisement
DOM / CSS — Winner : Opera 10.6 Beta !
Advertisement
Safari , Chrome , and Opera could be called evenly matched , given the variables of hardware and testing .
Still , Opera 's recent obsession with speed is starting to show returns .
Memory Use Without Extensions — Winner : Firefox 3.6 !
Advertisement
It 's a consistent result lately — with nothing installed , and having just been started , Firefox is really frugal with memory .
Memory Use with Extensions — Winner : Firefox 3.6 !
Advertisement
Even though Firefox 's extensions would seem to be more full - featured and memory - intensive than Chrome 's , which seem to run like advanced user scripts , Firefox is better with a few standard extensions on memory than Chrome .
Those extensions , by the way , are the same as in our last test : AdBlock Plus , Xmarks , LastPass , CoolIris , and a Gmail checker .
Here 's a full comparison chart , showing each browser with and without extensions , with just one home page open and nine tabs loaded :
Advertisement
The Scores
As you can see , each browser has its strengths — even the most maligned browser in recent history .
We took each of the five all - browser tests — start - up times , nine - tab loading , JavaScript , DOM / CSS , and memory use — and assigned a ranking to each contender .
In the case of very close results , we assigned a " tie . "
In two cases — Internet Explorer on JavaScript and CSS , Safari on nine - tab loading — we had to assign zeros , though , obviously , each browser can perform those functions , but that 's how it goes .
Advertisement
Here 's how the browsers fared , in sum total :
Chrome ( stable ) : 22
Chrome ( dev ) : 20
Firefox : 18
Opera : 20
Safari : 14
Internet Explorer : 9
There you go — our latest batch of words and spreadsheet voodoo .
We learned that Chrome is still pretty far ahead in JavaScript , but Opera is still a serious contender in overall scripting speed .
We also saw that Internet Explorer has its strong points , and that Safari 5 on Windows is ... just as good as Safari on Windows has usually fared .
And while Google Chrome 's development version is usually the speedy trailblazer , we 're wondering if the focus on features lately — syncing , built - in features , and the like — is why the stable branch feels just as fast lately , or if something else is at play deep in the code .
Advertisement
Do n't see the truth in our results ?
Done some testing of your own ?
We welcome all kinds of debate in the comments .
Why low IQ ' bimbos ' like the late Anna Nicole Smith are cleverer than they seem
Not so dumb : Tragic star Anna Nicole Smith who died of an overdose in 2007 following the death of her 89 - year - old billonaire husband in 1995
They are the butt of many a joke but , it seems , that bimbos are endowed with a shrewdness to match their beauty .
Researchers say that women with low IQ's are much likelier to pursue rich men than females who have higher intellects .
The experts say the reason is not so much naked greed , rather an instinctive urge to guarantee a secure financial future for any potential children .
The study may throw a fresh perspective on the actions of the late Playboy model and school drop - out Anna Nicole Smith , who was dubbed a ' gold - digging blonde bimbo ' after she married 89 - year - old billionaire James Howard Marshall .
Dr Christine Stanik , the human development expert who carried out the research , said it was ' only natural ' for women with little education and poor career prospects to try to woo a man who could provide a stable future .
She said : ' It is a natural instinct .
In ancient times , women evolved an attraction to men with wealth because they knew such a mate could improve the chances of their offspring 's survival .
' It is a very strong gut feeling that is hard to shake off , especially when a woman does not have her own career which would give her financial independence . '
The research found that women who have carved out their own careers are increasingly turned off by wealthy men .
Dr Stanik said intelligent females were starting to look for ' more varied ' merits in a husband .
' Some men are realising this and are beginning to change their mating strategy away from promoting their own wealth and towards trying to be funnier or being more caring . '
Dr Stanik carried out the research by interviewing 169 women at Michigan University in the US .
Happy couple : Anna Nicole Smith , with her then new husband 89 - year - old James Howard Marshall
She gave them IQ tests and SAT tests , aimed at evaluating literacy ability .
It was also found that cleverer women were more willing to have short - term flings .
Dr Stanik attributed this to heightened confidence .
Dr Stanik claimed this was the result of the heightened confidence of women who were independently wealthy .
She said : ' Women 's ability to provide for themselves opens up options for pursuing shortterm partners because they are not constrained by the fear that such partners will not be able to provide should they become pregnant . '
However , GMTV ’s relationship expert Simone Bienne said career - driven women lived frantic lifestyles that were badly suited to stable relationships .
PHP Remains Strong Despite Security Flaws
Over the course of May , the PHP community was hit with a barrage of more than 60 security issues .
The security assault was all part of the Month of PHP Security ( MOPS ) effort , which disclosed the flaws .
But even after so many identified security issues in MOPS , PHP experts argue that the language is not necessarily insecure .
" Since none of the issues found were deemed as critical security issues , we do n't consider any of them zero - day flaws , " Andi Gutmans , CEO of PHP vendor Zend , told InternetNews.com .
Gutmans added that the vast majority of the flaws reported in PHP itself belong to a class of issues that requires local access to the server for the bug to be exploited .
That would entail a scenario in which a developer is attacking his own server , which would have to be configured to permit access to run custom code .
" PHP was not designed to protect against such scenarios , and while it does some best - effort attempts to protect against casual hacking attempts , it does n't pretend to promise bulletproof protection against untrusted developers with code access , " Gutmans said .
" As such , it 's likely there are dozens of other similar issues in PHP , perhaps even more , and while we do consider them bugs , we do n't consider them as critical security issues . "
Rather , as a way to protect against privilege elevation , he recommends ensuring that security is properly configured at the operating - system level .
Among the reported MOPS issues are some that may be considered items that developer best practices can help to eliminate .
" PHP , like all development languages , is only as secure as the code people write in it , " Gutmans said .
" The main important thing developers have to know is that when they deploy a Web application -- whether it 's written in PHP or in any other language -- they 're deploying into a hostile world .
It 's therefore important for everyone to get security training . "
1000s of votes inexplicably disappear after ' Super-ish Tuesday ' election , as county plans expanded use of oft - failed , 100 % unverifiable ES&S touch - screen voting systems for upcoming primary run-off …
Brad Friedman Byon 6/4/2010 , 7:35 am PT
-- Brad Friedman , The BRAD BLOG
What 's going on in Monroe County , Arkansas ?
We 've been looking at their May 18 " Super-ish Tuesday " election night numbers on the AR Secretary of State 's website ( Monroe County does n't have its own public election results website ) since the night of the election , and the posted results can only be described as going from " impossible " on the day after the election , to possible but still entirely inexplicable .
At least six different election officials at both the county and state levels remain unable to tell
The BRAD BLOG how any of it could have happened , even though thousands of votes appear to have simply disappeared in the final certified results , and the state is set to hold its primary run-off election next Tuesday ...
Impossible Numbers
The original tip - off to concerns about Monroe County 's results came when on May 19th , the day after the election , the state 's SoS website showed a total of 3,393 out of the county 's 5,252 registered voters had cast ballots --- a rather impressive 64.60 % turnout !
But not " impossible . "
Here 's the screenshot of those numbers , as taken from the AR SoS website on May 19th ...
Of the voters who voted in the election , according to the same website on the same night , a total of exactly 600 voters had cast votes for one of the three candidates in the Democratic U.S. Senate Primary , and 2,793 voters had cast votes for one of the eight candidates in the Republican U.S. Senate Primary .
That comes to a total of 3,393 votes recorded as cast in one of the two Senate primary elections .
That means there were zero undervotes in either of the Senate contests , since the " total votes " cast that night , as reported by the SoS on May 19th , as seen above , was also 3,393 .
So , it appeared , everyone who cast a ballot in the May 18th election in Monroe County voted for either a Republican or Democratic Senate candidate .
That seemed highly unlikely at first glance , as a " normal " undervote rate might be around 2 % .
But so far , the numbers were n't " impossible . "
But as we looked closer , the totals --- recorded on mostly ES&S touch - screen systems , with a few optically - scanned ballots added in , and all tallied electronically on systems made by the notorious ES&S voting machine company --- became literally impossible , and eventually , just plain ridiculous .
Here are screenshots for the numbers mentioned above , all grabbed from the AR SoS website on May 19th :
There is something else curious about the numbers seen in the screenshots above .
Notice all of the precincts , in both the R and D Senate races , where the exact same number of votes were cast for each candidate .
For example , in the Dem results , there are four different precincts where 4 voted for Morrison , 9 voted for Lincoln and 7 voted for Halter .
Not " impossible , " but curious .
On the Republican side , some of the very same precincts also had identical numbers for each of the eight candidates , and a few more had nearly identical numbers .
A few of the precincts also reported what appeared to be the exact same percentages for each candidate as seen in the precincts with duplicated numbers , but where the number of votes is simply doubled .
All still not " impossible , " but certainly getting much more improbable .
And then the numbers finally became plain " impossible " when examining the number of votes cast in the primaries for the Congressional District 1 U.S. House Race that also took place in Monroe County on May 18th .
In that CD1 race , there were 1,860 Democratic and 318 Republican votes cast , for a total of 2,178 .
That certainly represents a more reasonable undervote rate , but how can it be possible that there were 1,860 votes cast in the Dem CD1 race , when there were only 600 votes cast in the Dem Senate race , yet the " total votes " were all supposedly accounted for , according to the SoS 's turnout numbers , in both the Dem and Republican Senate races ?
Here are the screenshots from the CD1 race on May 19th :
So how can the above be explained ?
The state 's Election Director was finally able to explain that part of the mystery .
But we 'll give you that explanation in a minute , because it tipped us off to a troubling concern which nobody , it seems , is able to explain even to this day .
Results Drastically Changed
The election numbers have radically changed in Monroe County since the May 18th election .
At least as reported on the SoS website , and as confirmed by local officials .
It 's not all that unusual for the unofficial numbers to move a bit following election day , as absentee and provisional ballots are counted and added in to the totals , and as precinct numbers are double - checked for accuracy in the post-election canvass .
It is , however , unusual , for vote totals to get a great deal smaller rather than larger in the days following the election .
And that 's what seems to have happened in Monroe County --- radically so .
Somehow , more than a thousand votes disappeared entirely , as the election results in the Dem and GOP Senate primaries have almost entirely changed .
On May 19th , voter turnout was 3,393 :
But by May 21st , turnout dropped by 1,234 to just 2,159 , or 41.11 % --- still one of the highest turnout rates in the state :
More disturbing , however , are the complete changes in vote totals for all candidates in both the Democratic and Republican Senate Primary races .
Dem Senate Primary results on May 19th ( as previously posted above ) : Dem Senate Primary results on May 25th :
A total of 1,465 votes seem to have suddenly showed up in the Dem Senate race !
And then there are the disappearing votes in the Republican race ...
GOP Senate Primary results on May 19th ( as previously posted above ) : GOP Senate Primary results on May 25th :
2,699 Republican votes have now disappeared !
There were reportedly 2,793 Republican voters on May 19th , but just 94 as of May 25th !
Neat trick !
To top it all off , even after all of these mystery adjustments , the " total votes " cast in Monroe County as of May 21st , as shown above , is said to be 2,159 --- so , despite the radical change in results , the county 's 0 % undervote rate stayed intact .
Every single voter who cast a vote in either the Republican or Democratic Primary election on May 18th voted in the Senate election , at least according to the Arkansas Sec. of State .
The " good " news ?
In the CD1 race , while the number of Republican voters has dropped by 229 ( to 89 total ) and the number of Democratic votes has increased by 60 ( to 1,920 total ) , at least there are not now more Democratic votes than physically possible , as with the county 's original numbers on May 19th .
So What The Hell Is Going On ?
It 's taken a week or so of going from one election official to another to to unwind the mess , and only some of the anomalies detailed above were finally explained .
In trying to sort it all out , The BRAD BLOG spoke to a clerk at the Secretary of State 's office , the State 's Director of Elections and , on the local level , the Monroe County Clerk , Election Commissioner and Elections Coordinator .
None of them were able to explain the most troubling aspect of the numbers .
State Election Director Carter Hawkins was able to explain the reason for the 0 % undervote issue , in both the May 19th numbers , as well as the later , officially certified numbers of May 25th .
He told us that the way Arkansas calculates turnout is by adding up votes cast in the largest race ( or , in the case of a primary election like the one on May 18th , the largest race in each party 's election ) , discounting all of the overvotes and undervotes , and using that number as " voter turnout . "
" We are the only state that does that , " Hawkins said , acknowledging the misleading nature of discounting voters who may have either chosen not to vote , or did n't have their vote counted --- for any number of reasons --- in the top race .
Doing it that way certainly makes it difficult for citizen - oversight and spotting problem areas where there may be an unusually high number of undervotes , due to machine malfunction or foul play .
" We are working to revise the way we calculate turnout , " he told us .
" That 's one of my goals for 2011 . "
As to the impossible May 19th results and the subsequent , staggering change to the final numbers as certified by the county , nobody seems to be able to explain them .
" It could be data entry errors , " Pam Ratliff , a clerk at the Sec. of State 's office guessed when we first contacted them .
" The only thing I can tell you , I did n't do that , so I do n't know , " she said before promising to have Hawkins call us back the next day .
Hawkins could n't explain it either .
Though there had been a problem in Monroe on Election Night , when optically - scanned absentee and provisional ballots were mistakenly combined with the ES&S iVotronic touch - screen votes twice , that issue was discovered and corrected fairly quickly .
And , in any case , there were not nearly enough such paper ballots cast to explain thousands of extra votes on May 19th in the GOP Senate primary , for example , or Republican candidate Coleman shown as receiving 306 votes the day after the election , but ending up with just 1 vote , county - wide , after the results were double - checked .
" I cannot explain the difference from 306 to 1 , " Hawkins conceded .
" Sounds strange .
But in the last 8 or so years , I 've noticed stranger things happening .
You 'd definitely have to research that with the county 's people . "
By the time we spoke with Hawkins , we had already spoken to the county 's election officials .
They were neither aware of the inexplicable numbers , nor had any explanation for them .
" You need talk to the Election Commission .
I just use the numbers that they give me , " Monroe 's friendly County Clerk Janet E. Tweedle told us .
In Monroe , she says , the Clerk is largely just the recorder of final results .
" The Election Commission brings my office the numbers , and we record , but our Election Commission and Election Coordinator handles our elections . "
She also noted that " ES&S actually programs our machines " after the folks at the Election Commission prepare the ballots and send the information to the private voting machine company which services most of the state of Arkansas --- as well as most of the U.S. as the nation 's largest election vendor .
As the state has had notorious disasters with ES&S over the years ( a small sampling of which were summarized in our " Super-ish Tuesday " Backgrounder article , and otherwise chronicled over the years on these pages ) , we asked if she 'd heard of any problems with the systems on election night that might have led to the strange numbers first published .
" We 've always had problems on election night , " with ES&S 's machines , she said , before pointing me to Election Commissioner Robert Serio and Election Coordinator Leon Lance for more information about what could have gone so wrong .
This is Lance 's first year on the job , and in the two conversations we had with him , he repeatedly made it very clear that he takes the job seriously .
" Accountability , integrity , transparency --- no manipulation in any way shape or form .
It is what it is in Monroe County , " said Lance , who says he was recruited for the job because of his background in electronics .
" We 're really busting our tails here to make sure the public knows the elections are as honest as they can be . "
He did n't know anything about the inexplicable May 19th numbers either , but he was quick , like his boss Serio , to take responsibility for anything that may have caused them .
" I 'm a first timer here .
If something went wrong it was probably my fault . "
He was happy to offer details on the process the county uses to tabulate votes , the initial problem that led to absentee and provisional ballots being counted twice , a snag they ran into prior to the election while trying to upload test results from the pre-election " Logic & Accuracy " tests to the Sec. of State 's test election results server ( the county , like many others in the state , uploads results to the SoS via the Internet ) , and the thirteen and a half hours he says he and Serio spent double - checking results the day after the election , as well as the additional " seven hours and two complete recounts " they performed before certifying the final results .
As Serio would later offer , some 70 % of the county 's votes are cast on unverifiable ES&S iVotronic touch - screen systems .
So a " recount " on those systems largely involves pressing the button again for another computerized report of the same information .
It was combining the paper ballot results ( optically - scanned at election headquarters on ES&S m650 machines ) with the touch - screen tallies on the ES&S Election Reporting Manager ( ERM ) , that seems to have caused the problem with the double - counting of absentee and provisionals .
But that was not what caused the thousands of extra reported " phantom " votes on May 19th .
" I 'd have to look at that information , " Lance responded , in reply to the insane numbers .
He was , however , confident in the results which were eventually certified --- the numbers as seen in the May 25th reports above .
" Honesty and integrity are absolutely paramount .
If my name is going be on it , it 's got to be 100 % , " he noted again .
" Before we certify the election , I have 99.9999 % accuracy , that it is what it is . "
He also confessed that he was " not a big fan of ES&S either , " adding , " but as far as those [ May 19th ] numbers go , I 'm sorry , but I can't clarify . "
Neither could veteran Election Commissioner Serio .
In his 32nd year at the Commission , he too was quick to take responsibility for whatever may have gone wrong .
" Yeah , probably my error , " he said , initially presuming our inquiry concerned the absentee / provisional issue .
He noted the problems they initially had uploading test results to the state 's website , and the absentee / provisional problem , but other than that , he had no idea what might have caused the " impossible " numbers .
He has no love for ES&S either , and told of problems he's had with both the company and its machines over the years .
Lisa Burks , the founder and former National Coordinator for the Arkansas Headquarters of Verified Voting , was n't surprised when we told her of the strange numbers in Monroe , and the reactions from county officials and the Sec. of State 's office .
State Election Director " Carter Hawkins is telling you accurately .
He has seen stranger .
Everyone in the SOS office has , and most AR county election officials have , " she explained in an email .
She recounted her own bizarre election results when she ran for state - wide federal office in 2004 : " Both mine and my opponent 's totals went up , then down , then up again nearly 1000 points .
I tell folks when they ask me how many votes I received that it depends upon what count they want me to go by .
My vote count started at around 46,000 some odd , went up to 48,000 some odd and ended up being certified at 47,000 some odd votes . "
" Every election I am contacted by either a candidate or an election worker about some bizarre counts .
The Secretary of State 's office position has been to pass one on to the county to inquire to them , the county will pass you on to the Sec. of State 's office . "
That 's almost identical to what happened to us throughout our investigation .
" The SOS office , nearly every election , says ' AR election went smoothly , no problems with machines , ' " Burks added .
So What Now ?
While all of the officials we spoke with said they intended to look further into the matter , nobody had any real knowledge as to what may have gone on inside the computers of the private company which records and tabulates virtually every vote across " The Natural State . "
Throughout our discussions with county officials Serio and Lance , it quickly became apparent that the problems in Arkansas --- at least in Monroe --- are likely to get much worse before they get better , as the county has plans to buck the trend in the rest of the country , which is moving away from 100 % unverifiable e-voting systems , back to paper ballots .
" We did n't have very many paper ballots over all , " on May 18th , Serio said .
" We push them to vote on the ' iVos , ' " ES&S ' notorious , unverifiable touch - screen voting machines .
He says that beginning next Tuesday , when AR holds its primary run-off elections --- including the hotly contested Democratic Senate primary run-off between incumbent Sen. Blanche Lincoln and her challenger Lt. Gov. Bill Halter --- they 're " gonna use all iVos .
We 're not gonna use paper anymore at all . "
" My workers do better with iVo's , " Serio told The BRAD BLOG .
" I thought people would be resistant to it .
I like to have a paper record to look at if something goes wrong . "
He also conceded problems with the so - called paper trail printers on the touch - screens .
" Nobody looks at those paper trails , " which he says have jammed without voters or poll workers even noticing in the past .
Nonetheless , he plans to have all voters use them for all elections in the future .
" I would say about 70 to 80 % vote on the iVotronics already .
I had 3 precincts that did n't have any paper ballots at all [ on May 18th ] .
We were pushing 'em .
Our workers like working with them . "
But whether they like working with them or not , as The BRAD BLOG has pointed out again and again over the years , it 's strictly impossible to verify that any vote has ever been recorded accurately on one of them during any election .
It 's also a fact that the iVotronics , and other similar Direct Recording Electronic ( DRE ) voting machines , have been decertified in state after state following scientific study after scientific study showing them to be easily manipulated and prone to both breakdown and error .
The iVotronics and other DREs have been decertified by states like California , Colorado , Ohio , and even Florida , where iVotronic touch - screens famously lost some 18,000 votes all together , in the 2006 special U.S. House election between Christine Jennings ( D ) and Vern Buchanan ( R ) .
Buchanan would be named the winner of that election by just 369 votes , despite the " lost " votes in the Democratic stronghold county .
The reason for the disappearing votes has never been confirmed , even after a number of scientific investigations .
That made Lance 's comments about the surprising number of undervotes he noticed in Monroe all the more troubling .
" It was amazing to me , " he told us , " how many people voted in local elections , but did not vote for important stuff , Congressman , etc .
There was a tremendous number of undervotes where they did n't participate in the national election , but did participate in the local contests . "
Neither Serio nor Lance seemed to be aware of any of the studies and problems with iVotronics mentioned above until we called them to their attention .
Both men seemed to be troubled by the information which they seemed to be hearing for the first time .
In fact , Lance told us that he thought the ES&S touch - screen systems " are federally mandated . "
They are n't .
But apparently both lobbyists and the outgoing Democratic Sec. of State Charlie Daniels have gone out of their way to tell election officials in every Arkansas county that they are .
Election Integrity advocate Burks explained : " You must understand that in our state most election commissioners , county clerks , ( even the media reported this initially ) believe the e-voting machines to be ' federally mandated . '
This was by design .
This is part and parcel because our outgoing SOS Charlie Daniels and his staff went county to county telling them they had no choice to purchase the machines because they were ' federally mandated ' under HAVA [ the Help America Vote Act ] in 2002 after he was elected to that office . "
" Of course , " she continued via email , " the information from ARs Chief Election Officer , SOS Daniels and his Chief Deputy , Janet Miller Harris , was completely inaccurate , the electronic voting machines WERE NOT federally mandated as I explained , all across this state , for YEARS .
Even AR legislators thought --- and some still do think --- they are federally mandated machines because they believed what the Sec. of State 's office said to them . "
So the outlook remains grim for Arkansas at this hour .
It is also still unknown whether the problem that occurred in Monroe --- whatever it was --- was a problem with the ES&S tabulation system , as suspected by Burks , or something else that may have happened after results left Monroe County , moved across the Internet on rural Monroe 's copper wires , and then landed in the Sec. of State 's election results database and website .
Was it just a computer " glitch " ?
Human error ?
Or something more insidious ?
While Monroe is a very small county , it 's possible that a ' bad guy ' could have been using the May 19th election as a test run in preparation for a future election , since most of the counties in the state --- indeed , across the country --- use a system nearly identical to Monroe's .
" That 's the reason why I got involved , " Lance explained in a follow - up call .
" To keep the bad guys from getting their fingers involved here .
That 's exactly why I got involved .
To make sure nobody is able to manipulate elections in any way , shape , or fashion . "
But with an inability to see inside computers , Lance 's hopes may be impossible to achieve .
" I wish I could tell you all that happens to our vote totals and why .
No one can without reviewing the software programming codes , " Burks wrote .
" One thing is completely certain , " she said .
" Arkansas has among the worst election problems with vote counts and totals in the nation and --- with the exception of The BRAD BLOG , VotersUnite.org and NCVoter.
net --- has been widely ignored . "
Arkansas ' state run-off elections are scheduled for " Super - Duper Tuesday , " next week on June 8th .
On the same day , California , Georgia , Iowa , Maine , Montana , Nevada , New Jersey , North Dakota , South Carolina , South Dakota , and Virginia --- many states which also use ES&S equipment , as ES&S is the largest e-voting vendor in the nation --- will hold elections as well .
The BRAD BLOG hopes those who follow them will take screenshots of election results websites all night , and in the days that follow --- for whatever they may be worth .
* * *
Please support
The BRAD BLOG 's fiercely independent , award - winning coverage of your electoral system , as available from no other media outlet in the nation , with a donation to help us keep going ( Snail mail , more options here ) .
If you like , we 'll send you some great , award - winning election integrity documentary films in return !
Details right here ...
Many - a- PC gamers ' summer plans were ruined this afternoon , when Blizzard Entertainment announced the long - awaited launch date for its real - time strategy game , Starcraft II : Wings of Liberty .
The first installment in the three - part sequel will launch worldwide -- China excepted -- on July 27 for the PC and Mac and will retail for $ 60 in the US .
The game will also be available in a deluxe $ 100 Collector 's Edition that will include a 176 - page art book and a flash drive preloaded with the original Starcraft and its Brood War expansion .
The Terrans will lead the Starcraft II charge July 27 .
Starcraft II : Wings of Liberty will focus on the human Terran faction with a 29 - mission single - player campaign .
However , the multiplayer component will also let gamers wage interstellar real - time strategy warfare as the hivelike Zerg and technologically advanced Protoss factions .
Two sequels focusing on those factions -- Legacy of the Void and Heart of the Swarm - - are also in development .
Eager gamers who preorder the RTS via GameStop will be able to join the ongoing Starcraft II beta .
Keep in mind , though , orders cannot be canceled once GameStop sends out the beta key .
Starcraft II is the first new stand - alone game from Blizzard Entertainment since 2004's World of Warcraft , which has dominated the subscription - based massively multiplayer online role - playing market .
Wall Street analysts are bullish on the RTS 's potential sales , with Pacific Crest Securities ' Evan Wilson predicting the game will sell over 6 million copies .
Wedbush 's Michael Pachter believes that combined with the launch of the latest WOW expansion , Cataclysm , Blizzard could see game sales of 12 million units this year .
For more on Starcraft II , check out GameSpot 's recent hands - on preview , as well as an evaluation of its beta performance .
Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment Announces The Lord of the Rings Online™ to Adopt Global Free - to - Play Model Turbine ’s Award - winning Online Game Will Be Free - to - Play Worldwide This Fall BURBANK , CA – June 4 , 2010 – Warner Bros .
Interactive Entertainment announced today that Turbine , Inc. will unveil a major update this fall , making The Lord of the Rings Online™ ( LOTRO ) free - to - play for everyone .
Extending its award - winning story , LOTRO delivers the ultimate adventure featuring a massive world with state - of - the - art graphics and gameplay , and a rich set of features that until now could only be found in premium subscription - based online games .
Launching this fall across North America and Europe , with Codemasters operating the game free - to - play in Europe , LOTRO will introduce Turbine ’s innovative new pricing model that allows players to download the game and play for free , purchase expansions , quest packs , items , and account services a la carte from the new LOTRO Store , or join the VIP program to get unlimited access to all of the game ’s content for one low price .
Players interested in getting a sneak peek of the new LOTRO can sign up for a chance to participate in the Beta program which begins June 16 , 2010 at www.lotro.com.
“ Warner Bros .
Interactive Entertainment is bringing quality games based on The Lord of the Rings to multiple platforms , and the franchise ’s expansive adventure story lends itself perfectly for LOTRO free - to - play , giving a wide range of players the opportunity to experience the game , ” said Jeff Junge , Senior Vice President Online Games and Digital Games Platforms , Warner Bros.
Digital Distribution and Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment .
“ We are focused on expanding our game franchises onto new digital platforms to maximize quality experiences for gamers worldwide and LOTRO ’s new model is a great leading example of this . ”
“ Turbine ’s Dungeons and Dragons Online® : Eberron Unlimited ™ was the world ’s first truly premium free - to - play online game that ushered in a new era of choice for online gamers seeking quality entertainment , ” said Jim Crowley , President and CEO of Turbine .
“ The popularity of DDO validated the extraordinary demand by gamers for quality entertainment they can experience at their own pace and within their budget .
Extending free - to - play to LOTRO will offer another premium game to a broad spectrum of fans . ”
“ Having successfully taken two titles free - to - play in the past we are very pleased to be doing the same with The Lord of the Rings Online in Europe , ” said David Solari , Vice President and General Manager of Codemasters Online .
“ It ’s a fantastic , award - winning game with a wonderfully realized world and this step will only broaden its appeal and increase its player base . ”
LOTRO will offer players unlimited choice !
Free means Free ! – Players will download LOTRO by visiting www.lotro.com and join with millions of other adventurers as they explore the most complete and authentic recreation of Middle - earth ever created and participate in LOTRO ’s award - winning epic story up to level 50 for free .
– Players will download LOTRO by visiting www.lotro.com and join with millions of other adventurers as they explore the most complete and authentic recreation of Middle - earth ever created and participate in LOTRO ’s award - winning epic story up to level 50 for free .
Visit the new LOTRO Store ! --
The LOTRO Store is loaded with thousands of convenience items as well as expansion packs , premium content , additional character slots , potions , character customization and more !
The LOTRO Store is seamlessly integrated into the game and lets the player identify new and exciting ways to enhance and customize their experience using points which can be purchased in the store or earned through gameplay .
-- The LOTRO Store is loaded with thousands of convenience items as well as expansion packs , premium content , additional character slots , potions , character customization and more !
The LOTRO Store is seamlessly integrated into the game and lets the player identify new and exciting ways to enhance and customize their experience using points which can be purchased in the store or earned through gameplay .
Be a LOTRO VIP !
– Players who elect to become a LOTRO VIP will have unlimited access to all premium content , receive priority server access , 5 character slots , a shared bank slot , and a monthly allotment of points to spend in the new LOTRO Store .
The Lord of the Rings Online is the ultimate adventure .
This award - winning massively multiplayer online role - playing game delivers an interactive experience brimming with life and filled with the familiar people , places and monsters from the most famous fantasy of all time .
From the picturesque surroundings of the Shire to Moria , the most fearsome underground realm ever imagined , players will soon experience the world of Middle - earth for free !
For more information , visit www.lotro.com.
Reddit Email 0 Shares
Eric Blair , a.k.a.
George Orwell , is often wrongly thought to have been writing science fiction in his seminal novel , 1984 .
In fact , he was simply warning about certain tendencies in governmental practice as actually observed not only in the mass authoritarian regimes but often in his own Britain .
Thus , newspeak , whereby the government calls things by their opposite , is an arrow in the quiver of the abject everywhere .
So when the far rightwing government of Israel names anti-war peacenik Kenneth O’Keefe a “ terrorist ” , it is being Orwellian , but only in the sense of behaving as the worst governments typically do in contemporary times , not in the sense of resembling a dystopian future .
Rightwing Zionism is one of the more dangerous purveyors of newspeak nowadays .
Former deputy secretary of defense Paul Wolfowitz tried to invoke anti-terrorism laws forbidding attacks on US troops to keep peaceful protesters away from US military bases .
And it is n’t just governments .
Israeli music promoter Shuki Weiss referred to the rash of cancellations by Western bands such as the Pixies of their scheduled appearances in Israel this summer as “ cultural terrorism . ”
The musicians are protesting the aid flotilla massacre , in which 9 innocent persons were killed and 30 wounded .
Come on .
I ’m not big on cultural or academic boycotts myself , but ‘ cultural terrorism ? ’
How is declining to come a way of inspiring fear in someone ?
Maybe you could call it cultural passive - aggression .
But terrorism ?
By the way , one of the musicians now boycotting Israel is Gil Scott - Heron , who performed the classic “ The Revolution will Not be Televised . ”
What he did not realize was that it could n’t be televised because the Israeli navy jammed the signals .
But back to the serious .
The tendency of the modern national security state is to recategorize peace work as a form of terrorism , and the Bush administration placed many peace workers on the no-fly list .
The implication of the Israeli government that a corps of ‘ trained terrorists ’ pre-planned an assault on the Israeli troops that illegally boarded their vessel in international waters is rejected by all the eyewitnesses .
A kind reader pointed out that Israeli troops and the Israeli authorities have now admitted to firing bullets at the deck of the Mavi Marmara before the commandos landed , and I think the evidence is that these bullets wounded some passengers and provoked the resistance to the landing .
“ T. said he realized the group they were facing was well - trained and likely ex-military after the commandos threw a number of stun grenades and fired warning shots before rappelling down onto the deck . ”
The NYT also reported that the Israeli military fired rubber coated steel bullets before landing on the ship .
Alarmingly , there is now good evidence that the Israelis systematically erased much of the photographic evidence of their aggressive assault on the ship after they confiscated it from the passengers and journalists .
No wonder the Israelis are rejecting an independent commission to investigate the massacre — it would find that not only were crimes committed , but that there was then a concerted cover -up .
Rule of Law , 1 , Obama 0 By David Henderson
I ’ve read a lot of judges ’ decisions , but I ’ve rarely read any that are so blunt as the one issued by Martin Feldman today , a decision that overturns the Obama administration ’s moratorium on offshore oil drilling .
Some excerpts :
Much to the government ’s discomfort and this Court ’s uneasiness , the Summary also states that “ the recommendations contained in this report have been peer - reviewed by seven experts identified by the National Academy of Engineering . ”
As the plaintiffs , and the experts themselves , pointedly observe , this statement was misleading .
The experts charge it was a “ misrepresentation . ”
It was factually incorrect .
Although the experts agreed with the safety recommendations contained in the body of the main Report , five of the National Academy experts and three of the other experts have publicly stated that they “ do not agree with the six month blanket moratorium ” on floating drilling .
They envisioned a more limited kind of moratorium , but a blanket moratorium was added after their final review , they complain , and was never agreed to by them .
A factor that might cause some apprehension about the probity of the process that led to the Report .
The Report seems to define “ deepwater ” as drilling beyond a depth of 1000 feet by referencing the increased difficulty of drilling beyond this depth ; similarly , the shallowest depth referenced in the maps and facts included in the Report is “ less than 1000 feet . ”
But while there is no mention of the 500 feet depth anywhere in the Report itself , the Notice to Lessees suddenly defines “ deepwater ” as more than 500 feet .
How these studies support a finding that shear equipment does not work consistently at 500 feet is incomprehensible .
If some drilling equipment parts are flawed , is it rational to say all are ?
Are all airplanes a danger because one was ?
All oil tankers like Exxon Valdez ?
All trains ?
All mines ?
That sort of thinking seems heavy - handed , and rather overbearing .
I rarely say this about 20 + page judicial decisions , but this one is worth reading .
Canadians would rather give up junk food , coffee , television and , some of them , sex rather than park their cars , a World Wildlife Fund poll suggests .
“ It confirms that Canadians have a deep - seated attachment to our cars , ” Josh Laughren , WWF director of communications , said Wednesday .
“ Cars are n’t just a method of transportation .
They ’re a place of comfort .
For men , in particular , it ’s an expression of our personality . ”
Overall , 2 per cent of Canadians decided they ’d rather give up sex and only 1 per cent chose driving , with Ontarians , people over 50 and women most willing to go celibate rather than carless .
Far more would decide to dump junk food ( 36 per cent ) , coffee ( 14 per cent ) and television ( 6 per cent ) than hang up their keys .
The fund conducted the poll to promote its campaign to persuade Canadians to drive less for the week of May 31 to June 6 .
“ We ’re not saying people should give up the car entirely .
That may not be feasible , ” said Laughren .
“ But while it might seem easier to take my car to work , it may be better for me and my pocketbook and my stress levels and my quality of life to take transit . ”
More than three - quarters of those polled drive regularly , with the most devoted drivers being people between 30 and 49 years old with children under 18 , full - time jobs and good or very good incomes .
The highest numbers of Canadians who say they always drive , even if they could walk , bike or take transit , come from the Prairies .
Overall , 29 per cent said they always drive , while 20 per cent said they only drive if they can’t reasonably walk , bike or take transit .
Despite their attachment to their cars , 79 per cent of Canadians said they were very or somewhat concerned about the environmental impact of driving
“ Often people do n’t know how or do n’t see how they can change , ” he said .
The WWF campaign asks Canadians to “ become ambassadors ” for alternatives to driving by registering their activities that week and pinning their car keys to their clothing to spur a conversation .
For a company with as rich of a reputation for landscape QWERTY sliders as HTC has , you 'd think they'd be tripping over themselves to release a truly high - end Android phone with a keyboard , but not so much -- the closest they 've come so far would be the midrange myTouch 3G Slide , and that puppy ain't even out yet .
We broke the news last night about three seemingly new names for upcoming HTC devices -- Vision , LED , and Glacier -- and Dutch site Tweakers .
net is now reporting on a user agent profile for the Vision that lists the device featuring that mythical holy trinity : WVGA display , QWERTY , and Android .
Furthermore , they 've got the director of HTC Benelux on record saying that they 're planning more Android phones with keyboards -- so that 's a Good Thing to hear at a time when huge slates seem to be stealing the show in every segment of the market .
With the Nexus One Droid Incredible , and EVO 4G all alive and well , we think these guys would be well - served to play with other form factors for a minute or two , yeah ?
Image caption Down Under reached number one in Australia , the US and the UK
A judge has ordered Men At Work to hand over royalties from the 1983 hit single Down Under after earlier ruling they had plagiarised a children 's song .
The Australian band must pay 5 % of money earned from the song since 2002 as well as future royalties .
Larrikin Music , which owns the copyright to Kookaburra Sits in the Old Gum Tree , had sought 60 % of royalties .
The company argued successfully that Down Under 's flute riff was stolen from Marion Sinclair 's original song .
Sinclair , an Australian teacher , wrote Kookaburra Sits In The Old Gum Tree more than 70 years ago .
It has since been sung by generations of Australian school children .
Larrikin Music , which is owned by London 's Music Sales Group , bought the rights to the classic folk song in 1990 , following Sinclair 's death in 1988 .
" I consider the figures put forward by Larrikin to be excessive , overreaching and unrealistic , " Federal Court Justice Peter Jacobson said in his ruling .
The court did not specify what 5 % of the royalties would represent in Australian dollars .
Down Under - the story of an Australian backpacker touring the world - reached number one in Australia , the US and the UK , and remains a popular favourite at national events .
Colin Hay , who co-wrote the song with fellow bandmate Ron Strykert , has said any reference to Sinclair 's folk song was " inadvertent , naive , unconscious " .
The Ten Most Uninsurable People on Earth
Xenophobia , the fear of the unknown .
You can call it paranoia or forward planning , either way insurance is the 21st Century ’s safety net and it ’s big business .
Insurance is a multi- Billion per year industry , based solely on the premise of ‘ What if …? ’ and in the modern world it ’s inescapable .
Want a job ?
Then you ’ve got to pay National Insurance .
Want to drive ?
You ’ll need insurance for that too .
Want to stand on a box , in the middle of the street , shouting at passers - by , about the corruption of insurance companies ?
Guess what ?
You ’ll need insurance for that too .
But what about those people whose lives are too dangerous or disastrous for insurance companies to profit from ?
Are they ostracized from society ?
Are they shunned in the street ?
Are they stripped and sold for parts ?
No , they simply become ‘ uninsurable ’ .
The following are some examples of individuals who would probably fit this categorization .
1. Roy Sullivan – Seven Lighting Strikes !
Basic contents insurance will cover you for fire , theft and ‘ acts of God ’ , but is your premium affected if God hates you ?
Roy Sullivan AKA ‘ The Human Lightning Rod ’ , a U.S. park ranger in Virginia ’s Shenandoah National Park , held the record for lightning strikes , being struck an incredible 7 times !
The chance of getting struck by lightning is 3000 - 1 , so the chance of getting struck 7 times is an amazing twenty - two septillion to one , that ’s 22,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 - 1 .
Needless to say , he could n’t get life insurance .
2. Meteorite Target
Seeing a shooting star is a rare occurrence .
Finding a meteorite is even more unlikely .
Actually being hit by a meteorite qualifies you as one of history ’s unluckiest people .
Ann Elizabeth Hodgest of Sylacauga , Alabama holds the distinction of being the only person on record to have been hit by a meteorite .
On November 30th , 1954 she was napping on her living room couch when a grapefruit sized meteorite slammed through the roof of her house , bounced off her wooden console radio and hit her on the arm and hip .
She was badly bruised but otherwise OK .
Ms. Hodges donated the meteorite to the Alabama Museum of Natural History .
It is currently on display at the University of Alabama .
3. Tsutomu Yamaguchi – Atomic Survivor
Few people on the planet can claim to have seen an atomic blast in real life , and of those who have , the majority surviving were scientists watching from a safe distance .
Mr. Yamaguchi has the unique distinction of witnessing two atomic explosions .
As a resident of Japan , Yamaguchi was in Hiroshima on business when the city was bombed on August 6th 1945 .
Surviving by a miracle , he returned to his home in Nagasaki the following day despite his wounds .
He was in Nagasaki on August 9th , the day of the second atomic bombing .
Although Mr. Yamaguchi was insanely unlucky during this period of his life , in the end he had the last laugh by outliving the majority of his generation , dying at the age of 93 in 2010 .
4. John Child – Most Accident Prone Person In Britain
“ The accident was n’t my fault ! ” is a phrase car insurance companies hear all too often , but surely after 10 accidents even the most forgiving insurance company would become suspicious .
Yet John Child , a British car designer working for Jaguar , has been involved in 10 road traffic accidents in the last decade and has been found innocent in every instance .
Costing him thousands of pounds in repairs as well as numerous cars , Mr. Child has earned himself the title of “ Britain ’s Unluckiest Motorist ” .
He now rides a bike .
5. Worst Driver On Earth …
Marty McFly : Doc , we better back up .
We do n’t have enough road to get up to 88 .
Doc Brown : Roads ?
Where we ’re going , we do n’t need roads .
You do , however , need insurance .
Especially if you ’re planning on flying your car into a church .
Unfortunately this is n’t a cut scene from ‘ Back to the Future ’ .
This is what happened in Limbach - Oberfrohna in Saxony , Germany on January 26th , 2009 , when a motorist missed a turn , careened up an embankment and flew 35 yards through the air before crashing into the roof of a church .
God moves in mysterious ways and apparently so do Volkswagens .
6. John Lyne – 16 Major accidents from rock falls to lightning strikes
Cats may have 9 lives , but John Lyne puts them to shame .
Known as ‘ Calamity John ’ , Mr. Lyne has suffered 16 life - threatening accidents in his 54 years , ranging from lightning strikes to cave - ins and still lives to tell the tale .
“ I ’ve had a lot of lucky escapes ” states Mr. Lyne .
Surely a lifetime of being at death ’s door might affect your emotional stability , not to mention your life insurance premium , but Mr. Lyne is strangely pragmatic , “ It does n’t get me down , it ’s just how it is ” .
Here is a short list of some of his close calls :
1. Born with underdeveloped lungs
2. Drank poison as a toddler and nearly died
3 . Fell of a horse and cart , run over by a truck and nearly died
4 . Struck by lightning and nearly died
5 . Almost killed by falling rocks , twice
6 . Several nearly fatal car wrecks
7. Several near drownings
8 . A severe electrocution
9 . Several falls from heights
7. ‘ World ’s unluckiest tourists ’ – Jason and Jenny Cairns - Lawrence
You can get travel insurance but can you get ‘ terrorist ’ insurance ?
For the ‘ World ’s unluckiest tourists ’ , Jason & Jenny Cairns - Lawrence , it might be a good idea to find out .
Apparently not only good things come in threes , as the Cairns - Lawrences have managed to rack up a triumvirate of terror tourism , by being on holiday in New York on September 11th , 2001 ( World Trade Center attack ) , in London on July 7th , 2005 ( Public transport bombings ) and in Mumbai on 27th November , 2008 ( ‘ Terror attacks ’ ) .
“ It ’s a strange coincidence .
The terror attacks just happened when we were in the cities . ” says Mrs. Cairns - Lawrence
Is it a strange coincidence ?
Or just too convenient ?
Hmmmmm ……
8 . Guy who smashes his friends $ 700,000 car
“ Take my car , what ’s the worst that can happen ? ” were the last words , the owner of an Pagani Zonda S before his friend crashed the half a million pound car into a telephone pole .
Luckily for the owner , he does n’t have to foot the £ 300,000 repair bill , as his insurance covers it .
Aviva , the insurance company in question , are now having to payout the largest car insurance claim in British history .
The driver of the car managed to escape the wreckage unhurt , so the only people hurt by the accident are the insurers .
Strangely satisfying story , is n’t it ?
9. Frane Selak
Frane Selak ( born 1929 ) is a Croatian music teacher famous for his numerous escapes from fatal accidents :
Consider him either the luckiest ( to still be alive ) or unluckiest ( to have been so close to death so often ) but do n’t consider him for life insurance .
Mr. Selak ’s had his first near run in with death in January of 1962 when the train he was on plunged into an icy river and killed 17 passengers .
He escaped with only a broken arm .
The next year , while on a flight from Zagreb to Rijeka , the door of the cockpit blew open and he was thrown from the plane .
Nineteen others were killed , but he escaped nearly unharmed after landing miraculously in a haystack .
In 1966 , he was on a bus that crashed into a river .
Four others were killed , but Selak escaped unharmed .
In 1970 , he escaped uninjured after a faulty fuel pump engulfed his car with flames .
In 1973 another of Selak ’s cars caught fire , and flames were forced back through the air vents , singeing his hair but leaving him otherwise uninjured .
In 1995 Selak was hit by a city bus , but walked away nearly unscathed .
In 1996 he escaped after driving off a cliff to escape an oncoming truck .
He landed in a tree and watched as his car exploded 300 feet below him .
In 2003 , things turned around and he won $ 1,000,000 in the Croatian lottery .
Figures …
10 . Professional Free Diver
Sport stars and celebrities have been known to insure specific body parts .
Micheal Flatley had his legs insured , Jennifer Lopez her derriere and Charlotte Church her larynx .
But ‘ Free Divers ’ may struggle to find an insurance company willing to offer ‘ Lung insurance ’ .
One of the more recent extreme sports , sees divers plunging to underwater depths of 400 feet ( 120 meters ) on a single breath of air .
At the 2001 Free Diving World Cup , 15 people suffered blackouts during the competition as their brains were not getting enough oxygen .
So if you want to be on good terms with your insurers , it ’s probably best to stick to the shallow end .
class= ” statcounter ” > href= ” http://www.statcounter.com/tumblr/”target=”_blank”>src=”http://c.statcounter.com/5986701/0/c2d6a105/1/”alt=”tumblr tracker ” >
Perhaps the best " game " we saw yesterday at Microsoft 's Kinect launch event was a Star Wars title .
Why ?
Why do n't you take a look yourself .
Advertisement
Take all this with a sizable grain of salt , of course , as you always should with on - stage demonstrations , but anyone that watches this and is n't at least a little excited ( at the potential , if not the stilted performance from this obviously - not - actually - playing - the - game actor ) is either lying or is a cold , barren husk of a person .
Click to view
Oh , and do n't bother checking your speakers , because there 's no sound .
Whole Foods Market
Fish are healthy and loaded with Omega - 3 fatty acids -- a key nutrient during pregnancy -- but some fish including tuna , can contain toxic contaminants like mercury , PCBs and dioxins , which have may cause learning problems , breast cancer , or other health problems .
These contaminants can pass from the mother to child during pregnancy and breast - feeding .
On top of that , much seafood is being overfished toward extinction , making our oceans seriously messed up .
What 's a consumer -- especially a pregnant woman -- to do ?
The Monterrey Bay Aquarium knows .
It has crunched the numbers , considering both environmental and health data , and released a list of the best fish for women of childbearing age ( since contaminants can build up inside our bodies , it 's important for women to watch their diets long before they think about getting pregnant ) .
These eight fish are the most nutritious , with the highest levels of Omega - 3 fatty acids , while having low levels of both mercury and PCBs .
For good measure , they are fished sustainably , so eating these fish wo n't contribute to the decline of ocean health .
8 Safe Nutritious Pregnancy Fish
Note that the method and location of the fishery matters :
A wild - caught salmon from Alaska will have a very different ( and far superior ) nutrition , contaminant and environmental profile than a farmed salmon , for instance .
Also note that the American Pregnancy Association recommends against consuming raw shellfish or smoked fish -- whatever it 's nutrition and contaminant profile -- during pregnancy .
1. Albacore Tuna ( troll - or pole - caught , from the U.S. or British Columbia ) .
Tuna is a top source of Vitamin B6 , which helps maintain healthy blood , muscle and skin .
2. Mussels ( farmed ) .
Try them in this Dungeness crab and mussel chowder .
3. Oysters ( farmed ) .
A true superfood , oysters are a top source of iron and Vitamin B12 .
Try them in roasted with shallots and herbs , chowder or fresh , with a champagne vinaigrette .
Note : The American Pregnancy Association recommends against consuming raw shellfish during pregnancy .
4. Pacific Sardines ( wild - caught ) .
A top source of calcium , try them in this sardine and potato salad with Romesco sauce .
5. Pink Shrimp ( wild - caught , from Oregon ) .
Try shrimp with Asian bbq sauce , shrimp and rice casserole , spicy shrimp tacos , shrimp spring rolls , shrimp and tomato salad or lemony shrimp risotto .
6. Rainbow Trout ( farmed ) .
Try trout , a top source of Vitamin B12 with
beet - horseradish yogurt sauce and green garlic oil , with egg in a smoked * trout salad , as a garnish to pea soup , or with this delectable meal : filleted trout with crispy sage and prosciutto , early summer vegetable beurre blanc , wilted spinach and potato puree .
Note : The American Pregnancy Association recommends against consuming smoked fish during pregnancy .
7. Salmon ( wild - caught , from Alaska ) .
A top source of calcium and Vitamin B12 , try one of these eight wild Alaskan salmon recipes .
8. Spot Prawns ( wild - caught , from British Columbia ) .
Try them as a substitute for shrimp , or in one of these recipes .
6 More Safe Pregnancy Fish
The Monterrey Bay Aquarium lists six additional seafood choices as safe pregnancy fish -- they just are n't as high in Omega - 3 fatty acids :
Arctic Char ( farmed ) .
Try substituting char in most salmon recipes , or try these Arctic char recipes .
Bay Scallops ( farmed ) .
Try them seared with saffron couscous or with fennel and Pernod in this rotini .
Crayfish ( farmed , from the U.S. ) .
Substitute crayfish for shrimp in most recipes , or try them in these recipes .
Dungeness Crab ( wild - caught , from California , Oregon or Washington ) .
A top source of Vitamin B12 , try Dungeness crab in this Dungeness crab and mussel chowder .
Longfin Squid ( wild - caught , from the U.S. Atlantic ) .
Go beyond fried calamari with these squid recipes .
Pacific Cod ( longline - caught , from Alaska ) .
Try cod broiled with miso glaze .
More Safe Sustainable Seafood Tips
For more healthy sustainable fish options , consult these Web sites : The Monterey Bay Aquarium 's Seafood Watch program , Environmental Defense 's Oceans Alive campaign , Fishwise , and the Seafood Choices Alliance .
And look for these labels at the fish market , though be aware that Consumer 's Union says none is " highly meaningful " :
Dolphin
Safe in most cases certifies that tuna is caught without killing dolphins , but only applies to the primary fishing grounds in the eastern Pacific , not to tuna caught elsewhere .
FishWise is very useful for choosing sustainably caught fish and " somewhat meaningful " for determining contaminant levels .
in most cases certifies that tuna is caught without killing dolphins , but only applies to the primary fishing grounds in the eastern Pacific , not to tuna caught elsewhere .
FishWise is very useful for choosing sustainably caught fish and " somewhat meaningful " for determining contaminant levels .
Marine Stewardship Council is " somewhat meaningful " ; while it provides consumers information about which fish are sustainably harvested , the standards used to determine what is " sustainable " can be inconsistent .
is " somewhat meaningful " ; while it provides consumers information about which fish are sustainably harvested , the standards used to determine what is " sustainable " can be inconsistent .
Safe Harbor is " somewhat meaningful " for choosing fish that are less contaminated ( below median level ) with mercury , but is not useful for comparing mercury levels between species .
In other words , hypothetically , you may choose a Safe Harbor - labeled tuna that is less contaminated than other tuna , but it could be still more contaminated than an unlabeled swordfish .
is " somewhat meaningful " for choosing fish that are less contaminated ( below median level ) with mercury , but is not useful for comparing mercury levels between species .
In other words , hypothetically , you may choose a Safe Harbor - labeled tuna that is less contaminated than other tuna , but it could be still more contaminated than an unlabeled swordfish .
Seafood Safe is " somewhat meaningful " for choosing fish that are lower in two common contaminants , PCBs and mercury .
The label relies on data from the tests of random samples of fish .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Time to take another look at algae ?
( Image : Volker Steger / SPL )
Pond scum .
The term surfaces in every news report about the decades - long effort to get energy from algae .
But more respect for the tiny creatures may soon be in order : industry and governments have started pouring billions into alga power .
Just the basic facts make you wonder why algae are n’t powering our civilisation already .
The single - celled phytoplankton produce half our planet ’s oxygen and are the fastest - growing green organisms known .
In shallow seawater ponds on land , they can use sunlight and sewage to turn concentrated carbon dioxide – flue gas from coal burning , say – into usable hydrocarbons , half of which can almost be poured straight into a diesel engine .
“ Ten million hectares of algae could supply all US transportation fuel , ” says Greg Mitchell of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography in La Jolla , California .
That ’s less than 3 per cent of the area farmed in the US – and algae can live in seawater in the desert .
Advertisement
Fuel shocks
Too good to be true ?
Until recently , it seemed so .
After the 1970s fuel shocks , the US launched the Aquatic Species Program ( ASP ) to investigate algae .
It eventually built 1000 square metres of ponds at Roswell , New Mexico , and found many promising algal strains .
But it concluded in 1996 that diesel from algae would cost twice as much as diesel from oil – at least at oil prices then .
So the ASP ended , and focus shifted to bioethanol from maize .
Enthusiasm for that has dimmed , however , as it conflicts with our need for farmland for food .
One option has been to look at making bioethanol from inedible land plants .
But interest has also swung back to algae .
Last year oil giant ExxonMobil committed $ 600 million to develop algal fuels with genome pioneer Craig Venter .
Since then projects have mushroomed : John Benemann , formerly a lead investigator on the ASP , estimates that $ 2 billion could be flowing into algal energy projects between 2009 and 2011 .
ExxonMobil believes it will be able to sell algal diesel through existing refineries and petrol stations .
Last month the first jet engine powered entirely by algae oil flew at an air show in Berlin , Germany .
Energy efficient
Algae can produce 10 times as much energy per hectare as land - grown oil crops , says Mark Hildebrand of Scripps , because “ they float .
They do n’t have to spend half their [ energy ] building stalks to support themselves . ”
Instead , they make more cells until they run out of nutrients such as nitrogen .
Then they stop dividing , but keep photosynthesising , storing the results as an oil droplet that can eventually take up more than half the cell .
One simple chemical reaction makes this oil into a diesel fuel that releases less particulate , sulphur - oxide and nitrogen - oxide pollutants than petroleum - based diesel .
The remaining algal biomass can also be burned as fuel , though may be worth more as livestock feed , especially for fish .
That means less damage to the environment , and less demand for overtaxed fisheries , soil and water to catch or grow feed .
Problems , problems
Algae do present problems , however .
One is that they do n’t grow and make oil at the same time – and that impedes industrial production .
Algae can be grown until they use up all the nitrogen in their water .
Then they stop multiplying – but before they switch to making oil , they cannibalise their own proteins for any spare nitrogen .
Then they start making oil , but with damaged photosynthetic machinery that is less productive .
One family , the diatoms , solves that problem , says Hildebrand : they make intricate cell walls from silica , and start making oil when there is no more silica to grow .
So they can produce oil without damaging themselves .
Scaling up algae production has been plagued by teething trouble and short - term financing .
One high - profile start - up , GreenFuels Technologies , built the most ambitious pilot plant yet – it used CO 2 from a power plant in Arizona – but went broke last year , a victim of unruly algal growth and expensive growth chambers .
The cheapest way to grow algae is in large open ponds , but these risk being invaded by algal “ weeds ” and algae - eating zooplankton .
Mixed algal communities , perhaps with different species to match the seasons , might out - compete interlopers , says Hildebrand .
But even if growth problems are resolved , harvesting the oil is expensive .
Benemann thinks there is promise in algae that spontaneously settle to the bottom of their tanks , or one kind that excretes oil in a capsule which resists oil - eating bacteria .
Industrialising this process will require much R&D .
A little means a lot
And ultimately , production will require suitable climate , land , water , nutrients and CO 2 , all at one site .
Even using waste land , seawater , sewage and smokestack CO 2 , Benemann thinks this will limit the potential for algal biomass to the equivalent of 1 per cent of the CO 2 now being released , or less .
“ But that ’s still a gargantuan amount .
Let ’s hope we can do that much . ”
We wo n’t without more long - term funding , says Mitchell .
But he is sanguine about the pay - off .
“ The US has been subsidising corn ethanol at $ 5 billion a year .
Half that amount for 15 years in algae could solve the water , fuel , energy , feed and farmland crises humanity faces . ”
Read previous Green machine columns :
The dream of green cars meets reality , Tackling the plastic menace , Bacteria will keep CO 2 safely buried , Recycled batteries boost electric cars ,
It ’s your eco-friendly funeral , Cars could run on sunlight and CO 2 , Hitting the lights in wasteful offices , Cementing greener construction , Generating more light than heat .
To say that David Remnick should need no introduction to readers of The Morning News may be , uh , arrogant , or at least presumptuous .
Then again , it is a complex world , is n’t it ?
Since 1998 , David Remnick has been the editor of the New Yorker magazine ( the New York - based publication , founded in 1925 , that assumed people in Iowa were not interested in its content ) .
He has written a Pulitzer Prize - winning biography of Mohammed Ali and is a devoted , if not devout , New York Yankees fan .
And he is a good family man .
Remnick and I ( along with my 12 - year - old son Cuba ) chatted recently about The Bridge , his new political biography of Barack Obama , and a wide swath of subjects as you will discover below .
OK then .
* * *
Robert Birnbaum : This is April 29 , 2010 , speaking with David Remnick — and we ’re rolling .
Why did you write this book ?
David Remnick : I wanted to understand him [ Obama ] .
I had n’t written a book in 12 years .
RB : Was the [ Muhammad ]
Ali book [ King of the World ] the last book you had written ?
DR : It was the last real book I had written .
I had compiled some New Yorker pieces under the rubric of reporting .
And I was completely taken by Obama — in the journalistic sense of trying to understand who he is and why this is happening now .
I was up here in Boston — I had written an article for the magazine published just after the election called “ The Joshua Generation , ” which was about race and the election .
In a special election issue there were four big pieces : one by George Packer about the potential for Obama and reform ; one by David Grann about the ill - fated McCain campaign ; and another one by Ryan Lizza on the mechanics of how Obama managed to win ; and I was writing about race .
RB : That was n’t the one with the controversial Barry Blitt cover ?
DR : No , this is the serene one with the Lincoln Memorial — somewhat more beloved by many .
A couple of months later , [ John ]
Updike died and I came up to the funeral .
It was a very modest funeral , up north of Boston , near the water .
It was a very traditional service — it was not some sort of funeral / bash — a traditional Episcopal funeral with just friends and family and a few of us outsiders .
The thing that PEN did with the New Yorker was at the New York Public Library .
But I was up here and I took a couple of extra days and hung out at Harvard Law .
And I interviewed a bunch of people at Harvard Law School about Obama — Larry Tribe , Martha Minow , and other professors and associates — and it just struck me deeply how superficial at least my knowledge was of just this narrow episode in his life .
Where he comes into his own in terms of ambition and —
RB : At Harvard Law School and as president of the Law Review ?
DR : That ’s the first time he thinks , “ I can play at the very highest level . ”
That his ego , his maturation , all that comes to the starting gate .
And so I decided to do it , to give it a try .
And obviously there is an extra literary challenge for me , which is to say : I have a job that is rather consuming and I ca n’t take my eye off of it .
So to add that to —
RB : So there was also a psychological challenge , subject matter aside ?
DR : A little bit .
But it ’s not a stunt —
RB : Right , you do n’t write 600 - page books to show off — I get that .
DR : But I have to say — not that I do n’t find writing hard ; I find it very difficult because I know how good or bad it can be — but I do like the process .
Some writers , really having written , dread writing .
I have never felt that .
I find it immensely exciting .
Having been a journalist long enough , I can smell a conceit or even a contrivance when it comes across the New Jersey Turnpike .
RB : There are writers who dread writing , but love revising or editing their own work .
DR : They are all different .
RB : It appears to me that , in addition to being fascinated by Obama , you really like him .
Could it be because in some ways he is like you ?
Or he manifests some of the same personality traits ?
DR : Having been a journalist long enough , I can smell a conceit or even a contrivance when it comes across the New Jersey Turnpike .
And that is a conceit to begin with and for me to endorse it would be a colossal conceit .
RB : At some point we are going to talk about your work as editor of the New Yorker —
DR : Sure .
RB : And maybe that notion is : I think the magazine world , especially the subset of smart magazines , may be a hornet ’s nest , and for you to be there 12 years and apparently beloved —
DR : I do n’t know about beloved .
I do n’t experience it as a hornet ’s nest .
If by “ hornet ’s nest ” you mean that there are day - to - day crises , problems , things that seem ever so important and the next day they are not — that ’s true .
But it ’s nothing like drinking from a fire hydrant , which is what being in big - time politics is like .
Look , it is a goddamn privilege to have — not only to be able to edit a magazine like that , but also to be completely and utterly supported by the ownership of the magazine .
And not least in a period when some of the things we are trying to do are not expanding , but maybe contracting under economic pressure .
So I do n’t experience it as anything like a hornet ’s nest .
I experience it as preposterous good fortune .
And I do n’t see this as a Pollyanna — I really do n’t .
Not only is it not coal mining , but also even within the field we are talking about it ’s unbelievably privileged .
For me not to understand that would make me blind .
RB : And from my outsider ’s vantage point , I do n’t see many good places to work .
The New Yorker may be one of a handful — you do n’t have to respond to that .
Some guy came up to me , grabbed my arm in a way that was slightly alarming , and his message to me was , “ Do n’t fuck this up !
” DR : Look , in everybody ’s life — you live long enough you know one thing for sure — everybody ’s got something .
By that I mean everybody — you do n’t get very far in life without some pretty miserable things happening even to the most lucky - seeming people .
So presuming that ’s true , I also know what the opposite is .
You ’re a fool not to see your own good fortune .
I ’ve worked in two places with two owners : the Washington Post and the New Yorker .
And that ’s pretty lucky stuff .
RB : And you were happy in both places —
DR : Well , in both cases the ownership — meaning Don Graham and Katharine Graham , and Si Newhouse — [ pauses ] provided the maximum freedom that an owner can .
And support .
RB : It appears the Newhouse looks at the New Yorker and its editor as special cases in his empire .
DR : Maybe so .
I think other editors in the house feel that way , too .
But look , I ’m not thinking about that very much .
I am thinking about 99 percent of the New Yorker where this is concerned .
So I do n’t know what the editors of other magazines are thinking in those terms .
RB : How much is the New Yorker a barometer , a thermometer , litmus test , measuring stick of cultural developments in the United States ?
Does the ongoing success of the New Yorker say anything about literacy , book - buying , things like that ?
DR : Well , if that were the case than it would defy all [ the ] dark imaginings of all the prognosticators , because our circulation seems to go up .
I have to tell you — one of the good parts about traveling or getting out of the house and the well - worn groove between my apartment and the office , and meeting people at this event or that event , is the number of people who come up and , in a non-routine sort of way , almost with an urgency , tell me how important the magazine is to them .
Not me , not any single writer , even the enterprise by itself and its constancy .
Not because it ’s unfailing or because it ’s perfect — that ’s too ridiculous to hope for — but because of its ambition .
I do n’t think we are all alone , by the way .
There are a number of magazines I really admire and respect that are quite different from ours .
But I remember , one week after getting this job , in the almost absurd way I got it , I had to go to San Francisco , and I was at dinner and some guy came up to me .
He had been in the Midwest and lived in San Francisco and he came up to the table where we were having dinner and grabbed my arm in a way that was slightly alarming and his message to me was , “ Do n’t fuck this up ! ”
RB : ( laughs )
DR : “ This magazine has meant something to me since I was 14 or 15 years old . ”
This guy had to be 50 if he was a day , and so his attachment to it was really important to him .
And that happens all the time in one way or another .
RB : That ’s a non-routine way in which people express their bond to the magazine — grabbing you ?
DR : Yeah , even when they get mad at it .
RB : What explains the — although I was not an admirer of Tina Brown ’s —
DR : See , I am .
RB : Nonetheless , I never thought that the New Yorker declined under her .
DR : I thought Tina did some very important things .
To me — I ’ll stop sounding like an advertising agency in a minute on behalf of my magazine — but to me the unusual thing about the New Yorker is the following :
Most magazines , whether they are highbrow , middlebrow , lowbrow , whatever — have , if they are lucky , a moment .
RB : Right .
DR : So look at a highbrow example — the Partisan Review .
Its moment was in postwar America .
A kind of anti-Stalinist left , writing about politics and culture , to say nothing of its fiction .
It only had a circulation of 5,000 but its influence was gigantic .
Now , as an enterprise , it continued on until not so long ago , but it really had that moment , that prolonged moment .
Life magazine the same thing ;
Life magazine was to my parents and to millions of other people a hugely important thing .
Certainly from the Second World War through Vietnam .
It lived many years after that , but its moment was that moment .
The unusual thing about the New Yorker , which begins in 1925 , is it has [ had ] any number of moments — that are prolonged and interesting .
So I think Tina gave it vibrancy in many ways and focused attention on it in many ways : excited people , pissed people off , hired a lot of people .
RB : Spent a lot of money —
DR : OK .
Sometimes you have to do that .
She introduced things like photography — something as simple as photography — in a brilliant way .
One photographer [ Richard Avedon ] .
That was a really , really smart thing to do .
RB : And yet the magazine does n’t look much different — it ’s still identifiable from its predecessors .
The typeface , the layout —
DR : My feeling about the look of the magazine is that if it falls on the ground , no matter what innovations you make on it along the way , it should still be recognizably the New Yorker when you look at it from three or four feet away .
I respect all kinds of magazines that I know in my heart are graphically more advanced .
Look at Wired .
It ’s a highly designed magazine , a deeply designed magazine , and it ’s right for Wired .
I am not sure it would be right for us .
RB : Well , when you talk about moments , I think that ’s another way of saying “ Golden Age ” for certain things .
In this era I am not sure what it is a Golden Age of — it may be video games .
Magazines and television and movies are more and more resembling video games graphically .
Certainly many magazines do n’t look like they used to .
DR : Although if you look at old magazines , even some you admire , some look almost impossibly antique .
And some of them — if you look back at the early days of Fortune , it was impossibly radical .
Always I find the best sources are the sources on the second level — not necessarily principals .
RB : Henry Luce loved that magazine .
He spent a fortune .
DR : And it had a gigantic format .
RB : He used the best photographers —
DR : And writers .
He had all kinds of people .
RB : I am wondering , based on what appears to be extensive research , if the Ali biography was a stepping - stone —
DR : Ali ’s biography was much easier .
RB : Did n’t it give you entry to sources that —
DR : It was much easier .
Much more time had elapsed .
Let ’s face it :
In some ways it ’s a less serious subject .
It ’s a much more confined space .
And the number of people who could speak to me was very limited .
Ali could n’t speak .
Floyd Patterson was already very ill .
Sonny Liston was gone .
Most of the cornermen were gone .
So it was easier in almost a frustrating way .
And Malcolm X is not there .
The sources at the Nation of Islam were limited .
It was , in fact , a tricky book to do .
One of the great discoveries that you make when you are doing a book about a popular culture figure like Ali is that you get to mine a lot of books or articles or films that seemed awfully minor at the time , but are filled with great material .
For example , a magazine proves itself in a certain way .
I got an enormous amount of material from old copies of Sports Illustrated , which was a great magazine during the Ali period , great .
But also Boxing Illustrated and Ring , the old copies of the Nation of Islam paper , The Final Call , or Muhammad Speaks .
Always I find the best sources are the sources on the second level — not necessarily principals .
Not necessarily
Ali himself , but the cornerman , who knows everything and maybe does n’t give an interview every five minutes .
RB : Because no one thinks to ask them ?
DR : Time has passed .
People have stopped asking .
And if they encounter someone that ’s serious , who does n’t go away after 15 minutes — most interviews are for fairly cursory or ephemeral purposes — the next day ’s paper , the next column or a 15 - minute radio interview — and that ’s fine .
But it ’s like a first date :
You tell your one good story and off you go .
It ’s when you do n’t go away that the stuff starts to get better and deeper and truer .
If you recognize anything from a reporter like Bob Woodward , or even John McPhee , or anybody that ’s a great interviewer , each in their own way , it ’s that they come back and back and back .
“ Oh , I forgot , can I ask you this ? ”
Or , “ You said this … ”
All the strategies involved — acting dumb —
RB : ( chuckles )
DR : — of not quite going away .
Calling back , checking .
All those conscious or unconscious strategies .
RB : I see the Ali book as a precursor — well , not a precursor but as a kind of rehearsal .
Somehow it got you —
DR : — connected , I think —
RB : — into a culture that —
DR : — I was n’t born into .
( laughs )
RB : And helped you step into conversations with black people and black culture .
DR : Yeah , there were a few people that were a little more forthcoming , I have this feeling , because they had read that book .
Somebody in the White House , in particular , said , “ I read that book when I was 20 years old , ” and now he is a significant aide .
And he gave me the time of day when he might not have .
RB : Speaking of which , the Wall Street Journal reported that there were 10 writers scurrying around the White House writing Obama books .
I am assuming that was —
DR : That ’s not new .
There are always —
RB : The claim was that there were more books being written at this stage in Obama ’s presidency than , for example , his predecessor .
DR : Yeah .
I do n’t think the Obamas so far have — forgive me , I hate this word — but “ privileged ” any one writer , in the way Reagan did with Edmund Morris .
Remember that experiment in the Reagan administration ?
Edmund Morris was given almost free rein of the White House .
RB : You are talking about Morris , who wrote Dutch ?
DR : Yeah .
He wrote these two volumes of what will ultimately be a three - volume biography of Teddy Roosevelt .
Reagan , or someone in Reagan ’s circle , had read those and felt , “ Well , if we are going to have someone do it , it might as well be him [ Edmund Morris ] . ”
And Morris was utterly confounded by Reagan .
He just could never get a grip on him .
He admired him in some ways , even if their politics were n’t identical .
And what happened was that he wrote a book that was fictionalized , or kind of an experiment in nonfiction , that took enormous liberties .
But it was almost an admission of complete uncomprehendingness .
RB : Do you know Richard Reeves ’s book on Reagan ?
DR : Yes , it ’s a very straightforward book .
As was his book on Kennedy .
RB : He talked about Morris ’s difficulties , not the least of which is that he is South African , which may have affected his understanding —
DR : I think Edmund Morris has been living in America long enough , and I would credit him with enough historical knowledge and depth .
I mean , if he could write those books on Teddy Roosevelt , I think he knows his way around the West Wing pretty well .
Look , Barack Obama is the first African American president ; to think that there is n’t going to be at the end of the century a very rich literature on him would be fantasy .
I know that ’s the case .
I ’m even aware of people working on biographies of the mother , the father , and for all I know , the fifth cousin .
RB : And the dog .
There will be dog books .
DR : The dog has a lot to say .
( both laugh )
RB : You might have seen a recent piece on Politico.com that talked about the White House pool reporters complaining of terrible access , and the White House favoring the New York Times .
DR : Yeah , I know the story .
RB : That does n’t jibe with the impression that Obama ’s constituency might have of a forthcoming , and if not transparent , maybe a translucent approach to press relations .
DR : I am trying to remember a White House press corps that was satisfied with its access to the President of the United States .
Afghanistan — if you have a good solution for that , please tell me .
RB : Were they unhappy with Clinton ?
DR : This is a drama that happens with great regularity .
RB : The numbers indicate that the press had regular access to Clinton .
I do n’t remember complaining then .
DR : How is it possible that , on one hand , we hear criticism that he is too available , there are too many interviews ?
And then we hear from the White House press corps that he is not transparent enough ?
RB : Well , because the interviews are accepted under his discretion and he has lots of control , one - on - one .
And what the beat reporters are looking for is some regular shoulder - rubbing , where more can happen .
DR : This happened when ?
Look , I ’d be right with them if I were cursed to be in the White House press corps everyday .
It ’s a hard job .
I would be complaining with everybody else .
I do n’t blame them .
This is a drama that happens all the time .
RB : I was susceptible to this complaining based on Desirée Rogers , the former White House social secretary , trumpeting the notion that Obama is a “ brand . ”
DR : Well , you know what they say , the famous Michael Kinsley line about what a Washington gaffe is : “ A Washington gaffe is the inadvertent blurting of the truth . ”
RB : ( laughs )
DR : And there is no doubt that Obama ’s people , and not just Desirée Rogers , sometimes are apt to think of their guy with that kind of market speak , as a brand .
RB : Shame , shame .
As long as you mentioned Michael Kinsley , is it the case that he had the New Yorker editor ’s position , your job , for a day or so and then changed his mind ?
Is that story correct ?
DR : I do n’t know .
I think to have a job you have to sign a contract , so I think it ’s not true .
I think what happened was — and thanks for asking —
RB : ( laughs )
DR : ( chuckles ) I think what happened was Tina Brown fairly abruptly and unexpectedly resigned to go off and create another magazine called Talk , so there was no editor at the New Yorker .
Si Newhouse ’s impulse was to act on it pretty quickly and he interviewed someone I regard extremely highly : Michael Kinsley , who had been editor of the New Republic twice , editor of Harper ’s , and a wonderful columnist .
And they came very close , and my understanding of it was that Si Newhouse changed his mind .
It was a series of meetings that did not end happily , and then he came and talked to me .
RB : It would have been interesting because part of Kinsley ’s M.O. —
DR : I mean , 12 years ago , already a fair amount of time has elapsed .
( To Cuba Birnbaum , who is in the room )
How old are you ?
Cuba Birnbaum : Twelve .
RB : He was born about that time .
DR : That ’s how we mark your birth —
RB : Yeah , landmarks in New Yorker history .
It would have made for an interesting situation , as Kinsley seems to be a restless spirit and does n’t stay [ anyplace ] very long .
He went to Slate and might have been there the longest that he was anywhere .
DR : I forgot to mention Slate .
Michael invented one of the first really good , uh , call it a magazine , paper , whatever — I guess paper is not the word we should use .
And it is something that lasts today and develops today —
RB : It ’s now owned by the Washington Post .
DR : It ’s terrific — look , his contribution could n’t be greater to American journalism .
It ’s varied , and as a commentator —
RB : He went to the L.A. Times as an op - ed guy briefly .
DR : That was really brief .
RB : He was also at the Washington Post briefly .
DR : I think he ’s back at the Atlantic now .
As a columnist , he is one of the great bullshit - puncturists of all times .
All columnists have a signature move and his is , “ You thought this :
That ’s actually bullshit . ”
He turns on the lamp .
If somebody is going to suggest that my brief look at the first year of the Presidency is a tail to the bigger animal , then I plead guilty .
RB : I do recall that he seemed to outrage the American literary world — was it the National Book Awards ?
The Pulitzer Prize ?
[ The National Book Awards —ed . ]
He admitted , as he daily received large deliveries of books —
DR : ( laughs )
He turned them away ?
RB : Not quite .
He admitted that he did n’t read all of the books submitted and did n’t complete all of the books that he did read .
DR : I think anybody that is honest who has been on a book prize jury admits that they have n’t read all those books , and the picture may be even worse sometimes .
I mean , how could you ?
I was on one jury —
RB : Four hundred books ?
DR : I swear to God , I received hundreds of them .
It ’s very hard .
RB : Looping back to the Obama book :
What did you leave out ?
DR : The presidency .
That ’s a small detail .
You have to have an ordering principle for any book .
I just started a book the other day —
RB : Writing one or reading one ?
DR : Reading — on 3,000 years of Christianity .
( laughs )
That ordering principle is rather broad , but even that one has a beginning , a middle , and an end .
RB : Chapters covering 300 years ?
DR : A world without end on end — but I knew that the door [ of my book ] had to slam shut as soon as the Presidency begins .
Some of the books that you mentioned before — as it were , reporting and chasing the presidency as it ’s happening — I ’m not even sure I could do that even if I did n’t have a job .
I think that would be an exercise in frustration , although some awfully good people are doing it .
Jon Alter is one , and my colleague Ryan Lizza is another .
Ryan will find an ordering principle — whether it ’s the health care debate or whatever he decides to do .
Jon
Alter ’s book is coming out [ The Promise : President Obama , Year One ] in three weeks and that ’s about the first year .
That just was n’t for me .
RB : I may be mistaken , but I think Douglas Brinkley suggested that the last section of your book seemed tacked - on — the epilogue seemed tacked - on ?
Is n’t that what an epilogue is ?
DR : Well , if somebody is going to suggest that my brief look at the first year of the Presidency is a tail to the bigger animal , then I plead guilty .
RB : The book came out very quickly after some of the things it references .
DR : It did , it did .
I plead guilty .
I was able to make changes up until three weeks before printing — which is very unusual .
There were galleys , but they [ Knopf ] were pretty quick about it .
RB : Who is your editor ?
DR : Dan Frank , a wonderful editor , who also runs Pantheon .
To be honest , I also availed myself of advice of editors at the New Yorker — Henry Finder , Dorothy Wickenden , Ann Goldstein — and some pretty smart friends too .
RB : When I asked what you left out , I also — are you holding any secrets ?
DR : No secrets of value or that I can be reasonably sure of .
Do I hear things — this , that , and the other thing — along the way ?
Sure , but until I feel confident enough to publish them , they remain nothing more than motes of dust before my eyes .
RB : So , what is your sense of Obama in his first year ?
DR : I ’ll tell you what I did n’t find duty - bound to pursue beyond the routine — was he born in Honolulu , Hawaii .
I have seen the certificate , just as you have .
I ’ve seen the copies of the local press reports of his birth .
That should suffice as it would for a biography of Teddy Roosevelt .
He is not a prophetic figure .
He is not a civil rights activist .
He is an electoral politician .
RB : How crazy is this world ?
( laughs )
DR : It ’s crazier than that .
RB : I was asking about your sense of him in this first year of his presidency —
DR : You mean vis -a - vis my own political opinions ?
RB : I have already commented on his breaking his promise to use public funds — he reneged on it .
DR : I mentioned it .
You are right ; guilty as charged .
I mean , what do you do ?
Stamp your feet ?
He did it .
I think it was a bald - faced political move .
Welcome to politics .
It was to his political advantage — if you go on the presumption that Barack Obama is somehow higher than politics , then your disappointment is profound .
If like me , you see him as a politician , not particularly grubby , but as a politician who is going to , when push comes to shove on an issue like that , do what ’s best for him and his campaign to win , then I take note of it .
I am even potentially disappointed in it .
But I am not shocked , shocked , shocked because there is gambling in Casablanca .
So I do n’t think we differ on this .
RB : There is certainly no sense of shock , but when you add that , for example , to the promise to Armenians he was going to use the word “ genocide ” —
DR : Robert , what is he doing ?
What is he doing ?
He is trying to get a camel through the eye of a needle .
RB : He is caving to the Turkish constituency in the U.S. ( laughs )
DR : There are very few Turks in this country .
He has an Armenian constituency , but he also has Turkey to deal with , which is becoming much grumpier about its relationship both with the United States and Israel .
The Turkish leadership has become much more —
RB : Nationalistic ?
DR : Nationalistic .
RB : Recalcitrant ?
DR : Certainly when it comes to the issue we are both talking about — when it comes to Palestine and Israel .
So he threaded the needle linguistically .
Look , this is a very important distinction to make and a very important point about Obama .
Part of Obama ’s brilliance and part of his appeal as a campaigner is his ability to echo and summon and help us remember what we think of as prophetic voices in American history — King , the Civil Rights movement in general .
But he is not a prophetic figure .
He is not a civil rights activist .
He is an electoral politician .
The pressures on him , the requirements on him are different from someone on the outside putting pressure on power :
He is power itself .
So when he wins , preposterously , a Nobel Peace Prize , he knows politically that — he has just sent 30,000 extra troops to Afghanistan , he has to give a speech in Oslo that takes account of this ( chuckles ) irony .
RB : During the campaign , what is your sense of the sincerity of belief that he was going to expeditiously withdraw troops from Iraq and —
DR : He is .
RB : We have the largest U.S. embassy in the world in Iraq — whether we pull out another division or so , it seems there will always be 50,000 troops there .
DR : I do n’t know that .
You do n’t know that either .
Look how many troops are in Korea — that war ended a long time ago .
RB : West Germany — I mean Germany ?
DR : And if we left all at once , what would happen ?
RB : In Germany ?
DR : No , in Iraq .
RB : Everyone says slaughter or bloodbath .
DR : OK , so I do n’t take that very blithely , and I do n’t think you should .
RB : I am not saying that that is not a serious concern , but shape - shifting Obama claimed that he was going to do better than anyone else .
If you are going to publish pieces that are a bit outside of time , then there should be other things in the magazine that are fairly timely .
DR : I think he is .
I think your argument would be stronger if it were focused on Afghanistan .
RB : I was getting to that .
DR : As far as Iraq is concerned , it ’s not arguable that there has been a steady pullback of American presence .
You want it to be faster , I ’m inferring .
Toward what end ?
RB : Good question .
Less dead G.I.s and G.I.s at risk .
DR : They are very different situations , it seems to me .
Where Iraq is concerned , what ’s the desired end ?
The desired end is a steady withdrawal of American troops , as many and as soon as humanly possible without provoking something horrendous —
RB : All the while maintaining the illusion of some semblance of order .
DR : Afghanistan — if you have a good solution for that , please tell me .
RB : I am just saying , why offer to the electorate — in the main , not people spending their time reading Foreign Affairs or even the World section of the New York Times — why promise something or make them feel like something is going to happen ?
DR : My impression of the campaign — and this is not a Rorschach test , this is a pretty clear memory of the campaign — it was not of Barack Obama saying that , “ On the day I am elected I am bringing home every troop from Iraq . ”
RB : Of course not .
But did he say he was going to add 30,000 and 30,000 ?
DR : We are talking about Iraq for the moment .
From Newtonville , Ma. , it may seem like the same , but there are highly different dynamics in a different stage of development .
When you get to Afghanistan it is very difficult , to say the least , to see the logic almost in any move , and there is certainly no great end game to any of this .
Look at our partner in Afghanistan .
A corrupt , delusional —
RB : We did n’t know Karzai was corrupt eight years ago ?
DR : No , no , not to this degree .
RB : That his brother was involved in a Caspian Sea pipeline was n’t a tip - off ?
DR : The level of his deterioration as a partner has been precipitous .
All you are getting from me is —
RB : OK , OK .
As your New Jersey homie points out , we have an empire .
DR : Who is that ?
RB : Bill Maher .
DR : ( laughs )
You know Bill Maher and I grew up — he was a neighbor of the drummer of a rock band I was in ; eventually it went by the name of Derek and the Dialectics — and during breaks in rehearsing in my friend ’s basement , I played basketball in Bill ’s driveway .
Bill Maher ’s father was , I think , a radio guy , a radio professional .
We were n’t close at all .
I see him every 10 years like clockwork .
I had n’t seen him in a long time .
RB : I find that to be a very creditable show .
Especially in distinction from other pundit panel shows .
DR : I think it ’s better when he has differing opinions on there .
Everything runs a risk , any magazine or show , there is a risk of smugness when everybody is saying the same thing and cracking wise about it .
RB : I do n’t remember who was on Maher ’s show with you .
DR : A woman named Laura —
RB : Oh yeah , Laura Flanders .
DR : She ’s a radio person .
Who is very smart .
RB : And then the economist [ Simon Johnson ] , and Lawrence Bender , who just produced a movie on the threat of nuclear proliferation .
DR : It ’s a different dynamic , Bill Maher and Jon Stewart .
Stewart , who is many things , is also our best press critic .
He is brilliant .
RB : He took on CNN , on CNN .
And a steady barrage against Fox News .
But that ’s preaching to the converted .
DR : It is , but its impact — Fox is a pretty important force .
It ’s been said that Fox is the Republican Party .
I do n’t know if I ’d go that far , but it ’s a very important base , in a way .
There is a risk of smugness when everybody is saying the same thing and cracking wise about it .
RB : Are there any thoughtful conservatives left in this country ?
DR : Well , of course as a good liberal , I run the risk of invoking the wrath of conservatives , but somebody like David Brooks seems to me to be as thoughtful as anybody , anywhere .
RB : I find him to be kind of smarmy ; reaching for some easy points .
DR : I read the conservative press .
I think the current phenomenon — I am not so sure it ’s unique — the phenomenon of everybody listening to and watching and reading their own niche press to be convinced of their own wonderful view of the world is pretty dangerous .
RB : I try to read Brooks — I ’m limiting my reading to [ the New York Times blog he shares with ] Gail Collins , who I find hilarious .
DR : She ’s very funny .
RB : Frank Rich even seems a little tired .
DR : I love Frank .
I think he is very good .
RB : He is very good , but his focus has narrowed .
DR : My favorite liberal columnist without question is Rick Hertzberg .
Some people ’s talent , somebody like Michael Kinsley ’s talent , is to throw you off your comfort zone .
Rick ’s talent is not that .
He frames and thinks through a liberal position with an extraordinary elegance of mind in prose .
That ’s his [ talent ] , if you can put it in a nutshell .
RB : He ’s subtle and not particularly provocative .
DR : His attack is usually directed toward conservatism in one way of another .
But he has some pet causes , like proportional representation and systematic government issues , that seem very boring but are absolutely part of what is at the heart of what ’s wrong with our political culture .
RB : Did the New Yorker always cover current politics as it is covering it now ?
DR : Look , part of what ’s at the heart of the New Yorker are pieces like Janet Malcolm ’s this week , where she has written a 25,000 - word narrative account of a murder trial that took place a year or two ago .
But that same issue has a piece about the Tea Party movement by Jill Lepore and also a comment piece about the Goldman Sachs controversy .
I want both .
At risk of sounding again like a PR machine for my own magazine :
If you are going to publish pieces that are going to attempt to be a bit outside of time , then there should be something else in the magazine or other things in the magazine that are fairly timely — whether culture pieces or political pieces .
I do n’t want the magazine to be decoration for your coffee table .
I do n’t want it sitting around for eight months untouched , more admired than read — I want you to pick the damn thing up .
And if that means picking it up to get at those shorter immediate pieces and then eventually you get to the longer things , then that ’s a fairly good entry point .
RB : Eventually the longer things end up being that writer ’s next book .
DR : Fine .
I ’m OK with that .
It was ever thus .
If the results are like Janet Malcolm on psychoanalysis or Sandy [ Ian ] Frazier on the Great Plains or Susan Orlean on the Orchid Thief or George Packer on the Iraq War — if those things first appear in the magazine and then in books — well , fantastic .
At 51 , I have decided fantasy should be limited to sex , not football .
RB : For the most part , John McPhee has written for the New Yorker .
DR : His entire career .
He began as a Time magazine feature writer and he did that for some time .
I think the first pieces he wrote about — well , the first piece that he is known for in the New Yorker was his profile of Bill Bradley in 1965 called “ A Sense of Where You Are . ”
And we are publishing , of all things from the New Yorker , a sports anthology in June called The Only Game in Town .
And you usually do n’t think of the New Yorker as your go - to sports Bible ( laughs ) .
RB : Roger Angell .
DR : But if you look at it over time —
RB : [ A.J. ]
Liebling on boxing —
DR : Liebling on boxing , John Updike on — God forgive me — your Boston Red Sox , Roger Angell on baseball and many unexpected things .
RB : Did anyone ever write about football ?
DR : It ’s not our strongest thing .
RB : Holly Brubach would do football for you .
DR : ( Laughs )
RB : Do n’t laugh .
She actually —
DR : She ’s a football fanatic ?
RB : I was looking at the Times last fall in the sports pages and there is a profile of the Pittsburgh Steelers coach Mike Tomlin with Holly Brubach ’s byline .
DR : Really ?
I have to tell you : I love my colleagues , but if I went into a meeting with my fellow editors and I suggest sports ideas , the look of uncomprehending , slack - jawed boredom that crosses most of their faces is stunning .
Some of the writers are very into it —
Ben McGrath , Nick Paumgarten .
Weirdly , Susan Orlean has written a couple of sports pieces .
OK , they tend to be on the Westminister Dog Show —
RB : ( laughs )
That ’s an expansive definition of sports .
DR : Some people think chess is a sport .
David Owens is a fantastic golf writer .
RB : I find golf to be the least interesting of pastimes .
DR : To me it looks like a nervous breakdown with a stick .
RB : Speaking of sports , I ca n’t get over the reported fact that more people watched the NFL draft than the NBA playoffs .
DR : Is n’t that amazing ?
I really like the NBA playoffs .
My son and I — anytime the Cavaliers or the Lakers are on , but not only them .
Watching people selected from the colleges —
RB : Walk up , say the same clichés —
DR : I know , I know .
Some of it has to do with people doing their own drafts and fantasy football .
At 51 , I have decided fantasy should be limited to sex , not football .
RB : Right !
Good one .
Do you have a plan about writing books ?
DR : Not at all — just the opposite .
I have a plan not to write books , not for a good while .
This was really an exception to the real plan .
My eyes — my priorities one , two , three , four , five , and more are the New Yorker , and that requires my — demands — my attention , and never more so than now because we are in this period where not only does one have to edit the magazine — and I want to stress , I do n’t do this all by my lonesome ; I do it with some remarkable colleagues who have enormous influence on what happens to the magazine week to week .
I do n’t see the job as a kind of singularity , and that everybody scurries to do my will .
That ’s not the way it ’s run .
Right now , for example , in terms of the delivery systems of the New Yorker , we have to be on all of them that make sense — all at once and see what pans out .
So that means print , it means website , it means Kindle , it means iPad .
RB : Twitter , Facebook ?
DR : I pay less attention to that than I do to the actual magazine as it appears in whatever form .
I know we have presence on all those things , too .
RB : Is the online iteration of the magazine different than the one that is created for e-reader devices ?
DR : The website is clearly different from what you get on the iPad / Kindle ; you ’re getting the magazine as it is , every Monday morning , or some facsimile thereof , or something that works for that screen .
The website is changing not just every day , but periodically every day , and we do not put a lot of the material from the magazine on the website .
Quite frankly , one of the reasons for that is :
This is not free .
Websites are free and they are not made up for by web advertising .
It might be [ for ] search engines or daily newspapers , but not for magazines .
So much of what is on NewYorker.com is supplemental to the magazine — which is to say , an interview with a writer about that week ’s piece , blogs , podcasts .
One of the more popular things one the website is a podcast done every week by Deborah Treisman , where one of our fiction writers will read a story by some other writer — Lorrie Moore reading a story by John Cheever or something .
It ’s very popular and people pop them in their cars and listen to them on the way to work .
That does n’t seem like part of your life —
RB : It is n’t .
DR :— in terms of podcasts .
RB : It would be much easier to put out conversations like this one as podcasts .
But no , I like pushing people to read .
DR : ( To Cuba ) How are you doing ?
Want anything else ?
RB : ( to Cuba )
Want to ask him what baseball team he likes ?
DR : You want to know ?
You ’re going to hate me for it .
Cuba : The Yankees ?
DR : Here ’s the thing — I grew up in New Jersey .
The first place I could go on my own , on the bus into the city was — I would take the bus from New Jersey to the George Washington Bridge and the subway up to Yankee Stadium .
Shea Stadium was a long way away .
Shea was for people on Long Island and old Dodgers fans , Brooklyn , Queens —
RB : What , the Giants ?
DR : You mean the Polo Grounds ?
That was northern Manhattan .
This is 1957 , ‘ 58 .
My grandfather would take me to the Mets because he was a Dodgers fan and I went to see the Mets when they were horrible .
Horrible , when I was very little .
But I am a Yankees fan , I ’m sorry .
RB : I have a T - shirt that says , “ The team from my locale is superior to the team from your locale , ” which sums up my sense of being a fan .
DR : ( laughs )
I ’ll tell you , once I went to Fenway and I was sitting in the right field stands , and I was surrounded by guys wearing — who had had one or two — wearing T - shirts questioning the manhood and worse of Jorge Posada and Derek Jeter .
And the chants were unbelievable — this kind of impoliteness never happens at Yankee Stadium — never , never , never .
RB : Yeah , right .
There is not a rich market for “ Red Sox Sucks ” T - shirts ?
DR : That would never happen .
I ’ll tell you — this is honest - to - God true and I could n’t believe it when I saw it — I was filing into a Yankee game and some guy was wearing a “ Red Sox Sucks ” or worse T - shirt and he was made to take it off by the ticket taker .
RB : Nice !
DR : That seemed a little decorous to me .
RB : That would n’t happen at Fenway .
DR : ( both laugh ) I do n’t think so .
Not without a fight .
RB : Look , I grew up in Chicago so my heart and allegiance is with the Cubs — even when they were owned by the Tribune Co .
DR : So you have two poetic teams .
RB : Well , the Red Sox have won a World Series —
DR : That ’s their problem .
Not only did they win once , they won twice , so I do n’t want to hear any more moaning about it .
RB : I have never gotten over Red Sox fans booing Pedro Martinez on a bad day he was having ; I decided that these fans were intolerable .
DR : I was watching ESPN this morning and Lou Piniella , who I really liked as a Yankee — great kind of solid hitter , good enough right fielder — he has lost it .
The Cubs are so bad .
They just do n’t score any runs .
And he gave a press conference — he looked so pained .
You know that thing where managers in their press conferences after the game get nasty with the writers for no reason ?
It ’s really not very nice .
Piniella , who is usually OK , was just a pill .
It was not a happy sight .
I love the White Sox manager .
RB : Yeah , Ozzie Guillén is a hoot .
DR : Love him .
RB : The Cubs just sent Carlos Zambrano to the bullpen — after signing him to a $ 100 million contract —
DR : What are they going to do ?
He ca n’t pitch .
I do n’t care if they give him the lease to Wrigley Field , he ca n’t pitch .
The goal for me is to make sure we find a way , willy - nilly , to be healthy .
RB : It ’s a beautiful field , anyway .
Baseball , which is no longer the American pastime , is still about where you grew up .
There is no other justification for rooting for a team .
DR : And the conceit of it is silly — all the people on the team are not from New York — it ’s not like they are homegrown .
RB : Right .
And every town is the best sports town .
DR : I am afraid it ’s a narcotic that I will be a lifelong addict to — there are worse things .
Are we recording this baseball talk ?
RB : We are .
DR : OK .
RB : These days I am more enjoying watching Little League .
DR : I loved watching my kids play .
I miss that .
The numerous failures and the intermittent , occasional triumphant moments — I loved that .
RB : And do n’t forget the wacky behavior of parents and coaches as comic relief .
( pause )
What is going to happen with newspapers and such ?
DR : I ’m not a fortune teller .
I know it would be interesting if I sat here and told you without a trace of uncertainty that in 10 years all magazines are going to be projected on screens on the side of the Empire State Building and the Prudential Building .
Or alternately , they would be projected on the inside of your sunglasses in the summertime .
I do n’t know .
Here ’s what my job is , and I share that with other editors , too :
We are in this moment of technological uncertainty and transition .
The goal for me is to make sure we find a way , willy - nilly , to be healthy so that we can do the thing itself .
The thing itself is what I care about most .
Given a choice between the survival of the long - form narrative journalism , criticism , cartooning — all the things that we do — and print itself , there is no contest .
No contest .
I , at the age of 51 , may still think , for me , the best technology for reading the New Yorker at this moment is the print version .
But that ’s just me .
If your son , decides otherwise , that he wants to read it on an iPad , kenahorah [ so be it ] .
RB : That ’s Yiddish , Cuba . ( laughs )
DR : I want to be there for him .
I just want each version of it to be as good as humanly possible .
RB : I read the New Yorker in my car ; I keep my copies there .
DR : While you drive ?
RB : No , for all those moments of waiting — anticipated and not .
DR : I am not sure I want to drive with you .
No matter what you are reading .
( laughs )
RB : I started reading newspapers when I was 10 or 11 .
It was a daily ritual —
DR : And you do n’t anymore — are you online completely ?
RB : Yeah , except for the New Yorker .
DR : No print subscriptions .
RB : No , I have n’t touched a [ Boston ]
Globe in years .
There are two people I read in the Globe .
Otherwise I do n’t read it .
DR : How do you get your news ?
RB : I read the Times and Post online and check out aggregators .
DR : Are you going to pay for it when they ask you ?
RB : Yes .
DR : Then OK .
Then OK .
Because it ’s expensive , what they do .
RB : However when the Times gated their columnists , I did n’t pay .
DR : Well , you are about to — you know they are changing in the next year .
RB : What about the New Yorker ?
DR : Well , I very deliberately did not give away the New Yorker , as such , online for that very reason I did not want to train this guy over here , your son , or people in their 20s , to think that it ’s free .
I just want to emphasize this — to send people to Iraq , to send people to Boston , to pay people ’s salaries , to pay people a decent or better wage , to be able to afford to pay the best writers that one can possibly find , costs money .
I do n’t think it ’s immoral or anything like it to object to the notion that “ information wants to be free . ”
Information wants to be free in the sense of its distribution and its availability and in terms of the First Amendment , and thank God the technology is getting so I can get up in the morning and if I want to read an Albanian newspaper , I can .
That ’s fantastic .
It ’s an astonishing thing that I can read , as I sometimes do — I ’m a Russia nut , so I read Russian papers before Russians do , because I read them late at night .
That ’s an amazing thing .
In that sense , that kind of evangelical phrase , “ Information wants to be free , ” great .
But the journalism itself is not free .
It ca n’t be free .
And if it is free , it ’s not going to be very good .
With all due respect to the journalism done by citizen journalists , which can have great value , as it did in New Orleans during the flood — that ’s only gong to take you so far .
There is such a thing in this life as professionalism .
RB : There is a way , that having so many people on the internet it is like that old saw about 40,000 monkeys at typewriters will eventually produce Das Kapital .
DR : There are some talented people , there is no doubt .
And what happens to those talented people after a while ?
RB : They move up to the bigs .
Ten years ago so - called mainstream media refused to acknowledge anyone doing legitimate , valuable work .
DR : Look , anxieties always come with change .
And blogging — there are bloggers and there are bloggers .
RB : There was n’t that measured response — to call all internet writing and journalism terrible —
DR : Right , and it ’s also a dull thing to say .
It ’s also a true thing to say — if someone is trying to say 50 things a day , the possibility of saying something profound —
RB : ( laughs )
DR : But I do n’t think that ’s what blogging is about .
It ’s a lot of aggregating .
The role that Andrew Sullivan ’s blog played , for example , during the Iran uprising was a serious one and helped me understand it ; helped me see it .
And he is not alone .
I also know in specialty fields — for example , science , things that you and I may never see as good English majors — that scholars use it all the time .
There are people obsessed with one particular area , all the time finding things of great value .
I think it ’s a great thing —
RB : Do you watch television ?
DR : I do .
RB : Are you watching Treme ?
DR : I am .
RB : You no doubt were a fan of The Wire ?
DR : A big fan .
I watched The Wire in a funny way .
I got to it too late and did n’t watch it all .
And then one summer in the course of three weeks I watched five seasons .
RB : I did the same thing .
DR : The Sopranos I watched week by week .
I miss it terribly .
I loved it — a New Jersey boy , how could I not love The Sopranos ?
RB : I thought The Wire was perfect in almost every way .
DR : I think David Simon , who I know a little bit , is a great force in that field and same for the creator of The Sopranos .
RB : If you watch Treme , then you know that Bullets [ Sports Bar ] was mentioned in an episode .
DR : I went to Bullets — it ’s in my book .
It ’s in the Seventh Ward .
You know who took me there ?
The actor —
RB : Antoine Baptiste ?
DR : No , the actor Wendell Pierce [ who played homicide cop Bunk on The Wire ] .
Terrific guy , terrific guy .
RB : Have you seen Justified ?
DR : Is that a cop show ?
RB : It ’s a show based on an Elmore Leonard character —
DR : It ’s good ?
RB : Very .
DR : What do I watch ?
Probably too much baseball , more than is absolutely necessary .
RB : Just the American League ?
DR : I think one team is enough , do n’t you ?
These games go on for four hours .
I often watch it with the sound off , reading something that can be read in that way .
I was big fan of the West Wing .
What it did was it combined the speech patterns of ‘ 30s screwball comedy and an idealized notion of what American government could be at a time when American government was hardly an encouraging spectacle .
RB : I liked the show Aaron Sorkin came up with after —
DR : I watched that show — it was called something - Sunset Blvd , the address of the show .
How long did it last ?
A season ?
[ Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip ; it lasted one season , 22 episodes —ed . ]
RB : I do n’t think so .
DR : I watched them all .
It had a very similar rhythm and similar actors — in any event , the spectacle of what looked like the inside of Saturday Night Live was less fresh then the Frank Capra vision of the White House .
RB : I have to say I am befuddled by what flits across my TV screen — who are these Kondrashian people ?
DR : You think they lack genius ?
RB : Uh .
DR : ( laughs )
RB : Someone must have genius associated with them .
DR : Something I have never found interesting at all — two unbelievably popular things on television .
One is reality television — it never interested me at all .
And the other is this neo - talent - show stuff , like American Idol .
The reason I do n’t like American Idol is that a lot of the talent seems to be a replication of the singing style of Mariah Carey and Whitney Huston .
I do n’t need it .
RB : I do like the dance show So You Think You Can Dance .
The kids who audition are very talented and they have accomplished choreographers involved .
And the judging is very positive and articulate .
DR : Look , I have a lot of reading to do at night , and kids —
Cuba : Dad , the guy from Roxbury won last year .
RB : He was great .
DR : I have to go in a few minutes — do you have anything else ?
RB : We ’re good .
Thanks .
DR : This was fun .
So I have an idea for a project .
The idea is to document the core concepts taught in the major classical works .
Phase two would be to build some sort of concept - normalized mindmap .
Here ’s the impetus :
When I read my favorite authors I am constantly struck by references –too many of which I do n’t have a strong command of .
So my goal here is to continue reading voraciously and to document every single reference I come across .
Then I ’ll take those references , find the original work , and create this type of summary for it .
The first task of the effort will be to come up with a format for the summaries , which I want to be extremely clean , i.e. brief .
I ’m thinking perhaps :
Title Author name ( with Wikipedia link )
Date of publish A 1 - 3 sentence summary of the work 1 - 10 bullets of key concepts and pioneering words or phrases
An example :
—
[ Many of the summary sentences will probably come out of Wikipedia , as they have high shoulders . ]
1984
Author : George Orwell
Published : 1949
Summary
Nineteen Eighty - Four ( sometimes written 1984 ) , by George Orwell , published in 1949 , is a dystopian novel about the totalitarian regime of the Party , an oligarchical collectivist society where life in the Oceanian province of Airstrip
One is a world of perpetual war , pervasive government surveillance , public mind control , and the voiding of citizens ’ rights .
Concepts
Big brother looks attractive and ends up being evil
Watch for political talk that promotes pervasive surveillance
Newspeak is a fictional language in George Orwell ’s novel Nineteen Eighty - Four that is almost purely propaganda .
It is described in the novel as being “ the only language in the world whose vocabulary gets smaller every year ” .
Be extremely weary of giving power to someone who says they ’re protecting you .
—
This is , of course , an obscenely simplistic summary .
But I think capturing the major works in this way might still be of use to many –not the least of which is me .
It does n’t mean someone should n’t read the works themselves , as many are classics for the beauty in which the concepts are presented in addition to the concepts themselves , but I believe there is value in distilling the wisdom as well .
Thoughts ?
Suggestions ?
No more neckties !
Sunday is Father ’s Day , and we dads will be overwhelmed with neckties and wrench sets .
We will feign ecstasy , and our loved ones will pretend to believe our protestations of pleasure .
But for a really nifty Father ’s Day gift , how about sponsoring a rat ?
Specifically , an African giant pouched rat , about 30 inches long including tail .
These are he - man rats , the kind that send cats fleeing .
What ’s more , we ’re not talking about just any giant rat , but an educated one with the rodent equivalent of a Ph.D .
A Dutch company , Apopo , has trained these giant rats , which have poor sight but excellent noses , to detect landmines in Africa .
The rats are too light to set off the mines , but they can explore a suspected minefield and point with their noses to buried mines .
After many months of training , a rat can clear as much land in 20 minutes as a human can in two days .
In addition to earning their stripes as mine detectors , the giant rats are also trained in health work : detecting cases of tuberculosis .
Possible TB sufferers provide samples of sputum , which are then handed over to the rats to sniff out .
This detection process turns out to be much faster than your typical microscope examination .
A technician with a microscope in Tanzania can screen about 40 samples a day , while one giant rat can screen the same amount in seven minutes .
Improving application throughput 9 x with asynchronous responses in Rails 3
Update : A quick overview of the changes needed to setup Ajax - Gist to use asynchronous responses is available here : commit summary at GitHub
Several weeks ago when writing Ajax - Gist.com one aspect of the project I neglected was performance .
Because every un-cached request requires that we do a HTTP call to gist.
github.com , application throughput was very low , on the order of 5 requests per second .
For the most part this was ' good enough ' and logs showed that very few people were being left waiting on the queue because of my fairly aggressive HTTP caching .
But when it came down to it I wanted to be able to offer a more reliable and more performant service , ideally without shelling out the extra clams for access to more application instances on Heroku .
While thinking about the problem I remembered that Thin ( the web - server that Heroku uses ) is capable of serving asynchronous requests using EventMachine .
I knew that asynchronous Rack applications were fairly easy to write , but I did n't want to abandon Rails because , while this is a fairly simple application , keeping the simplicity of Rails and getting the advantage of higher application throughput in this and other more complex applications would be a big win .
Luckily this is one of those occasions where other , much smarter , people already had the same idea , albeit fairly recently .
My research turned up a lot of work by Ilya Grigorik and Mike Perham that pushed toward this goal .
Rack / Fiber - Pool by Mike is a piece of Rack middleware that runs each request in it's own Fiber , allowing the possibility of easy cooperative scheduling in Rack applications .
While EM - Synchrony provides a set of Fiber - aware EventMachine clients for common things like HTTP requests , Memcached , MySQL and Mongo .
Mike was kind enough to do all of the leg - work in creating a guide for creating asynchronous Rails 2.X applications and only 2 days ago Ilya provided an example for achieving the same results in Rails 3 .
In the end implementation turned out to be relatively simple , and the results speak for themselves :
1 # Synchronous : 2 3 Benchmarking 192.168.1.3 ( be patient ) ..... done 4 Document Path : / gist / 1010.js 5 Concurrency Level : 30 6 Time taken for tests : 18.312 seconds 7 Complete requests : 100 8 Requests per second : 5.46 [ #/sec ] ( mean ) 9
Time per request : 5493.543 [ ms ] ( mean ) 10 Time per request : 183.118 [ ms ] ( mean , across all concurrent requests ) 11 12 # Asynchronous : 13 14 Benchmarking 192.168.1.3 ( be patient ) ..... done 15 Document Path : / gist / 1010.js 16 Concurrency Level : 30 17 Time taken for tests : 1.923 seconds 18 Complete requests : 100 19 Requests per second : 52.00 [ #/sec ] ( mean ) 20 Time per request : 576.883 [ ms ] ( mean ) 21 Time per request : 19.229 [ ms ] ( mean , across all concurrent requests )
Now all I have to do is wait for Heroku to update Bundler so I can deploy the new version !
Update 2 : Heroku updated their version of bundler to be compatible with Rails3 , so the new version of the application is live at http://ajax-gist.com/
The application source is available here : http://github.com/aarongough/ajax-gist/tree/development
My thanks to Mike and Ilya for all their awesome work !
( CNN ) --
An expedition by environmental group Greenpeace has revealed a stunning array of sea life on the Arctic Ocean seabed .
The crew on board the Greenpeace ship , Esperanza , sailed to waters north of Norway 's Svalbard Islands to record the footage .
Using state - of - the - art equipment , veteran underwater photographer Gavin Newman was able to capture rare images of sea anemones , tunicates and soft corals which appear to thrive in the harsh subzero temperatures .
" We came here very much prepared to survey vast areas of flat sand and mud , but we have found an amazing amount of under water biodiversity , " Newman told CNN .
Greenpeace : Arctic Under Pressure Expedition
Newman captured the footage up to 600 meters beneath the ocean surface .
A separate camera attached to a remote operated vehicle recorded startlingly clear images of coral and fish up to 200 meters below sea level .
" It is one of the most colorful places I 've dived apart from tropical coral reefs .
It really was very unexpected , " he said .
But Greenpeace says these pristine Arctic ecosystems are under threat from rising temperatures , changes in ocean currents and ocean acidification , or the absorption of anthropogenic carbon dioxide from the atmosphere .
The receding polar ice is also tempting fishing trawlers into the Arctic 's international waters , Greenpeace says .
" There are some Norwegian and Russian trawlers out here .
We asked to go on board one of the Norwegian trawlers to talk to them about where they were fishing , but they declined our offer , " Newman said .
Greenpeace also claims these fishing trawlers are causing damage to ecosystems on the seabed .
" We 've found trawlers are ripping up huge amounts of coral and other important habitat on the seabed .
It 's like someone 's ploughed a field , " Newman said .
Greenpeace found the trawl marks on the seabed at varying depths of between 200 and 400 meters .
The environmental group has called for an international moratorium on all industrial activities , including bottom trawling in the Arctic Ocean .
Frida Bengtsson , Greenpeace Nordic oceans campaigner said in a statement : " Greenpeace is calling for immediate protection of these waters to allow time for an effective international management regime to be drawn up for the Arctic Ocean . "
" Any fishery encroaching on the Arctic Ocean must be stopped until the scientific community has a clearer understanding of this ecosystem , and the ways it is being impacted by climate change " .
Bengtsson added that the U.S. took an environmental lead in November 2009 when it announced a ban on all fishing north of Alaska 's Bering Strait , and she urged Norway to follow suit banning all bottom trawling -- dragging a net along the ocean floor -- north of 80 degrees .
Sigrun Holst , deputy director general of Norway 's Ministry of Fisheries and Coastal Affairs , told CNN : " If we are speaking about bottom trawling in the international areas around the North Pole , those areas are over 4,000 meters deep . "
Norwegian scientists have indicated that it is highly unlikely that the fish caught in the country 's waters -- mainly cod -- could exist at such depths , Holst said .
" If , against all odds , the stocks should migrate to such deep depths , we do n't have any trawlers that we could use , with today 's technology , that would be possible to use in those waters .
It 's all very hypothetical , " she added .
Last month the coastal states of the Arctic Ocean -- Norway , Russia , Denmark / Greenland , Canada and United States -- met in the Norwegian capital Oslo , to discuss conservation and fish stocks .
They concluded that large - scale commercial fishing in the Arctic Ocean was not imminent , but said more scientific research needed to be conducted and shared between the five states to understand how climate change is affecting fish stocks in the Arctic .
Leaving aside the horrific timing , let 's keep this gem in mind the next time some Republican babbles incessantly about fiscal austerity and budget tightening :
Shortly before the Deepwater Horizon exploded in the Gulf , the Florida House spent $ 200,000 for a study of oil drilling off Florida 's coast which said any spills would be rare , small and easily contained .
The report by the Willis Group cost $ 200,000 because it was a “ rush job , ” according to Jill Chamberlin , spokeswoman for Florida House Speaker Larry Cretul .
So , by my math , the state of Florida could have saved the jobs of 3 - 4 teachers ( or other critical personnel on the state payroll ) , but instead put those resources into hastening the creation of a report which happened to fall right into line with the political proclivities of Florida 's current and incoming Speakers of the House .
A report which , conveniently , will give them some ammunition in dealing with the Governor of Florida , who is a recent convert on the subject ( among others ) .
Well , it 's good to know that the Florida GOPers running their legislature have their fiscal priorities straight .
Garlands was one of the Tees Valley 's largest private employers More than 1,000 employees working for a North East call centre have been made redundant .
Garland Call Centres , based at Hartlepool Marina , Middlesbrough and South Shields , announced it had gone into administration on Monday .
The centre employed 1,158 people - 178 based in South Shields , 621 in Hartlepool and 359 in Middlesbrough .
Administrators said the company was unable to support trading after the " termination of key contracts " .
' Very challenging '
A total of 1,088 staff were expected to lose their jobs .
The announcement was made to staff on Monday at 1400 BST over the in - house radio system by chief executive Chey Garland .
They were told the doors would be closing at 1500 BST .
A statement from administrators PriceWaterhouseCoopers LLP ( PwC ) said one contract had been retained by Garlands .
It said a small number of staff , believed to be about 70 employees , would continue to work for that contract and assist with the closure of the business .
Nick Reed , director and joint administrator at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP , said : " Garlands Call Centres has experienced very challenging trading conditions and more recently received notice from a number of key clients of their intention to move their customer service work .
" We had no inkling beforehand .
We had no inkling everything had gone "
Former Garlands employee " The Garlands ' board were unable to identify a viable way forward given the significant deterioration in contract work and high infrastructure costs .
" As such , they were left with no option than to appoint administrators . "
Garlands , which supplied work to a number of telecoms companies , was founded by Chey Garland , who began the business from her Middlesbrough home as a debt collection firm in 1981 .
A statement from Garlands said : " The appointment of an administrator follows decisions by a number of Garlands ' largest clients to move their outsourced customer service activity to other centres , many in low wage countries including Asia and Africa . "
It added that in 2008 the company employee number had grown to around 3,000 but by 2009 it had lost much of its work for its large broadband and mobile operator clients .
By 2010 , it said it was left with contracted work for only 1,500 employees .
MP Stuart Bell said it was another " body blow " to the area after the partial mothballing of the Corus plant in Redcar in which 1,600 workers lost their jobs .
He said : " It is very sad news for Chey Garland and the company and for the workers who will be losing their jobs . "
' Great workforce ' Speaking to BBC
Tees one former Garlands worker said the announcement had come " out of the blue " .
He said : " We had no inkling beforehand .
We had no inkling everything had gone .
" It is quite gutting .
It has not really sunk in properly yet .
I have n't been in the department that long but I have made some good friends and it is quite heart - wrenching to leave it all . "
Another former employee said : " There 's people there that have worked there a lot longer than I have .
" Some are husbands and wives - so that is both of them out of a job .
And it just makes you think , what are they going to do ? "
Chief executive Chey Garland said she was " devastated " Chief executive , Chey Garland paid tribute to her staff and said she was " devastated " by the course of events .
She said : " We had a great workforce .
" The fact that we had grown to the size we had , which was about 3,000 people and about a £ 50 m turnover in 2007 / 08 , we would never have been able to do that without that commitment , dedication and quality of work produced . "
She added : " I am absolutely devastated by the course of events .
The North East is losing a world - class contact centre business - one that took 30 years of hard work to build and just 18 months of economic recession to destroy .
" My heart goes out to all the people who have worked so hard to make Garlands a success and who will now lose their jobs and face hardship through no fault of their own .
" The management has fought tooth and nail to save the company and the support we 've received from our staff and business advisors has been truly outstanding . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON — Preservation scientists at the Library of Congress have discovered that Thomas Jefferson , even in the act of declaring independence from England , had trouble breaking free from monarchial rule .
In an early draft of the Declaration of Independence , Jefferson wrote the word “ subjects , ’’ when he referred to the American public .
He then erased that word and replaced it with “ citizens , ’’ a term he used frequently throughout the final draft .
The Library released news of the struck word yesterday .
Fenalla France , a research chemist at the Library , said her lab made the discovery last year by using hyperspectral imaging , a high resolution digital camera that compiles a series of images to highlight layers of a document .
Some of those invisible layers — like erased text — pop into view on a computer screen .
France said it appears Jefferson used his hand to wipe the word “ subjects ’ ’ out while the ink was still wet .
A distinct brown smudge is apparent on the paper , although the word itself is not legible without the help of the digital technology .
“ It shows the progress of his mind , ’’ said James Billington , librarian of Congress .
“ This was a decisive moment . ’’
The document is normally kept under lock and key in one of the Library ’s vaults .
Yesterday morning it traveled under police escort for a demonstration of the high - tech imaging , where Maria Nugent , director of the Library ’s top treasures collection , revealed the rough draft of the Declaration , which includes handwritten corrections by John Adams and Benjamin Franklin .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
Image caption The Wikipedia entry for George W Bush was regularly subject to malicious editing
The online encyclopaedia Wikipedia says it has taken an " important step " towards making it easier to edit some of its most controversial articles .
Up to 2,000 articles , including a page about former US President George W Bush , will have their strict editing restrictions relaxed .
Users will now be able to submit changes to the selected pages for review by senior editors .
It is part of Wikipedia 's ongoing efforts to curb vandalism of the site .
Wikipedia 's founder Jimmy Wales told BBC
News that the new system , called " pending changes " will allow the site " to open up articles for general editing that have been protected or semi-protected for years .
" That 's what is exciting about this , " he said .
False reports
Wikipedia encourages editorial changes from everybody who comes to the site .
However , it has been plagued by persistent problems such as the malicious editing of entries , and repeated editing of controversial topics .
These have had to be semi-protected for years just because they are too tempting for naughty people to try something funny Jimmy Wales , Wikipedia founder
As a result , the site has introduced a number of levels of protection that can be applied to articles .
For example , new or anonymous users could previously be prevented from editing " semi- protected " articles , and were forced to suggest changes on a discussion board attached to each article before they could be incorporated .
Semi-protected articles cover a wide range of subjects including Iceland , David Cameron , George W Bush and even homework .
The new changes should make it easier for users to contribute to these pages , the site says .
Mr Wales said that he was pleased to see the pages opening up again .
" These have had to be semi- protected for years just because they are too tempting for naughty people to try something funny , " he said .
" But semi-protection has prevented thoughtful and sincere newcomers from making good changes . "
Pending Changes will be introduced at 11 pm GMT on 15 June .
Editing review
Any edits to articles in this category are subject to review from an established Wikipedia editor before publication , although anyone can still view changes that have been proposed .
For the duration of the two month trial , Wikipedia users will notice a small magnifying glass , in place of a padlock , on included articles .
Image caption A new tab has been introduced to reflect articles that have changes pending
In a blog post , Wikipedia said : " The icon , on the upper right corner of the article , represents an important step that Wikipedia volunteers have taken to open up articles that were previously protected from editing .
" At present , only about 0.1 % of the 3.3 million articles on the English Wikipedia are under edit protection .
" This tool should help reduce disruptive edits or errors to these pages while maintaining open , collaborative editing from anyone who wants to contribute . "
Anyone can view proposed edits by clicking on the " pending changes " tab , alongside the " edit " and " history " tabs on a Wikipedia entry .
The software that enables the new feature was originally developed for the German version of Wikipedia , where it is called " flagged revisions " .
In Germany , edits on all articles are subject to review , and it is likely that some observers will see this pilot as the first step towards such a system in English .
Mr Wales said that was " extremely unlikely " and " neither necessary nor desirable " .
" The Germans seem happy with it , but they are also going to be closely watching the English system , and I 'm sure they 'll at least consider switching if the results are good , " he said .
Michael Peel , secretary of the independent non-profit organisation Wikimedia UK , told BBC News that it had taken " a long time to find consensus " on how best to run the trial .
Mr Wales called for a similar change in 2009 , after Wikipedia articles wrongly suggested for a short time that two US senators had died .
In a blog entry , Mr Wales said the " nonsense " of the false reports would have been " 100 % prevented " by a system that involved editors and said he wanted the changes to be implemented as soon as possible .
The suggestion provoked a storm of comments on his site , with many encyclopaedia editors saying the proposal was unworkable .
Wikipedia said the decision about which articles to include in the new trial , up to an initial limit of 2,000 , will be taken by the Wikipedia community .
Brilliant and reclusive mathematician Grigory " Grisha " Perelman turned down yet another big prize for his breakthroughs .
Of course , I only know they 're breakthroughs because I read that they are .
Math is hard .
Anyway , this year , the Clay Mathematics Institute awarded Perelman its $ 1 million Millennium Prize .
His " no thanks " was n't a big surprise — in 1996 he did n't show up to accept the hugely prestigious Fields Medal from the European Congress of Mathematics .
At the time , he said , " I 'm not interested in money or fame .
I do n't want to be on display like an animal in a zoo .
I 'm not a hero of mathematics .
I 'm not even that successful ; that is why I do n't want to have everybody looking at me . "
From the AP :
The Interfax news agency quoted Perelman as saying he believed the ( Millennium ) prize was unfair .
Perelman told Interfax he considered his contribution to solving the Poincare conjecture no greater than that of Columbia University mathematician Richard Hamilton .
" To put it short , the main reason is my disagreement with the organized mathematical community , " Perelman , 43 , told Interfax .
" I do n't like their decisions , I consider them unjust . "
Russian mathematician rejects $ 1 million prize ( Thanks , Marina Gorbis ! )
Last night I was making rice and as soon as I poured water into the pot , I noticed some tiny dark beetles float to the top .
This phenomenon is n’t at all surprising , but I felt bad .
Because I now knew that I was going to wash these suckers out and flush them down the drain .
They would probably all die out once I washed the dishes and sent dish soap coursing through the pipes .
So much for generating good karma !
For North American residents , the two bugs you ’re most likely to encounter in rice are the saw - toothed grain beetle ( Oryzaephilus surinamensis , last night ’s guest ) and the rice weevil ( Sitophilus oryzae ) .
I searched for “ rice bugs ” to see how other people reacted to them , and found many American sites filled with : “ THROW IT OUT ! THROW IT OUT ! ” I hate to break it to you , but these suckers ( and their larvae ) are probably in your rice whether you see them or not .
There are a number of traditional and handy tricks that people have used to get the bugs out before cooking the rice .
My least favorite method is picking them out by hand .
Too labor intensive for me , but I ’ve seen others do it !
Spread the rice and sift through it one centimeter at a time .
A variant on this method is to sieve them out .
Pour the rice into a sieve and simply shake it around and watch the critters drop out through the bottom .
If you want something more efficient , but potentially less bug friendly , you can do what I did last night : wash them out .
They tend to float , so I ’ll simply fill the rice pot with ample quantities of water , and three or four washes was good enough for me .
There ’s yet another option , my honest favorite , but not much of an option at 9:30 at night .
You can pour the rice into a flat pan and leave it out in the sun .
The rice bugs will walk / jump / fly right out .
In most cases , the larvae ( and the bugs too small for you to see and / or those embedded in the rice grains ) will still be swimming around with the rice once you set it on the stove or in your rice cooker .
But due to the magic of heat , they will all be boiled to death and provide you with a marginal protein supplement for the day .
Of course , many Westerners ( all races included ) wo n’t notice the bugs in their rice , if they ’re there at all .
Should you encounter the problem of bugs crawling all over your rice grains , now you know what to do .
You do n’t have to throw out 2 lbs of rice and stay on the line for hours with the FDA .
Of the bug - removing methods given above , the last option is perhaps both the least lethal option and also the least labor intensive .
Naturally , throwing your rice out will probably also spare the bugs a tragic , soapy death .
One way or another , you choose your karma .
Bon appétit !
Update : Here ’s another Buddhist ’s perspective on rice bugs .
( CNN ) --
The Lebanese army fired anti-aircraft guns on Israeli warplanes Wednesday after what it said were repeated violations of Lebanese airspace , state media reported .
According to the National News Agency of Lebanon , the army opened fire after Israeli planes entered Lebanese airspace for a third time over a two - hour period in what would be a violation of U.N. Security Council Resolution 1701 .
" The Israel Defense Forces does not comment on Israeli Air Force activity or rumors regarding it , " an IDF spokeswoman said .
Airspace violations by Israel have been reported since a cease fire was established following five weeks of fighting between Israel and Hezbollah in the summer of 2006 .
The Israeli military attacked after Lebanese - based Hezbollah militants kidnapped two Israeli soldiers during a cross - border raid .
Under Resolution 1701 , Israel is not supposed to conduct military operations over or in Lebanon .
Israel has accused Hezbollah of smuggling arms into southern Lebanon , also in violation of the resolution .
By Emmanuel Muga
BBC Sport , Dar es Salaam
Brazil were watched by a half - empty stadium in Tanzania
The Tanzanian Football Federation are facing a big financial loss after a poor turnout to see Brazil beat Tanzania 5 - 1 in a friendly on Monday .
Fans were put off by record entrance fees ranging from 25 - 180 US dollars to see the world 's best team .
The Tanzanian Football Federation ( TFF ) hoped to raise about US$ 3 m and cushion an estimated US $ 2.5 m used to secure a friendly against the Brazilians .
But the 60,000 - seater stadium was only half - full for the evening game .
The match fee paid to Brazil triggered a debate in Tanzania with some people questioning the rationale behind a poor country spending massively on a single match .
This forced the government to come clean on the matter , saying it had contributed nothing to the costs .
" Inviting Brazil was the TFF 's responsibility , " the minister of sports George Mkuchika said .
" They have taken a bank loan , which they will repay through gate collections , so the government should not be accused of anything . "
Ramirez scored two of Brazil 's goals
Away from the costs , the game was excitement - filled , especially after the host team managed to grab a goal against the five - time world champions in the 5 - 1 loss .
The stadium erupted with joy after Jabir Aziz 's goal in the dying minutes of the game , while Brazil coach Carlos Dunga praised his hosts for ' a good test ' .
Robinho and Ramirez scored two goals each and Kaka was also on target as Brazil wrapped up their preparation before starting their World Cup Group G campaign against North Korea on 15 June .
" It was a good test for Brazil because Tanzania is a good team , very well organised , " Dunga said afterward .
" The idea was to play teams with high speed , physically strong , so it was good for us to play Tanzania and Zimbabwe .
" My target is the same as all Brazilian people , to win the World Cup . "
Dunga used his full - strength squad and all his players came through the match unscathed .
Good Boss , Bad Boss delves into many different hallmarks of great ( and awful ) bosses .
But when people ask me what the central idea is , I say that the good ones are self - aware and the bad ones live in a fool 's paradise ( See this recent post at HBR for more discussion of this point ) -- the good ones know what it feels like to work for them , are aware of their weaknesses , and constantly make little adjustments in response to the moods and moves of the people around them , while the bad ones are remarkably clueless ( a huge hazard of being a human - being , check the new book The Invisible Gorilla if you want evidence of how overconfident and clueless most of us are most of the time ) .
As such , I was interested to see a press release yesterday of a long - term study done a consulting firm called Green Peak Partners of 72 executives .
Here is the summary , which they call " When it Comes to Business Leadership , Nice Guys Finish First . "
I was pleased to see their findings that " bully traits " and poor interpersonal skills where hallmarks of bad leaders , given that it provides more fodder for The No Asshole Rule .
But I was even more interested to see their finding that :
Leadership searches give short shrift to " self - awareness , " which should actually be a top criterion .
A high self - awareness score was the strongest predictor of overall success .
" Executives who are aware of their weaknesses are often better able to hire subordinates who perform well in areas in which the leader lacks acumen . "
This is not the first study to make this point , but it is interesting to see how the drumbeat for self - awareness and how tough it is to achieve for any human - being , especially those in power keeps getting louder .
P.S. In the name of evidence - based management , I should point - out that the description in the press release makes it pretty hard to tell what they did in this study , as they do n't provide much information about the sample ( I think it is a non -random sample of 72 folks ) , about how they measured performance ( I could n't always tell if they were talking about executive performance or organizational performance or both ) , or the nature of the instruments they used to measure the predictors like interpersonal skills and such .
Sometimes consulting firms develop proprietary methods and wo n't tell you about it -- that is what I like about academic research , you have to show this stuff or it does not get published .
Also , never forget confirmation bias , that we all see what we want to see -- and I like the findings of this research , it supports my book , so the flaws may bother me less because it supports my perspective .
Rosamund Langston is from the Norwegian University of Science and Technology 's Kavli Institute of Systems Neuroscience and Center for the Biology of Memory , and is now at the Center for Neuroscience , Division of Medical Sciences , Ninewells Hospital and Medical School in Dundee , Scotland .
Langston 's work with baby rats shows that the brain comes hard wired with an innate sense of direction .
Credit : Kavli Institute for Systems Neuroscience and Centre for the Biology of Memory
Are we born with an innate sense of direction , or is it learned ?
Research from the Norwegian University of Science and Technology 's Kavli Institute for Systems Neuroscience suggests that the brain comes hard - wired with working navigational neurons .
While these neurons - head direction cells , place cells and grid cells - mature over time , they appear to function in rodents as soon as they make their first exploratory steps outside the nest .
Researchers Rosamund Langston and colleagues wanted to know how the brain mapped place and space when an animal navigates for the first time ever .
The research team implanted miniature sensors in rat pups before their eyes had opened ( and thus before they were mobile ) .
That enabled the researchers to record neural activity when the rat pups left the nest for the first time to explore a new environment .
The researchers were not only able to see that the rats had working navigational neurons right from the beginning , but they were also able to see the order in which the cells matured .
The first to mature were head direction cells .
These neurons are exactly what they sound like - they tell the animal which direction it is heading , and are thought to enable an internal inertia - based navigation system , like a compass .
" These cells were almost adult - like right from the beginning , " Langston says .
The next cells to mature were the place cells , which are found in the hippocampus .
These cells represent a specific place in the environment , and in addition provide contextual information — perhaps even a memory — that might be associated with the place .
Last to mature were grid cells , which provide the brain with a geometric coordinate system that enables the animal to figure out exactly where it is in space and how far it has travelled .
Grid cells essentially anchor the other cell types to the outside world so that the animal can reliably reproduce the mental map that was made last time it was there .
Baby rats open their eyes and begin exploring by about 15 days after birth .
At this point , researchers could already see head direction cells fully developed , and the rudiments of the other two cell types in place .
By the time they were 30 days old , or on the threshold of rat adolescence , virtually all of the different navigational cell types had matured .
Langston says the findings are a partial answer to the age - old question of whether or not you are born with the innate ability to find your way around .
Her answer ?
" It really seems that this is hard - wired , " she says , " You do have a basic foundation that is there as soon as you can explore - there are strong building blocks for a system that you can use to navigate .
" Langston says experience could also play a role , which makes this topic an important theme for further research .
The researchers found no difference in navigational skills between male and female rat pups , which implies that both sexes have the same building blocks with which to construct representations of space .
Perhaps the age - old question of whether males or females have a better sense of direction could be a case of how we choose to build our map , rather than the materials we start with .
The researchers have published their findings in Science today .
Explore further
Do mammals think in 3 -D ?
Provided by Norwegian University of Science and Technology
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Investors fled the U.S. stock market on Tuesday and the S&P 500 tumbled to its lowest level in eight months in a sell - off triggered by a wave of increasing alarm over the global economic outlook .
All but one stock in the S&P 500 ended lower as escalating doubts about the stability of Europe ’s banks roiled markets once again .
The S&P 500 had tumbled below its 2010 intraday low of 1,040.78 during the session , which analysts said could ignite further declines .
The index closed at its lowest level since October 30 , breaking its closing low for the year at 1,050.47 -- another bearish signal for markets .
“ Everybody is talking about 1,040 , that it is the do - all , end - all , blow it up , end of the world , blood on the streets level .
The market crashes , the S&P goes to 900 , ” said Marc Pado , U.S. market strategist at Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. in San Francisco .
Economically sensitive sectors such as materials , industrials and financials were among the hardest hit .
Boeing Co BA.N slid 6.3 percent to $ 63.04 and Caterpillar Inc CAT.N shed 5.5 percent to $ 60.85 .
Diversified manufacturer 3M Co MMM.N , which raised its second - quarter sales outlook last night , was not immune to the selling pressure , slipping 0.6 percent to $ 78.49 .
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI lost 268.22 points , or 2.65 percent , to 9,870.30 .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX fell 33.33 points , or 3.10 percent , to 1,041.24 .
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC dropped 85.47 points , or 3.85 percent , to 2,135.18 .
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange June 29 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Brendan McDermid
Fears about the strength of the banking system surfaced again , with investors worried about a potential liquidity shortfall of more than 100 billion euros in the financial system as European banks repay 442 billion euros ( $ 545.5 billion ) in emergency loans on Thursday .
The KBW Bank index .
BKX fell 4.4 percent and broke its 200 - day moving average today at 48.00 , which it had made a stand at last Thursday and Friday .
“ The break of the 200 - day moving average fueled more selling .
Technically , this is another sign of weakness in the financials , ” said Elliot Spar , option market strategist at Stifel Nicolaus in Shrewsbury , New Jersey .
FEAR ’S GRIP ON WALL ST
The CBOE volatility index .VIX , known as Wall Street 's fear gauge , surged 22 percent to a session high of 35.39 , its highest level since early June , in a sign more volatility could be in the offing .
Earlier in the day , the Conference Board corrected its leading economic index for China to an April gain of 0.3 percent from a previously reported rise of 1.7 percent , a sharp revision that undermined confidence in China ’s ability to sustain strong growth .
The correction prompted investors to turn against riskier assets , adding to a global sell - off .
The Shanghai Composite Index fell 4.3 percent to end at a 14 - month low .
U.S. consumer confidence dropped sharply in June , after rising for three months , on worries about the labor market , according to a report from the Conference Board .
The news heightened fears of an economic slowdown after a recent spate of weak data from the housing and job markets .
“ The day started with overseas -- China -- that was bad , ” said Joe Saluzzi , co-manager of trading at Themis Trading in Chatham , New Jersey .
“ Then it got banged out with the consumer confidence and it all just kind of went from there . ”
GENERAL MILLS FALLS , BUT TESLA JUMPS
After the closing bell , General Mills Inc GIS.N dropped 4.5 percent to $ 35.25 after the maker of Cheerios cereal and Haagen - Dazs forecast fiscal 2011 earnings below Wall Street 's expectations .
This marked an extension of General Mills ' decline in regular trading , when it fell 1.3 percent to $ 36.90 .
During the regular session , one stock went against the grain : Electric carmaker Tesla Motor Corp TSLA .
O skyrocketed in its first day of trading -- jumping 40.5 percent to close at $ 23.89 -- up $ 6.89 from its initial public offering price of $ 17 .
The IPO was priced on Monday night .
About 11.38 billion shares traded on the New York Stock Exchange , the American Stock Exchange and Nasdaq , above last year ’s estimated daily average of 9.65 billion .
Declining stocks outnumbered advancing ones on the New York Stock Exchange by 2,831 to 259 , while on the Nasdaq , there were 2,393 declining stocks and only 279 advancers .
Image caption Earth could be 70 million years younger than previously thought
A new geological study has set a more accurate age for planet Earth , according to scientists .
Researchers say their investigation shows the Earth is 70 million years younger than the 4.537 billion - year - old planet " we had previously imagined " .
To confirm Earth 's age , the team compared elements in its mantle to those in meteorites that are the same age as the Solar System .
The group reports its findings in the journal Nature Geosciences .
The crux of its conclusion was that the formation of the planet took much longer than previously thought .
The scientists studied this timescale by looking at how long Earth took to " accrete " , or grow , as smaller " planetary embryos " smashed together to form it .
" The collisions caused part of the planet to melt , and allow metal to segregate to the centre of the Earth to form the core , " explained Dr John Rudge , from Cambridge University , UK , who led the research .
" So [ during this process ] , the planet differentiated into its molten metal core and outer - lying mantle . "
The longer this process took , the later the Earth was " born " in its current size and geological form .
Planetary clock
To shed light on this , the scientists looked at two " isotopes " - chemical elements in the Earth 's mantle called 182 - hafnium and 182 - tungsten .
Over a set period of several million years , hafnium decays to become tungsten .
And tungsten " loves " metal , so while the planet 's core was still forming , it became incorporated into that .
This left a " signature " in the mantle that revealed how long the Earth took to differentiate .
By comparing the amount of 182 - tungsten in the mantle to the amount found in meteorites , the researchers could work out how long it took for Earth to fully differentiate into mantle and core .
The team compared the results from this technique with a similar method using two different isotopes .
And instead of assuming that one method was more accurate than the other , and that the Earth formed at a steady rate , they modelled all of the different ways that the process could have happened .
Dr Rudge explained that , for these two methods to agree , the formation of the Earth would have had to have been " rapid early on , then there was some hiatus and more gradual accretion " .
This meant , he said , that instead of Earth forming over 30 million years , it took closer to 100 million years .
He explained that the end of the " hiatus " could have been the giant impact that is believed to have formed the Moon .
" If correct , that would mean the Earth was about 100 million years in the making altogether , " Dr. Rudge said .
" We estimate that makes it about 4.467 billion years old - a mere youngster compared with the 4.537 billion - year - old planet we had previously imagined . "
An entertaining game that finished with a fair result , a point apiece .
Both sides will be relatively disappointed to come away from the opening game with just a draw , and the match demonstrated the faults of both sides more than it did their qualities .
Team selection
South Africa lined up similar to expected , with a narrowish 4 - 2 - 3 - 1 shape .
Steven Pienaar was fielded in a central role with Teko Modise on the right .
Lucas Thwala was preferred to Tsepo Masilela at left - back , and Kagisho Dikgacoi got the nod ahead of Thanduyise Khuboni in the centre of midfield .
Mexico were exactly as predicted , in their flexible 3 - 4 - 3 shape that saw Rafael Marquez playing ahead of the other two centre - backs , who moved into wide positions when Mexico had the ball .
The two wing - backs took up advanced positions , and Giovani dos Santos drifted in from the wing .
Differences in style
The game was interesting because it featured two completely different styles of football .
Mexico ’s shape was fluid and they looked to retain possession of the ball in midfield , whilst South Africa ’s were much more rigid defensively and looked to play quick , direct balls to the lone striker Katlego Mphela , who worked the channels well and clearly had the beating of the Mexico defence for pace .
Mexico were constantly threatening down the right - hand side , where Paul Aguilar was finding space between Siphiwe Tshabalala and Thwala on the touchline .
The problem was that Tshabalala was n’t sure who he was supposed to be picking up .
As discussed here ( see the first photo under ‘ the basic formation ’ ) the centre - backs spreading wide in possession means that they have three players on either flank ( centre - back , wing - back , winger ) and against most formations ( in this case , a 4 - 2 - 3 - 1 ) , that means a 3 v 2 on the wings .
Tshabalala sometimes looked to close down Ricardo Osorio when in possession , but with Thwala concerned about Giovani dos Santos , who was playing more centrally than Carlos Vela on the opposite side , Aguilar got a lot of time on the ball and Mexico looked for a pass to him on numerous occasions .
Gaxa threatens
South Africa ’s direct route of attack did n’t work particularly well in the first half .
They often spent a long time trying to get possession from Mexico , and then immediately hit a long , ambitious ball for Mphela to chase – when that did n’t work , they were under pressure straight away .
Their best moments were when they countered in numbers – not necessarily when they were pegged back inside their own third of the pitch , but when they won the ball in midfield and looked to exploit the fact Mexico often only had two defenders in position , with Marquez moving into midfield .
On two occasions , quick passing almost resulted in a ball to Siboniso Gaxa , the powerful full - back who loves to bomb forward .
Mexico ’s system , with three forwards , is set out to try and prevent opposition full - backs getting forward , and Carlos Vela was slow to respond when Gaxa got into dangerous positions , almost as if taken by surprise that South Africa were willing to gamble by pushing their full - backs forward .
South Africa looked to press Mexico ’s backline when the ball was with the goalkeeper , forcing him to play it out to the midfield , but then dropped to the halfway line in open play , happy for Mexico to dominate possession .
Guillermo Franco had a mixed first half .
His movement throughout the game was excellent , often dropping deep to draw a defender out of position and creating space for the lively dos Santos to exploit , but Franco wasted three good chances , two with his head from set - pieces .
Second half
South Africa made a change at half - time , bringing on Masilela for Thwala in a straight swap at left - back , and Masilela provided more attacking threat in the first ten minutes of the second half than Thwala had in the whole first half .
South Africa began playing a more cultured game with a bigger focus on ball retention , and the technical skills of Pienaar , Modise and Letsholonyane were much more evident .
The goal came from a quick break , but one involving good interplay between players , rather than a straight , direct ball as they had looked to play throughout the first half .
Marquez came forward into midfield but his ball to dos Santos was intercepted , and suddenly Mexico were left with just two players in defence .
Tshabalala got a head start on Osorio , who was forced to turn before sprinting towards the ball , and hammered it into the far corner to give South Africa a slightly undeserved lead .
It was a type of goal that Mexico were always prone to with Marquez stepping forward , and an example of why fielding a forward - playing sweeper can be dangerous .
Mexico switches
Javier Aguirre changed things straight away , bringing Aguliar off and inserting Andres Guardado , a versatile , creative attacking midfielder .
Efrain Juarez moved to right - back , his customary position , and Mexico maintained a relatively similar shape , albeit with Guardado playing high up the pitch , and Torrado playing a deeper role .
Later , Vela and Franco were withdrawn , with veteran Cuauhtemoc Blanco and youngster Javier Hernandez both coming on , and Mexico ended up playing something like a 3 - 3 - 2 - 2 system – the three centre - backs with Marquez stepping up , Torrado playing inbetween two wing - backs , then Guardado , dos Santos , Blanco and Hernandez all playing around each other in fairly central positions .
The lack of width high up the pitch meant Mexico were fairly quiet when chasing a goal , and asking Blanco to move into wide roles did n’t work as he looked completely lacking in any pace / fitness .
Mexico continued to have more possession but rarely looked like creating an opportunity .
Awful marking from South Africa
The goal came from Marquez , who was one of multiple men left unmarked after a short corner .
South Africa defended set - pieces awfully all day – Franco missed two opportunities when unmarked in the first half , and Vela had a goal disallowed when Itumeleng Khune , the South African goalkeeper , managed to play him offside after a mad dash out of goal from a corner .
Frankly , they deserved to lose a goal from this route and Marquez was one of three free players along the edge of the six - yard box .
South Africa suddenly looked nervous and sat back with little ambition , but they almost won it late on .
Mphela ’s pace again got him clear of the Mexico defence , but could only sidefoot against the outside of the post when through on goal .
Conclusion
Oscar Tabarez and Raymond Domenech will be delighted .
Both sides look easy to score against , and lacking a poacher upfront .
Mexico can be opened up easily by exploiting space left by Marquez , and their high line does n’t suit their centre - backs , all in their thirties and lacking in pace .
They may dominate possession and the movement of dos Santos is a real threat , but Franco ’s performance in front of goal was far from convincing and there is relatively little goalscoring threat from midfield .
South Africa are well - organised in open play and keep it tight between the lines , but they are awful at defending set - pieces .
Playing a deep defensive line against them might negate their ability to play direct balls in behind the defenders .
The technical quality of Modise is a real threat and Gaxa ’s storming runs have to be watched , but whilst South Africa ’s performance was not bad , it ’s hard to imagine that any other side will play into their hands as much as Mexico did today .
A good game to start the tournament , but both sides will need to improve to progress .
Related articles on Zonal Marking :
The streets of Boston are n’t known for their safety .
People disappear every day .
Despite all of that , were you to walk up to the average Bostonian and tell them vampires walked the streets , or about Red Hook Lane , or about any number of other strange occurrences , they would call you crazy .
What if I were to tell you that you were n’t crazy ?
That vampires do walk the streets , and there is a lane haunted by the ghost of a former privateer ?
Well , that ’s the truth .
There ’s another side to Boston that most do n’t see , the supernatural side .
Inside , we follow the exploits of a number of members of the supernatural community , some knowingly , some not so much .
We ’ll be following Aya , a scion of the White Court of vampires , though they ’d prefer not to admit it , Dr. Grant Sawyer , a professor at M.I.T. looking to determine the laws of magic , Eoghan O’Reilly , who does n’t know why these strange events keep occurring , Gale McCullen , a detective who ’s fate is sealed , and that really pisses him off , Jenny Agis , who ’s just trying to be a lawyer while the world seems insistent on making life more difficult and Richard Codak , a sorcerer who uses algorithms to work his magic .
Sony has announced it will release a firmware update for its PlayStation 3 in September that will allow users to watch 3D Blu-ray films on the console .
Pocket - Lint reports that the 3D Blu-ray update will also provide support for 3D photos .
The update follows the release of a 3D gaming firmware update for the console .
In a presentation at an exclusive London event , Sony 's Mick Hocking explained that once the company had added 3D gaming support to the platform , it made sense to bring 3D films and photos to the 36 million PS3 owners worldwide .
" In September this year , we 're launching another firmware upgrade - and this one is going to upgrade the PS3 to support Blu-ray movies in 3D , " Hocking said .
" For the film market that 's a very significant event . "
Hocking said that once updated , users will be able to play the 3D versions of films contained on 3D Blu-ray discs simply by connecting their consoles to a 3D - enabled TV using an HDMI cable .
Following its 3D gaming firmware update in June , Sony launched the several 3D games titles which are available to download from its PlayStation Network ( PSN ) online store , including Wipeout , Motorstorm , Super Stardust and PAIN .
Firefox is fast , no doubt about it .
But for many people it feels pretty slow when starting up .
Chrome , while only marginally faster than Firefox at starting , feels much faster .
By analyzing videos of these start - up processes we can start to understand what makes Firefox feel slow .
First , last start with some definitions of browser start - up events .
Before Spinner : the time from when the user clicks the application icon to when the spinner starts running .
the time from when the user clicks the application icon to when the spinner starts running .
Spinner Running : the time while the spinner is actually running ( may appear and disappear ) .
the time while the spinner is actually running ( may appear and disappear ) .
Before Window Draw : the time from when the spinner stops running until the window begins drawing .
the time from when the spinner stops running until the window begins drawing .
Window Drawing : the time from when the window starts drawing until the title bar comes into view .
the time from when the window starts drawing until the title bar comes into view .
Drawing Title Bar : the time it takes the title bar to come into view .
the time it takes the title bar to come into view .
Window Done Drawing : the time it takes for the window to draw after the title bar is seen .
the time it takes for the window to draw after the title bar is seen .
Drawing Chrome : the time it takes for the browser chrome to be drawn .
the time it takes for the browser chrome to be drawn .
Website Drawn : the time it takes for the entire website to be drawn ( different websites used ) .
the time it takes for the entire website to be drawn ( different websites used ) .
Close Window : the time it takes from when a users presses the close button on the browser until when the browser is no longer shown .
the time it takes from when a users presses the close button on the browser until when the browser is no longer shown .
Active Icon Disappears : the time it takes from when the browser is no longer shown until the application is no longer running .
the time it takes from when the browser is no longer shown until the application is no longer running .
“ Fresh ” : brand new profile ; standard set of plugins enabled : Acrobat , Google Update , Java Deployment Toolkit , Java ( TM ) platofmr SE 6 U20 , Microsoft Office 2010 , Shockwave Flash , Silverlight , WPI Detector 1.1
brand new profile ; standard set of plugins enabled : Acrobat , Google Update , Java Deployment Toolkit , Java ( TM ) platofmr SE 6 U20 , Microsoft Office 2010 , Shockwave Flash , Silverlight , WPI Detector 1.1 “ Full ” : fresh profile ( only the history data used to create the 50 bookmarks below ) ; standard set of plugins ; 50 bookmarks ( the 50 top alexa global sites ) ; 5 tabs in the session ( google , facebook , youtube , wikipedia , live.com ) ; 2 common add - ons installed ( ietab and adblock plus )
Videos
My colleague Alex Faaborg shot the following videos with an SLR at 60 fps .
Furthermore he created a very small application that would show time flying by in milliseconds .
He then loaded up each browser , with different configurations , three times each .
Firefox Fresh ( no plugins ) : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HtC7XVdq8Ko
Firefox vs Chrome ( Fresh ) : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S3oLFHkeCco
Firefox vs Chrome ( Full ) : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t7uAFp4gRq4
General Observations
Spinner Count : Upon starting Firefox , the spinner graphic is shown ( and disappears ) a total of three times , meanwhile in Chrome the graphic is only shown twice .
Window Drawing : In Firefox , the window is drawn ( animated to size ) , then the browser chrome is drawn , then the website is drawn .
In Chrome , the window and browser chrome is drawn all at once and then the web - site is drawn .
This helps Chrome to feel faster because there is less visually going on at different times .
Firefox feels very sequential in it ’s loading , while Chrome seems to do everything at once .
This allows Chrome to feel fast because once the window is animated the size , everything is pretty much ready to go .
This is especially true if google.com is set as your homepage on Chrome .
Webpage Drawing :
In Chrome the webpage loading icon is fairly small and is never ‘ fully ’ seen .
While in Firefox the loading icon is large , grey , and can always be seen in it ’s entirety .
This is visually ‘ bloated ’ and makes Firefox seems slower .
Furthermore , because Chrome ’s loading icon animation goes ‘ around ’ faster , Firefox ’s loading icon takes more time ( seemingly ) to get ‘ around ’ .
Page Title :
In Firefox , a page ’s title is shown on the tab right away , while in Chrome the title is not shown un- til the website has completed loading .
This is a simple trick that allows Chrome to feel faster in that once the title is shown , the page is ready .
While in Firefox , a page ’s title makes it seem like a page has loaded but
in fact the page is n’t ready to be interacted with quite yet and the user has to ‘ wait longer ’ .
Graphs
The following graphs show the average time , in milliseconds , each event takes to ‘ complete ’ .
Explanation of Deltas
In the Firefox vs Chrome Fresh Installs graph , Firefox was loaded up with the default minefield page .
This page is significantly heavier ( both in text and images ) than the Chrome Fresh Installs default page ( google.com ) .
It should also be noted that Chrome draws the window and browser chrome at the same time .
In the Firefox vs Chrome Full graph , Firefox was loaded with at least four tabs while Chrome was only loaded with one tab ( google.com ) .
This has a significant affect on the Window Drawing time and the Close Window time ( diaglog box that informs of closing multiple tabs opens and needs to be closed first ) .
Recommend Actions
With just a few changes in the Firefox start - up process , we could greatly enhance the feeling of Firefox ’s speed .
The changes listed below are recommendations to help better the overall Firefox experience .
Draw the OS spinner icon as little as possible , but one solid break is n’t bad and might be better than one really long spinner .
Draw the browser chrome while the window is being animated ( drawn ) to size .
So that most of the drawing happens simultaneously rather than sequentially .
Make a new ‘ website loading ’ icon with less visual weight that animates faster but is slightly larger ( would allow a user to ‘ see ’ the faster animation ) .
‘ Lazy ’ load tabs that are being restored ( already being talked about ) .
Load upgrades and add - on updates upon browser close , not browser start .
Delay loading the website ’s title until the website is ready for interaction .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
A new concept introduced by Yanko Designs could put an end to dead batteries on photography excursions .
The Solar Camera Strap is a sturdy strap to secure the camera and to power it via thin solar panels across the width of the strap .
Most digital SLR cameras are powered by lithium - ion batteries that must be plugged into an electrical outlet when they need to be recharged .
If the photographer has no spare , a dead battery means the end of the photo shoot .
The Solar Camera Strap concept was the brainchild of designer Weng Jie , and consists of a row of tiny flexible solar panels on the strap that enables the camera batteries to be recharging whenever the photographer is shooting in daylight .
A storage battery is built into each end of the strap .
It is not clear if the solar strap will also be able to charge the battery inside the camera , and it seems likely cameras would need some modification to allow them to be powered by the solar camera strap itself .
Similar devices have been considered in the past , but for more power - hungry devices such as smartphones .
A solar camera strap may be more successful since the power requirements for modern cameras are very low .
The strap is only at the concept stage and is not yet available and there is no word on when or if it will ever be commercialized .
Yanko Design is a website focusing on introducing modern designs in a wide range of fields , including interior design , architecture , fashion , and industrial design .
Other designs by Weng Jie include “ Cornification , ” a pillow made of Velcro sweetcorn kernels .
Explore further Battery Wrapped in Solar Cells Recharges in the Sun
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
10 Pages Posted : 28 Feb 2010 Last revised : 21 Apr 2010
Abstract
This extended policy / political essay argues that targeted killing , by means of unmanned aerial vehicles such as Predator " drones " and including targeted killing as carried out by the CIA , is both a good policy in combating transnational terrorism and a lawful means of self - defense under international law .
Lengthy ( for a political magazine , at 8,000 words , but easier to read in this pdf format ) and unabashedly polemical , the essay urges the Obama administration 's lawyers to step up publicly and articulate their views of the legality of targeted killing , and further argues that they need to do so as a matter , not of a narrow concept of targeting combatants in and armed conflict , but as a more general and flexible exercise in the international law of self - defense .
The Obama administration 's expansion of the targeted killing program is defended , but the failure of the administration 's lawyers to offer a public defense of it and articulate its legal grounds , even as the President , Vice - President , and other senior officials both expand the program and take credit for it , is questioned and criticized .
The essay suggests that a general campaign within the international " soft law " community is gradually gathering momentum to undermine the legal legitimacy of targeted killing , particularly by covert services of the civilian CIA , and that the administration needs to defend traditional American legal views governing these policies .
Nanjing , present day , springtime .
Luo Haitao has been hired by Wang Ping 's wife to spy on the passionate relationship between her husband and another man .
However , Luo slowly loses control of the situation , as he becomes drawn into the love affair with his own girlfriend , Li Jing .
The members of this love triangle are soon overcome by the fever of drunken spring nights and an exhilarating madness of the senses .
Their affair becomes a dangerous malady that leads both heart and head astray .
Best Screenplay winner at the Cannes Film Festival .
To promote safety town of Black Hawk Colorado has banned bikes from local streets .
Police started ticketing all the bicyclists riding through town as of January 2010 .
Incidentally Mayor David Spellman a “ brain ” behind the ban , was convicted of felony assault after he pistol whipped his wife in 2006 .
So these are the people that write the laws ….hmm .
Are we to assume that he is going to ban cars , motorcycles and public transportation too to promote safety ?
News is limited at this point , I 'll try to keep on top of things --
BBC article ( being updated in an ongoing manner )
http://news.bbc.co.uk/...
Mondoweiss -- Just useful .
http://mondoweiss.net/
From the Flotilla --
http://twitter.com/...
News and opinion --
http://twitter.com/...
Watch Al Jazeera streaming live -- http://www.livestation.com/...
Official twitter of the folks who organized the Flotilla --
http://twitter.com/...
Update 3:19 am :
Vittorio Arrigoni from # Gaza just saw 6 # Israeli gunships on the horizon , # RachelCorrie
http://twitter.com/...
Update 2:25 am :
Engine expert .
" They may be apprehensive to use helicopters this time .
If you want to drag the Rachel , you must first break his engine . " 2 minutes ago via web
http://twitter.com/...
Update 2:11 am :
According to the IOF , the boat was stopped in international waters six minutes ago and that it is legal .
# Flotilla
http://twitter.com/...
Update 1:44am :
# From the BBC : IOF issued initial request to ship to identify .
No warning to the ship .
Not boarding ship yet .
No contact for hour and a half .
less than a minute ago via web
http://twitter.com/...
Update 1:36 am :
There really has n't been much solid for a while , here 's a recent - ish piece of news which confirms that the IDF had already fired upon the Mavi Marmara well before that video that the IDF released cuts in showing the mean ol ' boatpeople attacking the lamb - innocent highly - trained heavily - armed commandos -- http://www.hybridstates.com/...
Not that it makes any difference to reasonable folks who realize it frankly does n't matter who did what first when Israel was illegally boarding a flagged vessel in international waters to prevent a humanitarian aid mission from benefiting a group of people who they were actively oppressing in the first place , but still , it outright dismisses one of the main silly talking points against the Flotilla .
Update 1:25 am :
Al Jazeera reports that the Navy is insisting they go to Ashdod .
Passengers say ' no ' .
Navy says they will drag boat to Ashdod .
Not possible less than 20 seconds ago via web
http://twitter.com/...
Update at 1:12 am again courtesy of wwjd :
Greta Berlin from free gaza said that they have not been in touch with the ship in 30 + mins .
They had a dedicated satellite phone line on board the ship that had a frequency the Israelis did n't know about , but since they can't get through now , she believes they 've found it and ended it .
So , she does n't know what 's going on with the ship now . :(
by wwjjd on Fri Jun 04 , 2010 at 10:06:34 PM PDT
Update 1:02 am :
Haaretz says Rachel Corrie ship closing in on Gaza shore .
Posted this information to their page 20 minutes ago .
# Flotilla 5 minutes ago via web
http://twitter.com/...
Update 12:48 :
We have been trying every two minutes to contact passengers .
No answer .
# Flotilla 3 minutes ago via web
http://twitter.com/...
Update 12:38 :
UNCONFIRMED *** REPORTS THAT #RACHELCORRIE CAN BE SEEN FROM #GAZA SHORES **** UNCONFIRMED ...#FLOTILLA #PALESTINE 11 minutes ago via web
http://twitter.com/...
Update 12:31 am EST :
Mary Hughes Thompson from Free Gaza Movement was just on the phone with the BBC and she said that she just spoke with the people on the Rachel Corrie .
They are about 20 miles from Gaza .
They did n't go past Israel this time , they went up the coast of Egypt .
She said when they go down along the coast past Lebanon and Israel , they are usually intercepted .
She believes going up the coast of Egypt was a strategic decison made by the captain because the Israeli ships would have been waiting for them at one location and they , instead , went in another direction .
She said the maneuver is allowing them , at this point , to proceed unimpeded towards Gaza .
She too reiterated that they will not resist if they are boarded .
by wwjjd on Fri Jun 04 , 2010 at 09:26:39 PM PDT
Update 12:15 :
# Trying to contact passengers on dedicated phone .
No answer from them .
# Flotilla 2 minutes ago via web
http://twitter.com/...
BBC article is being continuously updated
http://news.bbc.co.uk/...
Update 11:58 , more conflicting info :
# SKY NEWS reports they talked to passengers just now .
They have NOT been boarded and are on their way to Gaza .
# Flotilla less than a minute ago via web
http://twitter.com/...
# No contact with the Israeli navy who has not contacted them at all .
Ship proceeding toward Gaza .
# Flotilla 3 minutes ago via web
http://twitter.com/...
BBC News has it .
Israeli troops ' intercept ' Rachel Corrie Gaza aid ship .
It is unclear whether there was any violence .
The activists on board the Rachel Corrie had said they would not resist .
My comments may not be used for any purpose without explicit permission .
by cai on Fri Jun 04 , 2010 at 08:55:24 PM
PDT
With apologies to cai for using that comment without explicit permission .
Update 11:52 :
# Report from Malaysians : Rachel is not turning around until they get to destination .
Two warships from the back .
Will continue .
# Flotilla 3 minutes ago via web
http://twitter.com/...
# On the phone with passengers .
25 miles from Gaza .
They have NOT been boarded but are followed by two war ships .
# Flotilla 5 minutes ago via web
http://twitter.com/...
and :
Aljazeera just reported that they have not ( 0+ / 0 - ) been boarded either .
by wwjjd on Fri Jun 04 , 2010 at 08:40:20 PM PDT
Update again , 11:46 :
Unconfirmed report from Malaysia states the Rachel Corrie has been taken by the Israeli navy .
They have boarded the ship .
# Flotilla 5 minutes ago via web
Update : 11:22 Press Release from FreeGaza.org in charge of the Flotilla
# Confusing information coming from ship .
Please bear with us as we do our best to get accurate information .
# Flotilla
# Report from the ship 's passengers .
They have NOT been boarded .
Followed by Israeli warships only .
# Flotilla
# No struggle or injuries , but the Rachel Corrie has been captured .
Communications jammed .
Report from Irish radio .
# Flotilla
# Reports from Malaysians that the Rachel Corrie has been taken by the Israeli navy who has boarded the ship .
# Flotilla
# Unconfirmed reports from Israeli radio say troops have boarded Rachel Corrie .
# Flotilla
# Israeli Radio reporting that all satellite signals have been jammed by Israeli authorities .
# Flotilla
I 'm not sure how to rearrange this diary so it 's not just copying and pasting a twitter feed .
Again , news seems very limited at this moment , because that 's the way the IDF wants it .
Another source :
http://twitter.com/...
# To all our followers , THANK YOU for supporting the # RachelCorrie ....# gaza # flotilla 3 minutes ago via web
# Official*** # RachelCorrie to be taken to Ashdod Israel *** Official all on board arrested ... # Gaza # Flotilla 5 minutes ago via web
# @ipsc48 freegazaorg via twitter 9 minutes ago via web in reply to ipsc48 # OFFICIAL **** THERE ARE NO INJURIES REPORTED **** OFFICIAL #RACHELCORRIE
#GAZA #FLOTILLA
9 minutes ago via web
Good news seems to be no casualties -- how wonderful that Israel is so magnanimous as to hijack a ship full of aid without killing anyone :}
Thanks , Israel :]
Press Release from FreeGaza.org
http://www.freegaza.org/...
The wheat story has a sad ending .
It ’s all gone .
Every single bit of it .
I checked on it last week and found the back half decimated .
Squirrels and birds , no doubt .
I ’d seen them nibbling on the perimeter , but I never expected they were busy destroying what I could n’t see .
This is what I saw when I walked out there .
The entire back half was gone .
The worst part was there was nothing I could do .
I was days away from going on vacation and did n’t have the tools , supplies , or time to construct a netting box .
Also , the wheat was too green to harvest .
It was close , but not close enough to harvest .
This is what was left when I came home from vacation .
I hope you enjoyed that wheat , you darn squirrels .
Lesson learned : put your wheat into a netting box if it ’s small enough .
If it ’s not , well , got any suggestions ?
Submitted by Michael Krieger of KAM LP
A Major Inflection Point is Upon Us
Great things are done when men and mountains meet .
This is not done by jostling in the street .
Always be ready to speak your mind , and a base man will avoid you .
As a man is , so he sees .
As the eye is formed , such are its powers .
Excessive sorrow laughs .
Excessive joy weeps .
I must create a system or be enslaved by another mans .
I will not reason and compare : my business is to create .
If the doors of perception were cleansed everything would appear to man as it is , infinite .
The weak in courage is strong in cunning .
What is grand is necessarily obscure to weak men .
That which can be made explicit to the idiot is not worth my care .
You never know what is enough unless you know what is more than enough .
- All Quotes by William Blake
A Major Inflection Point is Upon Us
I have not commented on the financial markets in a detailed way for quite some time now .
This is not because I do not have strong opinions on them , rather it is because I see the current ongoing crisis as just as much a political and social crisis as an economic one and so I am compelled to address those concerns as I think it is in that arena that the greatest dangers exist .
Additionally , the major macro investment themes that I outlined well over a year ago remain the same .
Namely I think long investments in the United States stock market should be focused on precious metals miners , oil related energy shares and the agriculture theme .
Anything related to the ponzi economy like financials , real estate ( commercial and residential ) and traditional retail with little international presence should be avoided .
The final reason why I have not been more market focused is that with liquidity so bad and countless players seemingly exiting positions and taking risk down , sometimes I wonder who is really driving these markets .
Are the moves expressions of investors and their views on the future or is most of the trading actually related to sovereign interests engaged in financial warfare ?
If it is indeed the later influence that is most profound then you can forget any possibility of rational moves on a day to day or even week to week basis .
Nevertheless , the market always wins in the end and this happens at major inflection points .
I think we are at one of those moments right now .
When Oil Breaches $ 80 / b Watch Out
I have mentioned time and time again that the broad stock market has never been able to rally sustainably once oil moves above $ 80 / b .
We first saw this back in 2007 when the market top occurred just as oil was about to embark on its surge through the $ 80 / b level on its way to $ 150 / b.
Oil has since topped $ 80 / b on several occasions , in October 2009 , January 2010 , and then the March / April 2010 period .
In every case the oil price correlated very positively to the market and in my view was a key factor preventing further gains .
Well here we are again with the S&P500 on a nice bounce to the 50 dma and oil at $ 79 / b .
If what we have seen in the past occurs once again the market is about to run out of steam .
So the question everyone needs to ask themselves is what are the likely scenarios from here .
There are two in my view .
The first one would play out as many of the previous ones have .
Namely , oil and the stock market pull back meaningfully as the “ risk on ” trade evaporates .
This is what I think most people anticipate .
The other likely outcome would be the decoupling trade we saw between fall 2007 and mid-2008 where the dollar lost serious purchasing power and commodities and ROW stocks surged in value relative to all other asset classes .
Is a Decoupling Trade on the Horizon ?
I think there is a much greater probability of the second scenario playing out than many anticipate and here is why .
First , very few are set up for such a trade .
It first started almost three years ago now and as we all remember it ended in tears for those that had it on with leverage and could n’t get out .
Investors are now sufficiently conditioned to the idea that oil and the S&P500 are both part of a “ risk on ” or “ risk off ” trade .
This is likely what the computers are trading on and so it would actually be a huge surprise if that correlation was to break down .
That said , just because it would be a surprise to see oil rise and the market decline concurrently is n’t a reason for it to happen .
I think one of the reasons relates to the dollar .
The U.S. dollar should have completely collapsed versus many of the better managed and fundamentally sound currencies in the last year or so .
By these I refer to the Australian dollar , the Chinese yuan ( and most emerging Asia currencies ) , the Swiss Franc and the Brazilian real .
While the dollar has certainly lost a lot of value to many of these currencies in the past year or so it would have been considerably worse if not for active intervention by central banks in other countries .
Effectively , when the crisis hit the U.S. still had a lot of credibility and so the leaders of all nations decided to support the U.S. and its currency in an attempt to get things “ back to normal . ”
This is why I have mentioned repeatedly that the dollar index is so useless as an indicator ( also because the main components are the euro and yen and I do not believe these to be sound currencies either ) .
There is investing in the dollar versus the euro or versus the yen .
I think all three will end up in the currency graveyard .
The U.S. has Lost All Credibility
The United States political and monetary authorities have lost ALL credibility in the eyes of the world ever since the crisis hit and for very good reason .
The main reason we are still held on life support is so that China can go out and buy up all of the world ’s resources while the dollar still has value ( and they allow us to bury ourselves ) and we have a strong military .
We can see the loss of credibility in the fact that we went to the G20 talking about more stimulus and were rebuffed .
So when the crisis first hit all other nations defended our system and currency but now I think all nations are going to focus on what is best for them and believe me it will NOT be what is best for us .
China has already slowed itself down materially to deal with its irresponsible housing bubble but based on comments recently from authorities it is clear that they are committed to stimulating domestic consumption .
Furthermore , while the yuan has only strengthened slightly since they changed policy let ’s not forget that it HAS strengthened .
While they are proceeding cautiously , this was a change of policy .
So to summarize I see a world emerging over the next few months where other nations publicly talk a nice game about the U.S. and its importance but in reality talks will go on behind our back as to how to gracefully cut the cord .
Any cutting of the cord would reflect itself in a decoupling trade in my view .
Unfortunately , politicians in the U.S. will never admit that they are the reason we are in this mess so they will likely start a war or create some other event ( cyber attack to shutdown the internet ? ) .
This is precisely why I call on all Americans right now to refuse to get involved in a war .
This would be a war to defend our empire plain and simple .
We do not need an empire .
China needs an empire to feed itself and to provide energy .
We are the most blessed large nation on earth as far as land , agriculture and water resources .
Plus we have a brilliant social document called the Constitution that the vast majority of Americans would die to defend if necessary against whoever would threaten it .
Let ’s just get our acts together here and not fall for the trap that I see being set .
Also , remember that if the authorities are about to lose control of the precious metals and oil market the best thing for them to do would be to start a conflict so the rise can be blamed on that .
If you have n’t learned that Washington D.C is not to be trusted by now I do not know what it will take .
Mike
For the first time on the web ( and in English ! ) , in this exclusive interview with SimpliFlying , we hear directly from the horse ’s mouth .
Aurelie Valtat was the person leading Eurocontrol ’s much talked - about ashcloud response , and personally helped out thousands of stranded passengers using social media .
On April 14 , 2010 , the eruption of the Icelandic volcano [ i still ca n’t pronounce the name ! ] resulted in chaos — more than 100,000 flight cancellations between April 15 and 21 — affecting millions of travelers , and the fallout cost the airline industry $ 1.7 billion .
The silver lining was social media – and how airlines and authorities reached out to stranded passengers to help them out .
And Eurocontrol led from the front .
Eurocontrol ’s efforts were much admired on this blog , and on other leading websites like Mashable .
In my conversation with Aurelie , she spoke at length about how she handled the tasks , challenges encountered and lessons learnt .
Below is a summary of the exclusive video interview ( Click here if you ’re unable to watch the video interview )
What Eurocontrol does ?
( 0:31 )
An overview of how the events unfolded after the eruption ( 1:02 )
Why the public was being informed by Eurocontrol ?
( 1:55 )
Why Eurocontrol set up their social media assets in the first place ?
( 2:40 )
How the concerns of aviation professionals as well as passengers were handled through multiple channels ( 3:10 )
How Aurelie handled all requests and processes herself ? ( 3.55 )
How were decisions on content on social media taken ? ( 4:40 )
What were some of the challenges encountered in the process ?
( 5:35 )
How working with other Twitterers like @airlineindustry helped use of common hashtags ( 6:33 )
Key indicators of success ? ( 7:10 )
In hindsight , what would have been done differently ?
( 7:41 )
Why collaborating with airlines was important ( 8:21 )
How will crises management be better in a future eruption ? ( 9:00 )
So , what do you think about EuroControl ’s handling of the crisis ?
Is it repeatable ?
Is n’t it refreshing to learn about such a visionary effort in times of crises ?
Let ’s discuss in the comments or over on Twitter ( @simpliflying )
Marijuana Arrests Spike in 2010
Put down that pipe and listen up , stoners !
Seattle police appear to be arresting more people this year on charges of possessing marijuana under Interim Chief John Diaz than under his predecessor , Gil Kerlikowske , who left his post in May 2009 to become the nation 's Drug Czar .
In fact , police are now arresting people for pot at the highest rate since voters passed a law in 2003 making marijuana possession the city 's lowest law - enforcement priority .
Police arrested 88 people for marijuana possession from the beginning of January to the end of April and referred them for prosecution , according to records from the Seattle City Attorney 's Office .
During the same time frame last year , officers arrested only 52 people for marijuana possession .
Pete Holmes , the city attorney , has vowed not to prosecute any of those cases ( except one case in which a defendant plead guilty to having pot and unlawfully using a weapon ) .
But that has n't stopped officers from arresting the suspects and referring their cases to Seattle Municipal Court .
At this rate , police will bust 264 people for marijuana possession by the end of 2010 — more than double recent years .
To compare : Police arrested 123 people for the offense in 2008 and 120 people in 2009 .
Most of the people being busted are black ( 45 of the arrests ) , followed by white people ( 33 of the arrests ) , and the remaining 10 arrestees are other races .
According to the City Attorney 's office records , 84 of the arrests were for marijuana only ( only four of the cases included charges for another crime ) .
This would suggest that arrest patterns for marijuana - law enforcement or marijuana use have changed drastically in Seattle ; marijuana referrals from the SPD have historically resulted from the drug being found in association with another crime .
But these data would suggest — and I question them — that police have practically stopped referring marijuana cases when associated with other crimes while increasing radically the marijuana - only arrest rate .
" We have had the opportunity to recheck the marijuana reports sent to our office , and the results were the same , " Kevin Kilpatrick , an assistant city attorney supervisor who oversees records requests , said when asked to confirm the numbers .
Last year only 28 people were arrested for marijuana - only offenses over the entire year ( we 've tripled that number in the first three months of 2010 ) .
It also seems possible that police activity is n't responsible for the change , but rather the reporting by the Seattle City Attorney 's office has changed ( Holmes took over the office at the same time the data seem to change ) .
Nonetheless , the city attorney 's office insists its numbers are correct .
Is the city reporting on pot cases now wrong ?
Was it wrong under Tom Carr ?
Have things just shifted drastically — and a police crackdown is underway on pot smokers ?
SPD said it would look into the matter .
We 're setting up a meeting with the city attorney 's office to find out more .
According to the cover story in the latest Newsweek , even if Sarah Palin never runs for office again , she can single - handedly change the face of politics by instructing her loyal army of " conservative feminist " mama bears how to vote .
Shudder .
Advertisement
Writes Lisa Miller , " [ H ] er pro-woman rallying cry , articulated in the evangelical vernacular , together with the potent pro-life example of her own family , puts Palin in a position to reshape and reinvigorate the religious right , one of the most powerful forces in American politics .
The Christian right is now poised to become a women 's movement - and Sarah Palin is its earthy Jerry Falwell ...
With her new faith - based message , Palin gathers up the Christian women that traditional feminism has left behind . "
Hoo boy .
That 's a lot to take in , first thing in the morning .
I already covered what I think of " Sarah Palin Feminism , " but once more with feeling : Feminism did not leave conservative Christian women behind .
Conservative Christian women rejected feminism .
This is not a trivial distinction .
Advertisement
Here 's a story .
My late dog , Lucille , hated bananas .
But more than that , she hated my dad 's late dog , Guinness , getting anything edible that could be hers .
So one day , my dad drops a banana chunk on the kitchen floor , and we both watch Lucille pick it up in her mouth , make a face , then drop it again .
Guinness swoops in for the banana chunk , at which point Lucille immediately picks it up again — only to remember it grosses her out and drop it .
But then Guinness moves in once more , so she growls and picks it up .
Except ... still gross .
Drop. Swoop .
Grab .
Ew !
Repeat .
Comedy gold , as long as you had nothing invested in that banana chunk .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
This is what I think of whenever I hear people talk about conservative Christian women " reclaiming " feminism , or blaming those mean and nasty " traditional " ( read : " actual " ) feminists for keeping them out .
You do n't even want the fucking banana .
But you 'd rather turn it into a lump of mush that nobody wants than let anyone else have it .
It does n't help when people say things like , " You hate to say it , but mainstream feminism has had an antireligious bias for a really long time " — which R. Marie Griffith , author of God 's Daughters : Evangelical Women and the Power of Submission , does to Miller .
That is precisely the opposite of the point , which is that many organized religions — and evangelical Christianity is certainly among them — have an anti-woman bias .
So historically , folks have found it difficult to believe simultaneously in full gender equality and a god who dictates that , say , wives must submit to their husbands , no matter what .
Go figure !
Advertisement
But Sarah Palin and her loyal fans are changing all that , by crafting a " feminism " that says we CAN have it all : Gender equality and obedience to men !
Writes Miller , " These Christians seek a power that allows them to formally acquiesce to male authority and conservative theology , even as they assume increasingly visible roles in their families , their churches , their communities , and the world .
Palin shows them a path through this thicket of contradictions . "
So basically , they 're doing what women have been doing to get by forever — working outside the home as necessary , fiercely defending their children 's interests ( if not their own ) , quietly exercising whatever power they can behind the scenes , acting dumb and making their men look good in public — and calling it The New Feminism instead of The Old Coping Mechanisms .
The patron saint of this movement , evidently , is Queen Esther of the Hebrew Bible , who exercised great power by using her beauty and charm to persuade her husband to do the right the thing ( save the Jewish population , of which she secretly was one ) .
As David Gibson wrote at Politics Daily last year , questionable Esther analogies are a big thing in the evangelical Christian community — everyone from Palin to Katherine Harris to Carrie Prejean has been compared to her — and her name now seems to stand for what Griffith calls , " an image that blends this kind of submissive , pretty , aw - shucks demeanor with a fiery power , a spiritual warfare . "
Advertisement
As Gibson notes , Esther is an ideal role model for people who feel like a persecuted religious minority , and who , in the words of Anne Lapidus Lerner , director of the Program in Jewish Women 's Studies at the Jewish Theological Seminary in New York City , " are interested in seeing women as subservient but not totally powerless , and to see their beauty as something that carries them to whatever modicum of power they achieve . "
" Traditional " feminists , on the other hand — those of us who feel like " not totally powerless " is a bit of a lackluster goal for women — are probably more likely to identify with Esther 's predecessor , Vashti , who was deposed ( and maybe banished or killed ) because she refused her husband 's demand that she show off her fine body for all the guests at a feast .
( Esther won a beauty contest to replace the stubborn bitch . )
Lerner points out that " Vashti is the only woman in the Bible who when issued a direct order by a male did n't take it . "
If you 're wondering why feminists and conservative religious folks have n't been BFF over the years , you might start right there .
Advertisement
Oh , but it 's so much more fun to blame the dirty liberals .
" Palin has her faults , but the left is partially to blame for her ascent , " writes Miller .
" Its native mistrust of religion , of conservative believers in particular , left the gap that Palin now fills . "
Oh , horseshit .
The left has no " native mistrust of religion " ; we have a learned , reasoned mistrust of people who would like to make America a theocracy .
There is a big freakin ' difference between people who just want to practice their religion in peace and people who object to the separation of church and state .
( And when the religion in question is hostile to women , feminists get especially upset about the latter . )
Creating space between progressive values and the specter of theocracy is not unwisely or accidentally " leaving a gap " ; it 's a drawing a reasonable boundary .
And this idea that the Christian right has gained so much ground because liberals and feminists are out of touch with the " real America " is fiction , one of the lies they tell to carve a path through their thicket of contradictions .
It 's actually because charismatic people like Sarah Palin go out there and tell people whatever they want to hear without being bound by logic or facts .
If they can inspire pure faith and loyalty , they can get people excited about the idea of a theocracy with liberty and justice for all , and a pro-woman patriarchy , and a unicorn in every pot .
That does n't make any of it real .
It does n't make Sarah Palin a feminist .
And it does n't make the left exclusive and intolerant and out of touch .
It just makes people like Sarah Palin powerful enough to tell lies and have a substantial number of people believe them .
Advertisement
Saint Sarah [ Newsweek ]
Related : Another Winner On Tuesday : The Palin Endorsement [ Time ]
Queen Esther 's Legacy : From Hebrew Heroine to Miss California [ Politics Daily ]
Sarah Palin's Grab For Feminism [ Salon ]
Advertisement
Earlier : 5 Ways of Looking at " Sarah Palin Feminism "
Last week , a Google security researcher detailed a little - known feature built into Java that can be used to launch third - party applications .
Today , security experts unearthed evidence that a popular song lyrics
Web site was compromised and seeded with code that leverages this Java feature to install malicious software .
On April 9 , Google researcher Tavis Ormandy posted to the FullDisclosure mailing list that he ’d discovered he could abuse a feature in Java to launch arbitrary applications on a Windows PC using a specially - crafted Web site .
Ormandy said the feature had been included in every version of Java since Java 6 Update 10 , and was intended as a way to make it easier for developers to distribute their applications .
Along with that disclosure , Ormandy published several examples of how attackers might use this functionality in Java to load malicious applications onto a user ’s system .
As of this morning , songlyrics.com , a site that according to traffic analysis firm compete.com receives about 1.7 million visits each month , was loading code from assetmancomcareers.com , a Russian Web site with a history of pushing rogue anti-virus .
The domain name servers for assetmancomcareers.com also serve :
spyeraser-security.com
spyeraser-trial.com
spyeraser-software.com
According to Roger Thompson , chief research officer at AVG , the site appears to use the very same code mentioned in Ormandy ’s proof - of - concept to silently redirect songlyrics.com visitors to a site that loads the “ Crimepack ” exploit kit , a relatively new kit designed to throw a heap of software exploits at visiting browsers ( see screenshot of a Crimepack administration page below ) .
It ’s unclear whether Oracle plans to change the behavior of this feature in Java .
For now , if you have Java installed on your system ( do n’t know ?
click here ) , you might consider implementing one or both of the workarounds mentioned here in a SANS Internet Storm Center writeup on this .
Update , 1:17 p.m. ET : The folks over at malwaredomainlist.com say that although the Wepawet scanning tool mentioned above detects this exploit kit as Crimepack , the pack in question may be one called SEO Sploit Pack .
While this distinction may be lost on the hapless Windows user who stumbles upon such a site , I wanted to include this information nonetheless .
Unfortunately , all I have is the stock logo for the SEO Sploit Pack ( anyone want to share a screen shot of the admin page ? ) .
Tags : AVG , crimepack , google , java , roger thompson , sans internet storm center , spyeraser , tavis ormandy
Unternehmen Termine für Unternehmer Wichtige Konferenzen , renommierte Preise oder interessante Messen : In unserer Übersicht finden Sie ausgewählte Termine für Unternehmer .
Lesen
PARTNER -ADVERTORIAL
Von Fallstricken und Fettnäpfchen
Das eigene Geschäft soll gedeihen , sprich , wachsen .
Klar , jeder Unternehmer träumt von blühenden Landschaften .
Business Networking kann zu einem wertvollen Tool in Ihrem Marketing - Mix werden , will aber gelernt sein .
Auf Netzwerktreffen lauern Fallstricke und Fettnäpfchen .
Welche Fehler Sie vermeiden sollten , lesen Sie in unserem aktuellen Beitrag .
Lesen
PARTNER -ADVERTORIAL
Pimp my Referral Jeder Unternehmer jagt ihr hinterher , der Top - Empfehlung , die grandioses Geschäft generiert .
Doch eine gute Empfehlung braucht Zeit .
Lesen
Sie hier , wie Sie Ihr Umfeld briefen können .
Lesen
Sponsored Post Anzeige Deutscher Mittelstand unterschätzt Digitalisierung
Die meisten Unternehmen begreifen Digitalisierung als Chance , unterschätzen jedoch die tiefgreifende Disruption ihres gesamten Geschäftsmodells , die damit einhergeht .
Das geht aus Deutschlands derzeit größter Umfrage im Mittelstand hervor .
Lesen
PARTNER -ADVERTORIAL
Anrufe um 10 Uhr abends müssen drin sein Sie wollen schnell an die Trauben ?
Nichts da , Business Networking ist harte Arbeit , muss langfristig gesehen und strategisch betrieben werden .
Gegenseitiges Vertrauen braucht Zeit .
Niemand drückt
Ihnen direkt eine Top - Empfehlung in die Hand , wenn er Sie gerade erst am Stehtisch beim Event um die Ecke kennengelernt hat .
Würden
Sie umgekehrt wohl auch nicht machen .
Wie Sie erfolgreich Beziehungsmarketing betreiben , lesen Sie in diesem Beitrag .
Lesen
Trigema - Chef 9 verblüffende Fakten über Wolfgang Grupp Eines ist Trigema - Chef Wolfgang Grupp sicher nicht : langweilig .
Ständig sorgt er für Schlagzeilen - zuletzt mit Äußerungen zu seiner Nachfolge .
Wie er die regelt und sonst so tickt .
9 verblüffende Fakten . von Larissa Rehbock Lesen
Sponsored Post Partner - Beitrag smarter_mittelstand Serie Vernetzung , Cloud - Computing , Cyber - Security , Digital Leadership sind nur einige der Herausforderungen , denen sich der deutsche Mittelstand aufgrund der digitalen Transformation zukünftig stellen muss .
Lesen
Sponsored Post Anzeige Individualisierung fordert neues Wohn - Denken 40 % der Haushalte in großen Städten sind heute Singlehaushalte .
Die Individualisierung verändert das Leben und Wohnen nachhaltig .
Dieser Megatrend bringt auch grundlegend neue Anforderungen an Wohnungsunternehmen mit sich .
Welche sind das und wie können sie effektiv genutzt werden ?
Lesen
PARTNER -ADVERTORIAL
Wenn Wasser durch die Decke geht Business Networking hat viele Facetten .
Eine davon heißt Co-Creation .
Schon mal gehört , ja , aber was genau steckt dahinter ?
Kurzum : Co-Creation steht für kreatives
Teamwork : Im Verlauf eines Innovationsprozesses tauschen sich Vertreter unterschiedlicher Fachdisziplinen aus , kooperieren , werfen ihr Know - how und ihre Erfahrung in dieselbe Waagschale .
Lesen
Firmennamen - Quiz
Was steckt hinter Adidas , Osram oder Edeka ?
Diese großen deutschen Firmen kennen Sie bestimmt - aber wissen Sie auch , was ihre Namen bedeuten ?
Testen Sie Ihr Wissen in unserem Firmennamen - Quiz !
Von Liske Jaax und Angelika Unger Lesen
Copyright : The Elephant in the Middle of the Glee Club
Guest Blogger
Christina Mulligan
The fictional high school chorus at the center of Fox ’s Glee has a huge problem — nearly a million dollars in potential legal liability .
For a show that regularly tackles thorny issues like teen pregnancy and alcohol abuse , it ’s surprising that a million dollars worth of lawbreaking would go unmentioned .
But it does , and week after week , those zany Glee kids rack up the potential to pay higher and higher fines .
In one recent episode , the AV Club helps cheerleading coach Sue Sylvester film a near - exact copy of Madonna ’s Vogue music video ( the real - life fine for copying Madonna ’s original ? up to $ 150,000 ) .
Just a few episodes later , a video of Sue dancing to Olivia Newton - John ’s 1981 hit Physical is posted online ( damages for recording the entirety of Physical on Sue ’s camcorder : up to $ 300,000 ) .
And let ’s not forget the glee club ’s many mash - ups — songs created by mixing together two other musical pieces .
Each mash - up is a “ preparation of a derivative work ” of the original two songs ’ compositions – an action for which there is no compulsory license available , meaning ( in plain English ) that if the Glee kids were a real group of teenagers , they could not feasibly ask for — or hope to get — the copyright permissions they would need to make their songs , and their actions , legal under copyright law .
Punishment for making each mash - up ?
Up to another $ 150,000 — times two .
The absence of any mention of copyright law in Glee illustrates a painful tension in American culture .
While copyright holders assert that copyright violators are “ stealing ” their “ property , ” people everywhere are remixing and recreating artistic works for the very same reasons the Glee kids do — to learn about themselves , to become better musicians , to build relationships with friends , and to pay homage to the artists who came before them .
Glee ’s protagonists — and the writers who created them — see so little wrong with this behavior that the word ‘ copyright ’ is never even uttered .
You might be tempted to assume that this tension is n’t a big deal because copyright holders wo n’t go after creative kids or amateurs .
But they do :
In the 1990s , the American Society of Composers , Authors and Publishers ( ASCAP ) asked members of the American Camping Association , including Girl Scout troops , to pay royalties for singing copyrighted songs at camp .
In 2004 , the Beatles ’ copyright holders tried to prevent the release of The Grey Album – a mash - up of Jay - Z ’s Black Album and the Beatles ’ White Album — and only gave up after massive civil disobedience resulted in the album ’s widespread distribution .
Copyright holders even routinely demand that YouTube remove videos of kids dancing to popular music .
While few copyright cases go to trial , copyright holders like the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) do n’t hesitate to seek stratospheric damage awards when they do , as in the Jammie Thomas - Rasset filesharing case .
These worlds do n’t match .
Both Glee and the RIAA ca n’t be right .
It ’s hard to imagine glee club coach Will Schuester giving his students a tough speech on how they ca n’t do mash - ups anymore because of copyright law ( but if he did , it might make people rethink the law ) .
Instead , copyright violations are rewarded in Glee — after Sue ’s Physical video goes viral , Olivia Newton - John contacts
Sue so they can film a new , improved video together .
So what should you do in real life if you and your friends , inspired by Glee , want to make a mash - up , or a new music video for a popular song ?
Should you just leave this creativity to the professionals , or should you become dirty , rotten copyright violators ?
Current law favors copyright holders .
But morally , there ’s nothing wrong with singing your heart out .
Remixing is n’t stealing , and copyright is n’t property .
Copyright is a privilege — actually six specific privileges — granted by the government .
Back in 1834 , the Supreme Court decided in Wheaton v. Peters that copyrights were n’t “ property ” in the traditional sense of the word , but rather entitlements the government chose to create for instrumental reasons .
The scope and nature of copyright protection are policy choices — choices that have grown to favor the interests of established , rent - seeking businesses instead of the public in general .
The Constitution allows Congress to pass copyright laws to “ promote the progress of science ” — a word often used in the 18th century to mean “ knowledge ” .
The stated purpose of the original 1790 copyright statute was to encourage learning .
So you tell me — what promotes knowledge and learning : letting people rearrange music and learn to use a video camera , or threatening new artists with $ 150,000 fines ?
Defenders of modern copyright law will argue Congress has struck “ the right balance ” between copyright holders ’ interests and the public good .
They ’ll suggest the current law is an appropriate compromise among interest groups .
But by claiming the law strikes “ the right balance , ” what they ’re really saying is that the Glee kids deserve to be on the losing side of a lawsuit .
Does that sound like the right balance to you ?
Christina Mulligan is a visiting fellow of the Information Society Project at Yale Law School .
You can reach her by e-mail at cmulligan at gmail.com
The Wylie Agency 's new digital publishing business , Odyssey Editions , is not going unnoticed by publishers .
Odyssey Editions , which the New York Times reported on this morning , will release e-book editions of classic titles by some of the agency 's clients including Philip Roth and John Updike .
The move , according to Random House , may be illegal .
Odyssey Editions is set to sell titles previously unavailable in e-book formats , like Ralph Ellison 's Invisible Man and Norman Mailer 's The Naked and the Dead , exclusively through Amazon 's Kindle Store .
The venture , the Times reported , is starting with 20 titles .
And agent Andrew Wylie , founder of the Wylie Agency , believes those digital rights are under his control , telling the paper that " backlist digital rights were not conveyed to publishers , and so there 's an opportunity to do something with those rights . "
Random House feels differently .
The publisher released a statement to PW this morning saying it is " disappointed by Mr. Wylie 's actions " and that it may ultimately be forced to take the unspecified action .
The publisher went on : " Last night , we sent a letter to Amazon disputing [ The Wylie Agency 's ] rights to legally sell these titles , which are subject to active Random House publishing agreements .
Upon assessing our business options , we will be taking appropriate action . ”
With the e-book market expanding at such a fast rate , many in the publishing industry have been assuming that agenices might start releasing their clients ' work directly into the marketplace , by - passing publishers altogether .
While any potential showdown here will be over backlist digital rights -- and who controls them in contracts drafted long before e-books existed -- industry members are looking ahead to various things like Odyssey Editions cropping up .
In a May article in PW , Scott Waxman discussed what was then a new side project for his agency , a publishing arm called Diversion Books , which offers clients e-book publication and distribution , as well as a POD option .
He called Diversion " somewhere in between the big houses and the lonely road of self - publishing . "
Many feel , with the deep knowledge of the business that agents have , that they will continue to draw up hybrid publishing models , built around both backlist and frontlist titles .
Posted on July 2 , 2010
Clinton Defends Byrd 's KKK Ties : " He Was Trying To Get Elected "
" He once had a fleeting association with the Ku Klux Klan , what does that mean ?
I 'll tell you what it means .
He was a country boy from the hills and hollows from West Virginia .
He was trying to get elected , " former President Bill Clinton said of Sen. Robert Byrd .
" And maybe he did something he should n't have done come and he spent the rest of his life making it up .
And that 's what a good person does .
There are no perfect people .
There are certainly no perfect politicians , " he added .
VIDEO : Obama On KKK Past : Byrd Regrets " Things He Said And Did "
Doug Mataconis · · 3 comments
This is pretty amusing :
When people started talking about President Obama and the return of reading , they probably did n’t mean Ayn Rand .
But the Obama presidency has been a boon to Rand ’s publishers .
Buried in George Will ’s upcoming column is the nugget that sales of Atlas Shrugged have tripled since Obama took office .
From 2000 through 2008 , the 50 - year - old 1,088 - page tome sold about 166,000 copies a year .
Since Obama was sworn in , more than 600,000 copies have been sold .
That ’s 530,000 more than it sold in its first year of publication , when it was reviewed by more than 100 literary outlets .
A new article in the Journal of the American Chemical Society ( JACS ) describes how nanoparticles formed by very small numbers of silver atoms can protect against the cell damage caused by ethanol .
The study was led by researchers from the University of Barcelona and conducted in conjunction with the Magnetism and Nanotechnology laboratory of the University of Santiago de Compostela .
" The results of the study show that these clusters of small numbers of silver atoms catalyze ethanol oxidation at similar concentrations to those found in the blood of alcoholics and at values of membrane potential and pH that are compatible with those exhibited by mammalian cells , " explains Gustavo Egea , a professor with the Department of Cell Biology , Immunology and Neurosciences of the Faculty of Medicine at the UB and an affiliated researcher for the Institute of Nanosciences and Nanotechnology ( IN2UB ) and the August Pi i Sunyer Miomedical Research Institute ( IDIBAPS ) .
Researchers applied the silver nanoparticles to astrocytes exposed to ethanol .
These types of cells accompany neurons and are widely used as models for studying the physiopathological mechanisms of alcohol in foetal alcohol syndrome , a disease that develops in some unborn babies when the mother consumes excessive levels of alcohol and which leads to a range of severe neurological disorders .
Alcohol has particularly harmful effects on nerve cells , and in the specific case of astrocytes it induces programmed cell - death and an alteration of the actin cytoskeleton .
Following application of the silver nanoparticles to ethanol - exposed cells , the actin cytoskeleton shows marked improvements and cell - death does not occur .
" So , the harmful effect of ethanol on astrocytes is mitigated by the silver nanoparticles , which act as a cytoprotective agent , " explains Javier Selva , a lecturer with the Department of Cell Biology , Immunology and Neuroscience and first author of the paper .
The study combines analysis of the electrocatalytic properties of silver nanoparticles with examination of their potential biological applications .
" This is a promising field in electrochemistry applied to cell biology , which harnesses the different properties of nanoparticles formed by very small numbers of atoms , referred to generically as atomic clusters , " explains Gustavo Egea .
The authors have also found that the nanoparticles prevent alterations induced by other primary alcohols such as methanol and butanol , although not those induced by other toxins such as hydrogen peroxide .
Occasionally , even the most open - minded and sex - positive sexpert reads a question that leaves him - and his readers - speechless .
This one , from a beleaguered new mom , was one :
Wrote a woman to Time Out New York 's latest " Get Naked " column ,
In February , I gave birth to my daughter and immediately began breast - feeding .
My husband 's interest in this quickly changed from curiosity to sexual stimulation .
Now he charts feeding times , and prepares himself by getting naked with a lubricant and a towel so he can masturbate .
At first I found this funny and oddly titillating , but now it seems creepy .
I have tried to avoid him by locking myself in the bathroom ( he banged on the door until I opened it ) or feeding while having an elderly neighbor visit ( he hid his crotch with a sofa pillow and jacked hard ) .
When I tell him of my growing discomfort with this , he laughs .
What can I do to let him know this is serious ?
Advertisement
Well , we'd have thought that " locking yourself in the bathroom and summoning a chaperone " would have done the trick , but Time Out 's Jamie Bufalino says that " hopefully , the realization that you actually felt the need to write in for advice about this will shake him into realizing that he 's being a total , irresponsible douche . "
He suggests that she " tell him that I said he needs to grow up and start acting like a real father . "
To this we'd add , " therapy " and a sincere hope that the baby who is presumably present for all of this never , ever reads this and realizes her inadvertent role in her dad 's fetishization of her care and complete disregard for her mother 's feelings .
( Never mind that poor , elderly neighbor . )
Oh , and while we 're at it : throw that sofa pillow in the wash .
Advertisement
Get Naked [ Time Out New York ]
Elena Kagan ’s confirmation hearings are underway in the Senate Judiciary Committee , a rite of passage for Supreme Court nominees .
Right ?
Not so fast .
There ’s actually no constitutional or legal requirement that nominees to the Supreme Court testify before the Senate .
The Constitution merely states that the president “ shall nominate , and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate , shall appoint . . . Judges of the Supreme Court . ”
The first confirmation hearings were held in 1925 , a voluntary gesture by President Coolidge ’s nominee , attorney Harlan Fiske Stone .
Before then , nominees were often confirmed quickly , as quickly as the same day in the case of President Harding ’s nominee in 1922 , Sen. George Sutherland of Utah .
History and the debates of our Founders offer some sound reasons why any vetting of court nominees should become more limited and less political .
Senators should consider nominees for their general fitness for the court , not pressure them for ideological confessions .
Last week , nearly 11,000 of Kagan ’s e-mails were made public as part of an unprecedented release of nominee records , and for months both parties have been scouring her past to get ready for this week ’s hearings .
Still , no real surprises are expected .
Republican senators want to corner Kagan as a liberal wishing to make law from the bench , while Democratic senators will portray Kagan as a consensus builder and an “ empathic ” counterweight to the conservative block on the court .
Still , the show must go on .
Elena Kagan is the first nominee since William Rehnquist , nominated in 1971 , who has never served as a judge .
The resulting lack of judicial opinions by Kagan makes it even more difficult for those trying to ascertain her ideology , so there are calls for Kagan to answer questions about her opinions on issues likely to come before the court .
The Founding Fathers did not think this wise .
In his Virginia Plan , the basis for debates at the Constitutional Convention of 1787 , James Madison proposed that Congress be given the power to write laws , but that then a joint “ council of revision , ” made up from the executive and the judicial branches , be allowed to review the laws .
Many delegates supported the idea out of fear that without the support of the judicial branch the president would not have the “ firmness ” to stand against attempts by Congress to expand its power .
Sorry , there are no polls available at the moment .
While Madison ’s proposal was not accepted , the council of revision debates reveal why many of the Founders thought judges should not be asked about legal issues not yet formally presented for review in court .
John Rutledge , later a Supreme Court justice himself , expressed the view that members of the judiciary should never be asked “ to give their opinion on a law till it comes before them . ”
He , like other delegates , argued that any involvement in lawmaking or any pronouncement of prior opinions could jeopardize a judge ’s ability to evaluate an issue fairly when it was brought before his court .
The Constitution gives the president the power to nominate judges for the Supreme Court .
A majority Senate vote is required to confirm the nominee .
The president can nominate whomever he chooses , and historically many have chosen friends and confidants .
With the expanding influence of the court in everyday life since the early 1900s — from social issues to credit card regulation — presidents have increasingly selected nominees reflecting their own views on the role of government .
More recently they have selected nominees who can simply be confirmed .
Today ’s elaborate , partisan confirmation hearings make a nominee ’s fate more a test of presidential power than an opportunity to send the best candidate to our highest court .
Alexander Hamilton ’s assurances in the Federalist Papers that only the most highly qualified individuals would serve as federal judges are increasingly in jeopardy .
Agreeing upon a definition of “ highly qualified ” for the Supreme Court would be difficult for members of the highly partisan Senate , but even that debate would prove more fruitful than trying to read a nominee ’s ideological tea leaves .
( The American Bar Association evaluates nominees , and it deemed Kagan “ highly qualified . ” )
During his 2005 confirmation hearings , Chief Justice John Roberts avoided any specific opinions and instead gave his conciliatory “ umpire speech ” about justices needing to leave their ideologies out of decisions .
Yet he has issued some surprisingly activist opinions .
Combine the Senate ’s weak record of drawing any substantive ideological matter from nominees with the concerns of prejudice raised by the Founders , and we can see what ’s wrong with Kagan ’s confirmation hearings before they start .
Kagan herself has said that confirmation hearings should be more straightforward .
They should be — but by developing the record of a nominee ’s character and legal acumen , rather than by chasing ideological clues and highlighting political postures .
Kathleen Gronnerud
Kathleen Gronnerud is a writer / historian specializing in the Constitutional Convention and the presidency who writes for the History News Service .
E-mail : kgronnerud@yahoo.com .
Republished with permission from the History News Network .
This wooden seat known as a duho was sculpted by a Taino artisan .
The Taino were one of the pre-European , native peoples of the Caribbean .
It is carved in the shape of an ancestor spirit known as a cemi .
Duhos were used to communicate with the spirit world .
A Taino chief would sit in his duho and then snort psychedelic snuff made from the seeds of the cohoba tree .
They would then ask the spirits for advice on the future , such as whether to go to war .
What was Taino society like ?
Before the arrival of Europeans , the Caribbean was home to two main ethnic groups - the Taino and the Caribs .
The Taino generally lived in the northern islands including Cuba , Jamaica and the Bahamas , while the Caribs lived in the southern islands .
The Taino were farmers who lived in highly - organised societies , divided into nobles and commoners .
They were ruled by both male and female chiefs .
Only the chief or an important visitor could sit in a duho .
Christopher Columbus was given this honour when he arrived in the Caribbean in 1492 .
Some Taino words survive as modern Spanish and English words including hurricane , barbecue , hammock , canoe and tobacco
A truly exceptional piece of work
We do n’t know exactly where it comes from , but it almost certainly came from the island of Hispaniola , or what is today Haiti / Dominican Republic , and it is made out of a very dark dense wood which we call Guayacan .
This wood , aside from having medicinal properties , is extremely durable , and this is one of the reasons why this one is preserved in a fairly good condition and possibly one of the best examples of the seats that were used by the chiefs , particularly on ceremonial occasions .
The use of the duho , or seat : you have to think of it not as a piece of furniture but rather as a symbolic location of where the seat would stand .
This particular object , it is too small for actually a human being sitting on it .
Therefore just the fact that you ’re sitting , or crouching on top of it – already , like the thrones of the monarchies – distinguishes this individual from everybody else .
What is interesting is all the wooden seats that we know from the Caribbean , including this one , tend to be male .
They are marked with the male gender , and like in this case they sometimes show the male genitalia under the seat .
And that ’s because this seat is actually an anthropomorphic person .
Think of it as a human being on four legs and what you sit on is on the back of this personage .
And that ’s why the genitalia are on there , and you sit on top almost as if you were sitting on a donkey or a horse , and so on .
So the chief is mounting this object which happens to also be a sentient being .
In other words they think of these things as having ‘ cemi ’ , that is , a soul .
The main use was in a ceremony called ‘ kohoba ’ .
Kohoba is a word for a hallucinogenic drug which is still used today in South America for exactly the same purposes - in order to have a contact with these spiritual beings .
And this is actually how they formulated policies because they consulted these supernatural beings – about who to marry , who to go to war with , who to make peace with , who their daughters should marry , and so on .
So the institution of government was based on this ritual and ceremonial of being able to consult the powers – the supernatural powers .
And the seat is the focus that gathers the chief and these personages , which we know had names , genealogy , a whole biography behind them of actions and acts which they did with the chief .
And so this is truly an exceptional piece of work .
... Read more
We do n’t know exactly where it comes from , but it almost certainly came from the island of Hispaniola , or what is today Haiti / Dominican Republic , and it is made out of a very dark dense wood which we call Guayacan .
This wood , aside from having medicinal properties , is extremely durable , and this is one of the reasons why this one is preserved in a fairly good condition and possibly one of the best examples of the seats that were used by the chiefs , particularly on ceremonial occasions .
The use of the duho , or seat : you have to think of it not as a piece of furniture but rather as a symbolic location of where the seat would stand .
This particular object , it is too small for actually a human being sitting on it .
Therefore just the fact that you ’re sitting , or crouching on top of it – already , like the thrones of the monarchies – distinguishes this individual from everybody else .
What is interesting is all the wooden seats that we know from the Caribbean , including this one , tend to be male .
They are marked with the male gender , and like in this case they sometimes show the male genitalia under the seat .
And that ’s because this seat is actually an anthropomorphic person .
Think of it as a human being on four legs and what you sit on is on the back of this personage .
And that ’s why the genitalia are on there , and you sit on top almost as if you were sitting on a donkey or a horse , and so on .
So the chief is mounting this object which happens to also be a sentient being .
In other words they think of these things as having ‘ cemi ’ , that is , a soul .
The main use was in a ceremony called ‘ kohoba ’ .
Kohoba is a word for a hallucinogenic drug which is still used today in South America for exactly the same purposes - in order to have a contact with these spiritual beings .
And this is actually how they formulated policies because they consulted these supernatural beings – about who to marry , who to go to war with , who to make peace with , who their daughters should marry , and so on .
So the institution of government was based on this ritual and ceremonial of being able to consult the powers – the supernatural powers .
And the seat is the focus that gathers the chief and these personages , which we know had names , genealogy , a whole biography behind them of actions and acts which they did with the chief .
And so this is truly an exceptional piece of work .
In the 1971 movie Dirty Harry , actor Clint Eastwood introduced the world to the double - action Smith & Wesson Model 29 .44 - cal .
Magnum revolver — " the most powerful handgun in the world . "
It was a crown S&W wore proudly , albeit briefly .
The rising popularity of handgun hunting for big game ( spurred largely by the .44 Magnum itself ) prompted the introduction of newer and significantly more powerful revolver cartridges .
Many powerful enough that they had to be chambered in single - action handguns because existing double - action designs could not contain the recoil forces and pressures they produced .
Since S&W does not make single - action revolvers , and no double - action frame at its disposal could handle the new loads , S&W was effectively dethroned .
At the 2003 Shooting , Hunting and Outdoor Trade ( SHOT ) Show , the manufacturer regained its crown .
And , most significantly , it did it by introducing a new massive double - action revolver that is chambered for an equally new .50 - cal.
cartridge .
The S&W X - frame Model 500 is a brawny handgun designed to master the most rigorous hunting fields in the world .
It is not a revolver one would , or likely could , tuck into a waistband .
In fact , to call it massive is an understatement .
With its 8-3/8- in. barrel , the overall length of the Model 500 is 15 in .
and the empty weight is 4.5 pounds .
The cylinder alone is almost 2 in . in diameter and approaches 2.25 in. in length .
Thumb the cylinder open and five charge holes await .
Each is 1 /2 in . in diameter , and the .50 - cal .
cartridges they hold are almost 2 in .
long .
Load five of them and the total weight of the handgun climbs to 5 pounds .
You do n't just casually pick up a Model 500 .
You have to lift it .
Fire even one of those big cartridges and you 'll appreciate why the weight and mass are there .
When the .44 Magnum laid claim to being the most powerful handgun in the world , its standard load produced about 900 ft. - lb. of muzzle energy .
Several new loads have since eclipsed that , but the handgun most commonly used by big game hunters is the .454 Casull , which will generate about 1900 ft. -lb .
The 500 S&W Magnum will produce almost 2600 ft. - lb. with its heaviest load , and more powerful loads may well be on the way .
If Dirty Harry felt that the .44 Magnum would make his day , the new 500 S&W Magnum would certainly make his decade .
It is the largest double - action revolver available , and there is no production revolver in the world — single or double action — capable of matching , or even approaching , the level of power it produces .
Harnessing that power in a double - action revolver , however , required some departures from traditional designs .
Rethinking Double - Action Design
No frame in the S&W line was capable of containing the 500 Magnum , so the new X - frame was designed specifically for the 500's .50 - cal .
cartridge .
It is massive .
But , just making a bigger double - action revolver was not the solution .
A major concern was the barrel - to - frame connection .
This is traditionally done by simply screwing the barrel into the front of the frame , but this design places all firing stress at that one point .
To increase strength throughout the 500's barrel assembly , S&W opted for a composite barrel / shroud system .
A stainless steel barrel tube is torqued into the frame to form a solid rear attachment point .
A separate , heavy stainless steel shroud is then slipped over the barrel and braced against the forward portion of the frame .
The muzzle end of the barrel bears against the forward end of the shroud , and a separate compensator / muzzle brake is then rotated into place under torque at the muzzle end of the shroud .
This arrangement compresses the shroud and places the barrel tube under tension for its entire length .
In effect , the barrel and shroud act as linear springs to distribute the stress of firing across the entire barrel / shroud component instead of focusing it all at the single junction of the barrel and frame .
Maintaining precise cylinder alignment was another concern .
Traditional designs utilize a front - and rear - cylinder lockup , with the forward end of the ejector rod bearing against a ball - detent fixture on the barrel to provide the front lockup .
Given the power of the 500 Magnum , the potential for flex in the ejector rod had to be addressed .
The solution was to dispense with that design and install a massive ball - detent lock on the frame itself , directly below the barrel forcing cone .
This mates with the yoke to provide a solid front lockup directly at the front of the cylinder .
Combined with the traditional rear lockup , this is the strongest cylinder alignment design possible .
While the 500 S&W Magnum answers the question of " where 's the beef ? " the company wisely decided to incorporate the same grip dimensions found on its much smaller K - frame handguns .
Experienced handgunners regard this as one of the best handgun grips ever made .
Thus , the 500 Magnum is a big revolver that 's strong where it needs to be , but is comfortable to handle .
That was borne out during firing tests .
>
On The Firing Line
Despite the power of the cartridge , the 500 S&W Magnum is surprisingly controllable .
Due largely to the sheer mass of the revolver ( combined with the muzzle - heavy balance and an excellent muzzle brake ) , the violent wrist - wrenching muzzle whip associated with single - action revolvers firing such powerful loads as the .454 Casull and the .475 Linebaugh has been tamed considerably .
In those guns , muzzle rise on recoil can reach 90° and present a hazard to the shooter .
With even the heaviest 500 Magnum load tested , muzzle rise was confined to the 50° range and there was never any concern about the shooter wearing an imprint of the front sight in his forehead .
That does not mean it 's a pussycat .
Make no mistake about it , this is not a handgun for the timid or the inexperienced .
In comparison tests , the lightest 500 load — the 275 - grain jacketed hollowpoint at 1665 - ft.- per- second ( fps ) velocity — produced a modest , but noticeable , increase in recoil levels over a S& W Model 629 .44 Magnum .
Anyone who is uncomfortable with the .44 Magnum will be decidedly uncomfortable with the 500 Magnum .
The 440 cast - lead load at 1625 fps raised the recoil bar significantly .
Muzzle rise still remained under 50° and placed little or no stress on the wrists , but the rearward thrust absorbed by the shooting hand began to become uncomfortable after 10 to 15 rounds .
A shooting glove would have mitigated some of that .
Still , considering that the projectile weight and velocity of this load is virtually identical to a 1 - ounce 12 - ga.
rifled lead shotgun slug — and that the 500 Magnum operates at over four times the pressure level of the slug — the recoil was less than expected .
We 'd say that Dirty Harry would certainly approve .
One of the more unusual aspects of the Model 500's creation is that S&W developed the cartridge first .
Only when the gunsmiths had the performance levels they wanted , did they design and build the revolver that would fire it .
The cartridge design was handled by Cor Bon of Sturgis , S.D. , which has extensive experience in that field .
The guidelines the company received were firm :
The bullet had to be precisely .50 - cal. , and the operating pressure could not exceed 50,000 psi .
It had to produce at least 2200 ft. - lb. of energy with its heavier loads , and the overall cartridge length could not exceed a certain figure .
According to Cor Bon , the task was easier than it sounds .
Research determined that no existing cartridge case would meet the specifications , so a completely new , straight - walled .50 - cal .
case , measuring 1.625 in. in length ( using standard large - pistol Magnum primers ) was designed and produced .
A pressure barrel was built , and the testing of powder and bullet combinations began .
It quickly became apparent that the energy requirements could easily be met , and at significantly lower pressures than the maximum allowed .
The search then turned to those specific bullets that would provide the best terminal performance .
That was done through actual hunting field tests and took almost a year .
The quest for the best bullets continues , but at press time Cor Bon was offering three effective loads .
The " light " load is a 275 - grain Barnes X copper hollowpoint bullet .
Muzzle velocity is 1665 fps and it produces 1668 ft. - lb. of energy .
It is more than adequate for any game up to and including elk .
A 400 - grain jacketed softpoint at 1675 fps and 2500 ft. - lb. of energy is available for larger game .
Those heading to Alaska , Africa or even Jurassic Park will want the 440 - grain hard - cast lead , gas checked , flat point load .
At 1625 fps and 2580 ft. - lb. of energy , it will handle anything a handgun hunter is likely to pursue .
A 385 - grain flat based spitzer load was to be available by press time .
Cor Bon says this may be the best all - around load for the 500 S&W .
Additional loads may well be more powerful .
There is enough room in the cartridge case and revolver cylinder to handle bullet weights up to 500 grains , which will make the Model 500 suitable for any game animal on Earth .
SPECIFICATIONS : 500 S&W Magnum
Caliber : .500 S&W Magnum
Barrel : 8 -3/8 in .
Capacity : 5 rounds
Front Sight : Interchangeable black blade
Rear Sight : Micrometer click - adjustable black blade
Grips : Hogue rubber , energy absorbing
Weight ( empty ) : 72.5 ounces
Material : Stainless steel
Finish : Satin stainless
Overall length : 15 in .
Other features : Internal key lock and recoil muzzle compensator
MSRP : $ 987
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Hearing from those effected most immediately by the Oil Spill .
Shot by Robert M. Young and Edward James Olmos on a trip to the heart of the oil spill in the Gulf .
Edited by Stephen Cohen .
Robert Young and I jumped on a plane and went to the Gulf of Mexico just to lend our support by documenting what we saw …
Well , the people that we met took up all of our time .
It was brutal !
I was not ready for the human aspect because no one had prepared me for it .
I thought they would be angry .
They are devastated .
Take a look at this video and see for yourself .
People are afraid to talk and you will learn why watching this …
Please pass it on , recommend it .
If you feel like doing something , just go down there ( anywhere on the Gulf ) and support by spending time and energy in the region .
They need our support .
Thank you for Caring .
Edward James Olmos
For More information on what some local organizations are doing on the ground go to :
http://SaveOurGulf.org
LOCALIZATION SERVICES INDIA
Localization involves customization ( and translation ) of your documents , letters , for any region or country , especially those which have different languages and culture .
Localization services usually involves website localization services , document localization services , and subtitle localization services to ensure that your content is locally and culturally acceptable to your target audience so as to bring you closer to them .
Localization services are a necessity to your market expansion endeavors , especially if the language and culture is different in the region .
It ensures ready acceptance of your products while enhancing the international image of your business .
Localization also involves eliminating any offensive colors , graphics , symbols , geographic significance , political leanings , etc. to ensures cultural acceptability by the target audience .
With CHL ’s localization service , your message and content will receive focused treatment and ensured high quality output be it from scientific , commercial , legal or any other domain .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Tom Cruise and Cameron Diaz keep the results of their track time secret
Film stars Tom Cruise and Cameron Diaz will appear on this weekend 's edition of Top Gear , the BBC has confirmed .
The duo , who are in the UK to promote their action - comedy film Knight and Day , will take part in the Star In A Reasonably Priced Car segment .
" We 've have never , ever had two bigger guests , " said a statement on the show 's official website .
" For the past week , the air in the office has been alive with a sort of sweaty - palmed excitement . "
Knight And Day will receive its UK premiere in London on Thursday night .
The movie , about a regular woman who becomes embroiled with a lethal secret agent , has fared badly in the US , where it has only made $ 70 m ( £ 59 m ) at the box office - compared to a reported budget of $ 117 m ( £ 76.5 m ) .
Reviews have been mixed , with the Wall Street Journal criticising its " unspecial effects " and Time Out branding the plot " smug and callous " .
Time Magazine , however , said the " slick , proficient " film was " proof that you should never count Cruise out " , despite a recent run of bad press .
Top Gear will be shown on BBC Two this Sunday , 25 July , at 2000 BST ( 1900 GMT ) .
July 22 , 2010
Jason Netek looks at the political situation in Venezuela - - and why international solidarity is key to furthering the process of workers ' power .
THE BOLIVARIAN Republic of Venezuela is the focal point of a political shift to the left that has affected most of the Latin American continent for just over a decade .
For years now , we have heard denunciations of the nation and its president , Hugo Chávez , from TV personalities like Glenn Beck and Pat Robertson to establishment figures like George W. Bush and Barack Obama , all of whom liken the nation to a military dictatorship .
It 's no good pointing out to these types that the U.S actually has propped up real military dictators in efforts to stave off leftist movements all across the continent .
They are fully aware .
They are hypocrites .
In contrast , from the left , we have often heard that Hugo Chavez himself is forging a " people 's revolution . "
The science of social transformation is not nearly so precise .
There is no such thing as emancipation by decree .
Revolution is far more complex and interesting than that .
Never in history did a great leader alter the conditions of society with a wave of a hand .
What makes revolution so beautiful and so difficult is that they are festivals of the oppressed .
Nothing changes until the masses decide to change things themselves .
The " Bolivarian process " in Venezuela is no exception .
In late April , I had the opportunity to travel with the Australia - Venezuela Solidarity Network on its May Day Brigade to Venezuela .
While we were only there for two weeks -- just long enough to scratch at the surface -- we had an intense program of constant activity and interaction with many activists in the heart of the struggle for their nation 's future .
Nothing was hidden from us .
Far from operating in a tourist - friendly bubble from some fancy hotel , the Solidarity Brigade endured the energy crisis and water shortages in the capital along with the citizens ; one Brigadista was robbed ; and all of us engaged in the deepest political conversations our Spanish skills would allow .
The Brigadistas experienced Venezuela with all its contradictions laid bare .
ALL MAJOR social questions have yet to be answered by the Bolivarian process .
The significant developments in social spending have not come at the expense of the elite .
At every turn , the government , dominated by the United Socialist Party of Venezuela ( PSUV ) , has attempted to go around , rather than through , the capitalist class .
Where food is too expensive , the state opens subsidized food centers .
In response to the energy crisis , government buildings operate with fewer light bulbs , while the shopping malls pump the air conditioning to such a degree that the lobbies could double as refrigerators .
When the government raises the minimum wage , retailers raise their prices .
Everywhere , there exists a duality of a movement and government that proclaim the necessity of socialism on one hand , and a powerful capitalist class gripping tightly to most of the economy and the culture of the nation on the other .
In some places , the Bolivarian revolutionary process is yielding positive results .
The Brigade was treated to a tour of the Fabricio Ojeda Endogenous Development Zone , which is home to several cooperative enterprises , and Barrio Adentro , which serves to provide cradle - to - grave health care for all citizens .
The cooperatives are all run on a similar basis : elected management , equal pay across the board , profit - sharing , and free ongoing education programs to assist all employees to develop management skills .
There are 108 endogenous zones across the nation .
Fabricio Ojeda provides work for 2,000 people .
Government - initiated programs get a lot of attention in the international press , but at the grassroots , there are even more inspiring developments .
At the newly christened Socialist Ceremaics Cooperative , where the workers recently won control after chasing management away and preventing a closure , Brigadistas were told : " The real revolution is about taking control of production . "
At the Reserve of Guayana , where residents from a nearby barrio occupied vacant land and built a community of their own , the elected representatives are now working with the state to obtain durable building materials and access to potable water .
" The old owner showed up and demanded rent , but he was tossed out , " said a beaming woman who sits in the community assembly .
Here truly is an example of popular power on display .
Perhaps the most outstanding example of where the process is moving forward is at the gigantic steelworks of Sidor , the site of one of the Brigade 's most politically valuable experiences .
Sidor was started as a public entity in 1953 , but was privatized in 1997 .
The plant has recently been renationalized after an arduous struggle led from inside the plant .
The 13,000 workers at Sidor have taken the call for " 21st century socialism " seriously , and nationalization is only the first step on a longer road to self - management .
The workers said : " We are not interested in state - capitalism but in socialism in the way that Karl Marx meant it . "
Since our Brigade has been back , the first elected managers of Sidor have been sworn in alongside those of 14 other primary industries in the region as part of the government 's " Plan Socialist Guayana . "
For all the talk from some radicals about the " labor - aristocracy " and its lack of political consciousness , the industrial workers at Sidor are in the lead on the most significant political issue in history : building socialism means building workers ' power .
The struggle at the plant is not over .
The old bosses sacked 8,000 employees , and there is a whole layer of contractors who are not fully employed at the plant .
Anyone who wishes to see the direction of the Bolivarian process should watch for developments at Sidor .
In glaring contrast to this rather inspiring manifestation of revolutionary spirit is the facility at Puerto De Palau on the Orinoco River .
This major facility is in the process of being nationalized , but is not yet even organized by a union .
The managers there see no reason for a union or any reason why someone would want to come and talk to the employees .
One can only imagine how they might feel about the specter of workers control .
The existence of a state firm without even the most elementary form of labor organization in a society that is officially " building socialism " should serve as a reminder that the Bolivarian process is uneven and the amount of work for the Venezuelan left is staggering in spite of its achievements .
VENEZUELA IS at the beginning of an era in which massive social transformations are taking place and the prospects for building a truly revolutionary movement are wide open .
They will not be open forever .
What is taking place in Venezuela shows that revolutionary ideas are more relevant now than ever before .
The people demonstrate over and over again that they are willing to mobilize and struggle , but the movement needs results .
As of July 2010 ( five years after the first call for " 21st century socialism " ) , the state and its armed forces are still institutions of a capitalist ruling class .
The main obstacles for social change are openly hostile ruling classes and bureaucrats who cloak themselves in progressive disguises to benefit from , and tamp down , the spirit of the social movements .
This is a widely recognized phenomenon .
Chavez himself regularly speaks about the need to combat the bureaucracy , but does not have a solution to the problem .
Two years after the movement suffered a setback by losing a major constitutional referendum , the challenge for the revolutionary left is still , as Lee Sustar described in SocialistWorker.org , " to reinvigorate activism and build organizations that can confront both the employers and bureaucratic and corrupt elements in the government that weaken the struggle . "
With the elections to the National Assembly looming in September , the movement will be faced with hard choices about the direction of the process .
It can be in the hands of administrators or in the hands of the masses .
The Solidarity Brigade that will be in action during the September elections will be visiting the country during what may very well be a turning point .
The decisive factor will be an independent working class armed with organization and political clarity .
Nothing takes places within a vacuum ; this is especially true in politics .
Developments in the process are being closely monitored by the big imperialist nations and by the manipulators of finance capital around the world .
The people of Venezuela have already defeated several destabilization attempts , including the world - famous coup and bosses lockout of 2002 , but there will be more .
International solidarity is essential for the peaceful development of the movement to set right the many historic injustices dealt out by foreign imperialism and domestic capitalism in Venezuela .
The comrades of the Australia - Venezuela Solidarity Network are at the forefront of this effort and deserve to be applauded .
Coming to a city near you
FOR decades the Great Lakes region has seen a slow ebb .
Factories have moved abroad or , more insulting , to the South .
Residents have fled to sunnier states .
But the lakes themselves remain ; and while much of America is regularly afflicted by drought , they hold enough water to submerge the entire country .
Now the Great Lakes states are reconsidering their main asset .
Water , the boosters say , will bring prosperity once more .
The first task is to protect the water itself .
Environmentalists raise the spectre of Central Asia 's Aral Sea , all but drained by Soviet irrigation projects .
Nightmares have been fed by radical plans such as a scheme in the 1990s to ship water to Asia .
More insidious threats include climate change and thirsty cities just beyond the Great Lakes Basin — death by 1,000 straws , according to Peter Annin 's “ The Great Lakes Water Wars ” .
An important protection came in 2008 , when George Bush signed the Great Lakes Compact .
This agreement bars new diversions beyond the Great Lakes Basin , with few exceptions .
Great Lakes states continue to have their own unique water problems , however .
Illinois is exempt from the Compact .
Since 1900 , when engineers reversed the flow of the Chicago river , Illinois has sent Lake Michigan water down the Mississippi to the Gulf of Mexico .
After decades of lawsuits , in 1967 the Supreme Court capped Illinois 's diversion at 2.1 billion gallons ( 8 billion litres ) of water each day .
The squabbling continues — most recently , Michigan tried to close the diversion to keep invading carp from reaching the lakes .
But the long - term challenge for Illinois is to stay within the Supreme Court 's limit as the population grows .
Twelve suburbs , a record , are asking for lake water .
As aquifers are drained , more suburbs beyond the basin will ask for it .
Planners are struggling to cut waste now to prevent scarcity later .
“ We see what appears to be this endless ocean of water , so I think we are spoiled , ” explains Tim Loftus of the Chicago Metropolitan Agency for Planning ( CMAP ) .
Chicago is trying to become more efficient , replacing leaky pipes and installing water meters .
In March CMAP recommended more than 240 measures to improve regional water management .
But there is little money to implement them .
Broader demands and hopes for water , meanwhile , are playing out just north of Chicago in Wisconsin .
The Compact will face its first test in Waukesha , west of Milwaukee .
Waukesha sits beyond the Great Lakes Basin , but its county straddles the basin 's border .
As The Economist went to press Waukesha was to become the first city beyond the basin to apply for lake water .
( The city promises to send treated water back . )
All eight Great Lakes states must approve the plan .
If Waukesha succeeds , predicts David Naftzger of the Council of Great Lakes Governors , other cities may set their straws on the lakes , too .
Milwaukee itself exemplifies the hope that water may not only support growth , but catalyse it .
Other cities want the lakes to attract new tourists and retired folk .
In Milwaukee a three - year - old Water Council , led by local businessmen , intends to make the city a “ World Water Hub ” for water technology ; the United Nations has already given it an official designation .
On May 13th Wisconsin 's governor approved $ 50 m for a new local graduate programme in freshwater science .
Another approach is less esoteric .
Milwaukee wants to raise water rates for existing customers to support its cash - strapped water supplier .
( Milwaukee 's water would still remain some of America 's cheapest , though . )
The city may also lower rates for new companies , a bid to lure some of the water - guzzling industries , like brewing , which once helped Milwaukee thrive .
If residents from parched states follow , so much the better .
Locals are squabbling over the plans .
The sunbelt would love to have such fights .
Unemployment at 4.3 % ?
That 's not a misprint :
Ames is the home of Iowa State University , which employs 9,000 , and there are lots of biotech and agriculture jobs nearby .
Like many states , Iowa has trimmed university funding , but the school has not had to make drastic cuts .
If the people who live here get bored , they have only themselves to blame .
Besides Iowa State 's cultural and athletic offerings , Ames boasts 36 parks , a bustling shopping district , and a new aquatic center .
Sports are big in this town :
The high school boys basketball team , girls tennis team , and girls golf team are state champions .
But the friendliness of the community is what newcomers tend to remark upon most .
Says Craig McFarland , 55 , a financial adviser who moved here with his family in 2006 : " Our first day , a neighbor came over with cookies . "
-- Anne Lee
By By John Rickman Nov 17 , 2007 in Health
They were planning to start a new life in a new country but Rowan Trezise , age 33 , has been told by the government of New Zealand that she and her husband may have to look elsewhere for a place to live , because she is too fat to be allowed into the county British woman banned from entering New Zealand because she is too fat More Mrs .
Trezise however has not met the goal set for her and is therefore bared .
The couple were informed that New Zealand bars overweight people because of the potential burden they pose to the national health care system .
According to New Zealand Robyn Toomath , spokesman of " Fight the Obesity Epidemic " a New Zealand organization dealing with the problems posed by overweight people : " The immigration department can't afford to import people who are going to be a significant drain on our health resources .
" You can see the logic in assessing if there is a significant health cost associated with this individual and that would be a reason for them not coming in . "
New Zealand ’s Immigration Service has not said how many people have been bared from entering the country due to their weight but according to the Emigrate New Zealand website that number is fairly high .
Unless Rowan Trezise can shed the weight by Christmas the couple say they will abandon their plans to relocate to New Zealand .
Although both husband and wife were too fat for admittance when they first applied Mr. Trezise , a submarine cable specialist who was once a member of the British Army , has managed to shed two inches from his waistline thereby meeting the standards set for a work visa .
Mrs. Trezise however has not met the goal set for her and is therefore bared .
The couple were informed that New Zealand bars overweight people because of the potential burden they pose to the national health care system .
According to New Zealand Robyn Toomath , spokesman of " Fight the Obesity Epidemic " a New Zealand organization dealing with the problems posed by overweight people : New Zealand ’s Immigration Service has not said how many people have been bared from entering the country due to their weight but according to the Emigrate New Zealand website that number is fairly high .
Unless Rowan Trezise can shed the weight by Christmas the couple say they will abandon their plans to relocate to New Zealand .
More about New Zealand , Immigration , Fat new zealand immigration fat
Bubble or not , the NYC tech industry is blowing up .
It seems every day there is a new NYC tech startup being talked about .
Foursquare , Hunch , Gilt Group , Boxee , Square – they are reshaping and creating entire industries .
The energy and excitement is incredible .
If you have any finger on the pulse of NYC tech , it ’s impossible to avoid the impression that there is a major sea change going on .
Naturally , there is also a growing awareness among college students of tech startups in NYC .
Yet despite all of the attention , the mindshare of top college students is still overwhelmingly owned by the giants of Wall Street and corporate consulting .
Let ’s examine why .
I believe the biggest obstacle in NYC tech ’s battle for students ’ hearts and minds is a combination of the prestige factor and the common uncertainty among students of what to do with their lives .
For many people , but especially for students at top schools , respect and admiration from peers rank very highly .
This is n’t surprising at all – most of these kids have spent their lives performing better than their classmates and being praised for it .
When you ’re constantly receiving approval for being at the top , that sort of attention takes a lot of priority in your career aspirations .
Prestige becomes a prime motivator .
This effect is amplified when students find themselves unsure of what careers they should pursue .
In the absence of a calling , so to speak , chasing prestige is an easy default .
In New York , money is the most direct proxy for prestige and one of the surest paths to riches is working on Wall Street or in consulting .
The convenient thing about both is that you do n’t need to be a business major or an Excel jockey to get a job in those fields .
Often times , sufficient academic pedigree and sharp interview skills are all you need .
For directionless students , the allure is undeniable .
As a result , droves of fresh graduates from top schools move into their shoebox Manhattan apartments every summer with starry - eyes and the expectation of making it big in the concrete jungle .
There is a certain sense of pride in many of their voices when they say , “ I work for Goldman Sachs / McKinsey . ”
At schools like Penn , one is often left with the impression that obtaining a job in finance / consulting is the ultimate goal .
The indoctrination and herd mentality there is overwhelming and sadly , I too fell prey to it for quite some time .
But with jobs that are commonly described as soul - crushing , what are the costs involved ?
I ’ve spoken to managing directors and partners that are at the top of their totem polls , but still wonder what their true callings are .
Sure , they are well respected and have built materially comfortable lives , but there is a palpable sense of emptiness in their careers .
I do n’t think this is a rare occurrence .
It ’s not hard to imagine that many graduates are on that path today .
We have a population that is high on material wealth but low on fulfillment .
I ’m convinced that this is not what these people really envisioned their lives to be .
It does n’t have to be this way .
During my time at Penn , I met tons of people with boundless talent and creativity .
These are people with the raw ability to change the world in huge ways .
Yet when they see their peers interviewing with Goldman Sachs and notice the sea of navy blue suits shuffling across campus every year , it ’s hard to resist the herd mentality .
Worse yet , they are simply not aware that they have far more options in their careers !
As a result , there is a huge funnel for value extractors but what we really need are builders .
As Charlie O’Donnell points out , the startup world has to increase visibility and awareness , especially in the face of the NYC corporate recruiting machine .
My message to college students and those currently on Wall St / Big Name Consulting : take some time and seriously consider your options .
A career in finance / consulting is highly lucrative and will open many doors for you , but be honest with yourself and ponder if it will lead to an ultimately fulfilling life .
How you define “ fulfilling ” is up to you , but if it overlaps at all with using your talent to build something valuable , on your own terms , then consider founding or joining a startup .
You have so much potential to do something great ; Goldman Sachs can live without you .
Note : I ’m friends with many people in finance and consulting and spent some time in the latter as well .
Yes , I make sweeping generalizations here .
Yes , there are plenty of people that genuinely enjoy these fields .
And yes , there is some value generated by them , though arguably more in consulting than finance .
But all else being equal , I believe startups provide greater net - net benefits for both the founders / employees as well as society .
Related posts :
The Wudang Mountains also known as Wu Tang Shan or simply Wudang , are a small mountain range in the Hubei province of China , just to the south of the manufacturing city of Shiyan .
The monasteries and buildings were made a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1994 .
The Golden Hall ( Jindian or Jinding ) , situated at the top of Tianzhu Peak ( 1612 m ) , is one of the most distinctive landmarks in Wudangshan .
Built entirely of gilded copper ( an incredible 20 tons of fine copper , and 300 kilograms of gold ) , the hall is one of the biggest gilded copper temples in China .
General Motor 's Joint - Venture partner in China , Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation ( SAIC ) rolled out a concept alongside GM 's EN - V at Expo 2010 which in many ways is more ground - breaking than the EN - V .
The idea behind the YeZ Concept is that it will photosynthesize , absorbing carbon dioxide from surrounding air and emitting oxygen back into the atmosphere .
Among the many futuristic aspects of the YeZ ( Chinese for “ leaf ” as Nissan already uses the name for a clever green concept that is heading for production ) is a roof that incorporates solar panels and wheels that incorporate small wind turbines to harvest energy from the environment .
And if you think this is not within reach by 2030 , think again – artificial photosynthesis has proven elusive , but there 's every indication it will be a commercial reality within two decades .
SAIC and GM share an impressive pavilion at Expo 2010 in Shanghai and as with many World Expos prior to this one , the share and functionality of what we 'll be driving 20 plus years is being envisioned on the General Motors stand .
GM first participated in a world Expo in 1931 and its futuristic visions are this time set in the year 2030 .
So although we 're totally sold on the EN - V , we also acknowledge that the functionality of the YeZ is probably going to be more than viable twenty years from now , albeit without SAIC 's optimism that the car wo n't need to be plugged in .
Not much info has been made available in the YeZ , but SAIC claims it will “ work during both sunny and overcast days while also being able to leverage wind power ” , enabling “ mobility with zero greenhouse gas emissions . ”
Unless solar panel efficiency evolves massively in the next two decades , we expect the YeZ will have a regular appointment at the powerpoint , but heh , that is n't all that bad .
At least when you 're producing bulk electricity in one spot , you 're able to ensure the resultant emissions are appropriately handled .
We 're on GM 's case to get more detail on the story , and will report further on the YeZ in the near future .
Update – full press release below plus more pics in the gallery .
SAIC Press Release
SAIC - made concept vehicle “ YeZ ” made its amazing global premiere at the SAIC - GM pavilion
The concept vehicle “ YeZ ” , which was independently developed by SAIC , made its world debut at the SAIC - GM Pavilion on the media day , April 11 , 2010 .
Incorporating into itself such natural energy converting technological concepts as photoelectric conversion , wind power conversion and carbon dioxide absorption and conversion , the electric powered “ YeZ ” became the focus of attention in the auto pavilion .
By virtue of its outstanding concepts of “ energy conversion ” and “ negative emission ” , during the Expo “ YeZ ” will be put on display in the low carbon area of the Chinese National Pavilion as a representative of China 's new energy vehicles , inspiring people to continuously explore for clean and sustainable new automotive energies .
A breakthrough in the environmental protection conceptSince the convocation of the Copenhagen Conference on Global Climate , people have paid much more attention to how to achieve sustainable economic development on the “ green and low carbon ” basis .
SAIC Group has been actively advocating the green environmental concept whereby man , vehicle and Nature co-exist and develop in a harmonious manner .
The research and development of the concept vehicle “ YeZ ” is just a manifestation of SAIC Group 's social responsibility .
The designing inspiration of “ YeZ ” comes from people 's good wish that means of transport , such as buses , cars , etc. might incorporate itself into the urban ecological environment , and breathe together with Nature and return to Nature .
“ We hope that it is possible for man , vehicle and Nature to blend into one by 2030 , and achieve a truly harmonious co-existence between man and Nature , ” Dr. Liu Qihua of SAIC 's Shanghai Automotive Technical Center said to the journalist .
Innovative energy conversion technology
The design of the concept vehicle “ YeZ ” takes electricity as its main source of power , and the technical core is the natural energy conversion technology , which includes the photoelectric conversion technology , wind power conversion technology and carbon dioxide absorption and conversion technology .
The huge leaf on the roof of the “ YeZ ” is an efficient photoelectric converter , which absorbs solar energy and converts it into electricity , and is able to show the flow of energy by means of visible “ veins ” .
What is worth mentioning in particular is the solar tracking system , where the solar crystal films on the leaf are able to rotate towards the sun for higher efficiency of solar energy collection .
The bio - based features enable the “ YeZ ” to co-exist with Nature harmoniously .
The four wheels of the “ YeZ ” are four wind power generators .
Dissipated wind power is captured and converted into electric power , which is filled and stored into the vehicle battery to become an ancillary electric driving system , and thus new energy is made full use of to the maximum .
The body of the “ YeZ ” is made of MOFs , which is able to absorb carbon dioxide .
Simulating green plants , it captures carbon dioxide and water molecules in the air , releases electrons under the action of microorganisms , and generates electric current .
The bio - fuel cell then recharge the lithium battery with the generated electricity , and the vehicle is driven by electric motor .
In addition , it is also able to convert via the laser generator the high concentration carbon dioxide which is discharged during photoelectric conversion into electricity for vehicular lighting , or into vehicular A/C refrigerant .
This helps to achieve not only “ zero emission ” , but also “ negative emission ” , so that the air is cleaned , the green house effect is alleviated and the natural environment is improved .
“ YeZ ” , harmony between vehicle and Nature The coming into being of the concept vehicle “ YeZ ” redefines the relationship between vehicle and Nature that vehicle constitutes a link in the natural cycle chain , and depicts a wonderful scene of harmonious coexistence between vehicle and Nature .
The “ YeZ ” hopes to provide people with means of travel that is more environmentally friendly , whereby cities will no longer be troubled by vehicle emissions and consumption of fuel or energy .
Vehicles running on entirely new energies , such as fuel cell vehicles and electric vehicles , render cities cleaner , the air fresher and the sky bluer than ever before .
As if it were a mobile plant , the “ YeZ ” breathes and co-exists with Nature .
It will be a major highlight in the “ Green Expo ” .
The “ YeZ ” will be used by man to protect Nature today , to coexist with Nature and development the world more economically , and to write the traffic chapter in more harmonious languages .
It is learned that the concept vehicle “ YeZ ” will be put on display in the SAIC - GM Pavilion during the Expo .
Visitors from all over the world will be able to experience in the auto pavilion the clean and pollution - free environment brought about by new energy technologies , and get to know SAIC 's latest R&D development in the application of new energies , as well as the exploration of automotive traffic tendency .
As an active practitioner in industrializing new energy vehicles in China , SAIC Motor will provide Expo 2010 with almost a thousand new energy vehicles , including pure electric vehicles , super capacitor vehicles , fuel cell vehicles and hybrid vehicles .
The application and demonstration of nearly a thousand new energy vehicles will become a major highlight of the Shanghai World Expo 2010 .
Operation of high intensity and for a long time is very demanding to the Expo new energy vehicles on their safety , reliability and riding comfort .
In accordance with the requirements for vehicle running during the Expo , SAIC Motor has developed and manufactured new energy vehicles that are reliable in performance and leading in technology , so as to help the Expo achieve the green traffic objective of “ zero emission in the Expo Sites and low emission around them ” .
Afghanistan 's Kabul Basin Faces Dry and Thirsty Future
A combination of higher temperatures due to global warming and the increasing demands of a larger population is predicted to stress the basin 's water .
These are the findings of a new study conducted by the U.S. Geological Survey in collaboration with the Afghanistan Geological Survey , a division of the Afghanistan Ministry of Mines , and the Afghanistan Ministry of Energy and Water .
" Training with USGS scientists has helped our engineers to modernize their skills and improve their capabilities , " said Afghanistan Geological Survey Director Mohammed Omar .
" Our engineers are using these improvements as they monitor groundwater levels and water quality in the Kabul Basin . "
Community water pump in Kabul .
( Photo by Moslih )
Results of the multidisciplinary water resources assessment conducted between 2005 and 2007 were released this week .
Over the next 50 years , the researchers estimate that drinking water needs in Afghanistan 's Kabul Basin will increase sixfold due to population growth as refugees return .
At the same time , future water resources in the basin will be reduced as a result of increasing air temperatures associated with global climate change .
In some areas of the basin , such as in the north along the western mountain front and near major rivers , water resources are generally adequate for current needs .
In the east and away from major rivers , the available water resources may not meet future needs .
" Investigating water resources in a country affected by war and civil strife , which have left a more than 20 - year gap in the scientific record , is challenging , " said Thomas Mack , USGS scientist and lead author on the report .
Most hydrologic and climatic data collection in Afghanistan were interrupted in the early 1980s as a consequence of war and civil strife and did not resume until 2003 or later .
" However , " Mack said , " our collaborative investigation and the USGS 's capacity - building efforts help empower our Afghan colleagues to manage their resources and their future . "
Refuse fouls the Kabul River as it flows through Afghanistan 's capital city .
( Photo by Stefan in Kabul )
Although there is uncertainty associated with climate change projections , Mack said that the warming trends forecast for southwest Asia would likely result in adverse changes to recharge patterns and further stresses on limited water resources .
The Kabul River , which passes through the capital , Kabul , is little more than a trickle for most of the year , but swells in summer due to melting snows .
Groundwater in the basin's less widely used deep aquifer may supply future needs , yet the sustainability of this resource for large withdrawals , such as agricultural uses , is uncertain .
The study also warned that contamination Kabul 's in shallow drinking water sources also is a concern .
" Water resources in the Kabul Basin are a critical issue for both the people of Afghanistan and U.S. military personnel serving there , " said USGS Director Dr. Marcia McNutt .
" The work the USGS has done in providing insight about the water situation in the basin can help with future water - resource planning and management efforts and can be applied to other areas of Afghanistan , " she said .
In conducting this study , researchers used remotely sensed data and , where available , historical records to investigate the water resources of the Kabul Basin .
They integrated recently acquired remotely sensed data and satellite imagery , including glacier and climatic data with recent climate change analyses , geologic investigations and analysis of streamflow data .
Groundwater and surface water quality data , including data on chemical and isotopic environmental tracers , were collected .
Finally , estimates of public - supply and agricultural water uses were integrated to provide a comprehensive overview of water resources in the basin .
Click here to read the full report , " Conceptual Model of Water Resources in the Kabul Basin , Afghanistan . "
The report was prepared under the auspices of the U.S. Agency for International Development .
Anyone still invested in BP should pray this does n't pass : a 7 - year ban on new US offshore leases .
WSJ :
A House panel on Wednesday voted to ban BP PLC ( BP , BP.LN ) from obtaining new offshore leases or drilling permits for as many as seven years if the company winds up paying substantial civil penalties and criminal fines in connection with a prolonged oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
The bill was introduced by Rep George Miller ( D - Calif ) , an ally of Nancy Pelosi and former chairman of the natural resources committee .
He 's a top Democrat , but that does n't mean this provocative bill will pass .
A US offshore ban would devastate BP , which earlier this year named the Gulf as its key growth region .
Earlier this week , President Obama sent a letter to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi formally asking for $ 600 million in additional border security spending to fund 1,000 additional Border Patrol agents , 160 additional ICE agents , two unmanned aircraft systems , extra Border Patrol canine teams and improved infrastructure along the Southwest Border .
In a tandem move today , Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) Secretary Janet Napolitano announced several new DHS initiatives to bolster security along the Southwest border .
Although Secretary Napolitano trumpeted DHS ’s new border initiatives as well as past achievements , she also acknowledged that the border can never be hermetically sealed and that stalling immigration reform by highlighting border security issues is not the answer to our immigration problems .
At a Center for Strategic and International Studies panel discussion today , Secretary Napolitano laid out several new border security initiatives , including :
New partnerships between DHS and state and local law enforcement , specifically the Major Cities Chiefs Association , which allows non-border local law enforcement to partner with other agencies at the border
New information sharing capabilities between law enforcement on the border and DHS and DOJ information systems , improved fusion centers across the border and a new “ suspicious activities ” reporting program
Improved technology ( i.e. unmanned aircraft systems ) , more Border Patrol Agents and ICE investigators at the border and “ Project Roadrunner , ” a new partnership with the Office of National Drug Control Policy that reads license plates to target drug traffickers
Expansion of the Joint Criminal Alien Removal Taskforce and the deployment of more ICE officers in an effort to prioritize dangerous criminal aliens in state and local jails
Increased joint training programs with Mexican law enforcement agencies that focus on money laundering and human trafficking
While it may not be a coincidence that these new border initiatives come at a time when “ securing the border ” is playing a central role in the national immigration debate — both in mid-term election campaigning and as states ( like Arizona , Nebraska , etc. ) pass restrictive immigration measures —
Secretary Napolitano herself admits that securing the border alone wo n’t fix our immigration problems .
We think these resources we ’ve asked for matter because they will augment the efforts that have been underway over the past years and accelerated over the past 18 months .
The plain fact of the matter is the border is as secure now as it ’s ever been , but we know we can always do more .
And that will always be the case .
It ’s a big border — 1,960 miles across that Southwest border .
It ’s some of the roughest toughest geographical terrain in the world .
The notion that you ’re going to seal that border somehow is something that anybody who ’s been involved in the actual “ doing of law enforcement ” — the front line work of law enforcement — would say that you ’re never going to seal that border … recognizing also that there ’s a lot of trade and commerce we want going back and forth .
Mexico , for 22 of our states , is our number one or two trading partner .
But [ these measures ] will make our border even more secure and we will keep evolving as indeed border threats keep evolving .
But the notion that you ’re going to somehow seal the border and only at that point will you discuss immigration reform , that is not an answer to the problem .
Similarly , local law enforcement realizes that enforcing federal immigration laws is a big problem — not only for want of scarce resources , but also because chasing non-violent immigrants erodes trust between police and the local community .
Robert L. Davis , Chief of Police in San Jose and President of the Major Cities Chiefs Associations , points out that enforcing immigration laws is a matter of resource and priority :
Clearly what we would like to see in terms of local law enforcement , specifically from the Major Cities Chiefs Association representing the largest cities in the country , is comprehensive immigration reform .
As the Secretary mentioned earlier , we ’ll end up with 50 separate state laws which would be a huge problem .
Again , keep in mind , local law enforcement across this country is being squeezed .
We ’re [ San Jose ] the 10th largest city in the country .
We ’re talking about cutting our patrol forces by 80 % by August .
What do you , as local community members , want local law enforcement and police to be doing ?
Do you want us focusing on robberies , sexual assaults , domestic violence , burglaries , and traffickers ?
Or do you want us to focus our resources on minor immigration violations ?
The bottom line is that we can keep throwing money and resources at the border , but without immigration reform , as Secretary Napolitano and Chief Davis point out , we as a country are not going to solve our immigration problems .
Yes , border security is and should be a priority for DHS , but “ secure the borders first ” as a solution to our immigration problems without reform makes for better politicking than it does policy .
Seth Hoy
Republished with permission from Immigration Impact .
Photo by Warriorwriter .
On September 21 , in San Francisco , we will be celebrating the work of the 2016 Pioneer Award winners : Malkia Cyril , Max Schrems , the authors of the “ Keys Under Doormats , " and California State Senators Mark Leno ( D - San Francisco ) and Joel Anderson ( R - Alpine ) .
The celebration will include drinks , bytes , and excellent company .
Join us !
We are proud to present awards to this year 's winners :
Malkia Cyril Trailblazing Digital Rights Activist Max Schrems Tireless Data Protection Activist Authors of Keys Under Doormats Groundbreaking Encryption Researchers Senators Mark Leno and Joel Anderson CalECPA
Champions
We are also happy to welcome this year ’s keynote speaker , award - winning investigative journalist Julia Angwin , whose work on corporate invasions of privacy has uncovered the myriad ways companies collect and control personal information .
**
Online ticket sales for this event have ended .
However , tickets will be available at the door .
** Tickets are $ 65 for current EFF members and $ 75 for general admission .
EFF established the Pioneer Awards in 1992 to recognize leaders on the electronic frontier who are extending freedom and innovation in the realm of information technology .
The awards celebrate those who have contributed substantially to the health , growth , accessibility , or freedom of computer - based communications .
Their contributions may be technical , social , legal , academic , economic , or cultural .
This year ’s Pioneers will join an esteemed group of past award winners that includes late visionary activist Aaron Swartz , Tunisian citizen media community Nawaat.org , and open - source pioneer Limor " Ladyada " Fried , among many remarkable journalists , entrepreneurs , public interest attorneys , and others .
More about the 2016 Pioneer Award winners
Malkia Cyril
Malkia A. Cyril is the founder and executive director of the Center for Media Justice and co-founder of the Media Action Grassroots Network , a national network of community - based organizations working to ensure racial and economic justice in a digital age .
Cyril is one of few leaders of color in the movement for digital rights and freedom , and a leader in the Black Lives Matter Network — helping to bring important technical safeguards and surveillance countermeasures to people across the country who are fighting to reform systemic racism and violence in law enforcement .
Cyril is also a prolific writer and public speaker on issues ranging from net neutrality to the communication rights of prisoners .
Their comments have been featured in publications like Politico , Motherboard , and Essence Magazine , as well as three documentary films .
Cyril is a Prime Movers fellow , a recipient of the 2012 Donald H. McGannon Award for work to advance the roles of women and people of color in the media reform movement , and won the 2015 Hugh Hefner 1st Amendment Award for framing net neutrality as a civil rights issue .
Max Schrems
Max Schrems is a data protection activist , lawyer , and author whose lawsuits over U.S. companies ’ handling of European Union citizens ’ personal information have changed the face of international data privacy .
Since 2011 he has worked on the enforcement of EU data protection law , arguing that untargeted wholesale spying by the U.S. government on Internet communications undermines the EU ’s strict data protection standards .
One lawsuit that reached the European Court of Justice led to the invalidation of the “ Safe Harbor ” agreement between the U.S. and the EU , forcing governments around the world to grapple with the conflict between U.S. government surveillance practices and the privacy rights of citizens around the world .
Another legal challenge is a class action lawsuit with more than 25,000 members currently pending at the Austrian Supreme Court .
Schrems is also the founder of “ Europe v Facebook , ” a group that pushes for social media privacy reform at Facebook and other companies , calling for data collection minimization , opt - in policies instead of opt-outs , and transparency in data collection .
Keys Under Doormats
The “ Keys Under Doormats ” report has been central to grounding the current encryption debates in scientific realities .
Published in July of 2015 , it emerged just as calls to break encryption with “ backdoors ” or other access points for law enforcement were becoming pervasive in Congress , but before the issue came into the global spotlight with the FBI ’s efforts against Apple earlier this year .
“ Keys Under Doormats ” both reviews the underlying technical considerations of the earlier encryption debate of the 1990s and examines the modern systems realities , creating a compelling , comprehensive , and scientifically grounded argument to protect and extend the availability of encrypted digital information and communications .
The authors of the report are all security experts , building the case that weakening encryption for surveillance purposes could never allow for any truly secure digital transactions .
The “ Keys Under Doormats ” authors are Harold Abelson , Ross Anderson , Steven M. Bellovin , Josh Benaloh , Matt Blaze , Whitfield Diffie , John Gilmore , Matthew Green , Susan Landau , Peter G. Neumann , Ronald L. Rivest , Jeffrey I. Schiller , Bruce Schneier , Michael Specter , and Daniel J. Weitzner .
Work on the report was coordinated by the MIT Internet Policy Research Initiative .
Senators Mark Leno and Joel Anderson
CalECPA — the California Electronic Communications Privacy
Act — is a landmark law that safeguards privacy and free speech rights .
CalECPA requires that a California government entity gets a warrant to search electronic devices or compel access to any electronic information , like email , text messages , documents , metadata , and location information — whether stored on the electronic device itself or online in the “ cloud . ”
CalECPA gave California the strongest digital privacy law in the nation and helps prevent abuses before they happen .
In many states without this protection , police routinely claim the authority to search sensitive electronic information about who we are , where we go , and what we do — without a warrant .
CalECPA was introduced by California State Senators Mark Leno ( D - San Francisco ) and Joel Anderson ( R - Alpine ) , who both fought for years to get stronger digital privacy protections for Californians .
Leno has been a champion of improved transportation , renewable energy , and equal rights for all , among many other issues .
Anderson regularly works across party lines to protect consumer privacy in the digital world .
Special thanks to Airbnb , Dropbox , O'Reilly Media , No Starch Press , and Adobe for supporting EFF and the 2016 Pioneer Awards ceremony .
Get your tickets now !
For more information about the Pioneer Awards , please contact nicole@eff.org .
It was n’t really much of a choice for her .
Her boyfriend said , “ If I find out you have an abortion , I ’m gonna kill you . ”
She was 18 , had just gotten into college on a full scholarship and did n’t want to have a baby .
She did have the baby .
Her boyfriend attended the delivery against her will and she ran away from him a few days after the birth .
Unfortunately , her story is not that unusual .
“ Women with a history of intimate partner violence ( IPV ) are also likely to experience male reproductive control , ” says Ann Moore , senior research associate at the Guttmacher Institute .
“ Male reproductive control is a form of intimate partner violence that has traditionally not been an area that we define as a type of abuse . ”
She looked at the woman who was forced to have a baby as part of a study of IPV [ PDF ] .
It defined male reproductive control as when a woman ’s partner imposes his reproductive intentions on her through intimidation , threats or actual violence .
That also includes women who want to have children but are threatened with violence if they do not terminate their pregnancies .
One woman in the study was warned , “ If you do n’t get it done , I ’m throwing you down the steps … ” That 21 - year old woman thought , “ If it does n’t get done [ by a doctor ] , he ’s going to do it , and I do n’t want that to be done . ”
She got an abortion even though it was n’t her choice .
Women who are coerced into abortions are the ones anti-choice forces have seized upon in their drive to restrict abortions out of existence , but they shift the blame from abusive and controlling men to abortion providers .
“ They have tried to paint a picture of abortion providers as trying to coerce women into having abortions .
There is no evidence of that occurring , ” says Stephanie Toti , staff attorney in the U.S. Legal Program at the Center for Reproductive Rights .
Several states have tried to require signs in reproductive care clinics that read , “ No one can coerce you to have an abortion . ”
While this does n’t sound bad it could have consequences that are n’t immediately apparent .
Signage laws fail to address abusive husbands , boyfriends or others who would still be able to threaten physical harm to women who insist on having abortions .
These laws also fail to criminalize the act of forcing a woman to give birth .
Women do n’t need signs .
They need practical solutions that address real problems , not the myths created by the anti-choice forces .
We have a responsibility to help women who find themselves in these coercive relationships .
Any ideas of what to do ?
Image courtesy of http://www.flickr.com/photos/tristaemlet/4089225446/.
DOMESTIC VIOLENCE AND REPRODUCTIVE CONTROL
der wasserkocher den wir in der küche stehen haben war glaube ich ziemlich billig .
wenn man ihn etwas zu voll macht , kocht er über .
das ist OK , weil irgendwann weiss man , dass man ihn nicht zu voll machen sollte .
ist aber auch doof , wenn man ihn dann doch zu voll macht und ihn sich selber überlässt .
so wie ich das heute früh gemacht habe .
als ich wieder in die küche kam , machte die den eindruck eines türkischen dampfbades .
der wasserkocher hatte die hälfte des wassers ausgespuckt und den rest sorgfältig in die küche gedampft .
ausserdem stank er ein bisschen nach plastik , weil er leer war , aber noch heizte .
das überzeugte mich und die beifahrerin heute einen neuen wasserkocher zu kaufen .
heute abend im saturn standen wir dann vor einem 100 meter langen regal mit wasserkochern im preisrahmen von 10 bis 150 euro .
ein wasserkocher für 130 euro hatte es uns besonders angetan , weil er tasten hatte , mit denen man die wassertemperatur einstellen konnte , in vier schritten von 40 bis 100 grad .
der wasserkocher sah auch toll aus , aber das kind holte uns auf den boden der tatsachen zurück : „ ihr seid doch bekloppt 130 euro für nen wasserkocher auszugeben ! “
die anderen wasserkocher sahen entweder doof aus , hatten klapprige deckel , bescheuertes retro-design , labriges knöpfchen , wackelten oder kosteten auch so um die 80 , 90 euro .
eine verkäuferin die nach 10 minuten mal vorbeitrottelte beantwortete uns missmutig zwei fragen und zog dann wieder ab und zog die kabel der wasserkocher wieder straff und räumte auf .
„ guck doch mal bei amazon “ meinte die beifahrerin .
gute idee , vor allem da das suchergebnis nach „ wasserkocher “ genau das lieferte , was die verkäuferin uns vorenthielt , eine eindeutige empfehlung .
den philips wasserkocher für 55 euro hatten wir bis jetzt übersehen .
und siehe da , er hatte auch temperaturregler , einen guten stand , einen soliden deckel und sah nicht völlig scheisse aus .
bei saturn kostete er allerdings kanpp 15 euro mehr , 69 und ein paar zerquetschte euro .
mal den verkäufer fragen der gerade mit ein paar anderen kunden redete , [ warten ] , ob man an dem preis vielleicht was machen könne .
saturn hasst ja angeblich teuer .
zehn , acht euro abschlag und wir hätten das überteuerte ding gleich mitgenommen .
die antwort war dann aber doch überraschend : auf internet - preise könne er nicht eingehen .
nicht einen euro wollte er vom preis runtergehen .
was mich dann sehr befriedigte , war dass ich meinem kaufimpuls trotzdem sofort und sehr bequem nachgehen konnte und den wasserkocher knapp 25 % günstiger am wasserkocherregal von saturn bei amazon .de bestellte .
scheint so , als hasse saturn nicht teuer , sondern billig .
oder hasst saturn das internet ?
Published online 26 May 2010 | Nature 465 , 412-415 ( 2010 ) | doi:10.1038/465412a
News Feature
Can the science of deception detection help to catch terrorists ?
Sharon Weinberger takes a close look at the evidence for it .
In August 2009 , Nicholas George , a 22 - year - old student at Pomona College in Claremont , California , was going through a checkpoint at Philadelphia International Airport when he was pulled aside for questioning .
As the Transportation Security Administration ( TSA ) employees searched his hand luggage , they chatted with him about innocuous subjects , such as whether he'd watched a recent game .
Inside George 's bag , however , the screeners found flash cards with Arabic words — he was studying Arabic at Pomona — and a book they considered to be critical of US foreign policy .
That led to more questioning , this time by a TSA supervisor , about George 's views on the terrorist attacks on 11 September 2001 .
Eventually , and seemingly without cause , he was handcuffed by Philadelphia police , detained for four hours , and questioned by Federal Bureau of Investigation agents before being released without charge .
George had been singled out by behaviour - detection officers : TSA screeners trained to pick out suspicious or anomalous behaviour in passengers .
There are about 3,000 of these officers working at some 161 airports across the United States , all part of a four - year - old programme called Screening Passengers by Observation Technique ( SPOT ) , which is designed to identify people who could pose a threat to airline passengers .
It remains unclear what the officers found anomalous about George 's behaviour , and why he was detained .
The TSA 's parent agency , the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) , has declined to comment on his case because it is the subject of a federal lawsuit that was filed on George 's behalf in February by the American Civil Liberties Union .
But the incident has brought renewed attention to a burgeoning controversy : is it possible to know whether people are being deceptive , or planning hostile acts , just by observing them ?
Some people seem to think so .
At London 's Heathrow Airport , for example , the UK government is deploying behaviour - detection officers in a trial modelled in part on SPOT .
And in the United States , the DHS is pursuing a programme that would use sensors to look at nonverbal behaviours , and thereby spot terrorists as they walk through a corridor .
The US Department of Defense and intelligence agencies have expressed interest in similar ideas .
Yet a growing number of researchers are dubious — not just about the projects themselves , but about the science on which they are based .
" Simply put , people ( including professional lie- catchers with extensive experience of assessing veracity ) would achieve similar hit rates if they flipped a coin , " noted a 2007 report1 from a committee of credibility - assessment experts who reviewed research on portal screening .
" No scientific evidence exists to support the detection or inference of future behaviour , including intent , " declares a 2008 report prepared by the JASON defence advisory group .
And the TSA had no business deploying SPOT across the nation 's airports " without first validating the scientific basis for identifying suspicious passengers in an airport environment " , stated a two - year review of the programme released on 20 May by the Government Accountability Office ( GAO ) , the investigative arm of the US Congress .
In response to such concerns , the TSA has commissioned an independent study that it hopes will produce evidence to show that SPOT works , and the DHS is promising rigorous peer review of its technology programme .
For critics , however , this is too little , too late .
The writing 's on the face
Most credibility - assessment researchers agree that humans are demonstrably poor at face - to - face lie detection .
SPOT traces its intellectual roots to the small group of researchers who disagree — perhaps the most notable being Paul Ekman , now an emeritus professor of psychology at the University of California Medical School in San Francisco .
In the 1970s , Ekman co-developed the ' facial action coding system ' for analysing human facial expressions , and has since turned it into a methodology for teaching people how to link those expressions to a variety of hidden emotions , including an intent to deceive .
He puts particular emphasis on ' microfacial ' expressions such as a tensing of the lips or the raising of the brow — movements that might last just a fraction of a second , but which might represent attempts to hide a subject 's true feelings .
Ekman claims that a properly trained observer using these facial cues alone can detect deception with 70 % accuracy — and can raise that figure to almost 100 % accuracy by also taking into account gestures and body movements .
Ekman says he has taught about one thousand TSA screeners and continues to consult on the programme .
Ekman 's work has brought him cultural acclaim , ranging from a profile in bestselling book Blink — by Malcolm Gladwell , a staff writer for The New Yorker magazine — to a fictionalized TV show based on his work , called Lie to Me .
But scientists have generally given him a chillier reception .
His critics argue that most of his peer - reviewed studies on microexpressions were published decades ago , and much of his more recent writing on the subject has not been peer reviewed .
Ekman maintains that this publishing strategy is deliberate — that he no longer publishes all of the details of his work in the peer - reviewed literature because , he says , those papers are closely followed by scientists in countries such as Syria , Iran and China , which the United States views as a potential threat .
The data that Ekman has made available have not persuaded Charles Honts , a psychologist at Boise State University in Idaho who is an expert in the polygraph or ' lie detector ' .
Although he was trained on Ekman 's coding system in the 1980s , Honts says , he has been unable to replicate Ekman 's results on facial coding .
David Raskin , a professor emeritus of psychology at the University of Utah in Salt Lake City , says he has had similar problems replicating Ekman 's findings .
" I have yet to see a comprehensive evaluation " of Ekman 's work , he says .
Ekman counters that a big part of the replication problem is that polygraph experts , such as Honts and Raskin , do n't follow the right protocol .
" One of the things I teach is never ask a question that can be answered yes or no , " Ekman says .
" In a polygraph , that 's the way you must ask questions . "
Raskin and Honts disagree with Ekman 's criticism , saying that Ekman himself provided the materials and training in the facial - coding technique .
Yet another objection to Ekman 's theory of deception detection is his idea of people who are naturally gifted at reading facial expressions .
These " wizards " , Ekman argues 2,3 , are proof that humans have the capability to spot deception , and that by studying those abilities , others can be taught to look for the same cues .
But in a critique4 of Ekman 's work , Charles Bond , a psychologist retired from Texas Christian University in Forth Worth , argues that Ekman 's wizard theory has a number of flaws — perhaps the most crucial being that the most successful individuals were drawn out of a sample pool in the thousands .
Rather than proving these people are human lie detectors , Bond maintains , the wizardry was merely due to random chance .
" If enough people play the lottery , someone wins , " says Bond .
“ Linking displays of emotion to deception is a leap of gargantuan dimensions . ”
Ekman says that Bond 's criticism is a " ridiculous quibble " and that the statistics speak for themselves .
The wizards ' scores were based on three different tests , he says , making it impossible to assign their high success rate to chance .
Bond replies that he took the three tests into account , and that doing so does n't change his conclusion .
Leap of logic
But there is yet another problem , says Honts .
Ekman 's findings are " incongruent with all the rest of the data on detecting deception from observation " .
The human face very obviously displays emotion , says Maria Hartwig , a psychology professor at the City University of New York 's John Jay College of Criminal Justice .
But linking those displays to deception is " a leap of gargantuan dimensions not supported by scientific evidence " , she says .
This point is disputed by one of Ekman 's collaborators , Mark Frank , a psychologist at the University at Buffalo in New York .
Although Frank acknowledges that many peer - reviewed studies seem to show that people are not better than chance when it comes to picking up signs of deception , he argues that much of the research is skewed because it disproportionately involves young college students as test subjects , as opposed to police officers and others who might be older , more motivated and more experienced in detecting lies .
Moreover , he says , when law - enforcement officials are tested , the stakes are often too low , and thus do n't mimic a real - world setting .
" I think a lot of the published material is still important , good work about human nature , " says Frank .
" But if you want to look at the total literature , and say , let 's go apply it to counter - terrorism , it 's a huge mistake . "
A confounding problem is that the methodology used in SPOT , which is only partially based on Ekman 's work , has never been subjected to controlled scientific tests .
Nor is there much agreement as to what a fair test should entail .
Controlled tests of deception detection typically involve people posing as would - be terrorists and attempting to make it through airport security .
Yet Ekman calls this approach " totally bogus " , because those playing the parts of ' terrorists ' do n't face the same stakes as a real terrorist — and so are unlikely to show the same emotions .
" I'm on the record opposed to that sort of testing , " he says .
But without such data , how is anyone supposed to evaluate SPOT — or its training programmes ?
Those programmes are " not in the public scientific domain " , says Bella DePaulo , a social psychologist at the University of California , Santa Barbara .
" As a scientist , I want to see peer - reviewed journal articles , so I can look at procedures and data and know what the training procedures involve , and what the results do show . "
Carl Maccario , a TSA analyst who helped to create SPOT , defends the science of the programme , saying that the agency has drawn on a number of scientists who study behavioural cues .
One he mentions is David Givens , director of the nonprofit Center for Nonverbal Studies in Spokane , Washington .
Givens published a number of scholarly articles on nonverbal communications in the 1970s and 1980s , although by his own account he is no longer involved in academic research .
His more recent publications include books such as Your Body at Work : A Guide to Sight - Reading the Body Language of Business , Bosses , and Boardrooms ( 2010 ) .
But Givens says that he has no idea which nonverbal indicators have been selected by the TSA for use in SPOT , nor has he ever been asked by the TSA to review their choices .
In the absence of testing , Maccario points to anecdotal incidents , such as the 2008 case of Kevin Brown , a Jamaican national who was picked out by behaviour - detection officers at Orlando International Airport in Florida and arrested with what they took to be the makings of a pipe bomb .
Witnesses said that Brown was rocking back and forth and acting strangely , so it is hard to say whether specialized training was needed to spot his unusual behaviour .
In any case , Brown successfully claimed that the ' pipe bomb ' materials were actually fuel bottles , pleaded guilty to bringing a flammable substance onto an aircraft , and was released on three years ' probation .
Arrest record
The TSA does track statistics .
From the SPOT programme 's first phase , from January 2006 through to November 2009 , according to the agency , behaviour - detection officers referred more than 232,000 people for secondary screening , which involves closer inspection of bags and testing for explosives .
The agency notes that the vast majority of those subjected to that extra inspection continued on their travels with no further delays .
But 1,710 were arrested , which the TSA cites as evidence for the programme 's effectiveness .
Critics , however , note that these statistics mean that fewer than 1 % of the referrals actually lead to an arrest , and those arrests are overwhelmingly for criminal activities , such as outstanding warrants , completely unrelated to terrorism .
According to the GAO , TSA officials are unsure whether " the SPOT program has ever resulted in the arrest of anyone who is a terrorist , or who was planning to engage in terrorist - related activity " .
The TSA has hired an independent contractor to assess SPOT .
Ekman says he has been apprised of the initial findings , and that they look promising .
But the results are n't expected until next year .
" It 'll be monumental either way , " says Maccario .
SPOT was in its first full year of operation when the DHS science and technology directorate began to look at ways to move people through the screening points faster .
One was Future Attribute Screening Technology ( FAST ) , which is now being funded at around US $ 10 million a year .
The idea is to have passengers walk through a portal as sensors remotely monitor their vital signs for ' malintent ' : a neologism meaning the intent or desire to cause harm .
Cameras ( above ) and sensors ( inset ) can measure subtle physiological changes to eye movement , pupil dilation , heart rate and respiration , among other things .
JANE SHAUCK PHOTOGRAPHY / WWW .
PHOTOJANE /DHS
FAST operates on much the same physical principle as the century - old polygraph , which seeks to reveal lies by measuring psychophysiological responses such as respiration , cardiac rate and electrical resistance of the skin while a subject is being asked a series of questions .
The FAST portal would also look at visual signals such as blink rate and body movement — and would give up the polygraph 's contact sensors in favour of stand - off sensors such as thermal cameras , which can measure subtle changes in facial temperature , and BioLIDAR , a laser radar that can measure heart rate and respiration .
Most of the FAST work , particularly the sensors , is contracted out to the Charles Stark Draper Laboratory , an independent , not - for - profit , research centre in Cambridge , Massachusetts , which has the goal of producing a prototype portal next year .
The project is then scheduled to enter a second phase that will remove the questioning process altogether and instead try to induce a response in the subjects by using various stimuli such as sounds or pictures , possibly of a known terrorist .
" In the laboratory now , we have a success detection rate [ percentage ] of malintent or not malintent , in the mid-70s , " says Robert Burns , the DHS programme manager for FAST .
" That 's significantly better than chance or what the trained people can do . "
Robert Burns explaining the Future Attribute Screening Technology , which measures nonverbal cues .
JANE SHAUCK PHOTOGRAPHY / WWW .
PHOTOJANE /DHS
Those results have not yet been published , but Burns says that the FAST programme sets great store on peer review and publication , and that three papers are currently in the process of review .
But FAST 's critics maintain that the malintent theory and FAST both suffer from some of the same scientific flaws as SPOT .
Flying is stressful : people worry about missing flights , they fight with their spouses and they worry about terrorism .
All of these stresses heighten the emotions that would be monitored by the FAST sensors , but may have nothing to do with deception , let alone malintent .
" To say that the observation is due to intent to do something wrong , illegal or cause harm , is leaping at the Moon , " says Raskin .
The malintent theory underlying FAST is the creation of Daniel Martin , who is the director of research for FAST , and his wife , Jennifer Martin .
Both are psychologists , and Daniel Martin , who is on the faculty of Yale University in New Haven , Connecticut , has in the past focused primarily on the area of substance abuse .
Daniel Martin says that at the time he and his wife developed the malintent theory , " there was minimal published work available that specifically tested whether physiological , behavioural , and paralinguistic cues could detect malintent in a realistic applied research study " .
He says that they have had to develop their own laboratory protocols to carry out those tests .
Martin and his colleagues have just published what they say is the first peer - reviewed study to look specifically at the links between psychophysiological indicators and intent .
The study5 looks at 40 native Arabic - speaking men and finds a connection between intent to deceive and a heart - rate variation known as respiratory sinus arrhythmia .
“ We are pursuing the answer , we 're not sure yet .
We have years yet to go . ”
" I have not come out and said , ' We have found the answer ' , " Martin adds .
" We are pursuing the answer , we 're not sure yet .
We have years yet to go . "
The lack of answers has not stopped aviation - security programmes from moving forwards with deception detection .
Maccario points to the UK pilot scheme , now in its first year at Heathrow Airport .
He says that the programme , like SPOT , uses specially trained behaviour - detection officers , and " their initial results are very successful " .
Earlier this year , the US Intelligence Advanced Research Projects Activity announced its own plans to study " defining , understanding , and ultimately detecting valid , reliable signatures of trust in humans " .
And about two years ago , the Pentagon asked JASON to look at the field .
" As we dug in , we found it was very hard to subject the research to the kinds of standard we 're used to in the physical sciences , " says JASON head Roy Schwitters , a physics professor at the University of Texas at Austin .
In fact , the executive summary of the JASON report , The Quest for Truth : Deception and Intent Detection , which was provided to Nature by the Pentagon , criticizes many of the allegedly successful results from deception - detection techniques as being post - hoc identifications .
One problem , the study found , was that the reported success rates often included drug smugglers , warrant violators and other criminals , not covert combatants or suicide bombers who might not have the same motivations or emotional responses .
Sallie Keller , dean of engineering at Rice University in Houston , Texas , and the head of the JASON study , said that it seemed that those involved in the field were trying to get their work peer reviewed .
But doing research — even if it is properly peer reviewed — does n't mean the technology is ready to be used in an airport .
" The scientific community thinks that it is extremely important to go through the process of scientific verification , before rolling something out as a practice that people trust , " she says .
ADVERTISEMENT
Researchers involved in the field suggest a number of research avenues that could be more fruitful for counter - terrorism .
Aldert Vrij , a social psychologist at the University of Portsmouth , UK , says that structured interviews may offer the best credibility - assessment research .
Nonverbal cues might play a part in this process , he says , but you need to actively interview a person .
For example , his work shows that subjects were able to give more reasons for supporting an opinion that they believed than if they were acting as a devil 's advocate and feigning support6 .
He suggests that such an approach could have helped to determine the beliefs of the Jordanian suicide bomber who killed seven CIA employees in Afghanistan after being taken into their confidence .
Although Israeli aviation security uses interview - intensive screening , it 's not clear how practical such an interview method would be at busy airport checkpoints , which have to screen hundreds or thousands of passengers every hour .
The guards would still need some way to choose who to interview , or no one would ever get on a plane .
This is the seductive appeal of programmes such as SPOT and FAST .
But , to Honts , the decade since the 11 September attacks has been one of lost opportunity .
Calling SPOT an " abject failure " , he says that the government would have done better to invest first in basic science , experimentally establishing how people with malintent think and respond during screenings .
That work , in turn , could have laid a more solid foundation for effective detection methods .
Granted , Honts says , that measured approach would have been slow , but it would have been a better investment than rushing to build hardware first , or implementing programmes before they have been tested .
" We spent all this time , and all this money , " he says , " and nothing has been accomplished . "
Sharon Weinberger is a freelance reporter based in Washington DC .
The Somali Islamist group al - Shabab has said it was behind twin blasts which hit the Ugandan capital Kampala on Sunday , killing 74 people .
In a statement in Mogadishu , spokesman for the group Sheikh Ali Mohamud Rage threatened more attacks .
Police said the bombings targeted football fans watching the World Cup final .
A Ugandan official said a Somali's head was found at the scene of one blast , and he may have been a suicide bomber .
Ugandan peacekeepers are in Somalia , and al - Shabab has previously threatened Kampala .
" Al - Shabab was behind the two bomb blasts in Uganda , " Ali Mohamud Rage said .
" We thank the mujahideen that carried out the attack .
We are sending a message to Uganda and Burundi , if they do not take out their Amisom [ African Union Mission in Somalia ] troops from Somalia , blasts will continue and it will happen in Bujumbura [ the Burundi capital ] too . "
The explosions , which also injured about 70 people , ripped through a rugby club and an Ethiopian restaurant as football fans watched the last few minutes of the World Cup final .
Foreigners killed
The deadliest of the blasts was at the crowded rugby club .
At both locations chairs lay overturned , with blood and body parts on the floor .
A government spokesman said on Monday that at least 60 Ugandans were killed in the explosions .
Fred Opolot , quoted by the Reuters news agency , said an Irish woman was among those who died at the restaurant .
California - based aid group Invisible Children , which helps child soldiers , said one of its workers , Nate Henn , 25 , was among those killed at the rugby club .
Officials said the dead and wounded also included Ethiopian , Eritrean , Indian and Congolese nationals .
Mr Opolot added that the other victims had not yet been identified .
Aware of threat
Ugandan Internal Affairs Minister Matia Kasaija told the BBC World Today programme that the severed head of a person from Somalia had been identified at the scene of one blast .
He said Uganda had been aware of the threat , but had been caught off - guard .
About 5,000 African Union troops from Uganda and Burundi are based in Mogadishu , propping up the fragile interim government .
The Amisom force is engaged in frequent firefights with the Islamist insurgents that control much of southern and central Somalia .
American dead
The attack on the Ethiopian restaurant also fits in with al - Shabab 's regional policy .
Addis Ababa backs Somalia 's government against the rebels .
And Ethiopian troops invaded Somalia in 2006 to oust an Islamist movement , stoking an insurgency that still rages .
BBC East Africa correspondent Peter Greste says security services across the region will now be reassessing how they can protect themselves from a force that has proven itself willing and capable of striking outside Somalia 's borders .
Many - if not most - of those killed and injured in the Kampala blasts were foreign nationals .
Both venues are popular destinations for expatriates living in the capital .
One unnamed witness told the BBC how he was caught in the rugby club blast .
SOMALI MILITANT LINKS Somali Islamists linked to a number of East Africa attacks
1998 : US embassy bombings in Kenya and Tanzania ; more than 200 die
2002 : Attacks in Mombasa , Kenya ; 15 killed
US has long believed Somalia offers sanctuary to al - Qaeda Q&A : Who are al - Shabab ?
" I just heard the bomb .
In fact , I blacked out ... when I gained consciousness , then I started now , crawling , coming out , " he said .
At least three Americans , members of a Church group from Pennsylvania , were wounded at the Ethiopian restaurant .
One , Kris Sledge , 18 , of Selinsgrove , Pennsylvania , said from his hospital bed : " I remember blacking out , hearing people screaming and running . "
Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni criticised the attackers and said his country would not " run away " from its commitments in Mogadishu .
" People who are watching football are not people who should be targeted .
If they [ attackers ] want a fight , they should go and look for soldiers . "
US President Barack Obama said the explosions were " deplorable and cowardly " .
The African Union has said the attacks will not affect its summit , which is due to be held in Kampala later this month .
June 9 , 2010  --
A security flaw in AT&T 's network exposed the e-mail addresses of more than 100,000 owners of Apple 's 3G iPad , according to a report published by Gawker today .
Calling it the " most exclusive e-mail list on the planet , " Gawker said the list of exposed owners included New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg , White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel and other powerful figures in finance , media and politics .
The security hole was uncovered by Goatse Security , a group known among security experts as hackers who enjoy pulling Web pranks , Gawker reported .
Still , the group previously has uncovered flaws in browsers Firefox and Safari , Gawker said .
When contacted by ABCNews.com , a man who asked to be named as a Goatse employee confirmed Gawker 's report .
" It 's absolutely real , " he said , adding that the group gave the Gawker reporter their data set and he was able to verify the information .
The employee said someone in his organization learned that when given an iPad owners ' unique identification number , a program on AT&T 's website would return the e-mail address connected to that account .
Once the hole was uncovered , he said , the group was able to write a script that would automatically predict ID numbers and return the associated e-mail addresses .
In about six hours , he said , the group was able to scrape information for about 114,000 iPad 3G owners , but he did not say how many iPad owners could have been affected in total .
He said the flaw was discovered about a month ago and AT&T was notified this week .
He added that the company since has patched the hole .
AT&T said it was notified of the breach on Monday by a customer , but was not told by Goatse .
" This issue was escalated to the highest levels of the company and was corrected by Tuesday ; and we have essentially turned off the feature that provided the e-mail addresses , " a written statement by AT&T said .
" The person or group who discovered this gap did not contact AT&T . "
If lawyers determine that a breach has indeed occurred , according to state data breach laws , Apple and AT&T will need inform the affected iPad owners .
In its statement , AT&T said it already plans to inform customers .
" We are continuing to investigate and will inform all customers whose e-mail addresses and ICC IDS [ iPad identification numbers ] may have been obtained , " the company statement said .
" We take customer privacy very seriously and while we have fixed this problem , we apologize to our customers who were impacted . "
Apple did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
Big Names Possibly Exposed ; Unsurprising Programming Error ?
From the data set provided to them , Gawker said the list of compromised accounts included those belonging to high - profile individuals at the New York Times Company , Dow Jones , Conde Nast , Google , Amazon , NASA , Goldman Sachs , the Senate and others .
Aaron Higbee , co-founder of the Intrepidus Group , a security firm that specializes in mobile security , did not sound surprised by the reported breach .
" We 've seen examples of this sort of thing with carriers before , " he said .
" It seems like a mistake a programmer would make . "
Higbee said his company has encountered similar holes in which a programmer assumes that data can't be manipulated to look as though it came from the device .
A fix would have been to make sure that the program verified that the unique number was coming from the device itself before returning the corresponding e-mail address .
This data breach comes just months after Gizmodo , a Gawker - owned technology blog , published an exclusive story on a leaked next - generation Apple iPhone .
Kelly said that after years of investigative work , he believes that the heist was done by local criminals and not international art thieves .
He said he based his opinion primarily on the thieves ’ rough handling of some of the artwork , including smashing or cutting some of the paintings from their frames .
“ In the last 20 years and the last eight that I ’ve had the case , there has n’t been a concrete sighting , or real proof of life , ’’ Kelly said .
“ At the same time , I ca n’t get discouraged about it .
It would be very difficult to put my heart in this investigation if I allowed myself to get discouraged . ’’
Kelly acknowledged that , despite having pursued countless tips over the last two decades , investigators have received no verifiable leads on the artwork ’s whereabouts or even how the theft took place .
Gaining a worthwhile clue would provide a boon to investigators who have coped with dashed hopes and phony leads in pursuing the theft of 13 pieces of art ..
If analysts can extract a sample , they might determine physical attributes , including bone structure of an individual ’s face , and a DNA profile that investigators could use to search a DNA database of 7 million individuals convicted of felonies in the United States in the past 20 years , Budowle said .
“ What could be done in 1990 and what could be done in 2010 are ages apart , ’’ said Budowle , who now heads the Institute of Investigative Genetics at the University of North Texas Health Science Center at Fort Worth .
Huge strides in DNA analysis in the two decades since the crime could mean a different outcome this time .
The FBI conducted DNA tests on items taken from the crime scene at the time of the theft , but none of the tests produced a usable sample .
“ If they left any sweat on that duct tape , a sample could be drawn , and with that sample there ’s the possibility of a result , ’’ said Dr. Bruce Budowle , former senior scientist of the FBI ’s Quantico lab .
Kelly said he could not disclose the type of evidence to be reviewed , but others familiar with the case said it would probably include long strips of duct tape used to tie up the museum ’s two night watchmen , whom the thieves overpowered to get access to the artwork .
Because of advances in DNA analysis since the 1990 robbery , the lead agent in the case , Geoffrey Kelly , decided to send evidence to the FBI ’s scientific laboratory in Quantico , Va. , a spokeswoman in the FBI ’s Boston office said .
On the eve of the 20th anniversary of the theft of masterpieces from the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum , the FBI is resubmitting evidence taken from the crime scene for DNA analysis in hope of gaining a long - sought break in the case .
He speculates that the thieves were not sophisticated enough to find a buyer capable of fencing such high - profile masterpieces and that the stolen pieces remain hidden or buried .
“ I am open to any theory , but after doing this for eight years , my feeling is that it was some local guys , a quick score in and out , and they wake up the next morning and they realize that they ’ve just committed the art heist of the century , ’’ Kelly said in a recent interview .
As for why none of the 13 stolen pieces , with a total estimated value of $ 250 million to $ 300 million , have ever surfaced , Kelly said : “ They ca n’t sell it .
It ’s too hot .
Taking the theory . . . to its potential conclusion , now you ’ve got these things so what do you do with them ?
Well , you hold on to them until the heat dies down , and here it is 20 years later , and it ’s just as hot . ’’
Although the FBI maintains the theft at the top of its list of unsolved crimes , its agents and supervisors have remained mum about leads they were pursuing or its theories about who was responsible .
At a conference in 2000 , held on the 10th anniversary of the heist , the two FBI agents then in charge of the case , when pressed on who they felt was responsible , would say only that they had pursued leads on an international scale , including in Japan and Italy .
Kelly , too , declined to be specific about local criminal figures or gangs he may have looked at as possible suspects .
In the past , federal investigators said that while they have no hard evidence to link mob kingpin James ( Whitey )
Bulger to the crime , they could not rule out that he had knowledge of who pulled it off or where the artwork was stashed .
Bulger fled Boston as federal indictments against him were being handed down in 1995 , five years after the theft .
Despite the case ’s frustrations , Kelly said he remains hopeful that someone who knows where the artwork has been hidden will reach out to law enforcement .
The incentives are considerable .
The Gardner Museum has offered a $ 5 million reward for the return of the paintings in good condition , and the US attorney ’s office has stated that it will not bring charges of possession of stolen property against anyone who returns the artwork .
The statute of limitations for participation in the actual theft expired five years after the crime .
The case has been steeped in mystery from the start .
In the early morning hours of March 18 , 1990 , two men dressed as Boston police officers demanded entry at the side door of the museum , saying they had been called to investigate a disturbance .
The night watchman , one of two college students on duty that night , made the grievous error of buzzing them into the museum and compounded it by falling for a ruse that had him stepping away from his security desk and abandoning the museum ’s only alarm to the outside world .
After tying the watchmen with duct tape and hiding them in separate spots in the basement , the thieves made their way through the darkened galleries .
They spent 81 minutes inside the museum , spending most of their time in the second floor Dutch Room where they snatched the largest number and most valuable of the paintings , including Rembrandt ’s “ The Storm on the Sea of Galilee , ’’ his only seascape , and Vermeer ’s “ The Concert , ’’ valued at $ 100 million .
However , investigators are still baffled by some of the thieves ’ other selections .
For example , they grabbed five modestly valued Degas drawings but overlooked Titian ’s “ The Rape of Europa , ’’ perhaps the museum ’s most valuable piece .
They also wasted valuable minutes trying to remove a Napoleonic banner from its wooden frame without breaking its glass front , only to end up snatching the golden , eagle - shaped finial from the banner ’s flagpole .
Boston police Detective Carl Washington was one of the first police officers to arrive at the museum after the robbery , and he spent hours scouring the crime scene looking for clues among the discarded frames and shards of glass .
Washington , who retired from the force in 2005 , expressed guarded optimism yesterday on learning that the FBI intended to reexamine some of the forensic evidence in search of a DNA match .
“ From what I saw , there was a lot of stuff left behind that could be examined , ’’ Washington said .
“ Maybe one match could give them the break they need .
It ’s long overdue . ’’
It is not clear when the new DNA analysis will be completed , said Special Agent Gail A. Marcinkiewicz .
“ It all depends on the priority that is given to the request . ’’
Stephen Kurkjian can be reached via Kurkjian@globe.com
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
If Mr Blair deserves a freedom medal for invading Iraq ( and banning me from smoking ) then satire IS dead
When Henry Kissinger was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1973 , soon after masterminding the U.S. bombing of Cambodia , the brilliant American satirist songster Tom Lehrer announced there was no further point in his job .
' It was at that moment that satire died , ' he declared .
' There was nothing more to say after that . '
Other comedians refused to give up , however , struggling on manfully with their attempts to extract dark humour from a real world that increasingly defied parody .
Coveted : The National Constitution Centre of the U.S. awarded its annual Liberty Medal to Tony Blair for ' steadfast commitment to conflict resolution '
But surely we must now agree that if there was any breath left in satire 's frail old lungs after Kissinger 's peace prize , it was finally snuffed out yesterday when the National Constitution Center of the United States awarded its coveted annual Liberty Medal to Tony Blair for his ' steadfast commitment to conflict resolution ' .
With exquisite timing , the centre chose to add our former Prime Minister to its roll of honour - which includes Nelson Mandela and the scientists who cracked the DNA code - on the day after the declassification of the official advice he received on the legality of invading Iraq .
The documents show that less than two months before the 2003 invasion , Attorney General Lord Goldsmith wrote to him about the relevant UN Security Council resolution , saying : ' I remain of the view that the correct legal interpretation of resolution 1441 is that it does not authorise the use of military force without a further determination by the Security Council . '
Mr Blair underlined the bit about not authorising action , and wrote in the margin : ' I just do n't understand this . '
Perhaps I can assist him there .
Unless I 'm missing something , I reckon that when Lord Goldsmith said the existing Security Council resolution did not authorise military action , what he meant was that the existing Security Council resolution did not authorise military action .
But , of course , Mr Blair understood perfectly well that his government 's chief law officer was telling him it would be illegal to invade Iraq without a new UN resolution .
What he meant when he wrote ' I just do n't understand this ' was ' I just do n't agree with this ' - or , more specifically : ' I just do n't understand how anyone could disagree with a wonderful fellow like me . '
But then , Mr Blair never did get the hang of this liberty lark .
Throughout his time in office , he never quite grasped that freedom is inextricably tied up with the rule of law .
Still less did he understand how it depends on subtle constitutional safeguards , including the office of Attorney General , that have evolved over the centuries to keep egomaniacal prime ministers in check .
So instead of adapting his conduct according to his advice , and calling off the invasion , he came up with a typically Blairite solution : he simply sent his Attorney General away to think again - until , to his eternal shame , Lord Goldsmith returned with the advice his boss had wanted in the first place .
Suddenly , and mysteriously , he pronounced it legally permissible for Mr Blair to indulge his taste for warmongering and sucking up to the Americans - with results that the parents , widows and orphans of British servicemen and countless Iraqi civilians will mourn for the rest of their lives .
How will the maimed and bereaved of that unjust and unnecessary war react when they see Mr Blair this September , with his toothy grin and pious platitudes , accepting his Liberty Medal ( and his cheque for $ 100,000 ) from Bill Clinton in Philadelphia ?
But it 's not only his Iraq adventure that makes the former Prime Minister so spectacularly unfit to receive an award for ' leadership in the pursuit of freedom ' .
Indeed , I can't think of a single politician in our modern peacetime history who did as much as Mr Blair to erode our traditional liberties , chipping away at their cornerstones and vandalising every constitutional obstacle that stood in his way .
Take the independence of the Civil Service - since Victorian times , one of the firmest guarantors of our freedom and the most reliable check on the lies of ministers .
One of Mr Blair 's first acts in office was to dispatch an army of partisan ' political advisers ' into every Whitehall department , with the job of twisting facts and figures to suit the Government 's purposes .
As any tinpot dictator will tell you , the first step towards crushing freedom has always been to establish control over official information .
Or take Cabinet government - a system that evolved to prevent any individual from exercising excessive influence over the affairs of state .
Mr Blair effectively did away with it , preferring to discuss the decisions that really mattered with only a handful of unelected cronies , such as his press secretary Alastair Campbell , from the comfort of his Downing Street sofa .
On the most important decisions , his Cabinet colleagues were kept completely in the dark , while on others they were treated as mere rubber stamps .
Or Parliament .
What other prime minister has treated Lords and Commons with such contempt , bypassing them wherever possible and spinning most of his proposals to the media before deigning to announce them in the Palace of Westminster ?
( Come to think of it , here I may be speaking too soon .
For is n't it remarkable how much everyone seems to know about the new Coalition 's decisions , including most of the details of George Osborne 's Budget and Theresa May 's cap on immigration , before they were mentioned in the House ? )
More insidious still was Mr Blair 's beloved Human Rights Act , which has turned judges into lawmakers , beyond democratic control .
The stream of perverse decisions from the Bench - setting the rights of foreign rapists and would - be terrorists above those of their victims - has become so exasperating that this week Master of the Rolls Lord Neuberger launched an eloquent appeal to pay proper heed to the time - honoured and commonsense English way of administering justice .
But I 'm afraid he 's whistling in the wind .
For until we repeal the HRA - which , let 's face it , will mean withdrawing from the European Convention on Human Rights - our courts will continue to fall ever more deeply under Strasbourg 's sway , with the all - too enthusiastic acquiescence of most of the Bench .
Meanwhile , as we all know , Nick Clegg is so gung - ho about the HRA - and David Cameron so faint - hearted about repealing it - that nothing effective will be done for at least five years , and probably decades to come .
It 's the same with the European Union , that monstrous affront to our freedom to make our own laws .
It was Mr Blair , closely followed by Gordon Brown , who betrayed Labour 's promise of a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty , thereby condemning us to ever - tighter control from Brussels .
As for the rest of Mr Blair 's record in office , he was the man who banned hunting and sought to allow British citizens to be locked up for 90 days without trial .
He was the champion of ID cards and the ContactPoint database , which holds information on all our children .
His government introduced section 44 of the Terrorism Act , under which 5,000 people a week are being stopped and searched , with not a single terrorist caught .
Oh , and he introduced the blanket ban on smoking in public places - for addicts like me , the most oppressive single piece of legislation passed by any government in my lifetime .
( I note that Mr Clegg is inviting suggestions from the public for his Great Repeal Bill .
Will he lift the smoking ban , please , if we sinners promise not to smoke in the presence of people who do n't like it ?
Pigs might fly . )
And the U.S. National Constitutional Center really thinks Mr Blair worthy of its Liberty Medal ?
Satire , R.I.P .
Jamaica Bay , a refuge for wildlife in New York City , gets protection
New York City has an ecological paradise right in its midst .
Jamaica Bay is 25,000 acres of grassy marshlands , coastal lagoons , open waters , and islands neatly surrounded by Queens to the north , Brooklyn to the west , and Long Island to the south and east .
It is directly under the flight path of planes taking off and landing at JFK Airport .
Nonetheless , when I visited the Jamaica Bay Wildlife Refuge , it was like being in a remote natural setting , teeming with the migratory birds that make annual stopovers in the area .
So bustling with non -human life was it , that it was easy to forget that I ’d gotten there with a quick ride on the A train – that is , until I looked up and saw the surreal presence of the Empire State Building looming from behind a hill .
The vibrant health of Jamaica Bay is only illusory , or is at least threatened .
The insalubrious waters of the New York City harbor , runoff pollution and rising nitrate levels from four sewage treatment plants are undercutting the natural ecosystem , causing the salt marshes to erode and dissipate .
Nitrates promote increased algea blooms , which lead to a reduction in soluble oxygen in the water , affecting marine life .
As salt marshes disappear , there is less habitat available to support the great variety of species in the Bay .
About 20 percent of North America ’s bird species visit the area each year , and to allow this wildlife sanctuary amidst our urban sprawl to be destroyed would threaten the survival of birds the length of the continent .
The good news is that the migratory birds and resident marine life may be getting a reprieve .
In February , Mayor Bloomberg , the State Environmental Council and the Natural Resources Defense Council announced an agreement that would improve water quality and preserve the wetlands of Jamaica Bay .
The Jamaica Bay Watershed Protection Plan commits to restoring degraded marshlands and reducing nitrogen discharge into the bay by 50 percent over the next ten years at a cost of $ 115 million to the city alone .
Federal funds and resources are expected to supplement the project .
This Gotham Gazette article by Anya Khalamayzer provides a good overview of the history of the movement to protect Jamaica Bay .
She reports that “ Reclamation of Elders Point West Island has already begun .
Clean fill , or “ slurry ” — muck being dredged from waters around the city — is currently being shipped from the harbor and Long Island and will become 35 new acres of marsh .
The U.S Army Corps of Engineers is hand - seeding Spartina grass into the fill .
When they finish this at the end of the summer , they will move on to reclaim Yellow Bar island . ”
Today there were signs of the waste water treatment project moving forward : “ ThermoEnergy Corporation has entered into a $ 27.1 million contract with the City of New York , to deploy a state - of - the - art ammonia recovery system at the City ’s 26th Ward Wastewater Treatment Plant situated on Jamaica Bay .
Once in full operation , the company ’s CASTion Ammonia Recovery Process ( ARP ) will prevent approximately 2.4 million pounds of ammonia from entering Jamaica Bay each year , helping the city improve the health of Jamaica Bay as outlined under Mayor Bloomberg ’s Jamaica Bay Watershed Protection Plan . ”
The birds are n’t aware of any of this , but as the plan moves forward , the Bay ’s waters may become more welcoming to them .
Which will be nice , for a change .
—
Follow Columbia Water Center on Twitter
Brazilian students observe dinosaur bones .
Brazilian paleontologists announced Tuesday they discovered the well - preserved and near - complete fossils of a pre-dinosaur predator that lived some 238 million years ago .
Brazilian paleontologists announced Tuesday they discovered the well - preserved and near - complete fossils of a pre-dinosaur predator that lived some 238 million years ago .
The creature , a Prestosuchus chiniquensis , was about seven meters ( 22 feet ) long , weighed 900 kilos ( one ton ) and lived in the Triassic Period ( 250 to 200 million years ago ) , paleontologists from the Lutheran University of Brazil said .
A team led by paleontologist Sergio Furtado Cabreira and biologist Lucio Roberto da Silva found the fossils in the town of Dona Francisca , some 260 kilometers ( 160 miles ) from Porto Alegre , the capital of the southern state of Rio Grande do Sul .
" It is something that we could never imagine -- the quality of preservation and the size of the fossils are sensational , " said Da Silva in a university press statement .
The discovery " will allow us to better understand the anatomy of the Prestosuchus and will help us more precisely build its skeleton , " he said .
These are the only remains that include a well preserved hind leg , " which will give us new information on the locomotion of these incredible reptiles , " added Furtado Cabreira .
The remains were found in a sedimentary rock formation that was a lake millions of years ago .
Paleontologists believe that herbivore creatures stopped to drink at the site and were ambushed by carnivores such as the Prestosuchus .
The Prestosuchus , a close relative of the crocodile , had a large , deep skull with serrated teeth and a long tail .
Explore further New bony - skulled dinosaur species discovered in Texas
( c ) 2010 AFP
New research from Harvard University suggests that moral actions may increase our capacity for willpower and physical endurance .
Study participants who did good deeds -- or even just imagined themselves helping others -- were better able to perform a subsequent task of physical endurance .
The research , published in the journal Social Psychological and Personality Science , shows a similar or even greater boost in physical strength following dastardly deeds .
Researcher Kurt Gray , a doctoral student in psychology at Harvard , explains these effects as a self - fulfilling prophecy in morality .
" People perceive those who do good and evil to have more efficacy , more willpower , and less sensitivity to discomfort , " Gray says .
" By perceiving themselves as good or evil , people embody these perceptions , actually becoming more capable of physical endurance . "
Gray 's findings run counter to the notion that only those blessed with heightened willpower or self - control are capable of heroism , suggesting instead that simply attempting heroic deeds can confer personal power .
" Gandhi or Mother Teresa may not have been born with extraordinary self - control , but perhaps came to possess it through trying to help others , " says Gray , who calls this effect " moral transformation " because it suggests that moral deeds have the power to transform people from average to exceptional .
advertisement
Moral transformation has many implications , he says .
For example , it suggests a new technique for enhancing self - control when dieting : help others before being faced with temptation .
" Perhaps the best way to resist the donuts at work is to donate your change in the morning to a worthy cause , " Gray says .
It may also suggest new treatments for anxiety or depression , he says : Helping others may be the best way of regaining control of your own life .
Gray 's findings are based on two studies .
In the first , participants were given a dollar and told either to keep it or to donate it to charity ; they were then asked to hold up a 5 lb.
weight for as long as they could .
Those who donated to charity could hold the weight up for almost 10 seconds longer , on average .
In a second study , participants held a weight while writing fictional stories of themselves either helping another , harming another , or doing something that had no impact on others .
As before , those who thought about doing good were significantly stronger than those whose actions did n't benefit other people .
But surprisingly , the would - be malefactors were even stronger than those who envisioned doing good deeds .
" Whether you 're saintly or nefarious , there seems to be power in moral events , " Gray says .
" People often look at others who do great or evil deeds and think , ' I could never do that ' or ' I would n't have the strength to do that . '
But in fact , this research suggests that physical strength may be an effect , not a cause , of moral acts . "
Gray 's research was supported by the Canadian Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council and the Institute for Humane Studies .
How much should we worry about running out of oil ?
Of late , there have been disparate predictions for our oil reserves , with some claiming that oil will last us for decades .
In fact , the question is not so much : " When will there be no more oil left for us to take ? " but , rather : " When will demand outstrip production ? "
And that could happen sooner than most people realise .
This is an issue that governments around the world , including our own , are ignoring despite the potential risk to our economies .
Conventional oil production has a limited capacity .
Most additional demand must be met by unconventional sources , which are abundant .
But the capacity for production depends on the effective management of environmental , social and technical challenges that unconventional sources pose .
The current disaster in the Gulf of Mexico is a clear indicator of how these boundaries are being pushed .
The most significant concern is transport ; while there are many other ways to provide heat , light and electricity , liquid transportation fuels would be hard to come by if oil supply dried up .
The International Energy Authority ( IEA ) predicts that over the next 20 years there will be a steady increase in demand for liquid fuels , most of which will come from China and India .
It also predicts that the supply of oil from fields that are currently in production will plummet over the same time frame .
There will be additional sources of oil to help fill this gap – from fields that have been found but not yet exploited , from those yet to be found , and from unconventional sources such as Canada 's tar sands ( though this is costly and particularly damaging from the point of view of climate ) .
There is also the possibility of converting natural gas to liquid fuels .
However , even adding all these into the mix , the IEA notes that there will still be a significant shortfall between demand and supply .
Moreover , some of the estimates of future supply look overly optimistic .
Analysis from my institute , the Smith School , suggests that by taking the Opec figures at face value , the IEA is overestimating the reserves in fields yet to be developed by some 30 % , making the shortfall even worse .
The bottom line is that demand for liquid fuels is virtually certain to outstrip production by a considerable margin over the next two decades , regardless of how much oil remains in the ground .
Knowing this , can't oil companies simply boost their production rates or find other options ?
Shell recently built a plant to convert natural gas to liquid fuels in Qatar , but at some $ 20 bn , the capital costs were enormous .
Such plants can only hope to provide a sensible return on investment in the few places in the world where natural gas is plentiful .
As for biofuels , although the US is likely to hit 10 % of biofuels for cars later this year , globally these fuels are still only a tiny percentage of the total .
Thus , as the world emerges from the current economic downturn , all the evidence is that oil prices will take a substantial hike .
Our analysis predicts that prices will soon be considerably more than $ 100 a barrel , peaking at around $ 130 by 2015 .
This in itself is likely to stall the global economic recovery following the financial debt crisis .
In principle , that 's good news for oil - rich countries such as Norway and the Gulf states , where higher prices mean higher GDP .
But most countries in the world are oil importers and as prices rise their economies will suffer .
Developing countries will be especially vulnerable , as their economies depend heavily on manufacturing and distribution , which are , in turn , dependent on transport fuels .
Take Rwanda , an ambitious country whose economy is currently growing by 8 % to 9 % per year .
We estimate that rises in oil prices over the next two decades will cumulatively cost Rwanda some 30 % of its GDP .
That 's a large number .
As scientific adviser to the Rwandan president , Paul Kagame , I have recommended that the country should do everything in its power to decouple its economy from oil .
But Rwanda is by no means atypical .
In the face of rising oil prices , most net importers of oil around the world will face further recession if they have not found other ways to move themselves and their goods around .
The coming supply crisis provides a clear imperative to all who are dependent on oil imports to find ways to kick the habit .
What , then , should we do ?
There is no silver bullet .
To achieve this necessary change , we will need every weapon at our disposal .
Improving the energy efficiency of our transportation will be crucial – by reducing air friction , improving engines and running smaller , lighter vehicles .
Alternative fuels will also be important , moving from petrol to new generations of biofuels , hydrogen fuel cells and electric vehicles .
But we will also need to go beyond the designs of the vehicles and fuels themselves and look at changing urban design , building and improving mass transportation systems and changing the ways that people drive .
This , of course , is independent of the additional , but pressing imperative to reduce carbon emissions and prevent dangerous climate change .
Put the two together and the case for change becomes overwhelming .
There 's a final reason to wean ourselves off our current dependency on oil .
In these difficult economic times , we need to stop bleeding our economies by pouring money into the handful of countries that hold most of the oil .
Today , the rest of the world pours more than $ 2 trillion a year into the Gulf states , which is $ 6bn per day .
This money would surely be better spent developing energy resources that are much closer to home ?
Sir David King , director of the Smith School of Enterprise and the Environment at Oxford , was chief scientific adviser to the government from 2000 to 2007
• This article was amended on 14 June 2010 .
The original stated that $ 2 trillion a year equated to $ 6 m per day .
The latter figure should have read $ 6bn .
This has now been correctecd
A service highlighting the riches of the daily press .
Paper Monitor is brimming with admiration for one hack this morning .
The Daily Mirror put a journalist into Hamburg 's Hyundai Fan Park on Sunday to watch the England - Germany match .
He was an Englishman surrounded by 50,000 Germans .
Had a German newspaper editor dreamed up a similar stunt in England , they might well be currently acquainting themselves with the vagaries of the EHIC ( that 's the E1 - 11 to all you old skoolers ) .
But there was no hint of animosity when the Mirror man climbed onto a fan 's shoulders and unfurled his St George 's flag .
Instead he was greeted with a chorus of mooing .
No , that 's s not a typo .
It was n't booing , but mooing .
Why do our Continental cousins emit a bovine bawl when they catch sight of an Englishman in their midsts , wondered our intrepid reporter .
" We make that noise whenever England play because everybody knows the English started mad cow disease , " he was told by a fan .
Sad , is n't it , how the Germans reach for an outdated stereotype when they seek to make fun of the English .
Er ...
When the match ended , the sound of Queen 's We Are The Champions rang out - a reminder that the English at least still have a cultural , if not footballing , impact on foreign shores .
Elsewhere , the Mirror 's red - top rival was also getting creative in trying to reflect the post - tournament gloom .
Across a UK weather map on its front page , the Sun 's headline said : " Sunny outlook in many areas but depression over Heathrow as shower drifts in from South Africa " .
Sends a chill down your back , does n't it .
Advertisements
During his town hall meeting in Racine , WI , President Barack Obama used the bully pulpit to bludgeon the Republican Senators in Congress who blocked an extension of benefits for jobless Americans , “ So their prescription for every challenge is pretty much the same basically cut taxes for the wealthy , cut rules for corporations , and cut working folks loose to fend for themselves . ”
Obama first described the basic legislation he wants passed , “ And that ’s why I ’ve been fighting , in addition to everything we ’ve done , for additional steps to speed up this recovery and keep the economy growing .
We want an extension of unemployment benefits for workers who lost their job through no fault of their own .
We want to help small business owners get the loans they need to keep their doors open and hire more workers .
We want relief for struggling states so they do n’t have to lay off thousands of teachers and firefighters and police officers . ”
Advertisements
Later he described the political calculus behind the GOP ’s obstruction , “ Now , some of this is just politics .
That ’s the nature of Washington .
Before I was even inaugurated , there were leaders on the other side of the aisle who got together and they made the calculation that if Obama fails , then we win .
Right — that was the basic theory .
They figured if we just keep on saying no to everything and nothing gets done , then somehow people will forget who got us into this mess in the first place and we ’ll get more votes in November .
And , you know , that will make people pretty cynical about politics . ”
In a matter of fairness , he discussed the GOP ’s ideological flaws , “ Now , let ’s be fair though .
The other party ’s opposition is also rooted in some sincere beliefs about how they think the economy works .
They think that our economy will do better if we just let the banks or the oil companies or the insurance industry make their own rules .
They still believe that , even after the Wall Street crash , even after the BP oil well blew , that we should just keep a hands - off attitude .
They think we should keep doing what we did for most of the last decade leading up to the recession . ”
Obama returned to a theme of 2008 nomination acceptance speech , ” So their prescription for every challenge is pretty much the same — and I do n’t think I ’m exaggerating here — basically cut taxes for the wealthy , cut rules for corporations , and cut working folks loose to fend for themselves .
Basically their attitude is , you ’re on your own . ”
He concluded by reframing the discussion not as big government versus small government , but as responsible versus irresponsible government , “ So I want everybody to understand , this debate that we ’re having in Washington is not about big government or small government .
It ’s about responsible government .
It ’s about accountable government .
It ’s about whose side government is on .
It should be on the side of the American people .
A government that breaks down barriers to opportunity and prosperity .
That ’s the kind of government we need .
That ’s the kind of government I ’m trying to give you . ”
Obama ’s remarks today demonstrated his growth as a president .
The uncertain grasp of the bully pulpit that characterized many of his first year speeches has been replaced with the language of a man who knows the reach and impact of the words of a president .
A president should shine the bright light of the presidency of the Senate Republicans who are callously hurting the unemployed in their quest for angry votes of support in November .
Obama did what a good president does .
He spoke for the American people .
The president masterfully reframed the discussion .
He shifted the discussion out of the Republican arena of big versus small government towards asking a very simple question .
Whose side are the Republicans on ?
When the Republicans do things like support BP after the oil spill in the Gulf by opposing a lifting of liability caps , they are making it clear whose interests they will represent if they are returned to power .
When Republicans block extending unemployment benefits to the jobless , it makes it clear that they are not on the side of those Americans who are struggling .
The great hope of the GOP strategy for November is that voters are so angry that they forget about the incompetence and unaccountability of the Republican Party during their previous era of mismanagement .
Their desire is not to provide solutions to America ’s problems , but to return themselves to what they view as their rightful place atop the government .
Their belief in a government by the special interests for the special interests is the reason why they are out of step with the American people on most issues , and it is the exact reason why their dreams of a congressional takeover are likely to turn to dust by November .
Obama has shown his fellow Democrats the path , now they must follow it in elections all across the country this November .
A full transcript of Obama ’s speech can be found here .
The Recession never ended in some cities , and the recovery has a long ways to go .
There are cities in Florida where foreclosures are still rising , blotting out any chance of recovery in home prices .
The mayor of Detroit plans to demolish a quarter of the city to get a handle on his real estate problem .
Homeless communities are growing on the outskirts of Sacramento .
Based on a report by the Brookings Institute , we 've ranked the twenty worst cities .
WASHINGTON — A Commerce Department report released Wednesday found that while there is stuff out there for 150 and even 100 bucks , any of the good stuff is going to run you 200 bucks , easy .
" This report demonstrates that if you want something really cool that will last more than a year , it 's going to cost you , " Commerce Secretary Gary Locke said .
" But our findings suggest that — while no one 's got 200 bucks just lying around — if you buy the more expensive stuff , it 'll be worth it in the long run . "
The report also warned that by 2015 the good stuff might actually set you back 300 bucks , if you can believe that .
Advertisement
Lawmaker tells BP chief to ' commit hara - kiri '
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
A hearing to discuss the future of national energy policy in the wake of the Gulf oil disaster got pretty ugly Tuesday .
Lawmakers slammed executives from five of the world 's largest oil companies .
At one point Rep. Cliff Stearns , R - Fla. , called on Lamar McKay , chairman and president of BP America , to quit his job .
Rep .
Anh " Joseph " Cao , R - Louisiana went so far as to suggest McKay try a type of ritual suicide .
" Mr. Stearns asked you to resign .
In the Asian culture we do things differently .
During the Samurai days we just give you a knife and ask you to commit hara - kiri , " said Cao , who is of Vietnamese descent .
McKay did not respond to these comments .
However , he did say that a relief well will allow his company to get the leak under control " by mid-August . "
Rep. Ed Markey , D - Mass .
called on executives from BP ( BP ) , ExxonMobil ( XOM , Fortune 500 ) , ConocoPhillips ( COP , Fortune 500 ) , Chevron ( CVX , Fortune 500 ) and Shell Oil ( RDSA ) to answer before his House Energy and Environment subcommittee Tuesday .
Specifically , he wanted to focus on the ongoing spill , renewable energy development and the effect of President Obama 's six - month moratorium on deepwater drilling .
Saving the walruses
But the hearing opened with Markey criticizing the companies for having cookie - cutter contingency plans for dealing with disasters like the Gulf Coast oil spill .
Those plans included " embarrassing " errors like a reference to protecting walruses , which have n't lived in the Gulf Coast for at least 3 million years , and the phone number of a marine biologist who died five years ago , Markey said .
In opening remarks , senior House Democrats held up a 500 - page binder from Exxon Mobil , which details the company 's plans for dealing with emergencies such as oil spills , and decried it for being nearly identical to BP's .
Chevron , ConocoPhillips and Shell Oil also have similar plans , calling for measures like blowout preventers and top kill procedures which failed to contain the ongoing spill , lawmakers said .
When it comes to emergency plans , the " only technology you seem to be relying on is a Xerox machine , " Markey told the oil execs .
Exxon Mobil Chairman and CEO Rex Tillerson called the walrus debacle an " embarrassment . "
ConocoPhillips CEO James Mulva and Chevron CEO John Watson followed suit , saying they too found the walruses " inappropriate " for a Gulf of Mexico response plan .
' Not equipped ' for worst case scenario
Asked if the Exxon would have done anything differently than BP , Tillerson explained that he would have used a " different well design " and a " different cement formulation " than those used by BP at the Deepwater Horizon rig , which exploded and sank on April 20 , killing 11 workers and causing the leak that is fouling the Gulf .
But when Rep. Bart Stupak , D - Mich. , pointed out that ExxonMobil used the same plan as BP , authored by the New Jersey - based contractor Marine Spill Response Corp. , Tillerson admitted that his company is " not equipped " to handle a worst - case scenario .
" That 's why the emphasis is always on preventing these things from occurring because when they happen we are not very well - equipped to deal with them , " said Tillerson .
" And that 's just a fact of the enormity of what we are dealing with . "
The oil executives also told the committee that scaling back offshore drilling in wake of the Gulf Coast spill would only make matters worse in the region because it would mean cutting jobs , limiting government revenues and heightening the country 's dependence on foreign drilling .
Both Exxon and Chevron 's CEOs said they would most likely redeploy their deepwater rigs and personnel to other places in the world if not allowed to drill off U.S. shores .
" We would redirect human resources to other parts of the world where we 're allowed to work , " Exxon 's Tillerson said .
" This stuff is too expensive to just let sit around . "
In May , President Obama extended a ban on deepwater drilling in the Gulf Coast from 30 days to six months .
The ban requires all Gulf wells drilling in more than 500 feet of water to shut down , and prevents new permits from being issued .
Wells that are already pumping crude can continue to operate .
In a letter to the company on Monday , Senate majority leader Harry Reid , D - Nev. , and other members of the Senate Democratic Caucus called on BP to establish a $ 20 billion account to pay for the oil spill .
The company is also weighing whether to issue its $ 2.4 billion second quarter dividend , which is set to be paid out in August .
Just hours before the hearing on Capitol Hill Tuesday , Fitch Ratings downgraded BP for a second time this month to just above junk status .
Aaron Smith , CNNMoney.com staff writer , contributed to this story .
RELATED :
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Egypt reopens border crossing
Aid groups say lack of recipient is problem
Hamas officials on Wednesday refused to allow into the Gaza Strip 21 truckloads of humanitarian aid that had been offloaded from the Gaza - bound flotilla ships currently docked at Ashdod Port , until “ all ” of those detained in Monday ’s naval raid were released .
The deportation of those detainees – except for those who have refused efforts to return them to their home countries – was in its final stages on Wednesday night , as hundreds of people were flown out of Ben-Gurion Airport to Istanbul , before continuing on to their final destinations .
A senior official from the office of the Coordinator of Government Activities in the Territories ( COGAT ) toldon Wednesday night that the trucks were waiting to go into Gaza at the Kerem Shalom border crossing , pending approval from Hamas .
“ Hamas has refused to allow those trucks to go in , ” the official said , “ and if the aid is so urgent , my question is , why are they not allowing it into Gaza ?
” The official added that “ we have conducted talks with the Red Cross [ to try and get the aid in ] , but Hamas is still refusing .
In the meantime , the rest of truckloads will wait in Israel until further notice .
” The Hamas government ’s social welfare minister , Ahmed Kurd , said the group “ refuse [s ] to receive the humanitarian aid until all those who were detained aboard the ships are released .
We also insist that the equipment be delivered in its entirety . ” Kurd added that Israel ’s decision to allow a number of wheelchairs to be delivered to the Gaza Strip was a “ deception , ” claiming that the batteries needed to operate them had been removed by the IDF , rendering them useless .
Israel denies the claims , saying that the wheelchairs along with the batteries are waiting at the Kerem Shalom crossing .
The Hamas minister also said that Israel ’s decision to send some of the aid that had been seized aboard the ships to the Gaza Strip was designed to divert attention from the “ massacre ” that had taken place in the sea .
Calling to lift the blockade on the coastal territory , Kurd welcomed Egypt ’s decision to reopen the Rafah border crossing on Tuesday .
He expressed hope that the terminal would remain open on a permanent basis .
Egypt opened the terminal indefinitely in both directions for a second day on Wednesday .
Egyptian authorities , however , banned Hamas Health Minister Basem Naim from crossing at the Rafah terminal .
Naim was on his way from the Gaza Strip to attend a conference of the Arab Physicians Union in Algeria when the Egyptians turned him away .
The Egyptians did not offer any explanation for their decision to bar Naim from crossing .
Taher a - Nunu , spokesman for the Hamas government , said that the issue of the humanitarian aid would be resolved only through consultations with the organizers of the convoy in Turkey .
He stressed that Hamas ’s top priority now was to ensure the release of all those who had been detained aboard the ships .
The COGAT official added that his office oversaw the transfer of “ between 80 and 100 truckloads of humanitarian aid into Gaza every day , ” and that the initial estimate of the total amount of goods contained on the docked flotilla ships amounted to “ between 70 and 80 truckloads , or roughly one day of work at the Kerem Shalom Crossing .
” “ Among the cargo [ offloaded so far ] are battery - powered wheelchairs , which are used for the elderly and handicapped , assorted medical items , medicines , foodstuffs , clothes and shoes , ” the official continued .
“ But we have had difficulty in disclosing what is actually on the boats , because it was jumbled around and poorly stowed .
We are currently dangling down ropes into the hull of the ships to identify what is inside .
” Aid organization representatives in Gaza pointed to a differentproblem .
Under normal conditions , they said , shipments of goods wouldbe met on the Palestinian side by the intended recipient , such as amerchant or an aid organization .
In this case , however , the cargo wasmeant to be delivered directly to the Gaza authorities , and since Israel refuses to deal directly with Hamas , the transfer of goods isfrozen .
“ No one knows who the cargo was intended for .
It is up to the donors inthe source countries to decide who should receive it , and since it isunclear who the donors are and where they intended for the equipment togo , no one can claim it , ” said a source in Gaza .
However , COGAT spokesman Maj .
Guy Inbar dismissed this claim .
“ People in Gaza have been claiming that there is a humanitarian crisisthere for years , ” he said .
“ I find it difficult to believe that theydo n’t know what to do with medicine , food , clothes and blankets .
Theleast they can do is carry it off to storage until the proper recipientis identified .
” Inbar said that COGAT had unsuccessfully made efforts to identify therecipients of the cargo since the flotilla first left its port .
“ This proves that the whole thing was a provocation and a propagandamove and that no one really cares about the people of Gaza , ” he said .
Before you buy TikTok likes from us , we suggest reading these frequently asked questions to remove all ambiguities .
Is it possible to buy likes for my TikTok account ?
Absolutely .
With our services , you can purchase TikTok likes for your account or page .
Choose a package that meets your objective , add it to the cart , and make the payment .
You are now all set to get popular on TikTok .
How to get in TikTok FYP ( For You Page ) ?
“ For you page ” in short “ FYP ” is the same as the trending list , which features those videos which TikTok users mostly like and share .
There are many ways to get featured in FYP , and some of them are following .
Trending Topics Videos Trending Topic Hashtags
Get maximum likes , comments , views , and shares Paid promotion ( buy TikTok views , likes , and shares )
Why should someone buy TikTok followers ?
As stated above , currently , TikTok has more than 800 Million ACTIVE users daily worldwide .
This number means having massive TikTok fan following can get anyone viral - star overnight or in just a few moments .
Let ’s take an example ; currently , you want to be a TikTok star and created a fascinating video , but having NO FOLLOWERS , how could you imagine that you will get in FYP or a viral - star ?
Well , in this situation , you must have to utilize some social media growth hack to get TikTok followers .
In this scenario , not only , you have to buy TikTok followers but also have to purchase likes , views , and shares because having more followers on your profile will get you more creditability for your upcoming videos .
How to buy TikTok Followers ?
We assume that from now , you have better knowledge about TikTok , and you may consider buying TikTok followers .
We at InstaDean promised to deliver the highest quality of followers at very affordable prices .
We will make sure that you will get only quality as we never compromise on it .
We made an effortless and a unique checkout system to buy TikTok followers .
Follow the below steps .
As you already on InstaDean , please select your desired package and click on the “ Buy Now ” button .
Enter your profile link or even just your TikTok username with “ @ ” i.e. , @username Click the “ Add to Cart ” or “ Buy Now ” button to continue on the checkout page .
That ’s it , as soon as you complete your checkout through our secure payment gateways such as PayPal , Checkout , or Stripe we will start delivering your followers .
What are the maximum followers limit what I can purchase from Instadean ?
Currently , due to TikTok restriction , we are unable to deliver more than 10,000 followers in one go .
Between you can place multiple orders , and we will make sure you will get TikTok followers more than purchased .
Tip :
We always deliver extra followers to make you happy with your purchase
What if I have not received followers then ?
Please make sure of the following .
You must have your profile set to public , and account must be active .
Please double check that you have entered the correct username or URL .
Do n’t get panic ; sometimes its take a little bit extra time to deliver followers .
If the problem still exists , please get in touch with us to resolve your issue .
What if I lose some followers ?
Do n’t worry , till now this never happened .
But in case you lose some followers , we offer you free refill till 6 months of your last purchase .
These Radium Condoms were produced by the Nutex Company of 322 S. Seventh Street , Philadelphia , PA .
Based on the design of the tin and style of the graphics , I would guess that it probably dates from the 1940s .
Nevertheless , the NUTEX Trademark ( 262412 ) seems to have bee used since 1927 for " prophylactic rubber articles for the prevention of contagious diseases . "
The NUTEX Company was initially known as the Lederer Company .
Size : 2 1/2 " x 1 5/8 "
The city of San Carlos , facing a multimillion - dollar budget deficit brought on by the recession and rising employee costs , is considering a money - saving measure that is all but unheard of in the Bay Area - dissolving its Police Department and outsourcing the job of law enforcement .
After 85 years of having its own police force , supporters of the idea say , it 's time for San Carlos to hand the job either to the San Mateo County Sheriff 's Office or to neighboring Redwood City to eliminate nearly two - thirds of next year 's $ 3.5 million deficit .
But critics say having an outside agency handle local law enforcement would cost " the city of good living " control over its affairs .
Dissolving the 32 - member force , they maintain , would be a rickety fix for years of bad budget decisions .
San Carlos is not a high - intensity policing assignment .
The number of violent crimes in an average year is 27 , and there have been only three homicides in the city of 28,000 over the past decade .
Still , " we certainly do have issues that are of concern to local residents who are hoping to maintain their quality of life and the property values here , " City Manager Mark Weiss said .
" We certainly recognize that and respect that , " Weiss said .
" And yet the fact of the matter is , the city does not have adequate revenue to maintain the current business model to provide municipal service . "
Deputies as cops
There 's plenty of precedent in the Bay Area for outside agencies policing small cities .
Dublin 's police officers are Alameda County sheriff 's deputies .
In Contra Costa County , the sheriff patrols Danville , Lafayette , Oakley and Orinda .
Santa Clara County sheriff 's deputies handle crime in Cupertino , Los Altos Hills and Saratoga .
However , none of those cities ever had its own police force .
Locally , only Sonoma , which dissolved its police department in 2004 and turned to the Sonoma County Sheriff 's Department to save money , has ever done what San Carlos is considering .
" There 's no question in my mind that this is the wave of the future , " said Redwood City Mayor Jeff Ira .
" We all want to have our domain and protect our own domain , and that 's what really kept us from doing a lot of these things many years ago .
Unfortunately , it 's the crisis that brought us here . "
In May , the San Carlos City Council held a special session to review policing proposals by the sheriff 's office and Redwood City police .
The city is expected to decide this month whether to disband the force and select one of the agencies .
" We have two attractive offers from two professional organizations , " said Mayor Randy Royce , who believes the city should scrap its force .
" I am just elated to have two great proposals .
We can't go wrong either way . "
Raising funds proposed
But Ken Castle , who leads San Carlos ' largest neighborhood watch group , said having an outside agency police the city in a " work - for - hire arrangement really abrogates that kind of localized control . "
He said San Carlos should consider charging fees for recreational use and installing parking meters downtown to help raise the $ 2 million a year that outsourcing police services could save the city .
The sheriff 's department and Redwood City are also experiencing budget cuts , and choosing either would be like " jumping out of the frying pan and into the fire , " Castle said .
" Tossing this over the fence in a bidding war , I think , is absolutely the wrong way to do this . "
Competing suitors
The San Mateo County Sheriff 's Office already patrols Woodside and Portola Valley .
Sheriff Greg
Munks noted that his agency 's SWAT team , Office of Emergency Services and air squadron are based in San Carlos .
San Carlos and Redwood City police routinely work side - by - side , said Redwood City police Officer Mike Reynolds , president of that city 's Police Officers Association .
San Carlos officers are part of the Redwood City SWAT team .
" Criminals do n't care where jurisdictional boundaries are , " Reynolds said .
" They 're not going to stop at a line drawn across El Camino Real because it says San Carlos . "
San Carlos , which has cut its budget for 11 years in a row , is also considering outsourcing its fire and parks maintenance services .
Police and fire now make up 60 percent of the city 's $ 26 million budget .
The San Carlos Police Officers Association objects to any outsourcing and is blaming city officials for failing to manage budget challenges .
" It 's a bad idea , because they 're losing their department .
It will never be the same as being policed by your own department , " said Officer Gilbert Granado , president of the San Carlos police union .
All San Carlos officers would also be offered full - time , higher - paying jobs with the sheriff 's office , which now has 462 deputies , officials said .
There is no such guarantee if San Carlos chooses to go with the 87 - member Redwood City force .
Keeping the city 's identity
Regardless of which agency would handle San Carlos police services , the officers would keep the city 's identity by driving the same San Carlos police cars and wearing the same uniforms .
Indemnity agreements would hold either the county or Redwood City liable .
San Carlos City Councilman Matt Grocott said he supports the idea of a joint powers authority under which the city would maintain its police force but partner with another agency .
Munks , however , said he did n't believe a regional approach would be feasible .
" That would be way too confusing , " the sheriff said .
President Obama called for " America to seize its own destiny " and stop depending on foreign oil in his Oval Office speech Tuesday .
But Obama is just the latest in a long line of presidents who have tried to get the U.S. off of oil and failed .
Comedy Central 's Jon Stewart presented a little history lesson Wednesday to remind his viewers just how hard it is to beat the oil addiction .
Unlike many of his predecessors , Obama is one of the few presidents who has been willing say that oil is a finite resource .
" For decades we have known the days of cheap and easily accessible oil were numbered .
Now is the moment for this generation to embark on a national mission to unleash America 's innovation and seize control of our own destiny , " Obama said in his Tuesday speech .
But the call to end the country 's dependence on oil is n't a new one .
In his 2006 State of the Union address , President George W. Bush said , " This country can dramatically improve our environment , move beyond a petroleum based economy and make our dependence on Middle Eastern oil a thing of the past . "
" But back then in 2006 we did n't do it because oil dependence had at that point only entangled us in two simultaneous wars , " Stewart noted .
" But now it 's gotten us into two wars and a giant spill .
That 's the push we needed , " he said sarcastically .
" I wish we had taken care of this energy problem ten years ago when there was no war and the economy was great .
That would have been a great time to develop a long - term energy strategy , " said Stewart .
At the time , President Bill Clinton did have a similar idea .
" We need a long - term energy strategy to maximize conservation and the maximize the development of alternative sources of energy , " Clinton said in 2000 .
" And we would have done it too if he had n't gotten distracted by that other spill , " Stewart joked .
Perhaps Clinton was just echoing his predecessor .
In 1988 , President George H.W. Bush said , " There is no security for the United states in further dependence on foreign oil . "
" I bet the four guys before him would have gotten us off of foreign oil too if they had thought of it , " Stewart continued .
But they did .
In 1981 , President Ronald Reagan told a joint session of Congress , " We will continue supportive research leading to the development of new technologies and more independence of foreign oil . "
In a 1979 speech , President Jimmy Carter appeared outraged at the " intolerable dependence on foreign oil . "
President Gerald Ford touted " standby emergency programs to achieve the independence we want " in 1975 .
" We 'll break the back of the energy crisis .
We will lay the foundation for our future capacity to meet America 's energy needs from America 's own resources , " President Richard Nixon said in his 1974 State of the Union address .
Stewart was nearly speechless failure of the last eight presidents .
" Fool me once , shame on you .
Fool me twice , shame on me .
Fool me eight times , am I a f**king idiot ? " he wondered .
How is that for an awesomely misleading post title ?
I must be spending too much time on DIGG lately .
We just learned about a really cool yearly underwater ROV competition that is put on by APASE ( Arizona Promoters of Applied Science in Education ) .
The contest is called NURC ( The National Underwater Robotics Challenge ) and this year the contest is “ Quest For Nessie ! ”
How fun !
The government of Scotland has hired you and your team to help find and tag the legendary Loch Ness Monster .
Yes that ’s right , the Loch Ness Monster !
The Scottish Government says they know it exists for a fact now and need a professional robotics team to use an ROV to put a radio tag on it , as well as retrieve its egg from its nest .
Last years contest sounded fun too .
It was called the Underwater Typewriter Repairman .
Correction it was called Fire Under Ice and the winner was Underwater Typewriter Repairman .
Here is a video from the winner :
More info :
When is the competition ?
The competition will be held on June 11 - 13 , 2010 .
The teams that make it to the finals will compete at night and their ROV should be able to provide its own lights .
Finals will be from 8 pm to 4 am .
Where will the event take place ?
The event will be held at Chandler High School in Chandler , Arizona
Who may enter ?
The competition is open to any home school , jr. high , high school , jr. college or university as well as private corporations or adult teams .
Teams may consist of combinations of students , industry mentors , faculty members and parents .
Students must however be the ones competing in all the parts of the competition .
Adults can be team members , but the students do all the competing at the competition .
Private corporations or adults are the exception , unless they have students .
Jr. high , high school , colleges and universities , and corporations will be scored separately as categories , but they will all compete in the same mission .
All adult teams can enter and compete and will be scored against the universities .
Okay , I know it ’s weird to keep writing about Greenland from Hong Kong , but what can I say .
Greenland ’s constantly shifting landscape is a busy place .
The latest spasm of geography on the world ’s largest island was recorded last week , when between July 6 and 7 , scientists monitoring satellite images of Jakobshavn Isbrae glacier in west Greenland saw that it lost a 2.7 - square - mile chunk of ice in a 24 hour window .
Here ’s an aerial view of the back - t0 - back images , posted by NASA .
courtesy of Digital Globe
You can clearly see where the ice broke off in the image on the right .
It ’s not an unprecedented event in terms of the size of the calving , but the fact that it happened after an unusually mild winter when the annual sea ice did n’t form in that area is worrying .
Says Thomas Wagner , cryospheric program scientist at NASA Headquarters :
“ While there have been ice breakouts of this magnitude from Jakonbshavn and other glaciers in the past , this event is unusual because it occurs on the heels of a warm winter that saw no sea ice form in the surrounding bay …
While the exact relationship between these events is being determined , it lends credence to the theory that warming of the oceans is responsible for the ice loss observed throughout Greenland and Antarctica . ”
Jakobshavn , a tongue of the Greenland ice sheet off western Greenland , has retreated six miles in the past 10 years .
That ’s pretty dramatic stuff , even in a part of the world that has long been the canary in the cold mine for climate change .
According to NASA , scientists think 10 % of the ice loss from Greenland is happening at Jakobshavn , and that it ’s the single largest contributor to rising sea levels across the northern hemisphere .
This is an interesting illustration of Jakobshavn ’s major calving events since 1850 .
( 1851 is the black line on the left ; 2009 is the red line at the far right . )
Yikes .
In the summer of 2003 , when I visited Greenland for the first time , I was flying in a helicopter over the waters off the island ’s east near Tasiilaq , and the Danish pilot pointed out to me the jigsaw puzzle of icebergs floating downstream in the waters below us .
He said there were more than he ’d ever seen , as glaciers further north were breaking off more and more .
“ Things are pretty well messed up , ” I remember him telling me with a very Nordic stoicism .
That was seven years ago , on a totally different part of the island .
Looks like things are n’t getting much better , and when I see huge irreversible events like this one at Jakobshavn , I have to say , I ’m do n’t feel very stoic .
“ Great Lawyer !
From the beginning of my case up until now , she has been there for me every step of the way .
She has always been able to answer all of my questions and put my nerves at ease through this very stressful time for me and my family . ”
You know in life when there are things that you are used to but at the same time annoy you ?
Those things are exactly what artist Catrin Dulay has tried to express using illustrations with fun messages .
The world would be so perfect if everybody had a pen , if all the machines accepted wrinkled dollar bills , that all stickers peel off clean , etc .
Illustrations with clever messages are used by other artists as well , like these guys that wanted to show how ironic life would be if everything was upside down in our lives .
If you have a garden and a library , you have everything you need .
~ Marcus Tullius Cicero
Hope is founder of FundsforWriters.com .
Find her clips in Writer 's Digest , The Writer , and other trade magazines .
Alma Mater is Clemson University which gives her an eerie love for all things orange .
Her newest release is Palmetto Poison , released by Bell Bridge Books in February 2014 .
Lowcountry Bribe is the first in the Carolina Slade series .
Tidewater Murder is the second .
Available at Amazon , B&N and www.bellbridgebooks.com
Hope speaks to writers groups all over the country regarding earning a living as a writer , mystery writing , and her favorite subject , The Shy Writer .
She lives on the banks of Lake Murray in SC .
D3xter Profile Joined May 2010 Germany 17 Posts Last Edited : 2010-08-08 16:52:00 #1
The views expressed by this thread are not the official views of TeamLiquid .
net and its staff .
This is a forum thread and not official news .
A short history of Activision Blizzard or how B.
Net 2.0 came to be
July 2007 – July 2008 : Activision and Blizzard merge in an 18 billion $ deal into Activision Blizzard , with Activision as the dominant partner .
They get to appoint “ Robert A. Kotick ” as the new CEO ( Chief Executive Officer ) of the Holding company while Vivendi remains majority shareholder with 52 % .
Notice , that while it might be true that Blizzard gets to remain “ independent ” in decisions as how to make their games or put together their teams etc. , they both now share and have to please the same stakeholders , investors and have to ultimately answer to the same Board of Directors and Corporate Management .
http://www.activisionblizzard.com/corp/ml/aboutUs/boardOfDirectors.html
http://www.activisionblizzard.com/corp/ml/aboutUs/corporateManagement.html
[ image blocked ]
A nice article detailing some of the details of the merger from a business perspective :
Show nested quote +
Get a room
When Mike Morhaime first met Kotick , he was looking for a low - key setting to avoid sparking the sort of chatter that often emerges when high - profile business leaders meet in public .
Morhaime , then the chief executive of Blizzard , chose a steakhouse near his company 's Irvine , Calif. , headquarters .
But he ended up booking a large banquet room by mistake , leaving the two alone and rather conspicuous for the nearly four hours during which they contemplated the potential of a merger creating a new leader in the video - game business -- a combination that would rival Electronic Arts in size and market position .
" We wanted to keep it low - key , which was pretty hard to do in this huge room with just the two of us there , " Morhaime recalled with a laugh .
Kotick had long eyed Blizzard , a unit of French conglomerate Vivendi , which had become the top player in the market for PC - based games with its smash hit " World of Warcraft . "
Activision had its own string of blockbusters , including the World War II action game " Call of Duty " and the megahit " Guitar Hero , " which has sold more than 24 million units .
According to Morhaime , that first meeting sold him on the idea of the merger and on Kotick , who wound up running the combined company when the deal was consummated in July of this year .
" Bobby is a pretty unique guy when it comes to business strategy , " Morhaime said .
" He 's exceptionally quick .
Very smart .
He 's always open to listening and learning .
And he asks a lot of really good questions . "
Plus , Morhaime added , " He knows everybody . "
March 06 , 2008 : Even before the actual deal was finally approved by every party involved , Kotick started dreaming aloud of what could be done with StarCraft 2 and the new Battle .
Net :
: Activision and Blizzard merge in an 18 billion $ deal into Activision Blizzard , with Activision as the dominant partner .
They get to appoint “ Robert A. Kotick ” as the new CEO ( Chief Executive Officer ) of the Holding company while Vivendi remains majority shareholder with 52 % .
Notice , that while it might be true that Blizzard gets to remain “ independent ” in decisions as how to make their games or put together their teams etc. , they both now share and have to please the same stakeholders , investors and have to ultimately answer to the same Board of Directors and Corporate Management . [ image blocked ]
A nice article detailing some of the details of the merger from a business perspective :
http://www.marketwatch.com/story/bobby-kotick-changes-game-activision :
Even before the actual deal was finally approved by every party involved , Kotick started dreaming aloud of what could be done with StarCraft 2 and the new Battle .
Net : http://www.shacknews.com/onearticle.x/51641
Activision CEO
Robert Kotick has briefly mentioned his company 's plans for maximizing profit from Blizzard 's upcoming PC strategy sequel StarCraft II .
" On the Blizzard side , [ we need to ] really be figuring out things like the StarCraft business model for the future , with in - game advertising and sponsorship , [ which have ] really not been something that has moved the dial for anybody in the videogame industry , but that we think presents tremendous opportunity for the future , " said Kotick , according to Next - Gen .
" [ Blizzard ] has been thinking about how StarCraft , because it is a short - session experience , can actually be the model for in - game advertising and sponsorship and tournament play and ladder play for the future . "
2007 -2010 + :
In the meantime Blizzard introduces more and more “ pay - for ” features to World of Warcraft , like the “ Name Change ” for 10 $ , “ Character Re-Customization ” for 15 $ , the “ Character Transfer ” for 25 $ , “ Faction Change ” for 30 $ , Blizzard Mobile is getting made for phone sounds and pictures :
July 18 , 2008 : Some of the first signs of things to come in an Interview with Activision Blizzard ’s new CFO ( Chief Financial Officer ) Thomas Tippl :
: In the meantime Blizzard introduces more and more “ pay - for ” features to World of Warcraft , like the “ Name Change ” for 10 $ , “ Character Re-Customization ” for 15 $ , the “ Character Transfer ” for 25 $ , “ Faction Change ” for 30 $ , Blizzard Mobile is getting made for phone sounds and pictures : http://mobile.blizzard.com/ , a mount for 25 $ , several pets , additional protection with the Blizzard Authenticator , so you ’ll be safer against hackers for 6.50 $ instead of for free or the latest , an Internet interface for the World of Warcraft AH called the “ Remote Auction House ” as a “ Subscription - based service ” for cash ( 2.99 $ / month ) . :
Some of the first signs of things to come in an Interview with Activision Blizzard ’s new CFO ( Chief Financial Officer ) Thomas Tippl : http://www.develop-online.net/news/30184/QA-More-on-how-Activision-Blizzards-merger-impacts-its-studios
How much autonomy is Blizzard going to retain – and is there scope to use Activison and Vivendi ’s licences within that division ?
Blizzard has established the most successful business in all of video games .
It ’s not like we need to go there and fix something .
Blizzard will continue to operate as they have done in the past – fairly independently .
They have a top notch management and development team and we have a very high degree of confidence that they know how to run the business and a track record to prove it .
In addition , they have an extraordinarily strong product pipeline , with Starcraft , Wrath of the Litch King and Diablo 3 .
It ’s tremendous , and it would be a big mistake for us to distract them with new ideas .
But there are some opportunities we will be exploring , especially relating to their expertise in Asia .
If you consider that Guitar Hero is not in Asia yet and that the only way to create a business there is figuring out ways to work in internet cafes , etc. , we hope to benefit from their expertise .
Is there a message you want to send the European staff of Activision and Vivendi about their future prospects ?
Are you planning to reduce headcounts at these HQs ?
We do n’t have a formal plan at this point .
With every merger , there is overlap and redundancy , and so the same will be the case here .
Of course , we ’re going to go to our customers with one face .
We obviously do n’t need two sales forces .
There will be overlap that we will have to address .
Having said that , if you look at our industry , it ’s rapidly growing – last year it grew 30 per cent .
And we ’ve been growing more than three times that speed .
In fact , over time I fully expect our headcount to grow .
But in the short term we will exterminate some of our overlap through redundancy – but we will treat people fairly and respectfully in that process .
October 10 , 2008 : Only 3 months later , Blizzard decides that StarCraft II shall become a Trilogy , with its 3 parts “ Wings of Liberty ” , “ Heart of the Swarm ” and “ Legacy of the Void ” being sold separately :
For the people that do n't know it yet , the 3 parts will function similar to WarCraft 3 / TFT and StarCraft / Brood War for the multiplayer part e.g. they add new units and buildings and split the community between people owning them or not :
: Only 3 months later , Blizzard decides that StarCraft II shall become a Trilogy , with its 3 parts “ Wings of Liberty ” , “ Heart of the Swarm ” and “ Legacy of the Void ” being sold separately : http://kotaku.com/5061980/starcraft-ii-single-player-is-a-trilogy
For the people that do n't know it yet , the 3 parts will function similar to WarCraft 3 / TFT and StarCraft / Brood War for the multiplayer part e.g. they add new units and buildings and split the community between people owning them or not : http://eu.starcraft2.com/faq.xml
How will the expansion sets impact multiplayer gameplay ?
The expansion sets will add new content to each race for use in multiplayer matches .
This could include additions such as new units , abilities , and structures , along with new maps and Battle . net updates .
If I buy StarCraft II but do n't buy any of the expansion sets , will I still be able to play online ?
Yes .
This will work similarly to Warcraft III and the original StarCraft , which maintained separate online gaming lobbies and ladders for expansion set players and players with the base Warcraft III or StarCraft .
November 6 , 2008 : One can see actual changes in the corporate policy relatively early , Activision Blizzard drops titles like Brütal Legend , Ghostbusters , Riddick : Assault on Dark Athena , WET and a few others , because they do not fit the new business model .
Shortly after that , SIERRA Entertainment also gets shut down with an impending sale of the company remaining .
Kotick regarding this :
: One can see actual changes in the corporate policy relatively early , Activision Blizzard drops titles like Brütal Legend , Ghostbusters , Riddick : Assault on Dark Athena , WET and a few others , because they do not fit the new business model .
Shortly after that , SIERRA Entertainment also gets shut down with an impending sale of the company remaining .
Kotick regarding this :
http://www.gamasutra.com/php-bin/news_index.php?story=20984
With respect to the franchises that do n’t have the potential to be exploited every year across every platform , with clear sequel potential that can meet our objectives of , over time , becoming $ 100 million - plus franchises , that ’s a strategy that has worked very well for us .
September 16 , 2008 : Soon after , Kotick even believes , that with Activision Blizzard now being so big , he seems to have the right to dictate future consoles hardware design :
: Soon after , Kotick even believes , that with Activision Blizzard now being so big , he seems to have the right to dictate future consoles hardware design : " Now that we have the weight of being the largest payer of royalties to the first - parties of any third - party company , I definitely see us as starting to influence hardware design , and they 're thinking about the evolution of the next generation of hardware , " said Robert Kotick , Activision CEO , speaking to industry analysts .
April 30 , 2009 : Valve sues Activision Blizzard , because they chose to pay 1 million $ less royalties than was agreed :
: Valve sues Activision Blizzard , because they chose to pay 1 million $ less royalties than was agreed : http://www.gamespot.com/news/6208985.html
As reported by GamePolitics , Valve has filed suit this week in the US District Court for the Western District of Washington , claiming that Activision declined to pay out the whole award .
Specifically , the Half - Life 2 developer claimed that the Guitar Hero publisher is withholding some $ 424,000 of the payment , saying that it previously overpaid royalties to the studio .
Valve also said that Activision threatened to file a separate suit seeking that aforementioned overpayment money if the publisher 's short - changing on the arbitration award was challenged in court .
This is one of many lawsuits against or initiated by Activision in dispute with ( former ) business partners and employees … for more examples see the bottom of the linked GameSpot article above , which would ultimately later lead to the claim that Kotick would “ prefer to pay his lawyers instead of his employees ” .
June 4 , 2009 : Just shortly after , Activision decides to sue “ Double Fine ” ( the developers of Brütal Legend , a game they dropped themselves almost a year ago and was now being published by EA ) .
After the title got high recognition at that year ’s E3 Activision wants to prevent the release of the game and claims the developers missed important deadlines and did not manage to complete the game on time .
They also claim they never handed over the contract for it in the first place .
It ended with a settlement .
http://www.joystiq.com/2009/06/04/activision-sues-double-fine-over-brutal-legend/
June 19 , 2009 : Kotick threatens SONY to drop the price - point of their console(s ) or he could drop the support for those platforms :
This is one of many lawsuits against or initiated by Activision in dispute with ( former ) business partners and employees … for more examples see the bottom of the linked GameSpot article above , which would ultimately later lead to the claim that Kotick would “ prefer to pay his lawyers instead of his employees ” . :
Just shortly after , Activision decides to sue “ Double Fine ” ( the developers of Brütal Legend , a game they dropped themselves almost a year ago and was now being published by EA ) .
After the title got high recognition at that year ’s E3 Activision wants to prevent the release of the game and claims the developers missed important deadlines and did not manage to complete the game on time .
They also claim they never handed over the contract for it in the first place .
It ended with a settlement . : Kotick threatens SONY to drop the price - point of their console(s ) or he could drop the support for those platforms :
http://www.gamasutra.com/php-bin/news_index.php?story=24118
" I 'm getting concerned about Sony ; the PlayStation 3 is losing a bit of momentum and they do n't make it easy for me to support the platform , " Kotick told the UK Times Online , adding that the return on investment is " better " on the Wii and Xbox 360 .
" They have to cut the price , because if they do n't , the attach rates [ the number of games each console owner buys ] are likely to slow , " said Kotick .
" If we are being realistic , we might have to stop supporting Sony . "
" When we look at 2010 and 2011 , we might want to consider if we support the console , " he said -- and also included the PSP as an area to re-examine .
June 28 , 2009 : A few more details of the new Battle .
Net 2.0 get out , for instance that StarCraft II and Diablo III will not offer a LAN - mode anymore ( so everyone that wants to play with you , including friends and family HAS to buy a copy of the game and all Add - Ons and give Blizzard them $ $ ) and that it might contain a few “ monetized features ” and micro transactions .
Clarification for the above statement : StarCraft I , WarCraft II and Diablo had a feature called "
The new version of B.
Net 2.0 works in such a way , that even when living under the same roof and another person only wanting to try the game or play with you casually , they still have to own a full second copy of the game + all Add - On keys to be able to do this .
http://www.incgamers.com/Interviews/190/StarCraftIIDevelopersInterviewed
: A few more details of the new Battle .
Net 2.0 get out , for instance that StarCraft II and Diablo III will not offer a LAN - mode anymore ( so everyone that wants to play with you , including friends and family HAS to buy a copy of the game and all Add - Ons and give Blizzard them $ $ ) and that it might contain a few “ monetized features ” and micro transactions .
Clarification for the above statement : StarCraft I , WarCraft II and Diablo had a feature called " Spawn installation " , with which you could legally install the same game with the same CD - Key on a friends or family members PC , with the restriction that the SinglePlayer could n't be played from the " Spawn version " and they could only join Multiplayer games , you , with the Original CD - Key and Installation were in .
While the feature was n't there specifically for WarCraft III , LAN games with the same CD - Key were still possible , this helped people try out the game with friends and buy it if they liked it , I personally know of at least 3 sales by friends attributed to this feature .
The new version of B.
Net 2.0 works in such a way , that even when living under the same roof and another person only wanting to try the game or play with you casually , they still have to own a full second copy of the game + all Add - On keys to be able to do this .
So what 's Battle .
net all about and how is it different ?
The new Battle . net will completely revolutionise the current version , but Blizzard is still looking to making this experience free for anyone buying StarCraft II or future games that use Battle .
net .
One idea which has been discussed in different iterations is microtransactions , meaning the service is free , but added value services like starting a custom tournament , league , or the like would cost a small amount of money .
He mentioned WoW as an example , where " value added services " like server transfers are paid for , but " you can get the full experience of Battle .
net with all the features just from buying the box . "
Another example being the “ map- marketplace ” , where Blizzard maps and “ Premium ” user - maps can be sold alike with a portion of the revenue going to the map creators .
http://kotaku.com/5343006/blizzard-you-may-sell-your-starcraft-2-maps-on-battlenet-eventually
Another example being the “ map- marketplace ” , where Blizzard maps and “ Premium ” user - maps can be sold alike withof the revenue going to the map creators .
Blizzard wants to foster the best mod community in existence , and to that ends they 've unveiled plans to single out premium custom - created maps for sales on a StarCraft 2 marketplace .
Maps will be split into two categories - normal and premium - with the former free and the latter for sale , with a portion of the proceeds going to the map 's creators .
Blizzard hopes this will lead to more choice for StarCraft 2 players , and more innovative and creative custom maps fueled by the potential financial rewards .
Additionally , a few concerns regarding said marketplace and privacy are being raised , considering the Battle .
Net 2.0 Terms of Use :
Additionally , a few concerns regarding said marketplace and privacy are being raised , considering the Battle .
Net 2.0 Terms of Use : http://us.blizzard.com/en-us/company/about/termsofuse.html
User Content .
" User Content " means any communications , images , sounds , and all the material and information that you upload or transmit through a Game client or the Service , or that other users upload or transmit , including without limitation any chat text .
You hereby grant Blizzard a perpetual , irrevocable , worldwide , paid - up , non-exclusive , license , including the right to sublicense to third parties , and right to reproduce , fix , adapt , modify , translate , reformat , create derivative works from , manufacture , introduce into circulation , publish , distribute , sell , license , sublicense , transfer , rent , lease , transmit , publicly display , publicly perform , or provide access to electronically , broadcast , communicate to the public by telecommunication , display , perform , enter into computer memory , and use and practice such User Content as well as all modified and derivative works thereof .
To the extent permitted by applicable laws , you hereby waive any moral rights you may have in any User Content .
Content Screening and Disclosure .
We do not , and cannot , pre-screen or monitor all User Content .
However , our representatives may monitor and / or record your communications ( including without limitation chat text ) when you are using the Service or playing a Game , and you hereby provide your irrevocable consent to such monitoring and recording .
You acknowledge and agree that you have no expectation of privacy concerning the transmission of any User Content , including without limitation chat text or voice communications .
We do not assume any responsibility or liability for User Content that is generated by users .
We have the right , but not the obligation , in our sole discretion to edit , refuse to post , or remove any User Content .
WE ALSO RESERVE THE RIGHT , AT ALL TIMES AND IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION , TO DISCLOSE ANY USER CONTENT AND OTHER INFORMATION ( INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION CHAT TEXT , VOICE COMMUNICATIONS , IP ADDRESSES , AND YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION ) FOR ANY REASON , including without limitation ( a ) to satisfy any applicable law , regulation , legal process or governmental request ; ( b ) to enforce the terms of this or any other agreement or Blizzard policy ; ( c ) to protect our legal rights and remedies ; ( d ) where we feel someone ’s health or safety may be threatened ; or ( e ) to report a crime or other offensive behavior .
July 9 , 2009 : The Blizzcon prices for 2009 are being raised from 100 $ to 125 $ ( they have been raised to 150 $ for 2010 by the way ) , also Blizzard in a partnership with DIRECTV ( and with increasing desire for more $ $ ) provide Live Streaming of the Event for only 39.95 $ , although Streams from such events as the E3 , Tokyo Gameshow or GamesCom are usually free …
http://www.sk-gaming.com/content/25054-BlizzCon_video_stream_not_free_3995_pay_per_view
August 5 , 2009 : Shortly after Activision Blizzard announced , that it is going to raise the prices of games , starting with Modern Warfare 2 and games with additional Hardware like “ Tony Hawk : Rider ” , “ Guitar Hero ” and “ DJ Hero ” , Kotick mentions to an Analyst , that if it would be up to him he ’d raise the prices even further :
: The Blizzcon prices for 2009 are being raised from 100 $ to 125 $ ( they have been raised to 150 $ for 2010 by the way ) , also Blizzard in a partnership with DIRECTV ( and with increasing desire for more $ $ ) provide Live Streaming of the Event for39.95 $ , although Streams from such events as the E3 , Tokyo Gameshow or GamesCom are usually free … : Shortly after Activision Blizzard announced , that it is going to raise the prices of games , starting with Modern Warfare 2 and games with additional Hardware like “ Tony Hawk : Rider ” , “ Guitar Hero ” and “ DJ Hero ” , Kotick mentions to an Analyst , that if it would be up to him he ’d raise the prices even further :
http://www.destructoid.com/kotick-i-would-raise-game-prices-higher-if-i-could-143049.phtml
And Tony , you know if it was left to me , I would raise the prices even further .
Same day , a few more details about StarCraft II get out , for instance that StarCraft II got delayed because of Battle .
Net 2.0 , and that ’ll be “ like Xbox Live ” :
Same day , a few more details about StarCraft II get out , for instance that StarCraft II got delayed because of Battle .
Net 2.0 , and that ’ll be “ like Xbox Live ” : http://www.gamasutra.com/php-bin/news_index.php?story=24732
" This will begin with World of Warcraft and StarCraft II , " Kotick added , calling the planned service , built by the Blizzard team , " similar to Xbox Live . "
" There is no better opportunity to launch this strategic initiative than through the launch of StarCraft II , " said Kotick on the call .
" The Battle . net platform is an investment in the future of gaming , and an opportunity that we are uniquely positioned to capitalize on . "
September 15 , 2009 : At the “ Deutsche Bank Security Technology Conference ” , Kotick holds his best public speech yet :
: At the “ Deutsche Bank Security Technology Conference ” , Kotick holds his best public speech yet :
http://www.geeks.co.uk/7282-activision’s-bobby-kotick-hates-developers-innovation-cheap-games-you
In the last cycle of videogames you spent $ 50 on a game , played it and took it back to the shop for credit .
Today , we ’ll ( charge ) $ 100 for a guitar .
You might add a microphone or drums ; you might buy two or three expansions packs , different types of music .
Over the life of your ownership you ’ll probably buy around 25 additional song packs in digital downloads .
So , what used to be a $ 50 sale is a $ 500 sale today .
Most of the 20 years , that I have provided for growth at Activision , we were content to make products that are attractive to the 16 - 35 year old guy who has gotten no date for Saturday night .
As he works himself up to his personal masterpiece …
As he works himself up to his personal masterpiece …
Kotick noted that in the past he changed the employee incentive program so that it " really rewards profit and nothing else . "
He continued , " You have studio heads who five years ago did n't know the difference between a balance sheet and a bed sheet who are now arguing allocations in our CFO 's office pretty regularly .
...
We have a real culture of thrift .
The goal that I had in bringing a lot of the packaged goods folks into Activision about 10 years ago was to take all the fun out of making video games . "
Yes , he just said that .
Ultimately , Kotick does n't want his employees to take anything for granted .
They should always be aware of " skepticism , pessimism , and fear " in the midst of the global economic downturn .
" We are very good at keeping people focused on the deep depression , " he said .
October 18 , 2009 : It gets confirmed , that Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 will not support Dedicated Servers or Mods anymore , and that it will require Steam .
The most likely reason for this is for Activision to be able to have total control over content ( like Blizzard is trying to do with the Map Publishing System ) sell their internal map packs instead of having people play maps made by Modders for free , and it seems to have succeeded :
http://kotaku.com/5384057/new-modern-warfare-matchmaking-service-will-definitely-reshape-pc-community
November 12 , 2009 : A Call of Duty title based on monthly subscription fees is being announced by Activision Blizzard ’s CFO ( Chief Financial Officer ) Thomas Tippl :
: It gets confirmed , that Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 will not support Dedicated Servers or Mods anymore , and that it will require Steam .
The most likely reason for this is for Activision to be able to have total control over content ( like Blizzard is trying to do with the Map Publishing System ) sell their internal map packs instead of having people play maps made by Modders for free , and it seems to have succeeded :
http://www.pcworld.com/article/193808/modern_warfare_2_download_shatters_sales_records.html : A Call of Duty title based on monthly subscription fees is being announced by Activision Blizzard ’s CFO ( Chief Financial Officer ) Thomas Tippl : http://www.edge-online.com/news/activision-looking-at-paid-online-models-for-call-of-duty
" It 's definitely an aspiration that we see potential in , particularly as we look at different business models to monetise the online gameplay , " he said , according to IGN .
" There 's good knowledge exchange happening between the Blizzard folks and our online guys .
" We have great experience also on Call Of Duty with the success we had on Xbox Live and PlayStation Network .
A lot of that knowledge is getting actually built into the Battle .
Net platform and the design of that .
I think it 's been mutually beneficial , and you should expect us to test and ultimately launch additional online monetization models of some of some of our biggest franchises like Call Of Duty . "
Tippl also said that he was n’t concerned about how gamers would react to having to pay for additional features .
" Our gamers are telling us there 's lots of services and innovation they would like to see that they 're not getting yet .
From what we see so far , additional content , as well as all the services Blizzard is offering , is that there is demand from the core gamers to pay up for that . ”
How that “ subscription fee ” could look is shown in a few images from a survey concerning the payment model :
http://bulk2.destructoid.com/ul/135924-rumortoid-activision-creating-a-service-for-call-of-duty/CoDsubscrip01-noscale.jpg
http://bulk2.destructoid.com/ul/135924-rumortoid-activision-creating-a-service-for-call-of-duty/CoDsubscrip02-noscale.jpg
http://bulk2.destructoid.com/ul/135924-rumortoid-activision-creating-a-service-for-call-of-duty/CoDsubscrip03-noscale.jpg
February 10 , 2010 : After modest sales of their new “ Guitar Hero ” ( about ~ 25 titles in only 4 years ) and “ Tony Hawk ” titles , Activision does a sweeping blow :
http://kotaku.com/5469802/prototype-developer-radical-cut-in-half
http://kotaku.com/5469858/activision-takes-axe-to-guitar-heros-neversoft-shuts-down-luxoflux
http://kotaku.com/5470149/activision-shutters-guitar-hero-creators-gh-van-halen-developers
Radical Entertainment ( Prototype , Scarface , Hulk : Ultimate Destruction ) – they fire over 90 employees ( about half the staff ) ,
Luxoflux ( True Crime , Kung Fu Panda , Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen ) – closed down ,
Neversoft ( Guitar Hero , Tony Hawk , Spider - Man ) – fire over 50 employees ,
RedOctane ( Guitar Hero and Plastic Instruments ) – closed down ,
Underground Development ( Guitar Hero : Van Halen , BMX XXX , Freestyle BMX , X - Men ) – closed
The very same day this was decided , later Kotick mentioned in an Interview as if to spite those fired :
How that “ subscription fee ” could look is shown in a few images from a survey concerning the payment model : :
After modest sales of their new “ Guitar Hero ” ( about ~ 25 titles in only 4 years ) and “ Tony Hawk ” titles , Activision does a sweeping blow : ( Prototype , Scarface , Hulk : Ultimate Destruction ) – they fire over 90 employees ( about half the staff ) , ( True Crime , Kung Fu Panda , Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen ) – closed down , ( Guitar Hero , Tony Hawk , Spider - Man ) – fire over 50 employees , ( Guitar Hero and Plastic Instruments ) – closed down , ( Guitar Hero : Van Halen , BMX XXX , Freestyle BMX , X - Men ) – closed
The very same day this was decided , later Kotick mentioned in an Interview as if to spite those fired : http://kotaku.com/5468976/activision-boasts-156-billion-better-than-expected-q4
Our significant accomplishments in 2009 are the result of the expertise and skills of our employees around the world .
Their hard work and commitment to excellence made us stronger even during difficult times .
February 28 , 2010 : A fan project called “ King ’s Quest 9 – The Silver Lining ” is being terminated by Activision , shortly before its release .
You could say … sure this always happens , but this time it was a bit different .
The team of hobby - developers , which started working on the project back in 2002 ( about 8 years ago ) and got a cease - and - desist from Vivendi Universal in 2005 , managed to negotiate a deal for a “ non-commercial fan license ” , which allowed them to develop and publish “ The Silver Lining ” after all .
2010 , nearly done with the work on the project , they handed in a copy for review as agreed in said contract , upon which ( the rights to it now belonging to Activision )
Activision decided it had no interest in doing anything of the likes and sent another cease - and - desist instead , forcing them to take down their website and forums and to stop working on the project immediately , which they had to do .
http://kotaku.com/5482221/activision-terminates-fan made-kings-quest-extension
http://www.tsl-game.com/
March 2 - 4 , 2010 : A bunch of security people raid the Infinity Ward offices , both studio heads / CEOs Jason West and Vince Zampella get fired , they were replaced by internal Activision Publishing employees ( who worked for Procter & Gamble and Nestle before ) .
Just 2 days later , the 2 ex-CEOs file a lawsuit against Activision regarding the rights to “ Modern Warfare ” and 36 $ million of royalties + damages .
A few excerpts from said “ lawsuit ” :
Show nested quote +
23 . West and Zampella were not as eager as Activision to jump into the development of Modern Warfare 2 .
Despite assurances by Activision that West and Zampella would have complete freedom to run Infinity Ward as an independent studio , Activision had begun to intrude upon Infinity Ward 's ability to create quality games .
For example , Activision forced Infinity Ward 's employees to continue producing the games at a break neck pace under aggressive schedules , and West and Zampella were concerned that Activision was emphasizing quantity over quality .
Given Activision 's insistence that Infinity Ward continue to focus on sequels to Call of Duty games instead of new intellectual property , West and Zampella were also concerned that Activision 's demands risked " burning out " the Infinity Ward employees ' creativity .
Nurturing a creative environment had been one of the cornerstones of Infinity Ward 's success .
West and Zampella were not eager to extend their employment ; especially as they watched their games receive countless awards and make Activision billions of dollars , while many Infinity Ward employees were not being provided a fair share .
25 .
To induce West and Zampella to create a game they had no obligation to create and to extend an Employment Agreement that was just months from expiring , Activision made several important promises in the MOU .
First , the MOU gives West and Zampella creative authority over the development of any games under the Modern Warfare brand ( or any Call of Duty game set in the post - Vietnam era , the near future or the distant future ) including complete control over the Infinity Ward studio .
The MOU explicitly provides that no such game can be commercially released without the written consent of West and Zampella .
Second , the MOU gives West and Zampella the right to operate Infinity Ward independently and to choose to develop new intellectual property after they completed Modern Warfare 2 .
30 .
In wake of Modern Warfare 2's success , Activision chose not to honor the MOU or Employment Agreement with West and Zampella .
Activision chose , instead , to launch a pre-textual investigation against West and Zampella to create a basis to fire the two co-heads of Infinity Ward before the first Modern Warfare 2 royalty payment would be paid in the ordinary course , on March 31 , 2010 .
...
Activision refused to tell either West or Zampella what specific acts or omissions Activision believed they had committed or what was prompting the investigation , insisting instead in Orwellian fashion that West and Zampella " already have a clear understanding of what they have or have not done . "
West and Zampella were told only that Activision was investigating potential " breaches of contract " and " violations " of Activision policies , and threatened that anything less than their full cooperation with the inquisition would constitute " insubordination " , which itself would justify their termination .
32 . Activision conducted the investigation in a manner designed to maximize the inconvenience and anxiety it would cause West and Zampella .
On little notice , Activision insisted on conducting interviews over the Presidents '
Day holiday weekend ;
West and Zampella were interrogated for over six hours in a windowless conference room ; Activision investigators brought other Infinity Ward employees to tears in their questioning and accusations and threatened West and Zampella with " insubordination " if they attempted to console them ; Activision 's outside counsel demanded that West and Zampella surrender their personal computers , phones and communication devices to Activision for review by Activision 's outside counsel and , when West and Zampella asserted their legally protected privacy rights , Activision 's counsel said that doing so constituted further acts ( of ) insubordination .
West and Zampella are also entitled to exercise creative authority over the development of any games to be published under the Modern Warfare brand over any of the conduct of Infinity Ward Studio .
But the day after it fired West and Zampella , Activision announced new strategic and personnel plans for Call of Duty franchise and has asserted complete control over the Modern Warfare brand and the Infinity Ward Studio .
In the aftermath Jason and Vince create “ Respawn Entertainment ” , and over 30 + key Infinity Ward employees leave Activision , some of them joining them there ( after themselves filing another group lawsuit against Activision regarding them not being paid / withheld their bonuses to force a “ Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 3 ” )
http://g4tv.com/thefeed/blog/post/704273/infinity-ward-employee-group-files-lawsuit-against-activision-over-unpaid-royalties-alleges-devs-held-hostage.html
: A fan project called “ King ’s Quest 9 – The Silver Lining ” is being terminated by Activision , shortly before its release .
You could say … sure this always happens , but this time it was a bit different .
The team of hobby - developers , which started working on the project back in 2002 ( about 8 years ago ) and got a cease - and - desist from Vivendi Universal in 2005 , managed to negotiate a deal for a “ non-commercial fan license ” , which allowed them to develop and publish “ The Silver Lining ” after all .2010 , nearly done with the work on the project , they handed in a copy for review as agreed in said contract , upon which ( the rights to it now belonging to Activision )
Activision decided it had no interest in doing anything of the likes and sent another cease - and - desist instead , forcing them to take down their website and forums and to stop working on the project immediately , which they had to do . :
A bunch of security people raid the Infinity Ward offices , both studio heads / CEOs Jason West and Vince Zampella get fired , they were replaced by internal Activision Publishing employees ( who worked for Procter & Gamble and Nestle before ) .
Just 2 days later , the 2 ex-CEOs file a lawsuit against Activision regarding the rights to “ Modern Warfare ” and 36 $ million of royalties + damages .
A few excerpts from said “ lawsuit ” :
In the aftermath Jason and Vince create “ Respawn Entertainment ” , and over 30 + key Infinity Ward employees leave Activision , some of them joining them there ( after themselves filing another group lawsuit against Activision regarding them not being paid / withheld their bonuses to force a “ Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 3 ” )
I 've obtained a copy of a lawsuit filed this morning in the Los Angeles Superior Court by 38 plaintiffs , calling themselves the " Infinity Ward Employee Group , " against Activision .
The Infinity Ward Employee Group ( whom I 'll refer to as IWEG throughout the rest of this story ) alleges breach of contract , breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing , violation of California labor code and more .
The group is after a large amount of unpaid royalties .
" Activision owes my clients approximately $ 75 million to $ 125 million dollars , " said Bruce Isaacs , one of the IWEG 's attorneys at Wyman & Isaacs LLP , over the phone this afternoon .
" Activision has withheld most of the money to force many of my people to stay , some against their will , so that they would finish the delivery of Modern Warfare 3 .
That is not what they wanted to do .
Many of them .
My clients ' entitled to their money .
Activision has no right to withhold their money -- our money . "
http://kotaku.com/5484026/activisions-new-plans-for-call-of-duty-include-new-developer-new-genres
http://kotaku.com/5485703/ousted-infinity-ward-founders-lawsuit-against-activision-the-court-documents/gallery/
March 30 , 2010 : In a " Activision Blizzard restructuring move " , the above often quoted CFO ( Chief Financial Officer ) Thomas Tippl is , according to Massively and the L.A.
Times put in charge as COO ( Chief Operations Officer ) of the " Blizzard business unit " , with Mike Morhaime directly reporting to him , according to Joystiq Tippl basically gets paid more , the more revenue the company makes :
http://www.massively.com/2010/03/31/acti-blizz-restructuring-assigns-new-executive-to-blizzard/
http://www.joystiq.com/2010/03/30/activision-cfo-thomas-tippl-now-coo/
http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/entertainmentnewsbuzz/2010/03/activision-quietly-restructures-senior-management-and-internal-organization.html
: In a " Activision Blizzard restructuring move " , the above often quoted CFO ( Chief Financial Officer ) Thomas Tippl is , according to Massively and the L.A.
Times put in charge as COO ( Chief Operations Officer ) of the " Blizzard business unit " , with Mike Morhaime directly reporting to him , according to Joystiq Tippl basically gets paid more , the more revenue the company makes :
The new company map features one business unit focused squarely on the Call of Duty franchise , another overseeing Activision - owned brands such as Tony Hawk and Guitar Hero , and a third unit to handle licensed properties .
Blizzard Entertainment rounds out the fourth unit but interestingly , Blizzard 's Mike Morhaime now reports directly to newly appointed chief operating officer Thomas Tippl , who in turn reports to Activision CEO Bobby Kotick .
" This is an important change as it will allow me , with Thomas , to become more deeply involved in areas of the business where I believe we can capture great potential and opportunity , " Kotick said in the employee memo .
" Performance shares " are , according to Investopedia , " shares of company stock given to managers only if certain company wide performance criteria are met , such as earnings per share targets . "
Meaning , in so many words , that Activision has to meet a certain performance level in order for Tippl to earn said shares .
That they will " vest ratably " is only to say that on Feb. 15 of each year for the next four years , he will earn part of that eventual 225,000 - share goal ( in 2014 ) ... should he stay in his position for all that time , of course .
And finally , this is all based on the prediction that he delivers a higher or equal to non-GAAP earning per share when compared to the previous year .
In short , he has to either break even or make money to get the stocks , and he has to maintain that for the next four years .
Quite a tall order , sir !
May 5 , 2010 : After already having developed the “ World of WarCraft Armory App ” for Facebook , it is decided to be integrated into the new Battle .
Net 2.0 full time and Blizzard already announced further features coming from said “ partnership ” …
http://kotaku.com/5531740/starcraft-ii-hooks-up-with-facebook
Blizzard concerning privacy :
: After already having developed the “ World of WarCraft Armory App ” for Facebook , it is decided to be integrated into the new Battle .
Net 2.0 full time and Blizzard already announced further features coming from said “ partnership ” … Blizzard concerning privacy : Should I be concerned about the privacy settings on my Facebook account ?
Both Blizzard Entertainment and Facebook take the security of personal information very seriously .
FaceBook CEO concerning privacy :
FaceBook CEO concerning privacy : http://www.businessinsider.com/well-these-new-zuckerberg-ims-wont-help-facebooks-privacy-problems-2010-5
Zuckerberg : Yeah so if you ever need info about anyone at Harvard
Zuckerberg : Just ask .
Zuckerberg : I have over 4,000 emails , pictures , addresses , SNS
[ Redacted Friend 's Name ] : What ?
How'd you manage that one ?
Zuckerberg : People just submitted it .
Zuckerberg : I do n't know why .
Zuckerberg :
They " trust me "
Zuckerberg : Dumb f*cks .
Expand this Quote , if you want to know more about why FaceBook made it into Battle .
Net 2.0 over several dozen other features .
Show nested quote +
From 2008 :
http://kotaku.com/383589/activision-worried-aboutfacebook
http://www.mcvuk.com/news/30332/Kotick-Facebook-is-a-threat-to-games
Activision CEO Bobby Kotick is n't worried about Guitar Hero growing stale or Tony Hawk losing out to Skate .
Or , at least that stuff is n't keeping him up at night .
The bigger threat to Activision games is ( dun dun dun ) social networking .
He explains :
Figuring out how to make the game experience more fun than any one of a hundred Facebook applications is going to be a challenge .
It seems like baby boomers and even some Gen Xers still do n't grasp the more modern concept of multitasking .
Mr. Kotick , you may want to sit down for this .
We may use ten apps within Facebook , but we often do so while playing a game ..
From 2009 :
http://nukezilla.com/2010/02/11/kotick-on-social-games-interesting-but-unproven/
Zynga ’s wildly popular FarmVille has made a lot of traction in the modern gaming industry , but Activision ’s Bobby Kotick has said that while the phenomenon is ‘ interesting ’ , social games remain ‘ characterized by [ an ] unproven business model ’ .
The current model includes selling in - game items for real cash , as well as in Zynga ’s case , ‘ offers ’ , where the user takes a trial of a product in exchange for in - game money .
( Something which has landed them in a little trouble . )
Accordingly to Kotick , Activision will continue to examine the idea of social gaming , saying ‘ [ currently , ] these opportunities are better utilized as a means to connect our community and extend the brand , and less about financial scale or huge financial return ’ .
While the nature of these games is currently supplementary , Kotick also spoke of the company ’s $ 1.3 billion revenue from digital sales .
This includes DLC , subscriptions and mobile incomes , and could easily accommodate social gaming revenue .
Develop also points out Activision ’s $ 300 million purchase of PlayFish , an online game developer which could form the basis of Activision ’s social gaming team .
What this will ultimately result in is a surge of new titles designed for use on Facebook and other networking sites , with Kotick mentioning both Call of Duty and Guitar Hero franchises as a possible way to cash in on some of that social gaming dough .
The main problem , however , is that a lot of these games develop organically in the community and Activision , known for its blitz - like marketing , could simply start pushing games onto people who do n’t want them .
If Activision does enter the market , be sure that it ’ll be in a sufficiently aggressive manner .
It ’ll probably result in a ton of crappy Facebook games that you or I will never play , but causal gamers will flood to them , so why not , eh ?
He finally found out how to do it by now , using the Battle .
Net and some of the other new Activision titles :
" Blur 's innovative integration with Facebook makes it easy for players to interact with their real friends to share game play , emotions , and the racing experience , " said Dan Rose , Vice President of Partnerships and Platform Marketing , Facebook .
" Blur is leading the next generation of console games integrating with Facebook to make gaming more social for our more than 400 million users . "
" Blur is the first multi-platform videogame that connects the television to Facebook , and for the first time , videogame audiences on the Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 and PC will be able to link their console gameplay to their network of friends , " said Robert Kotick , CEO , Activision Blizzard .
" Facebook has become a fantastic platform for videogames and Blur elevates it even further . "
Blur is the ultimate powered - up racing experience , where players collect addictive and intense Power - ups throughout each course , including the ability to blast other cars out of the way with huge bursts of energy , boost speed with Nitros , drop Mines and even generate defensive shields to fend off other racers .
Blur offers online multiplayer supporting competitive and cooperative gameplay for up to 20 racers , including team racing and objective based events , and also supports 4 - player split - screen .
For more information on Blur , please visit the official game web site located at
Blur is scheduled for release nationwide May 25th for the Xbox 360 ( R ) video game and entertainment system from Microsoft , PLAYSTATION ( R ) 3 computer entertainment system , and the PC , and is rated " E10 + " by the ESRB .
By seamlessly integrating an innovative " Share " button , Blur lets players choose to light up the competition in both single and multi-player modes by sending game challenges to friends and posting in - game photos , racing stats , unlockable items and much more on their Facebook pages .
" Blur 's innovative integration with Facebook makes it easy for players to interact with their real friends to share game play , emotions , and the racing experience , " said Dan Rose , Vice President of Partnerships and Platform Marketing , Facebook .
" Blur is leading the next generation of console games integrating with Facebook to make gaming more social for our more than 400 million users .
" Blur is the ultimate powered - up racing experience , where players collect addictive and intense Power - ups throughout each course , including the ability to blast other cars out of the way with huge bursts of energy , boost speed with Nitros , drop Mines and even generate defensive shields to fend off other racers .
Blur offers online multiplayer supporting competitive and cooperative gameplay for up to 20 racers , including team racing and objective based events , and also supports 4 - player split - screen .
For more information on Blur , please visit the official game web site located at www.blurthegame.com, and check - out Blur on Facebook at www.facebook.com/blurthegame
Blur is scheduled for release nationwide May 25th for the Xbox 360 ( R ) video game and entertainment system from Microsoft , PLAYSTATION ( R ) 3 computer entertainment system , and the PC , and is rated " E10 + " by the ESRB .
He finally found out how to do it by now , using the Battle .
Net and some of the other new Activision titles : http://investor.activision.com/releasedetail.cfm?releaseid=472272
June 15th - 17th , 2010 : At this year 's E3 , instead of having their own booth or presentation like EA did , Activision had a meeting room away from the craziness of the show floor , where they mainly talked to analysts and reporters .
Read on if you want to know more about why Activision thinks that franchises can't get stale ( no matter how many titles you put out there ) , some of the things they want to achieve , why it does n't make sense for developers to feel good and have relaxation possibilities while making games or get new carpets and why videogames should be sold like washing powder .
http://e3.gamespot.com/story/6266573/3ds-is-brilliant-activision-coo-
In this article , Thomas Tippl ( Activisions new COO and the guy overseeing Blizzard now ) answers a few questions regarding their company policy :
Expand this Quote , if you want to know more about why FaceBook made it into Battle .
Net 2.0 over several dozen other features . :
At this year 's E3 , instead of having their own booth or presentation like EA did , Activision had a meeting room away from the craziness of the show floor , where they mainly talked to analysts and reporters .
Read on if you want to know more about why Activision thinks that franchises can't get stale ( no matter how many titles you put out there ) , some of the things they want to achieve , why it does n't make sense for developers to feel good and have relaxation possibilities while making games or get new carpets and why videogames should be sold like washing powder .
In this article , Thomas Tippl ( Activisions new COO and the guy overseeing Blizzard now ) answers a few questions regarding their company policy : GS : Also during the call , Bobby Kotick talked about a " culture of thrift " in the company .
But people seem to think with Blizzard , you just give them the resources they want and then step back , letting them do what they do .
Are they exempt from that culture of thrift ?
TT : No , and I do n't think they want to be exempt from that .
The culture of thrift is n't about not investing in the games .
It 's exactly about investing in the games .
If we do n't waste money on golden toilets and what have you , that gives us the resources to invest in the games so we make a great game .
Subsequently , it gives us the ability to spend big in marketing a game .
I do n't know if you 've been at our offices .
We 've had the same office since forever , and we just replaced the duct tape on the carpet because it became a trip hazard down the stairs .
And that took five years to get done .
So we are thrifty in the areas where frankly , the consumer does n't see value .
We are not thrifty in the areas where the consumer sees the value , which is in the game development .
That 's why we added 300 headcount to Blizzard 's development team , 900 headcount to the customer service team , 300 headcount around the Call of Duty franchise .
There are many areas where we are making massive investments to improve the gamer experience , and then there are areas where we think it 's not worth it .
So we do n't have a company gym , cafeteria , and valet parking .
Because the gamer does n't care about that .
They do n't see value in any of that .
Go talk to Blizzard or the Treyarch guys or the Sledgehammer guys .
We put the money where the gamer 's going to see it .
Furthermore , he sees every move they make validated , because " gamers continue to buy their games " .
Furthermore , he sees every move they make validated , because " gamers continue to buy their games " .
GS : Activision 's not too popular with some gamers after Kotick 's comments about taking the fun out of development , the Brutal Legend lawsuit , or the Infinity Ward drama earlier this year .
How do you deal with that negative perception ?
Is it something you can see affecting the bottom line at all ?
TT : I would say this :
When you become the number one in any industry , you automatically get a target painted on your back .
That 's just a fact of life , so you have to be able to deal with this .
I think there 's a very vocal minority that expresses very strong opinions .
But at the end of the day , if you look at the overall results we 've delivered , 2009 was a very difficult year in the industry .
And we have succeeded in that environment because gamers continue to buy our games ... because we market the franchise and not the company , and they get a great entertainment experience .
So that 's the most important thing .
What would Kotick do if he had one instant wish to change something in his company ?
He apparently would n't make his employees happier or create a better working environment , he would n't want to create a new succesful original IP but he'd make Call of Duty a subscription based service as soon as he could ...
What would Kotick do if he hadto change something in his company ?
He apparently would n't make his employees happier or create a better working environment , he would n't want to create a new succesful original IP but he'd make Call of Duty a subscription based service as soon as he could ...
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052748703509404575301231400042578.html
WSJ : If you could snap your fingers , and instantly make one change in your company , what would it be , and why ?
Mr. Kotick : I would have Call of Duty be an online subscription service tomorrow .
When you think about what the audience 's interests are and how you could really satisfy bigger audiences with more inspired , creative opportunities , I would love to see us have an online Call of Duty world .
I think our players would just have so much of a more compelling experience .
WSJ : Is that coming ?
Mr. Kotick : Hopefully .
WSJ : Are the customers ready for it ?
Mr. Kotick : I think our audiences are clamoring for it .
If you look at what they 're playing on Xbox Live today , we 've had 1.7 billion hours of multiplayer play on Live .
I think we could do a lot more to really satisfy the interests of the customers .
I think we could create so many things , and make the game even more fun to play .
We have n't really had a chance to do that yet , so that would be my snap of the fingers .
Here , Tippl is talking about how selling video games apparently is so very similar to selling washing powder , toilet paper or potato chips :
http://www.gamasutra.com/view/news/29010/Activision_COO_Tippl_Franchise_Fatigue_Is_An_Excuse.php
Here , Tippl is talking about how selling video games apparently is so very similar to selling washing powder , toilet paper or potato chips :
When Tippl joined Activision in 2005 , he brought with him several years of executive experience with highly - successful consumer goods company Procter & Gamble , which is home for products ranging from toilet paper to potato chips to laundry detergent .
He still draws from that mass market experience .
“ When people come up and tell me , ‘ how can you possibly make another Call of Duty , ’ I always tell them that I used to work for a company that every year had to figure out how to make a white shirt whiter , ” Tippl said .
“ And [ Procter & Gamble ] have been doing that for 35 years with a product like Tide . ”
He continued , “ You ’re telling me with all the opportunities we have , and the technologies and the content ... and all the different stories , the characters that we can develop , that we ca n’t innovate on a franchise for 10 years ?
Give me a break .
Then we ’re just not doing our job . ”
… to be continued , but remember after successfully pulling something off / enforcing it ( which they ultimately will , like others did with stuff like Online Activation , DLCs , DRM , Micropayments etc. ) it never gets better … only worse … to be continued , but remember after successfully pulling something off / enforcing it ( which they ultimately will , like others did with stuff like Online Activation , DLCs , DRM , Micropayments etc. ) it never gets better … only worse
Is he a liar or just dumb ?
Looking at the money that he ’s raking in plus the fact that he still holds his job tells me he ’s not a stupid person .
“ The oil is on the surface , ” Tony Hayward , BP ’s chief executive , said last week .
“ There are n’t any plumes . ”
Descriptions of the plumes from the two groups of scientists are filling in details of one of the most remarkable findings to come from the disaster : the realization that much of the oil in a deepwater blowout may remain below the surface .
The scientists say the plumes are not bubbles of oil , as many people have imagined them , but consist of highly dispersed or dissolved hydrocarbons .
In some spots , enough oil is present to discolor the water , but in most places , water samples come up clear .
Yet the dissolved hydrocarbons show up vividly on instruments , and they can be smelled in some samples .
“ This so - called invisible oil , which people tend to have a hard time grasping , is detectable clearly using analytical methods , ” said Ernst Peebles , a University of South Florida oceanographer who helped carry out the research .
What would have happened if you could have had an iPod , a laptop , or a cellphone all the way back in 1977 ?
Designer Alex Varanese decided to go back in time with his modern gadgets to see what life might have been back some 30 + years ago , but with today ’s tech .
Alex ’s series , ALT / 1977 : We Are Not Time Travelers envisions an alternate 1977 in which he was able to go back with his knowledge of 21st century technology , and market it to the retro - disco set .
I can’t decide which item I like the best , but there ’s something about that “ Pocket Hi-Fi , ” complete with ABBA playing on it that ’s pretty priceless .
Although the 1977 LapTron 64 looks mighty capable , despite its period - appropriate woodgrain paneling .
Great names on those portable video games too .
Pung , Flogger , Place Invaders and Asterisks .
All of my favorites – if I lived in a parallel universe , where RCA Videodiscs beat both Betamax and VHS , and the Fairchild Channel F won the console war .
You can check out the full set of Alex ’s ALT / 1977 illustrations over at Behance .
Severe flooding in parts of eastern Europe have left at least six people dead and forced hundreds of people from their homes .
In Poland , two people died after being washed away by floodwaters caused by torrential rain .
Another death was in the Czech Republic , where an elderly woman drowned in a swollen creek .
Power has been cut off in many areas and main roads blocked .
More than 2,000 people have been forced from their homes in northern Hungary .
One man died after a wall collapsed onto a house .
Slovakia and Serbia have also experienced bad flooding .
In an effort to lure early adopters who might hesitate at dropping more than $ 30,000 on a mass - market electric car , General Motors said on Wednesday that it would guarantee the battery on its forthcoming Chevy Volt for eight years or 100,000 miles  better than the typical five - year or 100,000 - mile warranty it typically offers for the powertrain on its conventional cars .
The warranty will cover all 161 battery components , according to Tony DiSalle , the marketing director for the Volt , as well as other electric - drive components and the battery ’s liquid thermal management system , which heats or cools the battery while charging in a variety of weather conditions .
Battery warranties within the nascent electric vehicle market have been a matter of much speculation  not least because consumers familiar with lithium - ion technology in cellphones , computer laptops and other devices learned long ago that the batteries can be finicky , lose their charge and eventually die .
“ Everybody has been sensitized to batteries and battery - life issues , ” said Philip G. Gott , director of automotive consulting for IHS Global Insights , a market research firm .
“ You do n’t want to be stuck with a four - year - old car that needs $ 4,000 worth of work . ”
ninety % of Realtors say their local sector is in recovery method , and some are even hotter than they were being ...
Conflict Kitchen — by John Peña , Jon Rubin , and Dawn Weleski — is a take - out restaurant that only serves cuisine from countries that the United States is in conflict with .
The food is served out of a take - out style storefront , which will rotate identities every 4 months to highlight another country .
Each Conflict Kitchen iteration will be augmented by events , performances , and discussion about the the culture , politics , and issues at stake with each county we focus on .
Kubideh Kitchen is an Iranian take - out restaurant that serves kubideh in freshly baked barbari bread with onion , mint , and basil .
Developed in collaboration with members of the Pittsburgh Iranian community , the sandwich is packaged in a custom - designed wrapper that includes interviews with Iranians both in Pittsburgh and Iran on subjects ranging from Iranian food and poetry to the current political turmoil .
Conflict Kitchen is funded by the Sprout Fund , Waffle Shop , and the Center for the Arts in Society .
Graphic design by Brett Yasko .
Architectural design by Pablo Garcia of POiNT .
Special thanks to Illah Nourbakhsh , Marti Louw , Harrison Apple , Sara Faradji , and Courtney Wittekind , and all of those from the Iranian community who supplied us with their opinions and perceptions .
Controversial ads promoting atheism will soon appear on billboards throughout New Zealand after a transport company backtracked on allowing them on its buses .
The ads - which read " There 's probably no God .
Now stop worrying and enjoy your life " - created a storm when they ran on buses in the United Kingdom last year .
The Atheist Bus Campaign last year raised more than $ 22,000 to fund the ads , but NZ Bus declined to run them after receiving a number of complaints from the public and staff .
The group applied for legal representation from the Office of Human Rights Proceedings in March to pursue a discrimination case against the company .
Campaign spokesman Simon Fisher said the billboards would get the atheist message out into the public while the group awaited the office 's decision .
" It 's been really good to get things moving again , and I 'm sure everyone 's keen to see some advertising out there , " he said .
About $ 10,000 - roughly half the campaign 's funds - would go towards the billboards .
" We 're still keen to go ahead with the discrimination case against NZ Bus , and therefore we still need to be able to follow through with the bus campaign at the end of the day .
So we need money aside for a bus campaign if we do win , " Mr Fisher said .
The ads should appear on billboards in Auckland , Wellington and Christchurch within two to three weeks , he said .
" The sites that we 've been looking at are great - the central locations . "
The campaign would move from the cities to smaller centres after a few months , Mr Fisher said .
" The beauty of billboards is that you can move them around easily .
It 's a relatively small cost to change the site of the billboards . "
He did not anticipate site owners would object to the ads .
" It 's just a matter of getting the individual site owners ' permission , but generally I think that 's fine , " he said .
An online " billboard generator " has been set up on the campaign 's website to gather new ideas for campaign slogans .
" It 's been really good , we got about 300 that are actually usable - they do n't slander other people or they 're not completely silly , " Mr Fisher said .
" We 'll pick three or four , and then we 'll use those . "
NZ Bus earlier this year said it declined to run the ads because the campaign had drawn a " significant reaction " from passengers and staff , with a number finding it distasteful or distressing .
" NZ Bus has the right to decline advertising that may , in its perception , be considered controversial or divisive , " spokeswoman Siobhan O'Donovan said .
When Matt Marquez had a bulldog gang tattoo covered up with a gypsy woman on his arm , it was symbolic of a larger transformation from gang leader to family man .
“ I was a dirty scoundrel .
That ’s who I was .
Now I ’ve got three kids , ” Marquez said .
“ I do n’t want anything to happen to them . ”
The large gang tattoo had repeatedly drawn the convict into street fights with gang members , made it tougher for him to get jobs and was a constant reminder of why he attended 30 funerals of young friends and relatives .
Enter tattoo artist Chris “ Lil’ Devil ” Klein .
Klein , 35 , donates his work for gang members trying to change their lives and forswear violence .
On Thursday , Klein inked over the bulldog and gang tribute on Marquez ’s left arm in a charitable gesture that could help Marquez put gang life behind him forever .
“ I admire people who are trying to change their lives , ” said Klein , who owns That Scary Place Tattoo and Piercing Studio at 7739 E. Colfax Ave .
Though tattoos of his two daughters , a rubber duck and a purple hippopotamus cover his arms and neck , he knows what it ’s like to be judged merely because of his body art .
That is why Klein has for years offered his tattooing talent for free to gang members who regret emblazoning their bodies with swastikas , tagger symbols and gang names in ornate old - English lettering .
A lot of Klein ’s referrals come from Denver cops who have gotten tattoos at his shop .
They tell him about convicts who want to escape gangs .
It can be a dangerous transition .
Several years ago , a hit was put out on the life of a friend of Klein ’s who had moved from California to Colorado to escape gangs .
Gang members spread descriptions of the man ’s tattoos around , much like police sending a description to catch a fugitive .
His tattoos identified him better than a photograph .
Klein ’s friend had his forearm tattoo of a large brick wall with an X over it replaced with an African design .
Shifting image , priority
Klein has turned gang symbols or drawings of AK - 47s into beautiful señoritas in sedate country scenes .
He is particularly proud of turning one former white supremacist ’s swastika - covered back into a Japanese - themed lake scene with a colorful koi fish splashing out of the water .
Klein does n’t promise gang members their new tattoos wo n’t lead to some long stares in grocery - store lines , but artistic tattoos do n’t carry the same stigma or put up barriers that gang tattoos do , he said .
Marquez , 31 , who is on probation for theft and wants to go straight , got his bulldog tattoo in jail from a fellow gang member who used a guitar string as a needle .
Years later , as relatives and fellow gang members were killed or sent to prison for life , gang life lost its allure for Marquez .
The deciding factor was how it affected his growing family when he went to jail and his wife considered divorcing him , he said .
“ I do n’t sell drugs or gangbang no more , ” said Marquez , adding that he is a retail salesman .
He does n’t make as much money , but he ’s happier .
Marquez has been wearing long - sleeve shirts when he takes his daughter and two sons , ranging in age from 2 to 9 , to the park .
The bulldog vanished Thursday in a gypsy ’s long curling black hair .
“ I ’m going to put on a tank top , ” Marquez said .
Kirk Mitchell : 303-954-1206 or kmitchell@denverpost.com
California proposes to eliminate CalWORKS welfare program
By Kim Saito and D. Lencho
12 July 2010
The centerpiece of California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger ’s state budget proposals is the wholesale elimination of the CalWORKS program , the state ’s welfare - to - work program begun in 1997 .
Over 1.4 million low - income people , including 1.1 million children , are served by this program .
The maximum monthly grant for a family of three is $ 694 , or 45.5 percent of the federal poverty line , and is the exact amount that families received in 1989 - 90 without adjusting for inflation .
For many , the CalWORKS check pays the rent or covers childcare expenses .
Over a week has passed since July 1 , the start of the new fiscal year , and the state legislature has failed to pass a budget to close the $ 19 billion budget gap .
In May , Schwarzenegger outlined his “ budget revise , ” which he himself called “ absolutely terrible cuts ” to the most impoverished sections of the population .
A spokesman for the governor warned that each day of the new fiscal year without a budget plan would cost taxpayers an additional $ 52 million .
Ending CalWORKS as of October 1 , 2010 , would “ save ” the state $ 1.2 billion in 2010 - 11 .
According to californiabudgetbites.org , this cut would amount to 6.3 percent of the $ 19.1 billion in the governor ’s proposed May Revision , even though the program ’s spending makes up only 3 percent of the state budget .
Already there have been protests in several cities .
On June 26 , 250 parents and childcare providers in Montebello , a suburb of Los Angeles , held a protest .
Martin Castro , president of the Mexican American Opportunity Foundation ( MAOF ) , said , “ The economic impact in MAOF ’s service area would be severe .
More than 8,000 children would lose childcare ; 3,400 childcare providers would lose their jobs ; 425 full - time employees would be laid off , and our service area would lose $ 46 million in annual funding to support these programs . ”
One childcare provider said she would be forced to close and would probably lose her home .
Included in Schwarzenegger ’s proposals were cuts to other programs affecting the poor :
• $ 750 million from the state ’s In - Home Supportive Services program
• $ 532 million from Medi-Cal , the state ’s Medicaid program
• $ 15 million from Healthy Families , California ’s children ’s health insurance program .
In addition , the governor ’s proposal relies on the assumption that the state will receive $ 1.8 billion in federal funding to help cover Medi-Cal costs .
Legislation for providing that funding was stalled in Congress , prompting governors across the country to lobby for an extension of the aid .
CalWORKs is the state ’s Temporary Assistance to Needy Families ( TANF ) program , established by the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 , which abolished Depression - era entitlements to “ end welfare as we know it ” carried out under the Clinton administration .
With the exception of some disabled individuals , recipients must find jobs and work , undergo vocational training or participate in community service activities for at least 32 hours a week .
According to Jo Weber , director of the Sonoma County Human Services Department in northern California , who wrote in to the Press Democrat , “ To receive CalWORKS , a family must have income below the poverty level .
The official poverty level for a two - person family is $ 1,214 a month .
Assistance through CalWORKS does n’t even bring a family up to the poverty level . ”
In response to recent media articles charging that welfare recipients are making withdrawals at ATMs at casinos , Weber replied , “ Most recipients are required to work , and in Sonoma County , a few have occasionally been employed in or near casinos .
At such low - income levels , many CalWORKS families do not have reliable transportation , and they understandably use an ATM that is closest to their home or work . ”
The WSWS interviewed several people about their situation at the Norwalk Department of Social Services .
Across the street in front of the court building were people working for investors or individuals bidding in an auction for foreclosed homes .
Blanca Fortson and her twins , Ajaye and
Nadia , five , used the CalWORKS program
Last year Blanca Fortson was on CalWORKS for six months through the Downey Job Club , which operates through the Los Angeles County Office of Education .
After working three years for Nissan as a receptionist / data entry person , the company closed and laid - off over 100 people , including Blanca .
Her children , Nadia and Ajaye , five - year - old twins , just finished kindergarten .
She receives food stamps and has Medi-Cal for her children .
“ I went to the Job Club , where they showed me how to update my resumé , ” Blanca told the WSWS .
“ They helped me with childcare while I looked for a job .
It helped me out a lot .
I could n’t find a job , but I did get a lot of help out of that .
“ They actually helped me with my bills .
After they gave me my new ID , they gave me a discount at work .
I took it to the DMV ( Department of Motor Vehicles ) , and they helped me with that .
They help with getting appliances if you ’re moving into a new place .
If you do n’t have a refrigerator , they ’ll help you with that or a stove .
I appreciated it when I had it .
“ The Job Club will give you an allowance for clothes if you need clothes to go to an interview .
You can use their computers and access the Internet so you can update your resumé .
They also give you information about where you can find a job . ”
Laquei Tarlton
Lequei Tarlton , who came with her infant daughter , is a history major at El Camino College and works for the Compton Unified School District as an afterschool teacher .
Lequei told us , “ I ’m a student , and I also work .
I ’m going to be a teacher , so we really do need the programs .
It saddens me to know that they ’re cutting a lot of the programs for our children .
I ’m trying my best to work as well as go to school to better my life as well as hers .
For me , Medi-Cal is what I need .
Otherwise , my daughter wo n’t have any kind of coverage that I can afford .
I ca n’t afford it .
So for them to try to cut it out is unfortunate .
I ’m an ordinary person .
I ’m trying as hard as I can to better my life .
“ If you have things in the hands of the rich , they ’re only going to make sure that they get richer .
They do n’t worry about the working class , and that ’s what keeps the economy moving .
If you do n’t have the working class , they could n’t function a day . ”
Patricia Rivera and her infant son
Patricia Rivera came her with infant son .
“ They scheduled me for an appointment , ” she said , “ and my person ( social worker ) is not here .
I ’m a single mother .
I really have no place to live , so I ’m going from place to place .
That ’s pretty much my situation .
I have n’t applied for welfare because I ’m trying to get a job .
I have no education , so pretty much it ’s whatever I can get . ”
Katherine Izu worked in her father ’s business exporting Japanese products from the US to Europe and South America .
After five years , his business was forced to shut down .
Her brother graduated in computer science from University of California Riverside two years ago but has n’t been able to find a job .
Katherine Izu and her brother
“ With the inflation and the US dollar going low , we did n’t do so well , ” Katherine said .
“ I had to leave .
I left in December of 2009 and right now I ’m looking for a job .
I worked for my dad for a year , and prior to that I was at a Japanese food distributor for eight years ; I left there to work for my dad .
“ I applied for Medi-Cal because I just had a kidney transplant , so I need medical coverage .
Right now , I ’m looking for a job with benefits , but I have n’t had any luck .
Already it ’s July , and I have n’t found anything .
Right now I just took a small part - time retail job , but they do n’t offer any coverage . ”
“ This is the second interview .
There are still some documents that I need .
I have a daughter , so I need her birth certificate , and I need copies of paycheck stubs and bank statements .
I have a car under my name so I need registration and things like that .
I have to fax that over , and it takes 30 - 40 days [ for a response ] . ”
Kia Torrence came with her two children , Adajah , 9 , and Courtney , 2 .
She worked for a trucking company for about three years , then transferred to another trucking company , which laid her off when the recession hit .
She said , “ This is the first time I ’ve ever had to be on the county [ welfare ] , and it ’s been a struggle .
It ’s been a major struggle .
I ’m trying to keep my Medi-Cal on for my kids .
We have to go through a recertification process , and basically what the recertification process is , if the mothers do n’t comply with giving the father ’s information , they cut off the mother .
“ So as of right now I ’m cut off , but my kids are still able to be on because of Healthy Families .
And I was also trying to get my food stamps turned back on , and I was supposed to be able to pick them up on the first , but because of county mistakes , they were n’t able to do it .
“ And then just today they classified me as ineligible to get the food stamps in three days because I received my last unemployment benefits , which basically just covered my rent and my bills .
“ Healthy Families provides a lot of coverage .
It ’s for the kids , as far as immunizations and getting them free medical services like emergency services .
Sometimes they send us to these clinics , and the clinics are horrible .
I was lucky enough to get my kids into Kaiser . ”
Asked what she thought of Obama , Kia replied , “ Honestly and truthfully , it ought to be a good thing with the whole racial thing , the first black president and things like that .
But when you really get down to the politics about it , it did n’t really make any difference .
It really did n’t make any difference whether he was Caucasian or whether he was African American .
It all comes down to what the politics are .
And if the politics are n’t there , then why should you care what color your president is ?
If he ’s not making any changes or any differences , I just do n’t feel that it was right .
I would n’t have voted for either one . ”
By Amity Shlaes - June 4 , 2010
Drive them crazy .
That 's what Glenn Beck seems to specialize in doing , whether the " them " at issue is fellow radio hosts , fellow tv hosts , or , now , professors at universities .
This last group is opening its own front in the war against the television king .
An associate professor , Joseph Palermo of California State / Sacramento , took to the Huffington Post to mock the broadcaster as " Glenn Beck , Ph.D . "
I personally noticed this since Professor Palermo mentioned me by name , in tandem with author Jonah Goldberg , as an effort to " misinform " the gullible .
The rage at first seems odd , coming from professors .
Why should these serene Yodas care what a man on television bellows ?
Yet they are on the warpath .
The academic fury is at first directed at interpretation .
Mr. Beck 's explanation of how the Framers viewed religion , Mr. Beck 's depiction of how Franklin Roosevelt 's policy affected the Great Depression ; Mr. Beck 's argument that regulation is currently curtailing liberty in general -- all fall short in academic eyes .
Prof. Palermo , for example , calls Mr. Beck 's views as " stupid and false . "
But the real issue , the reason professors are on the attack , is not specific content .
It is rather the professional and , in the end , economic , threat that Mr. Beck represents .
To academics , Mr. Beck is more dangerous than any other radio show host , and they know it .
To understand the nature of the Beck challenge , you have to recall that our system of higher education is a throwback to medieval economics : a guild .
As in the classic guild , members require a lengthy period of training , with formal stages .
To be in any way authoritative , a writer must have a Ph.D. , a guild seal .
Members of this guild have enormous discretion when it comes to the conferring of the seal - also typical .
In the humanities and social sciences , Ph.D.s. and , it goes without saying , tenure - track posts -- are usually awarded to those not hostile to the master professors ' views .
For many decades top universities have been especially rigorous in this practice , with the result that it is difficult to find non-progressives with top credentials in the humanities .
The guild demands much from its apprentices , graduate students , including dull work in obscure texts .
Indeed it is proud of that obscurity , for it distinguishes academic work from , say , the easy popular histories on bookstore shelves or tv .
In the field of history , the guild also maintains a monopoly on education by generating curricula , syllabi , and , of course , a canon , a set list of texts for each period of the past .
Of course the academic guild , generally on the progressive side , has made many concessions to conservatives or classical liberals .
Professors have assigned the odd conservative book ; they mentioned the opponents ' arguments .
But such offerings have generally been presented as an afterthought , secondary , less authoritative .
Looking back at their education many adults saw through this pretense of fairness .
They resented the guild monolith .
Something was missing .
Enter Mr. Beck .
At first , the radio show host appeared no different from the rest of conservative radio .
In other words , another product of the 1987 repeal of the old Fairness Doctrine , which said that a radio license " may not be utilized to achieve a partisan or one - sided presentation . "
Pre-repeal that requirement was so strictly adhered to that radio tended the dull .
After the repeal hosts were free to deliver soliloquys of rage and individual insights , legal , historical , political .
This change which turned out to be welcome to millions of viewers .
The first to take advantage of this market opening was Rush Limbaugh , who remains the undisputed king of conservative talk radio .
The second explanation for Beck rage however involves the guild .
For unlike other hosts , who tend to pick up and drop topics , Mr. Beck has begun to develop a new canon for adults .
And unlike other hosts , but indeed like a professor , Mr. Beck tends to demand a lot of his viewers .
For example , he recently devoted the better part of an hour to a biography of Samuel Adams by a historian without a Ph.D. , Ira Stoll , whose book highlights the revolutionary firebrand 's piety .
Mr. Beck breaks other tv rules .
He insists viewers read books by dead men - W. Cleon Skousen 's work on the Constitution , the ``5000 Year Leap . "
It is all a long way from " Oprah , " " The Newshour " or even much of public television .
Mr. Beck 's broadcast was barely over when Mr. Stoll 's book shot up to the highest heights of the Amazon list , where it has resided ever since .
Beck - recommended books sometimes sell as well as , heaven forfend , textbooks .
I had the good fortune to experience some of this after Mr. Beck talked about my Great Depression history .
Every author is glad to sell books .
But the victory is far more Mr. Beck 's than any individual writer 's or publisher's .
His genius has been in his recognition that viewers do not want merely the odd , one - off book , duly pegged to news .
They want a coherent vision , a competing canon that the regulated airwaves and academy have denied them .
So he , Glenn Beck , is building that canon , book by book from the forgotten shelf .
Since the man is a riveting entertainer , the professors are correct to be concerned .
He 's not just reacting or shaping individual thoughts .
He is bringing competition into the Ed Biz .
What to do ?
The Glenn Beck reading list may not satisfy everyone .
Some of his views are indeed worth questioning .
Some of us do n't agree with important components of his politics .
Beck 's personal attacks put a lot of us off .
Maybe there should be yet a third new reading list .
As for the guild , a better response than its own ad hominem smearing is to widen their own reading lists and lectures .
Professors can blame only themselves if Mr. Beck has taken an opportunity to teach .
It is they who gave it to him .
I 'm assuming the new requirements are geared at preventing another ecological disaster - but you can never underestimate the ability of multinational corporations to find ways to cut corners and save money :
WASHINGTON — The Obama administration , facing rising anger on the Gulf Coast over the loss of jobs and income from a drilling moratorium , said Monday that it would move quickly to release new safety requirements that would allow the reopening of offshore oil and gas exploration in shallow waters .
Gulf Coast residents , political leaders and industry officials said delays in releasing the new rules , along with the administration 's six - month halt on deepwater drilling — both issued amid public pressure — threatened thousands of jobs .
Well - owner BP PLC , meanwhile , faces penalties " in the many billions of dollars , " for the Deepwater Horizon drilling disaster that has been spewing an estimated minimum 12,000 to 19,000 barrels of oil a day into the Gulf , said White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs .
The costs of the spill will " greatly exceed " the amount BP could recoup by selling any of the captured oil on the market , he said Monday .
Retired U.S. Coast Guard Admiral Thad Allen , who heads the federal response , said BP 's latest emergency containment system is on track to capture as much as 15,000 barrels of oil per day , which is the maximum amount of oil the drill ship on the surface can process .
BP 's latest update on the rate of recovery late Monday implies that the containment procedure is approaching that limit .
Any leakage beyond 15,000 barrels per day will continue to go into the sea until a second ship arrives , likely in mid-June .
The oil industry is awaiting new safety regulations from the Interior Department 's Minerals Management Service , which canceled some offshore drilling permits last week and has had others on hold since early May .
Administration officials say new rules for shallow water oil and gas drilling could be released as soon as Tuesday .
Most Beautiful Flowers in the world
Flowers are not only a sign of beauty but also of beautiful fragrance .
These are very colourful and of different types .
To enjoy and Celebrate this beauty of flowers and its fragrance , here are some extremely beautiful flowers pictures .
Henry Beecher , said in Life Thoughts , 1858 : Flowers are the sweetest things God ever made , and forgot to put a soul into .
We all know that Netherlands , also known as Holland is known for many things , such as field hockey , tourism , friendly people , making things legal which are n’t legal in most of the other countries but it is most famous for flowers .
And their love for flowers can be known by the fact that in 1600s , flowers were a rather valuable commodity than gold .
So that ’s why we are sharing Beautiful Pictures of Flowers .
You might also enjoy these spring pictures .
Flowers are beautiful , but it is certain that rose is the king of flowers .
Check out these rose pictures .
Beautiful Flowers
Dianthus barbatus also known as Sweet William
Waking Up
Yellow Flowers .
Flowers 3
Red tulip
Orange flowers
[ ad1 ]
flowers
Daisy
Pink Flowers
Flowers
Kryptonite or red tulip
Blue flowers
Cherry Flowers
Colorful Flowers
Burning Flowers
Sunflower
Jour de pluie Rainy day a. ka Honeysuckle
Really Beautiful Flower
Plumeria
Flowers for You
Lilum or Lily
Still Life Flowers
Freesia flower
Flowers
Fragile Flowers
Pink Flowers
A recent Russian study says 55.6 percent of the offspring of female rats fed genetically engineered soy flour died within three weeks .
The female rats reportedly received 5 - 7 grams of the Roundup Ready variety of soybeans , beginning two weeks before conception and continuing through nursing .
By comparison , scientists said only 9 percent of the offspring of rats fed non -GM soy died .
Furthermore , Russian researchers said offspring from the GM - fed group were significantly stunted -- 36 percent weighed less than 20 grams after two weeks , compared with only 6.7 percent from the control group .
The study was conducted by Dr. Irina Ermakova of the Institute of Higher Nervous Activity and Neurophysiology in Moscow , a part of the Russian Academy of Sciences .
The study was presented during the recent conference of the American Academy of Environmental Medicine in Tucson , Ariz .
The AAEM board issued a statement saying : " We recognize this study is preliminary in nature .
It has n't yet been peer reviewed and the methodology has not been spelled out in detail .
But given the magnitude of the findings and the implications for human health , we urge the National Institutes of Health to immediately replicate the research . "
Copyright 2005 by United Press International
Explore further Graphene in zero G promises success in space
Defeating the Republicans in November must be the top priority for all progressives .
The pundits tell us incessantly that Democrats will lose seats and possibly control of Congress because usually ( but not always ) this is what happens to the party in power in midterm elections .
The Republicans hope this narrative will help demoralize Democratic voters , but their main message is that President Obama and the Democrats are responsible for the unrelenting economic crisis .
This crisis was caused by the Republicans and the Republicans are doing everything possible to sustain and aggravate it .
If they do gain seats in November , we can expect further gridlock in order to set the stage for a return to power in 2012 .
Given the fierce resistance the Republicans have mounted to all steps to relieve the crisis , the claim that the Democrats are responsible for the continued high unemployment and despair is nothing but Big Lie propaganda .
It is the Republicans , not the Democrats , who have blocked extending unemployment benefits and further stimulus packages like the Brown - Miller jobs bills .
The Republicans justify their sabotage of relief measures by shedding copious crocodile tears over the deficit .
But they are the ones responsible for the deficit when they controlled Congress during the Bush administration and bestowed unconscionable tax breaks on the super - rich , massive unfunded outlays for two unnecessary wars and huge unfunded handouts to insurance and drug companies under the so - called Medicare Modernization Act .
Anyone who blames the Democrats for the ongoing crisis or accepts the phony concern about the deficit has fallen victim to cynical Republican Big Lie propaganda .
Unfortunately this includes some on the left who seem more inclined to attack Obama and the Democrats than to build the movement to defeat the ultra - right .
That movement depends on electing Democrats , some of whom may in fact be less than inspiring .
But only if Democrats are elected will the progressive movement have the time and space to grow .
The 30 years of increasingly rightwing governments , beginning with the Reagan administration , were very difficult for labor and all its allies , including the progressive movement .
If the right wing returns to power , the situation will be much worse .
The Bush - Cheney administration will be mild in comparison .
The rightwing is hell - bent to destroy the current administration and guarantee that nothing like Barack Obama happens again .
They will mount an unprecedented attack on the living standards and rights of labor and the American people .
The assault on the environment and the military threat to all nations on earth will escalate .
Given the blatantly fascist orientation of the corporate - funded Tea Party and their cheerleaders in the media and much of the Republican Party , the dangers inherent in the November elections must be a clarion call to action for all of labor and all democratic and progressive - minded people .
Those who minimize the importance of the elections or , worse , have already accepted defeat , are irresponsibly playing directly into the hands of the enemy .
An all out effort is needed to defeat the Republicans in November .
Photo : Burnt Pixel/CC
‘ Pete the Moose ’ Saved by Online Fans
An online campaign has helped sway Vermont lawmakers to overturn a decision made last summer to cull a moose nicknamed Pete .
The moose had been ordered killed or removed from a game preserve out of fear it could help spread disease to other animals .
Opposition voiced via a website , a Facebook group and 10,000 views on YouTube helped prompt the turnaround .
“ They wanted to kill Peter , ” said David Lawrence , who cares for the animal .
The Vermont Department of Fish and Wildlife originally said Pete , along with other moose and native deer , should not be mixing with farm - raised imported elk because tuberculosis and chronic wasting disease , a brain ailment , could be spread between the animals .
State lawmakers said the 700 - acre ( 283 - hectare ) preserve – where the elk are kept for commercial trophy hunting – would have to close or the animals would have to be killed , though none of the animals on the preserve was carrying either of the diseases .
But after the strong outcry online , Vermont lawmakers compromised by designating Pete and the other animals on the game preserve a “ special purpose herd ” , which meant they were no longer overseen by the Vermont Department of Fish and Wildlife .
BBC NEWS
Aktualisierung vom 20 .
Juli :
ProChrist hat seine Kuratoriumsseiten nochmals aktualisiert .
Und siehe : Bundespräsident Christian Wulfff fehlt jetzt auf der Liste der Unterstützer der Organisation .
Und auch auf der Kuratoriumsseite der ProChrist - Veranstaltung in Chemnitz 2009 steht nicht mehr " Christian Wulff , Bundespräsident " , sondern wieder " Christian Wulff , Niedersächsischer Ministerpräsident " .
Aktualisierung vom 8 . Juli
ProChrist hat seine Kuratoriumsseite aktualisiert .
Nun figuriert dort , neben vielen anderen Prominenten , auch " Christian Wulff , Bundespräsident " .
Aktualisierung vom 23 .
Juni
=========
hat das Thema aufgegriffen .
Die Theologin Kirsten Dietrich fordert im Gespräch mit Frank Meyer einen Austritt Christian Wulffs aus dem Kuratorium von prochrist .
Christian Wulff sitzt im Kuratorium der evangelikalen Missionsbewegung berichtete neulich das Blog .
Seitdem wird auf humanistischen und Freidenkerforen angeregt diskutiert .
Zum Beispiel bei wissenrockt.de .
Presse und Fernsehen haben das Thema kaum aufgegriffen .
Ist es wirklich so nebensächlich ?
Prochrist , heißt es in einem sehr PR - mäßig klingenden Artikel zur Organisation , " ist eine Großevangelisationsveranstaltung , die seit 1993 im zwei- bzw .
dreijährigen Turnus per synchroner Satellitenübertragung in Europa stattfindet .
Sie wird von Mitgliedern evangelischer Freikirchen und Landeskirchen getragen .
Ziel der Veranstaltung ist die Bekehrung von Menschen zum Glauben an Jesus Christus .
" Das auf der Website von Prochrist formulierte " Leitbild " der Organisation klingt zunächst recht unverbindlich : " Prochrist möchte die Gute Nachricht zu Menschen aller Nationen bringen , hier in Deutschland und darüber hinaus in Europa . "
Prochrist arbeitet dafür offensichtlich sehr gern mit Kirchengemeinden der Amtskirchen zusammen : " Prochrist wird fortgesetzt , solange , indem Menschen durch diese Arbeit das Evangelium hören und zum Glauben an Jesus Christus kommen , und solangeProchrist als Hilfe für ihren missionarischen Dienst annehmen .
" Woran genau " Prochrist " sonst noch glaubt , ist auf der Website nicht festzustellen , aber durch einige Recherchen , auch in den bekannten Medien der evangelikalen Bewegung in Deutschland leicht herauszufinden .
Leiter und charismatische Figur von Prochrist ist der Fernsehprediger und evangelische Pfarrer .
Man kann seine Predigten auf Bibel TV sehen , findet sie ordentlich aufgereiht beim evangelikalen Sender ERF und auch bei hier ) .
Auch in der Kaiser - Wilhelm - Gedächtniskirche und anderen Gotteshäusern überbringt er die gute Nachricht .
Parzany ist ein versierter Rhetoriker .
In Predigten , wo es um das Werben neuer Gläubiger geht , umgeht er die neuralgischen Punkte der evangelikalen Ideologie eher .
Klarer artikuliert er sie in Artikeln der evangelikalen Zeitschrift Was er in der Nummer 7/2008 vonschreibt , klingt wie ein Bekenntnis zum : " Die aggressiven Reaktionen selbst auf die vorsichtigsten Versuche , die Evolutionstheorie als Theorie und nicht als allein wahres Dogma zu verstehen , zeigen , dass hier ein wunder Punkt getroffen wurde .
An , darf man offensichtlich nur glauben , wenn man zugleich augenzwinkernd zu verstehen gibt , dass dieser Glaube nichts mit der Wirklichkeit zu tun hat , sondern in das Reich der Märchen gehört .
" Parzany wendet sich auch gegen " praktizierte Homosexualität " und vertritt , wie viele evangelikale Christen die Theorie , dass Homosexualität gewissermaßen heilbar sei .
" Selbstverständlich gibt es Fachleute , die die Möglichkeit sehen , dass Menschen ihre homosexuelle Neigung verändern und dass da Hilfe möglich ist " , sagte er in einem Streitgespräch mit dem Grünen - Politiker Volker Beck , das inund auf der Website von Beck veröffentlicht ist .
Urlich Parzany glaubt an seine Botschaften .
Er wird Prochrist nicht betreiben , um nicht auch andere Zweifler und Stauner von ihnen zu überzeugen .
Wie mächtig die Evangelikalen in Deutschland längst schon sind , ist in der Öffentlichkeit kaum bekannt .
Die beiden Journalistenundhaben ein alarmierendes und bestens belegtes Buch ( mehr hier und hier ) darüber geschrieben : " Mission Gottesreich - Fundamentalistische Christen in Deutschland " ( Christoph Links Verlag , 2009 ) .
Sie führen auch ein kontinuierliches Blog zum Thema. werden dieser Glaubensrichtung in Deutschland zugerechnet .
Das ist keine kleine Minderheit .
Und natürlich ist sie besonders aktiv und engagiert in den Kirchen .
Ein großer
Teil der sonntäglichen Gottesdienstbesucher der evangelischen Kirche ist dieser Richtung zuzurechnen . -
Die Evangelikalen lehnen " undab , sehen häufig die " " als Alternative zur Evolutionstheorie , und sie möchten auchbekehren . -
Sie betreiben in Deutschland etwa achtzig , deren Lehrer vom Staat finanziert werden und deren Biologielehrer nicht zu den überzeugtesten Darwin - Anhängern gehören dürften - der Staat , so Oda Lambrecht und Christian Baars , kontrolliert hier offenbar nur nachlässig . -
Sie sind inbestens vernetzt , bilden Journalisten aus und verfügen selbst über professionell und ansprechend gemachte Medien in Print , TV und Internet .
Diebestätigt auf Nachfrage desdie Mitgliedschaft Wulffs ( der selbst Katholik ist ) im Kuratorium von Prochrist : " Das ist richtig .
Der Niedersächsische Ministerpräsident Christian Wulff hat im Februar 2005 u.a. seine Bereitschaft zur Mitwirkung im Kuratorium von Prochrist für das Jahr 2006 erklärt , weil diesem auch der damalige EKD Ratsvorsitzendeangehörte . "
Wulffs Aktivität bestand laut Staatskanzlei bisher darin , einfür eine Veranstaltung in Holzminden im Jahr 2006 zu senden .
Und natürlich darin , seinen , die Respektabilität seiner Person und seines Amtes für die Sache von Prochrist herzugeben .
Der Hinweis auf Bischof Wolfgang
Huber macht es schon deutlich : Wulff ist hier keineswegs allein .
Huber zeigte sich gegen Ende seiner Amtszeit immer begeisterter von den Evangelikalen , die so virtuos zu mobilisieren zu verstehen und möglicherweise auch der Amtskirche Auftrieb geben - gerade darin scheint ja eines der Angebote von Prochrist zu bestehen .
Im Kuratorium sitzen laut Selbstauskunft von Prochrist außerdem noch : der ehemalige bayerische Ministerpräsident , der Kaufmann , der ZDF - Moderator , der Schuhfabrikant , der Golfspieler , der ehemalige Ministerpräsident des Landes Baden - Württemberg , der SPD - Politikerund einige Kirchenobere .
Um es klar zu sagen : Evangelikale Christen dürfen glauben , was sie glauben .
Sie dürfen Homosexualität ablehnen , sie dürfen gegen Abtreibung demonstrieren , sie dürfen glauben , dass die Welt eine Schöpfung ist .
Allerdings :
Wie genau verläuft das Leben eines Jungen , der in evangelikalem Milieu aufwächst und schwul ist ?
Wie sehr wird er verbogen ?
Wie sehr wird er versuchen , sich selbst zu verbiegen ?
Und dürfen Schulkinder mit fabrizierten Alternativen zu naturwissenschaftlichen Erkenntnissen gefüttert werden ?
Prochrist ist ohne Parzany nicht zu haben .
" Das Programm besteht aus Musik , Interviews , Theater und einem Vortrag von Ulrich Parzany zu zentralen Themen des Lebens und des Glaubens .
Der Eintritt ist frei .
Sie sind herzlich zu den Abenden eingeladen " , steht im Konzept von Prochrist 2009 .
Parzany hat keine Scheu sich zu bekennen : " Auch wenn uns diese Freiheit nicht zugestanden wird , werden wir Gott mehr gehorchen als den Menschen . " ( 7/2008 ) Es klingt wie ein fundamentalistisches Programm , das sich zur Not auch über die Gesetze des Gemeinwesens hinwegsetzen würde .
Auch das soll Parzany noch denken dürfen .
Demokratie verträgt sogar den Widerspruch gegen sich selbst , solange er auf Gewalt verzichtet und die Rechte anderer nicht beschädigt .
Aber brauchen wir einen Bundespräsidenten , der im Kuratorium eines solchen Vereins sitzt ?
Ist dieim Sinne Parzanys der Unterstützung eines Bundespräsidenten würdig ?
Haben wir mitzu rechnen , die das segensreiche Wirken der Missionare preisen ?
Wulffs christliches Engagement ist bereits letzte Woche im niedersächsischen Landtag diskutiert worden , ohne dass eine breitere Öffentlichkeit Notiz davon genommen hat .
Vorgeworfen wurde ihm eine Rede vor dem( ACP ) in Bad Gandersheim , einer Organisation , die laut Sektenbeauftragten der evangelischen Kirchen als fundamentalistische Splittergruppe " am äußersten rechten Rand des Protestantismus " ( so ) anzusehen ist .
Anfragen von Abgeordneten wurden mit der lapidaren Ansage beschieden : " Der Ministerpräsident wird keine Veranstaltung vonbesuchen .
" Das reicht nicht aus .
In der Sendung " Farbe bekennen " beschwor Christian Wulff " die Gefahr der Parallelgesellschaft , des Gegeneinanders , Gewalttätigen und Fundamentalistischen " , der er entgegentreten wolle .
Mit den Evangelikalen , die sich selbst gern als " entschiedene Christen " bezeichnen , geht das nun gerade nicht .
Sie wollen wie gesagt Gesetzen , die sie als göttlich ansehen , mehr folgen als den Menschen , " auch wenn uns diese Freiheit nicht zugestanden wird " .
Wulff muss noch vor der Wahl in der Bundesversammlung
US “ surge ” in Afghanistan in disarray
By Barry Grey
14 June 2010
In the midst of one of the bloodiest weeks for US and NATO forces in the nearly nine - year war in Afghanistan , Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the overall commander , announced Thursday that major military operations around Kandahar would be delayed until September .
The offensive had been slated to begin this month , but , as McChrystal admitted , the US has been unable to win the support either of tribal leaders and power brokers or of the populace in and around Afghanistan ’s second largest city .
The town of 450,000 in the heart of the Pashtun - dominated south is the birthplace of the Taliban and remains a key stronghold of the anti-occupation insurgency .
The top US general in Afghanistan also acknowledged that the much - touted US offensive earlier this year against Marjah , an insurgent stronghold in rural Helmand province , had failed to uproot the Taliban , who retain control of much of the region .
One recent study found that the majority of the population in Marjah had become more antagonistic to NATO forces than before the operation .
Late last month McChrystal referred to the region as “ a bleeding ulcer . ”
The worsening security situation for the US and NATO in Helmand was highlighted on Thursday when British Prime Minister David Cameron , on his first trip to Afghanistan , was prevented from making a scheduled appearance at a military base in the province after British officers intercepted calls indicating that insurgents were planning to shoot down his helicopter .
So far this month , at least 35 NATO soldiers have been killed , including at least 23 Americans .
The week ’s bloody toll began on Sunday , June 6 , when 6 NATO troops were killed .
The next day , 10 NATO troops were killed , 7 of them Americans .
That was the deadliest day for occupation forces since the killing of 11 US troops in a helicopter crash last October .
On Tuesday , two US soldiers and a British soldier were killed in separate incidents in the south .
On Wednesday , four more US soldiers died when their helicopter was shot down in Helmand province .
A fifth NATO soldier was killed the same day .
Four additional NATO troops were killed Friday , including two Americans .
On Saturday , a Polish soldier was killed in Ghazni province in eastern Afghanistan , and a second NATO soldier was killed in the north .
The death toll so far this year for US and NATO forces is more than double that of a year ago .
Since the start of the war , more than 1,100 US soldiers have been killed in Afghanistan .
This month , the war in Afghanistan surpassed Vietnam as the longest war in US history .
To date , the US and its allies have little to show for the increased carnage , which is far worse for the Afghan people .
Speaking Thursday , on the first day of a two - day meeting of NATO defense ministers in Brussels , McChrystal hinted at the massive popular opposition , especially in the Pashtun south , to the US - led occupation .
Explaining the decision to delay the start of the military offensive in Kandahar , he said , “ When you go to protect people , the people have to want you to protect them . ”
He suggested that the operation in and around Kandahar would continue at least until the end of the year , telling the Financial Times , “ Operationally , it will be tough to the end of the year , casualties will stay high and may go higher than they are now . ”
At the NATO meeting , Secretary - General Anders Fogh Rasmussen tried to put the best possible face on the situation , declaring that NATO forces had regained the initiative in the war .
However , in a statement read on Friday to the 28 assembled defense ministers , he said soberly that military operations were making only “ measured progress , ” adding , “ Significant challenges remain and success is not yet assured . ”
Speaking in London on Wednesday , US Defense Secretary Robert Gates issued a warning that the US and its allies were running out of time in Afghanistan .
He said NATO forces had to achieve a strategic breakthrough against the Taliban by the end of the year .
“ The one thing none of the [ alliance ’s ] publics … including the American public , will tolerate , ” he said following a meeting with his British counterpart , “ is the perception of stalemate in which we ’re losing young men . ”
At the NATO conference , Gates pressed NATO members to provide an additional 450 troops to serve as trainers of Afghan forces .
Gates ’ warning was underscored by a Washington Post / ABC poll released Thursday in which 53 percent of respondents said the war was “ not worth fighting ” — the highest percentage in three years .
Perhaps even more ominously for the Obama administration , the poll found that 39 percent of the public believe that the US is losing the war , just 3 percentage points less than the 42 percent who believe the US is winning .
This evidence of mounting popular opposition coincides with the arrival in Afghanistan of the final 10,000 of 30,000 additional US troops ordered to the country as part of the military “ surge ” announced by Obama last December .
Despite Gates ’s warning of the need for clear evidence of US - NATO victories by the end of the year , McChrystal in interviews and statements last week refused to make any such promises .
Speaking to the Financial Times about the prospects for Kandahar by year ’s end , he said , “ Around the city , security will still be in the middle of a difficult struggle … .
Those areas will go from Taliban control to at least being contested . ”
Asked Thursday in Brussels whether the delay in the start of major operations in Kandahar leaves time by the end of the year for a decisive outcome , McChrystal would say only : “ It will be very clear by the end of the calendar year that the Kandahar operation is progressing .
I do n’t know whether we ’ll know whether it ’s decisive .
Historians will tell us that . ”
This does not mean that the offensive , when it begins , will be any less bloody .
The operational plan for Kandahar calls for US Special Forces hit squads to assassinate insurgent leaders within the city and in its environs and then deploy more than 10,000 US troops to begin clearing entrenched Taliban forces from the outlying districts , 80 percent of which are estimated to be controlled by insurgents .
The operation will eventually involve house - to - house raids in which suspected Taliban militants or supporters will be killed or arrested .
The US intelligence web site Stratfor on Thursday posted a grim assessment of the US position in Afghanistan — one that doubtless reflects the thinking in sections of the American military and intelligence establishment .
It stated : “ In short , the US - led effort in the Afghan south is encountering serious problems … .
“ The problem for Washington and Kabul is twofold , however .
First , the entire concept of operations is not working as expected .
It is becoming increasingly clear that there were some key misjudgments about the nature and strength of the Taliban in the country ’s south .
Secondly , and intertwined with the first , the lack of a decisive success and the delay of the Kandahar security offensive means perceptions of the surge are shifting in the Taliban ’s favor , dimming the prospects for the United States and its allies … .
“ The Taliban enjoys widespread popular support in this part of the country , making the battle of perceptions vital to convincing the population to break with the Islamist movement ….
“ Ultimately , the population in Marjah is — by no means entirely , but sufficiently broadly — uninterested in coalition offers of governance , money and development … .
“ The momentum the ISAF [ NATO ’s International Security Assistance Force ] had hoped to build after the assault on Marjah was already gone before the Kandahar delay announcement further weighed it down . ”
One result of the US offensive in Helmand province has been increased Taliban activity in Nimroz , the province to the west of Helmand that borders on Iran and Pakistan .
The Army Times reported June 11 that Taliban fighters forced out of Helmand have shifted operations to Nimroz , previously considered the most stable part of southern Afghanistan .
Following the assassination of one of its members and death threats against others , the entire governing council of Nimroz fled to Kabul to plead for protection from the central government .
The military - security crisis facing the US is compounded by the increasingly open rift between Washington and its puppet Afghan president , Hamid Karzai .
At the June 2 - 4 “ peace jirga ” convened by Karzai , the US - installed president appealed for reconciliation with the Taliban .
The event , which brought together hundreds of warlords and power brokers from across Afghanistan , underscored the isolation and weakness of the regime in Kabul and the failure of the US and NATO to secure even the capital city .
Karzai ’s opening speech was interrupted by the sound of rockets being fired on the assembly .
Moreover , leading figures in the Tajik - and Uzbek - dominated Northern Alliance , upon which Washington relied to defeat the Pashtun Taliban in the October 2001 invasion , refused to attend the jirga .
After the meeting , Karzai announced , to the consternation of Washington and NATO , the formation of a commission to release some imprisoned Taliban militants .
At the same time , Karzai sacked his interior minister , Hanif Atmar , and his intelligence director , Amrullah Saleh , who opposed his efforts to come to terms with the Taliban and mend fences with Pakistan .
Both fired ministers have close ties to the CIA and the British MI6 intelligence agencies .
The Americans privately blame Karzai for the lack of success in the offensive in Marjah , claiming that he failed to provide promised Afghan military and civilian forces to “ hold ” the region after it had been “ cleared ” of Taliban .
Karzai and his half - brother Ahmed Ali Karzai , the strongman of Kandahar , now appear to be encouraging local tribal leaders who are resisting the planned US offensive in the city .
Both the New York Times and the British Guardian newspaper published articles citing aids to Saleh as saying that Karzai has “ lost confidence in the capability of the coalition ” to defeat the Taliban .
The Times article ( June 12 ) alleges that Karzai has been conducting secret peace negotiations with the Taliban .
According to these reports , Karzai is seeking to save his regime and his own neck in the event of an American defeat or withdrawal by maneuvering for some sort of deal with the Taliban , perhaps brokered by Pakistan .
Some idea of the poisoned state of relations between Washington and Karzai can be seen in the claim by Saleh ’s aides , reported in the Guardian ( June 9 ) , that Karzai accused Saleh and Atmar of plotting with the Americans and the British to fire the rockets at the jirga in order to wreck his peace plan .
Adm .
Thad Allen says the 1 million gallons of dispersant used to break up the oil spilling into the Gulf of Mexico has helped create " hundreds or thousands of patches " of oil that need to be cleaned up .
Update : The Oval has updated this post to correct Allen 's quote about the number of patches .
We regret the error .
The spill is " no longer a single spill but a massive collection of smaller spills , " said Allen , who briefed reporters at the White House before heading into an 11 a.m. ET meeting with President Obama and Cabinet officials working on the spill response .
The upside is that mass quantities of oil do n't wash up in any one place along the shore , according to Allen , the federal incident commander for the spill .
But finding and removing so many patches is " increasing vastly the complexity of the response , " he said .
To find and skim the oil , the government has now trained the operators of 1,500 fishing boats .
More Coast Guard cutters and patrol boats also are being brought in , Allen said .
Meanwhile , British Petroleum is making progress capturing oil from the ruptured Deepwater Horizon well .
More than 420,000 gallons a day are now being captured and BP is moving another vessel in to process more oil , Allen said .
" I think it 's going fairly well , " he said of the latest effort to halt the flow .
In other news , Allen said :
It will take four to six weeks after the leak is stopped in early August to clean up oil slicks on the surface of the water .
Cleaning up marshlands and restoring ecosystems will take years , he said .
He plans to meet with BP officials to discuss speeding up their claims process for individuals and business owners affected by the spill .
" We 'd like them to do it a little faster , " he said .
At least 120 linear miles of shoreline have been affected by the spill .
( Posted by Mimi Hall )
Add To Album
Add To Album Like ( 70 )
Photog 's Choice
Cross-Data Photographer John Heggblom Airline Pan American World Airways - PAA Version Lockheed L-049 Constellation Generic Type Lockheed Constellation / Starliner ( C-69/C-121 ) Basic Type Lockheed Constellation / Starliner ( C-69/C-121 ) Manufacturer Lockheed MSN 2037 Reg. NC88837 Location New York - La Guardia ( Glenn H Curtiss / North Beach / Municipal - La Guardia Field ) Region New York Country USA Date Photographed 1948 Cancel Search
Correction
Distinct Views : 58,494
Photo Added : June 07 , 2007
Photo Copyright © John Heggblom .
All rights reserved .
Airliners .net is not affiliated with any entity mentioned or pictured herein .
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners .
If you do n't have enough education , information technology can have a negative impact on your salary , according to a research paper published this week .
A study on the education level of workers in Hong Kong and the penetration of IT in their fields showed that IT can lead to higher salaries — but only for highly educated individuals .
Contrary to previous research , scientists found that IT has actually depressed the salaries of many less - educated workers .
The authors of the paper suggest that retraining programs for unskilled workers are in order .
However , computers are replacing workers at more and more complicated tasks , and eventually it may be skilled workers that need to make sure they are able to adapt to new technologies , lest they be displaced by them .
Research on the economic interaction between the use of IT and education has been fairly limited so far , but one study in 2003 did find that IT seemed to have beneficial effects to some degree on all workers ' salaries , from construction workers to bankers .
To refine the picture a bit more , another group of researchers decided to look more directly at IT 's interaction with education , and took metrics from Hong Kong 's 2006 census on salary , education level , and the penetration of IT technology in various industries .
The data showed that the penetration level of IT and its interaction with education did have a beneficial effect on salaries .
Highly educated individuals will earn much more money in an industry with high IT penetration , like finance or community and social services , while a low - education , low - IT field like construction gets only a small bump .
But those small bumps can be outweighed with increasing IT involvement .
Researchers found that salary actually varied inversely with IT penetration : the more computers were involved , the less workers were paid .
Highly educated workers are able to offset this effect with the positive influence of education - IT interaction — they can integrate new technologies into their workflow .
Less - educated workers , on the other hand , are left blank - faced in front of a computer screen .
This negative IT effect results from computers ' ability to replace workers at unskilled tasks , according to the scientists ( for example , word processing software now stands in for typesetters ) .
More importantly , workers below a certain education threshold lack the resources to adapt their skillset .
Once they are replaced , they have difficulty finding other work , and it is increasingly hard to find unskilled jobs that have n't been co-opted by IT .
The authors of the study recommend that governments establish a system to provide retraining to workers left in the dust by computers .
They also advocate for a push towards more complex reasoning , problem solving , and critical thinking in education .
They note that giving the tools of skilled workers to all workers may help everyone work in tandem with computers , instead of getting replaced by them .
However , we wonder how much longer workers will be able to overcome this problem by applying more critical thinking and problem solving ability .
Computer scientists are hard at work developing these skills in computers themselves , and it's not beyond the realm of possibility that computers , once they 've conquered unskilled work , will move on to more skilled tasks .
For example , video store clerks and their ( sometimes ) insightful recommendations are on deck to be fully eclipsed by services like Netflix .
Educational Researcher , 2010 .
DOI : 10.3102/0013189X10370781
Information Technology for Development , 2003 .
DOI : 10.1002/itdj.1590100303 ( About DOIs ) .
Some drinks such as vodka do not have as many impurities in them as cocktails such as a pina colada .
So when they break down into their constituent parts they can fall apart and not dry out properly .
This means that photographing something like vodka can take up to 200 attempts to get it right .
Credit : Barcroft USA
Tack on another month of no progress with weekly unemployment claims .
The 4 - Week moving average is still hovering around the 450,000 to 460,000 level where it was in mid-December 2009 .
Please consider the Unemployment Weekly Claims Report for July 17 , 2010 .
In the week ending July 17 , the advance figure for seasonally adjusted initial claims was 464,000 , an increase of 37,000 from the previous week 's revised figure of 427,000 .
The 4 - week moving average was 456,000 , an increase of 1,250 from the previous week 's revised average of 454,750 .
Weekly Claims and 4 - Week Moving Averages
improvement
Questions on the Weekly Claims vs. the Unemployment Rate
I would n't call myself someone who does n't like weddings .
However , when I was planning my wedding five years ago , a lot of things were very stressful that might not have had to be .
I guess I should start by saying that I was n't the girl who had her wedding mentally planned out by the time she was ten .
I knew how I wanted my * marriage * to be , but not the wedding .
It was so incredibly frustrating that every single magazine I read or person I talked to seemed to think I should already * know * all this stuff .
I should have already * thought * about what flowers I want in my bouquet , how long my veil would be , what color earrings my maids would be wearing , etc .
I 'll admit to having thought about these things over the years , especially when shopping for the prom or family weddings , but the smaller details were n't that important to me .
I had no idea where to begin !
I had a friend trying to help me plan things , but we had so many contrasting ideas that I ended up not using most of them .
I 'm sad to say that it's had an adverse effect on our friendship , because stressful events tend to bring out the worst in people .
She did , however , give me some good advice that I am going to pass on to you .
- Know what is really important to you .
The main difference between my friend and I was that she 'd already done most of the ' big thinking ' I had yet to do .
To help me figure out where to start planning , she suggested that I come up with three things that are more important to me than anything else .
This will help your focus considerably , especially when planning the budget .
For me , it was having my friends and family involved , having a church wedding , and the dress .
The first one cut down on a * lot * of time and money looking for places and caterers and all of that , because I have family and friends who do those things .
My stepsister manages a high - end seafood restaurant and so handled the rehearsal dinner as her gift to us ; the pastor is a family friend who refused any payment ; A friend made a lot of the decorations and the cake .
This helped make our wedding truly * ours * , because everything was unique and personal .
It also freed up a lot of money to go toward other things , since we did n't have the ' markup ' .
I ended up getting a very good deal on my dress and the maids ' dresses because I had made that such a high priority and put the most time toward that .
Otherwise I might have had to rush and not had time to shop around and look for deals - something I am rather good at !
The ' wedding rules ' I heard demanded that I tell the bridesmaids how to wear their hair , but I did n't because I really could care less .
- Do n't allow yourself to be bullied or bossed around .
Remember , this is * your* day .
It 's not your mom's , your sister 's , your great aunt Myrtle 's , your boss ' cousin 's former roommate 's , etc .
It 's * yours * .
While you may not be able to have * everything * you want ( which is where the first item comes into play ) , do n't let other people make you feel bad because what you choose would n't be their choice .
Be careful who you take advice from or what you listen to , because it is very common for a person to try to fix the mistakes from their * own * wedding through yours .
I had all these ' rules ' quoted at me , most of which made no sense or did n't apply to my situation .
My colors were burgundy , green and gold , which are ' supposed ' to be for evening weddings , but mine was at 5 pm .
I was told by the ' planner ' that I should tell my guests what to wear on the invitation , but I refused to on the grounds that a lot of my family and friends are the kind of people who do n't have fancy suits or money lying around and having them there was more important than having them dressed up .
The wedding was at a church , but ' church dress ' in small - town , coastal North Carolina is completely different from ' church dress ' in Manhattan .
The reception was in a party room that was made to look like a ' 50s diner , but we served heavy appetizers rather than diner food .
Yes , it ended up looking kind of random , but my husband and I are pretty random ourselves !
It can be useful to learn from other peoples ' experiences , but other people are not * you * .
While the people who hold the purse strings have a lot of say , do n't let the planning and details get completely away from you , because it 's pretty hard to get them back .
- Be realistic .
Murphy 's Law of ' anything that can go wrong , will ' seems to particularly apply to weddings .
However well you plan , some ideas simply wo n't fit , so you might have to cut some things out .
Leave room for last - minute changes , have ' backup plans ' and spares , and leave plenty of time for everything !
It is much better to get to the church or wherever and have two or three hours to kill after everything is done than to have to rush everything .
This goes back to knowing what is really important to you ; there are going to be some things that wo n't go right , however well you plan .
Do n't try to control every last detail , but focus on the larger things and leave some ' room ' for everything else .
Remember , your wedding day should be about two things - the two of you getting married .
No two weddings are alike , and they probably should n't be , since no two * couples * are alike .
It 's * your * day , so do with it what you want !
The MV Rachel Corrie , carrying another group of pro-Palestinian activists seeking to challenge the Gaza blockade , sailed toward a possible clash with Israel in the Mediterranean on Friday .
But Israel said it had no desire for a fresh confrontation five days after an Israeli commando raid on the " Freedom Flotilla " resulted in skirmishes with activists wielding metal rods , clubs , and knives .
Nine activists were killed .
" We have no desire for a confrontation , '' read a statement by Israel 's Foreign Ministry , though Israeli leaders said the country would continue to enforce a naval blockade .
" We have no desire to board the ship . ''
Israel has come under intense international pressure to ease a three - year blockade on Gaza after Israeli navy 's fatal raid on the Mavi Marmara , which was carrying the bulk of the flotilla 's activists and 10,000 tons of aid .
A senior US official was quoted in The New York Times as saying not only the US , but Israel , too , has realized that the Gaza blockade has become untenable .
Now , as a possible fresh showdown looms , Israel is considering relaxing its restrictions on goods passing into the Gaza Strip .
A senior Israeli official who requested anonymity said that Israel would continue inspect all sea cargo for weapons bound for Hamas , but " we also want to facilitate the transfer of civilian goods to the people of the Gaza Strip .
We are currently exploring additional ways to achieve these goals . ''
Global support strengthens domestic critics of blockade
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu reiterated this week that the blockade is necessary to prevent Iran from establishing a Gaza port through which it can arm Hamas , while opposition leader Tzipi Livni – who was foreign minister when the blockade was imposed in 2007 – says it 's meant to pressure Hamas into renouncing violence .
But the intensified foreign calls against the blockade in the wake of Israel 's flotilla raid has strengthened domestic critics who had already been arguing for a rethink of Israel 's three - year - old policy .
Under the policy , only humanitarian food and medical supplies – less than what the UN recommends – are allowed into Gaza .
Yossi Alpher , former adviser to Prime Minister Ehud Barak , says that Monday 's raid takeover is evidence of his claim that Israel needs to define a new strategy for dealing with Gaza 's Hamas - controlled government .
He says the blockade is backfiring , and the so - called quartet of peace process mediators – the US , Britain , Russia , and the United Nations – need to realize that .
" I would hope it would bring about the realization among Israel , Egypt , and the Quartet that this policy is counterproductive and a failure , '' says Mr. Alpher , co-editor of the Israeli - Palestinian commentary forum Bitterlemons.org .
" It 's time to look to see if a more productive strategy can be found . ''
' Smarter ' sanctions needed – former general
Critics such as Alpher argue that the Gaza blockade strengthens Hamas by putting it in control of an underground economy routed through smuggling tunnels under the Egyptian border , while wreaking havoc on members of Gaza 's middle and working classes .
They argue that Hamas has been able to build up military capabilities despite the blockade .
But other say the problem is not sanctions in general , but how they have been applied .
" I think that sanctions should be smarter , and directed at Hamas , rather than so broad and unselective , " says Shlomo Brom , a former general and head of the IDF 's strategic planning branch .
The blockade has been in force since Hamas took over Gaza in June 2007 , ousting their secular Fatah rivals in violent clashes .
Egypt has largely supported the blockade , keeping its border with the territory mostly closed .
But this week it opened its Rafah crossing to humanitarian aid for an indefinite period of time .
Writing in the center - left Haaretz newspaper , columnist Aluf Ben called on Israel to complete its withdrawal from Gaza by sealing its border and stopping the transfer of goods to the coastal strip , shifting responsibility to Egypt .
Related :
This dude just said the Battlestar Galactica finale was " great storytelling . "
WTF !?
And then his friend started lecturing you about why your phone sucks .
Are you starting to hyperventilate ?
You 've got nerd rage !
But just how wrathful are you ?
Advertisement
Answer the following questions as honestly as possible .
Then add up your score and find out just how angry you really are .
For each " yes " give yourself one point .
1 . Have you ever experienced a spike in your blood pressure when overhearing other people ( especially strangers ) getting their facts wrong when they talk about a science fiction story , game , or software ?
Advertisement
Dwight Faces Nerd Torture Of The Highest Form Click to view Our beloved Dwight Schrute , lover of bears , beets and Battlestar Galactica faced the… Read more
2 . Have you ever been permanently banned from an online forum for arguing about the right way to interpret a TV series , movie , or comic book ?
3 . Have you ever argued for more than an hour straight over the merits of a piece of software or hardware ?
Give yourself two points if you were also arguing about open source vs. free software at the same time .
4 . Is there only one right answer to the question , " Which Star Trek movie is the best ? "
Advertisement
5 . Do you agree that it is impossible to fully appreciate the Lord of the Rings movie trilogy without reading the books ?
6 . Have you ever broken something worth more than $ 20 after getting killed in a video game ?
Advertisement
7. " Apple sucks . " " Apple rules . "
Are those fighting words ?
8 . Have you ever tried to punch somebody after arguing about Batman , Superman , or any Marvel Comics character ?
Advertisement
9 . Do you own a collectible whose loss or destruction would put you in an extremely , extremely bad mood that lasts for more than one day ?
10 .
Have you ever gotten into a friendship - ending fight with somebody over software , games , or science fiction ?
Advertisement
11 . Have you ever screamed at somebody for more than five minutes for making a really bad move in a video game or RPG ?
12 . Have you ever gotten so frustrated with a gadget or computer that you have thrown it across the room or out a window ?
Advertisement
13 .
When somebody screws you over , do they deserve to have their email / Facebook / Twitter / blog account hacked ?
Not by you , of course , but by somebody who just happens to have your DNA and occupies the exact same spot as you do in space and time ?
Add up your score .
Advertisement
Here 's where you are on the Geek Rage Scale ( GRS ) :
0 - 3 points : Grumpy Fan
You might occasionally suffer from nerd grumpiness , but you keep your anger mostly in check .
Nobody will see your dark side unless they really provoke you .
You are able to behave in mixed nerd / non - nerd company .
4 - 5 points : Touchy Geek
Woe to the person who finds herself on the wrong end of an argument with you about your favorite thing , whether that 's New X - Men or the Android OS .
You 've got really strong opinions , and you 're not afraid to share them .
Even in a really quiet place where everybody is looking at you .
Luckily , there are only a few things that really set you off .
Advertisement
6 - 8 points : Dangerous Dork
It 's hard for you to be around non -geeks sometimes .
First of all , they do n't know the difference between Firefox and Windows .
Which is just - what the hell .
And second of all , they do n't know WTF they are talking about when they say Next Gen is better than original Trek .
Sometimes you just can't stop yourself from correcting them , and then they get these really weird looks on their faces which just make them even more hard to understand .
Better to hang out with geeks who understand why you are angry .
9 -11 points : Complete Freakazoid
Did that guy mess up your game ?
How about that writer who totally borked your favorite show ?
Well , this means war .
Seriously , WHAT THE FUCK IS UP WITH THAT GODDAMN TRAVESTY THAT DARES TO CALL ITSELF A MOVIE ?
You really want to know .
And you 're going to keep yelling about it until everybody sees things your way .
Even if it comes to blows , or a major flame war that will result in moderators being called in , banhammers , and certain people 's addresses being posted online .
12 - 14 points : Nerd Berserker
What the hell , dude .
Chill the fuck out .
Seriously - it 's only a movie , OK ?
I can't take you anywhere without you flying off the handle and breaking shit because people do n't take games as seriously as you do , and I can't even hang out with you online anymore because you got kicked out of every freakin fan forum we 're on together .
Maybe you should see a counselor to deal with your geek rage issues .
Seriously - it might help .
Ow !
Jeez !
Hey , that 's my super valuable 1970s Ghidorah action figure !
Do n't - !
AAAAAAAAAAAA !
Click to view
Enlarge By Marcio Jose Sanchez , AP 2009 protest in San Francisco : California voters approved Proposition 8 in 2008 to reverse a ruling that gay couples had a right to marry .
CALIFORNIA'S MARRIAGE DEBATE CALIFORNIA'S MARRIAGE DEBATE
Key dates in the California same - sex marriage dispute : February 2004 San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom allows marriage licenses to be issued to same - sex couples .
March 2004 California Supreme Court orders a halt to licenses for gay couples ; legal proceedings begin over rights of gay couples under state law .
May 2008 California Supreme Court rules that same - sex couples have a fundamental right to marry under the state Constitution .
November 2008 California voters adopt Proposition 8 to amend the state Constitution and ensure that only heterosexuals can marry .
May 2009 California Supreme Court upholds Proposition 8 as a valid amendment to state Constitution ; a challengers to Proposition 8 , led by lawyers Theodore Olson and David Boies , file a federal lawsuit claiming the same - sex marriage ban violates U.S. constitutional guarantees of equality and privacy .
The lead couple in the lawsuit is Kris Perry and Sandy Stier , who had obtained a marriage license in 2004 after the Newsom directive .
January 2010 U.S. District Court Judge Vaughn Walker begins trial on constitutionality of Proposition 8 .
June 2010 Closing arguments held .
August 2010 Walker overturns gay marriage ban .
Source : USA TODAY research Enlarge By Jeff Chiu , AP Prop 8 challengers : Attorneys Theodore Olson , center , and David Boies , right , talk with plaintiffs Sandy Stier , second from left , and her wife , Kris Perry , at a news conference June 16 in San Francisco .
GAY MARRIAGES PERMITTED GAY MARRIAGES PERMITTED
Five states and the District of Columbia issue licenses for same - sex marriage : Connecticut
Iowa
Massachusetts
New Hampshire
Vermont Source : National Conference of State Legislators PAST CASES PAST CASES Major Supreme Court rulings invoked in the Proposition 8 dispute : Loving v. Virginia , 1967 Justices ruled state laws prohibiting interracial marriage violate the Constitution 's guarantee of equal protection and due process of law .
Romer v. Evans , 1996 Ruling found that a Colorado constitutional amendment adopted by voters to stop cities from banning discrimination based on sexual orientation ( for example , in jobs and housing ) lacked rational state grounds and appeared motivated by " animus " toward gay men and lesbians .
Lawrence v. Texas , 2003 Justices ruled state anti-sodomy laws that prohibited consensual homosexual relations violated the privacy rights of gay men and lesbians .
Source : USA TODAY research Lawsuits over gay marriage have escalated on the nation 's two coasts , energizing advocates on both sides and bringing the legal battle over same - sex marriage closer to the U.S. Supreme Court .
Final arguments in a constitutional test of California 's ban on such unions were held a month ago this week .
A verdict in the case heard by U.S. District Court Chief Judge Vaughn Walker in San Francisco could come any day .
Last Thursday , a federal judge in Boston raised the stakes in this fractious area when he declared part of a U.S. law that refuses to recognize state gay marriages is unconstitutional .
The law denies gay and lesbian couples federal benefits that go to heterosexual couples .
FAITH & REASON : Feelings on Defense of Marriage Act JUNE : Closing arguments in Calif. gay - marriage trial POPE : Gay marriage among world 's greatest threats MORMON CHURCH : Unequivocal position against gay marriage " To ... divide a class of married individuals into those with spouses of the same sex and those with spouses of the opposite sex is to create a distinction without meaning , " Judge Joseph Tauro wrote in the case involving gay couples in Massachusetts , one of five states that issue marriage licenses to gays .
Unlike state legal battles in recent decades that have left a patchwork of state laws on same - sex marriage and civil unions , the cases in San Francisco and Boston test the U.S. Constitution and could lead to a national standard .
Yet the Supreme Court will likely move incrementally rather than sweepingly when cases arrive , Northwestern University law professor Andrew Koppelman says .
" The overwhelming majority of the states are still opposed to same - sex marriage , " he notes .
" The Supreme Court is reluctant to take on the whole country . "
The outcome of any case could depend on Justice Anthony Kennedy , author of the major gay - rights rulings and the pivotal vote on the court .
No dispute directly testing gay rights was heard in the recently completed term , yet one case at the margins put Kennedy again in a decisive position .
He was the key fifth vote to uphold a policy at a California state law school denying recognition to a Christian group that excluded gay student members .
" A vibrant dialogue is not possible if students wall themselves off from opposing points of view , " Kennedy wrote .
For Camilla Taylor , a lawyer in the Chicago office of Lambda Legal , a group that advocates for gay rights , it was a sign of Kennedy 's " recognition that gay people are individuals who deserve respect . "
Looking at recent legal action , including in Boston , Taylor adds , " There was a time when courts were not as receptive to our arguments .
The tide has turned .
While there still may be a few defeats here and there , I am convinced that we are watching history in the making . "
Still , resolution of the cases now in lower U.S. courts and any Supreme Court determination on same - sex marriage is far from predictable .
" I 'm still optimistic about the Supreme Court , " says Maggie Gallagher , president of the National Organization for Marriage , which wants to preserve marriage for heterosexuals .
Her group denounced Tauro 's rulings against the Defense of Marriage Act and is awaiting a verdict from San Francisco .
" Many people do not understand that Proposition 8 is not just about California , " Gallagher says .
" This is a national case with national implications . "
The Prop 8 debate California voters approved Proposition 8 in November 2008 to reverse a state court ruling that May saying gay couples had a right to marry under the state constitution .
The challengers to that ban on same - sex marriage are represented by Theodore Olson and David Boies , adversaries in the 2000 presidential clash at the Supreme Court , Bush v. Gore .
Olson argued on behalf of then - governor of Texas George W. Bush , and Boies , then - vice president Al Gore .
In closing arguments , Olson stressed the value of marriage to personal liberty .
" The Supreme Court has said ... marriage is the most important relation in life , " he said .
Olson argued that when a state denies marriage to gay couples , it impinges on fundamental liberties .
Defending the ban on same - sex marriages in final arguments , Washington lawyer Charles Cooper cited society 's interest in " procreative " relationships and children 's welfare .
When children are not raised by heterosexual couples , he said , " a host of ... very negative societal implications arise . "
Judge Walker sounded skeptical of such arguments .
Yet , he voiced concern about ruling broadly when only five states allow gay marriage .
He suggested an untimely decision could cause a political backlash , as the high court did in 1973 when it made abortion legal nationwide .
The Boston decision
The question for Tauro in Boston was narrower : whether same - sex couples validly married in Massachusetts may be denied U.S. marriage - based benefits that heterosexual couples get .
Tauro said such denial of benefits violates the Constitution 's equality guarantee .
Tauro also ruled that the U.S. law intrudes on state authority .
He rejected the idea that the law advanced a federal interest in nurturing heterosexual marriage over homosexual relations .
Tauro said he could see no way that denying benefits to same - sex spouses " might encourage homosexual people to marry members of the opposite sex . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Donnez de l'air à votre ville !
Choisissez votre ville
Via Andrew Sullivan , a new study from the Joan Shorenstein Center finds that major U.S. newspapers routinely referred to waterboarding as torture until 2002 , when they suddenly stopped .
Unsurprisingly , the U.S. media ’s attitude toward waterboarding depended almost entirely on who was doing it :
News articles that considered other countries or individuals committing waterboarding were far more likely to classify waterboarding as torture than articles that dealt with the U.S. using waterboarding .
In the NY Times , 85.8 % of articles ( 28 of 33 ) that dealt with a country other than the U.S. using waterboarding against an individual called waterboarding torture or implied it was torture .
Yet when the U.S. was the perpetrator , only 7.69 % ( 16 of 208 ) articles said or implied that waterboarding was torture .
Just 0.8 % of the articles ( 1 of 133 ) dealing with the War on Terror where the U.S. was the perpetrator said or implied that waterboarding was torture .
The LA Times follows a similar pattern of avoiding the label of torture when the U.S. is responsible for using waterboarding .
In articles that considered other countries using waterboarding , 91.3 % of articles ( 21 of 23 ) called waterboarding torture or implied the practice was torture .
When the U.S. was the violator , only 11.4 % of articles ( 9 of 79 ) used this classification .
To All GC Math Ph.D. Program Faculty ,
I am happy to report that we have managed ( thorough the good graces of our postdoc Yu Yasufuku ) to get a limited supply of Hagoromo " Fulltouch " chalk which is made in Japan and is not available for sale in the United States .
We have been trying unsuccessfully to get this “ miracle ” chalk for years , but finally our prayers have been answered .
Users of this chalk report that it is the “ Rolls Royce ” of chalk ; for you oenophiles , it may be thought of as the “ Chateau Lafite Rothschild ” of chalk , or , for you baseball fans , the “ Babe Ruth ” of chalk … well , you get the idea .
I have heard it said that it is impossible to make a mathematical mistake when writing with this chalk , but I am somewhat dubious of this claim .
The chalk was “ smuggled ” in stick by stick carried in the beaks of birds ( well , practically ) , so the supply is very limited .
We have , however , worked out a distribution system that seems the fairest and that should allow our stash to last for about 3 semesters .
Faculty members teaching at GC will get ten sticks of chalk per semester , and those not teaching but who are coordinating ( or co-coordinating ) a math seminar at the GC and is a member of the Math Doctoral Faculty will each get 2 sticks per semester .
This will repeat each semester until the chalk is gone .
Faculty should save this chalk for use only during their most important lectures or when working on their most important theorems .
If you currently fall into one of the two categories listed above , please stop by to see me for your chalk and I will check you off of my list .
Hopefully , after spring 2011 , another supply of these magical white sticks can be procured on the black or gray market , or perhaps Hagoromo will begin distribution in the U.S .
At any rate , enjoy your chalk !
Use it wisely .
Best ,
Rob
Robert S. Landsman , Assistant Program Officer , CUNY Ph.D. Program in Mathematics
Last week a curious , free release popped up on Steam : Moonbase Alpha , a NASA - funded game where up to six players can team up in order to save a near - future Lunar base crippled by a meteor strike .
The game is just the first release from NASA 's Learning Technologies program , which aims to help raise interest in the space program through gaming .
Ars spoke with Daniel Laughlin , project manager of Learning Technologies , to learn more about the game and what we can expect to see in the future .
The game was codeveloped by Army Game Studio and Virtual Heroes , two of the leading developers of " serious games . "
And according to Laughlin , NASA 's decision to move into the game space was influenced a great deal by the success of the studios ' previous releases .
" The project was inspired in part by America 's Army , " Laughlin told Ars .
" It started as an effort to prove we could create a commercial quality game using NASA content that is fun .
NASA was looking for a project at the same time the Army Game Studio was looking to branch out from America ’s Army .
It helped that Army Game Studio and NASA ’s Marshall Space Flight Center are co-located at Redstone Arsenal in Alabama .
Virtual Heroes has a history for with America ’s Army so we were excited to see them selected to support the Army Game Studio on the game . "
Though development of the game did n't start until last year , Laughlin actually began researching the prospect of using games as an educational tool back in 2004 .
The main impetus for the project was the decline in interest in STEM education — science , technology , engineering and mathematics — amongst the American population .
" The US is facing a crisis in technical fields , " explained Laughlin .
" There are not enough students studying science , technology , engineering and mathematics to fill our national needs in those areas .
NASA literally cannot function without STEM graduates .
The big goals for NASA Education are to get more students into STEM fields of study and graduating into STEM careers .
It ’s also the president ’s goal with the Educate to Innovate initiative .
Moonbase Alpha was developed in support of those goals . "
In addition to funding the game , NASA also had a hand in ensuring that it was as accurate as possible , going so far as to have several engineers and scientists review the game for accuracy .
Meanwhile , all of the models for the structures , vehicles and space suits were based on NASA ’s lunar architecture plans .
The game itself only takes around 20 minutes to play , and despite its sophisticated 3D visuals — the game utilizes Unreal Engine 3 — Moonbase Alpha is really just a proof of concept .
NASA has another , much more ambitious project in the works : an MMO tentatively titled Astronaut : Moon , Mars and Beyond .
And , according to Laughlin , the success of Moonbase Alpha could have a big affect on the development of the MMO .
" Summaries of the player feedback from Moonbase Alpha will be going to the design team for Astronaut : Moon , Mars and Beyond , " he told Ars .
" Even more importantly , Moonbase Alpha has the potential to make or break the MMO project .
A big negative reaction would mean revisiting the rationale for the MMO and reconsidering the project .
A big positive reaction will give momentum and support to Astronaut : Moon , Mars and Beyond . "
Moonbase Alpha is currently available as a free download on Steam .
The bow tie is enjoying a fashion revival - thanks to the new Doctor Who .
Since Matt Smith , 27 , became the 11th incarnation of the Time Lord on April 3 , sales have nearly doubled at one chain .
A spokeswoman for Topman , many of whose shoppers are the target audience for the TV programme , said : " We have seen a dramatic rise in bow tie sales - in the past month sales have increased by 94 % .
Last week alone they accounted for 14 % of all our tie sales . "
The bow tie was probably first worn by Croatian mercenaries in the Prussian wars of the 17th century , when they used it to hold together their shirt openings .
It was later adopted by the French who designed its modern form .
The orbiting Hubble telescope may have explained a mystery streak of light that occurred on the face of Jupiter on June 3 , the European Space Agency ( ESA ) said .
Astronomers around the world have been abuzz about the flash , with some speculating the Solar System 's biggest planet was whacked by a rogue space rock .
Hubble was turned towards Jupiter on June 7 , scanning it with ultraviolet and optical cameras , but saw no telltale dark smudges in the swirling atmosphere .
" This means that the object did n't descend beneath the clouds and explode as a fireball , " the agency said .
" If it had done , then dark sooty blast debris would have been ejected and would have rained down onto the clouds . "
Instead , the best hunch is that the object was a large rock that headed towards Jupiter but burned up in its upper atmosphere , above the cloud tops .
It was not big enough to survive burnup and penetrate deep into the atmosphere , where it would have exploded
Credit : ESO / AFP / GETTY
Shares in BP hit a 14 - year low this morning after the oil giant revealed that its bill for containing and cleaning up the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico – the worst in US history – had climbed to $ 2.35 bn ( £ 1.57bn ) .
The shares dropped 6.8 % at one stage and later traded down 6.3 % at 304.5 p , making BP the biggest faller on the FTSE 100 .
Five - year BP credit default swaps , which insure the company against debt default , widened 19 basis points to 555 points .
The latest cost estimate is up from a previous figure of $ 2bn .
It includes $ 126 m already paid out in claims to those affected by the disaster , mainly workers in the fishing industry .
So far , nearly 74,000 claims have been filed and more than 39,000 payments have been made .
The bulk of the cost covers wages paid to 37,000 people involved in efforts to capture oil at the blown - out well in the Gulf and the clean - up operation on the shore .
It has emerged that the oil company has ordered clean - up contractors to pay out wages to workers suspected of claiming for work they have not done .
Rear Admiral James Watson , the federal on - scene co-ordinator for the oil spill , admitted that there had been " instances of fraud " .
Under intense pressure from the White House , BP agreed to set up a $ 20bn independently administered fund to pay for the clean - up and meet compensation claims last week .
The oil giant said this morning that work on two relief wells , designed to kill the leaking well , and measures to improve the capture of oil , were on track .
A new containment system will start operating next month .
The company had to reinstall an oil - siphoning cap on the blown - out well and resumed collecting crude yesterday after an accident led to oil flowing unhindered into the ocean for 10 hours on Wednesday .
So far , 364,500 barrels of oil have been recovered from the ocean .
NetBeans IDE 6.9.1 Release Information
The NetBeans IDE is an award - winning integrated development environment available for Windows , Mac , Linux , and Solaris .
The NetBeans project consists of an open - source IDE and an application platform that enable developers to rapidly create web , enterprise , desktop , and mobile applications using the Java platform , as well as JavaFX , PHP , JavaScript and Ajax , Ruby and Ruby on Rails , Groovy and Grails , and C / C ++.
The NetBeans project is supported by a vibrant developer community and offers extensive documentation and training resources as well as a diverse selection of third - party plugins .
Release Overview
NetBeans IDE 6.9 introduces the JavaFX Composer , a visual layout tool for visually building JavaFX GUI applications , similar to the Swing GUI builder for Java SE applications .
Additional highlights include OSGi interoperability for NetBeans Platform applications and support for developing OSGi bundles with Maven ; support for JavaFX SDK , PHP Zend framework , and Ruby on Rails 3.0 ; as well as improvements to the Java Editor , Java Debugger , issue tracking , and more .
Get the NetBeans IDE 6.9.1
The latest available download is NetBeans IDE 6.9.1 , which is an update to NetBeans IDE 6.9 .
Support for JavaFX 1.3.1
Improvements to the JavaFX Debugger
Integration of the June 2010 and July 2010 patches
Performance improvements
Documentation
NetBeans IDE 6.9.1 includes the following notable changes :
Use the following documents to get started with NetBeans IDE 6.9.1 :
Feature Highlights
OSGi Develop OSGi bundles with Maven
Bundled Felix container
Use OSGi bundles in a NetBeans RCP application
NetBeans Platform OSGi interoperability ( developing and consuming OSGi bundles in Platform - based applications )
Felix 2.0.3 OSGi support , experimental Equinox support
Convert NetBeans modules into OSGi bundles and run them in an unmodified OSGi container
Branding Editor for both Ant and Maven Platform - based projects
NetBeans Platform - based applications generate installers for most common operating systems
Enhanced support for consuming web services and connecting to databases JavaFX JavaFX Composer for form - like UI components with states and access to various data sources
Added and improved editor hints , debugging , and refactoring
Enhanced Palettes for JavaFX Shapes , Colors , Effects , and Charts
Improved code formatting Java EE Support for Contexts and Dependency Injection ( CDI ) ( JSR - 299 )
Spring Framework 3.0 support
Bundled GlassFish Server Open Source Edition 3.0.1
Easy regeneration of JPA entities after database change
REST web services support for RCP applications Java Java Debugger breakpoint grouping , debugger attach parameter history
Support for annotation processors in the editor , configurable in the Project Properties
New Applet and Web Start ( JNLP ) support
Improved navigation in Stack Trace Analyzer and URLs , Go To Overridden / Implemented Method action
Web Languages : HTML , CSS , JavaScript Refactoring and find usages for CSS and HTML - like languages
Code completion and hyperlinking for id and class selector attributes
Refactoring inline CSS styles Java Card Support for creating Java Card Connected 3 servlets , classic and extended applets
Backward compatibility with Java Card 2.2.x and Java Card Classic
Debugging , and multiple Java Card Platform / Device creation
Alignment with Java Card Reference Implementation PHP PHP Zend Framework support
" Overrides / Implements " and " Is Overridden / Implemented " annotations
New formatter with many formatting rules
Ruby Ruby on Rails 3.0 support C/C+ +
Unit test integration with C/C++ projects
Enhanced remote development including remote file download and browsing
Improved support of makefile targets and Fortran
Improved hyperlink navigation between overridden methods and classes General Many more editor hints for Java and Ruby
Spell checker support in the Editor
Help menu item for reporting bugs and slowness against NetBeans IDE
Support for multiple Kenai - based team servers ( e.g. kenai.com and netbeans.org ) .
Learn more about the features of this release at the NetBeans IDE New and Noteworthy page !
Visit the NetBeans release roadmap .
Harmonix has announced details of Rock Band 3 , including its keyboard controller and Pro mode .
Gameplay for the 25 - key MIDI keyboard will be closer to the real - life equivalent than ever , with a full two - octave range .
Pro mode , however , takes this further .
New guitar controllers based on the Fender Squier Stratocaster ( official ) and Fender Mustang Pro ( Mad Catz ) will have six actual strings to strum .
In - game , Pro mode 's notations will be closer to real music , and the guitars will interpret your input in a way that , ultimately , will mean you are learning how to play the instrument in real life too .
Drummers will have three new cymbals to master on their standard four - drum pads , while vocalists already know about the inclusion of Beatles and Green Day - style harmonies .
Other modes include a new goal - based career with a story , and it will be possible to drop in and out of gameplay without disrupting song playback .
Which is just as well , because bands can now have up to seven members playing at once .
Good news for those of you who have been hoarding Rock Band Music Store downloads , too - Harmonix is promising a new filtering system .
Check out a USA Today report on YouTube to see a bit of the game in action .
Rock Band 3 is due out this autumn .
The Israeli security cabinet just voted to ease the three - year blockade on Gaza , in the wake of the tragic naval attack on the Mavi Marmara by Israeli commandos .
What does that mean in practical terms ?
I ’ve heard that the cabinet changed the list to allow more goods to enter .
There should n’t be any limitations on food , but things that can be used for terror cannot be permitted .
The reason for the blockade on Gaza was not to punish the Palestinians but to continue to delegitimize Hamas .
There is no hope for peace with Hamas , and we need to continue the peace process with the legitimate Palestinian government .
Many Americans agree Hamas is a disaster , but might Israel do more to show concern for the Palestinian people and the problems they face ?
I know that there is no humanitarian crisis .
Why do you say that ?
The crossings are open for humanitarian needs .
I suggested in the past to put cameras online , on the Internet , for the world to see all the goods entering Gaza Strip .
This was my suggestion when I was foreign minister .
You ’re the leader of the centrist Kadima Party , which is an opposition party .
Yet you do n’t sound very opposed to the views of the ruling party .
On the right of Israel to exist and to defend itself , there is no opposition in Israel .
Mafia 2 Gets Exclusive Day - One DLC on PS3
This newly announced DLC is above and beyond the other downloadable goodies announced previously for multiple platforms .
Mafia 2 is due out on PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , and PC on August 24 in North America , with an international release following on August 27 .
Summer means fireworks , and here 's how to see some of Nature 's best displays .
Start with a few comets streaking around the solar system , leaving behind dusty trails of gas , ice , rocks and dust .
Then find a comfortable nighttime seat on planet Earth as it passes through these dusty comet trails .
Finally , sit back and enjoy the show as bits of leftover comet burn up in our atmosphere , creating the celestial displays that we call meteor showers .
On Thursday , July 22 , astronomer Bill Cooke from NASA 's Marshall Space Flight Center answered your questions about comets and meteors : their origins and cycles , their composition and colors and the best way to catch a glimpse of them in the night skies .
More About Chat Expert Bill Cooke
The head of NASA 's Meteoroid Environment Office , Dr. Bill Cooke specializes in the meteoroid environment and its effects on space vehicles of all sorts .
While a graduate student at the University of Florida , he worked on instruments flying onboard balloons , the Space Shuttle , Giotto ( European mission to Halley 's Comet ) , and the Long Duration Exposure Facility .
After obtaining his PhD , he came to work at Marshall Space Flight Center as a member of the Space Environments Team .
When not occupied with meteor observations and shower forecasts , he dabbles as a free - lance author for magazines and is a mentor for the Team America Rocketry Challenge and NASA 's Student Launch Initiative rocketry programs .
Chat Transcript
Bill :
Hi everyone , Bill here .
We 're finishing the chat set - up and getting ready to start answering your questions at 3:00 Eastern .
Thanks , and welcome to the chat !
dina1372 : Hi , did you study physics in uni ?
Bill : Hi Dina .
Yes , I did .
ludmila :
Where does the ice meteorites come from ?
Bill : Ice METEORS come from comets .
A piece of ice would never make it to the ground , so it can't be a meteorite ! :)
michael : Sir , why are some meteorites " dancing " in the sky ?
Bill : Meteorites hit the ground , but meteors are in the sky .
They can leave a streak in the sky as they burn up , and they can leave a smoke trail in the sky that the wind may appear to make look wavy .
rahulr96 : Why do we see so many meteor showers if the chance of impact is so rare ?
Bill : Because most of the " stuff " never makes it to the atmosphere .
Ice does n't make it to the ground .
Most meteor showers come from comets , so their meteors are made of ice .
JJ_Jordan10 : What materials are found in a comet ?
Bill : Ice , carbon dust and other organic chemicals .
sara : Hi Bill .
I have a whole room of anxious children at science camp waiting to talk to you :)
Bill : Great !
I 'm looking forward to hearing their questions , sara !
Dell_Conagher :
In what way is Jupiter influencing the Delta Aquariids ?
Are they becoming more or less likely to cause meteor showers ?
Bill :
That 's a good question .
The Delta Aquariids are caused by the Marsden family of comets , and Jupiter does n't affect them much .
However , it exerts a significant influence on showers like the Geminids and Perseids .
sara :
How long does it take a meteor to reach Earth ?
Bill :
It depends on where it came from .
We can tell how long a meteor is in space by measuring the time it 's exposed to cosmic rays .
These ages indicate meteors are in space from a few thousands to many millions - if not BILLIONS - of years .
dina1372 : The chemicals of the meteor are s.th that we can find on earth ?
Bill : Pretty much everything .
Meteors contain no unknown elements , so they only difference is that they may possess higher concentrations of things like iridium that we find on Earth .
Dubplay :
What time is best to see the shower ?
Bill :
Most showers are best seen after midnight and before dawn , but it depends on the shower .
sara :
How big was the largest meteor to hit the Earth ?
Bill :
That would be the Mars - sized meteor that hit the Earth about 4.8 billion years ago and created the moon .
meteora_lp :
What 's the difference btween planetoids and comets ?
Bill : A comet is generally considered to be an icy body with perhaps a small rocky core , whereas planetoids are mainly thought to be big rocks .
BUT , there 's a lot of fuzziness in that .
Nature does n't classify things neatly !
krpm1 : Hi Bill !
Why does a comets ' tail preceed the comet ?
Should n't the tail be behind it as it races through space ?
That always puzzled me as a kid .
Thanks !
Bill : Comet tails are always pointing away from the sun .
So when the comet approaches the sun , the tail is behind it .
When it moves away from the sun , the tail is in front because sunlight and solar wind push the tail particles straight away from the sun .
estamosenelfuturo :
Do u think Oort cloud is generating all the comets ?
Bill : The Oort cloud generates " long period comets , " which have orbits of several thousand years .
Comets that take 10s or 100s of years to go around the sun come from the Kuiper Belt out beyond Uranus .
MelnLily :
Hi , nothing to do with the meteor , my question is why can we sometimes still see the moon during the day ??
Surely when the sun is at its highest the moon should be on the other side if the earth .
Bill : Because it's in the orbit about the Earth and lit by the sun , the moon 's position is sometimes simply right so it can be seen in the daytime .
So during a solar eclipse , the moon blocks the light from the sun .
It can even block it at noon , when the sun is at the highest .
The moon can be anywhere in relation to the sun .
sara :
How fast can a comet travel ?
Bill : Sungrazing comets can travel up to 100 miles per second .
But they have to get REALLY close to the sun to travel that fast .
Comets in the vicinity of Earth can move up to 24 miles per second .
User_Name :
What is the oldest known observed comet in our solar system as seen from earth ?
Bill :
Well , I 'd say the comet observed the longest is Halley 's comet .
It was seen well before the birth of Christ , for several thousand years .
ysoner :
With current technology , what is the longest time period that we can spot a meteor before it reaches earth ?
Bill :
We have never detected a meteoroid in space from the ground .
We 've seen small asteroids about two yards across about 36 hours before impact .
That was 2008 - TC3 .
EuropaOrDie2020 : Where is Aphosis now and how did it get there ?
Bill : Try this Web site for tracking : http://neo.jpl.nasa.gov/, run by Near Earth Object office .
michael :
What is the origin of some tektites that came from the space ?
Bill :
It 's thought that many are volcanic in origin and do n't come from space .
We used to think they came from the moon , but now we know that lunar meteorites are extremely rare .
So tektites come from Earth .
JJ_Jordan10 : Where is the best place to view a meteor shower .
Bill : Away from city lights .
Go to a place with a dark sky and look up . :)
estamosenelfuturo :
What do you think about the Oort Cloud ?
Is it real ?
Bill :
Yes , the Oort cloud is the only way to explain comets that take more than several hundred years to go around the sun .
It definitely exists .
reportingsjr :
How many meteors hit the earth per year approximately ?
Bill : Millions and billions , to quote Carl Sagan .
Too many for us to know !
Dubplay :
Will the shower show up tonight ?
Bill : Yes , the Southern Delta Aquariids will be happening tonight and will peak in a couple of days , up to 20 meteors per hour .
They 'll appear to come from the constellation of Aquarius the Water - bearer , one of the signs of the zodiac .
dina1372 : How did that Mars- sized meteor make the moon ?
Bill :
It took many many years for us to figure that out .
Imagine the Earth , and imagine a rock the size of Mars striking the Earth a glancing blow .
The pieces of that collision went into orbit around the Earth and then accreted or " stuck together " to make the moon .
estamosenelfuturo : Rhank you for answering !
Bill :
You 're very welcome !
reportingsjr :
What is the difference between a meteor and a meteorite ?
Bill : A meteor is the streak of light you see in the sky .
A meteorite is a rock from space found on the ground .
Dell_Conagher :
How is it that one meteor shower , such as the Southern Delta Aquariids , is produced by two comets ?
Were the comets companions or close together somehow ?
Bill : Actually , the Southern Delta Aquariids and three other meteor showers are thought to be produced by an entire family of comets that share similar orbits .
Because they share similar orbits , the " junk " they leave behind ends up at the Earth at about the same time .
meteora_lp : The Periodic Table contains 118 elements .
Have you found some elements in meteors that we can't find here on Earth ?
If so how do they look like ?
Bill :
No unknown elements exist in the meteorites , so far .
sara :
How many meteors would it take to destroy a state like Florida ?
Bill :
Only one if it 's big enough . :)
A meteor one mile across ( an asteroid ) would leave a crater about 10 miles across and would flatten every house in the state of Florida .
estamosenelfuturo :
Has a collision between 2 comets ever been observed ?
Bill : No , not so far .
But we HAVE seen comets break apart .
Sumedha : Hi Bill .
What is the best posibble method to catch a glimpse of meteors / ites ?
I hvent seen one all my life !
Bill : I 'd say I 'd go out on the night of Aug 12 on the peak of the Perseids shower , after midnight , make sure the sky is clear and away from city lights .
Watch for a couple of hours .
I guarantee that you 'll see a meteor !
EuropaOrDie2020 : Would it be possible to hitch a ride on a fast moving comet to the outer solar system ?
Would that be faster than technology now ?
Bill :
As you move away from the sun the comet would move slower and slower .
I think we can do better with modern technology , or at least as good .
A good example of this is the New Horizons mission to Pluto which used Jupiter 's gravity to " slingshot " the craft to Pluto more quickly .
meteora_lp :
Why is an orbid of a comet like an elipse and not a circle ?
Bill : Because comets ' orbits are generally changed by the gravity of the planets and there 's no object in the solar system whose orbit is a perfect circle .
Even the Earth 's orbit is a slight ellipse .
ysoner :
Do you just observe comets , or run models to predict their occurence and trajectories ?
If so , what are the initial and boundary conditions ?
What is the domain ( i.e. solar system ?
milky way ? )
Bill :
My interest is confined to the solar system , thank you . :)
I observe comets , but I leave the models of comets and their trajectories to the experts at places like JPL .
sara :
What has been the oddest shaped meteorite to hit the Earth ?
Bill :
All meteorites have odd shapes .
estamosenelfuturo :
Is there any chance that a comet or meteorite in our solar system actually comes from another star ?
Bill :
Some people think they have detected very small - dust - sized - meteoroids that may have come from other solar systems and stars .
But that 's still being disputed .
Dubplay :
If meteors move per second then there would be no way to stop it if it were to come to earth ?
Bill :
This would be an asteroid , and you can stop it if you catch it a long way ( millions of miles ) from Earth .
That 's why NASA keeps looking for asteroids , so we can find them before they hit .
meteora_lp :
Do you know any other dangerous comets like Apophis ?
Bill :
It 's an asteroid , and for a list of potentially hazardous asteroids , you can check this Web site : http://neo.jpl.nasa.gov/.
Dell_Conagher :
Is there anything unusual about how one meteor shower will behave as a stream , and another as a swarm ?
Or is it just on how the originating object broke up ?
Bill :
All meteor showers are streams whether the particles come from a break - up or just being ejected from the surface of the comet .
I 'm not sure what you mean by " swarm . "
JJ_Jordan10 : What is the Oort Cloud ?
Bill : The Oort Cloud is a collection of comets that form a shell around the solar system about one light year out .
This is where the long - period comets originate .
john :
Of all comets and meteors , what percentage burn up in the atmosphere ?
Bill : Comets are too big to burn in the atmosphere .
Fortunately , they do n't hit us very often . :)
For meteors , over 99 % burn up in the atmosphere and only a few make it to the ground .
Those are pieces of asteroids .
krpm1 : Do you recommend any great amateur telescopes for viewing comets ?
The one I had as a kid just does n't cut it anymore .
Bill : I know the feeling !
My parents bought my telescope at a department store and it did n't cut it , either .
A good one costs several hundred dollars .
If you can't afford that , buy a pair of binoculars .
adastragrl : How well do the particles collected from Stardust match up to particles collected on the ground ?
Bill :
The particles from Stardust were very small , but they do match up with some of the stuff we 've found in meteorites .
aaiigght : Meteors strike the earth everyday ?
Bill :
Of course they strike the atmosphere , but most never make it to the ground .
meteora_lp :
If so many meteors hit the Earth for so many years , does that mean our planet is getting bigger ?
Bill : Great question , but no , wind , rain and erosion take care of all that .
Dell_Conagher :
Are there areas in the solar system that have more meteoroids than " normal " ?
Bill : Getting close to comets , since comets produce them , would reveal more meteoroids than are in free space .
reportingsjr :
Has anyone ever observed meteors or comets outside of our solar system ?
( around a different star ) ?
Bill : No , not so far .
sara : Random question :
How does astronaut food taste ?
Bill : I 've been told it 's MUCH better now than the food in the Apollo program . :)
estamosenelfuturo :
What 's the biggest surprise you 've had with meteors and comets ?
Bill :
The biggest surprise was in 1975 when Comet West showed up .
That was an unexpected bright comet that was very easy to see for several weeks .
john : I am in Mammoth shooting astrophotography , what objects should I try to shoot ?
What will be the most interesting or recognizable ?
Bill : Hi John .
If you have a telephoto lens , the Andromeda Galaxy is good to start with .
If you have a telescope , I 'd start with Jupiter or the moon .
adastragrl :
Any advice on setting up all - sky cameras for observing meteors and meteor showers ?
Bill : I 'd suggest Googling " all - sky cameras . "
There are a lot of great sites out there that will tell you how to do that .
Google is my friend . :)
sara :
How does a meteor or comet form ?
Bill : Meteors come from comets , bits of ice and dust left as comet moves through space .
A comet forms when ice particles stick together into a big dirty snowball that moves through the solar system .
Sumedha : Do comets have an electromagnetic field ?
how does it get affected by the sun ?
Bill : No , no electromagnetic field .
The sun heats comets and sublimates , or melts the ice , which forms the tail of the comet .
meteora_lp : When will the Perseids Meteor Shower peak ?
Bill :
The night of Aug. 12 - 13 , but you can see Perseids around that time .
In fact , we 're already starting to see some Perseids now .
justmk10 : What are meteorites generally made of ?
Bill : Materials like olivine , carbon , things like that .
Some are made of iron .
No meteorites made of gold , unfortunately . :)
Sumedha :
By what percentage does a meteor get burnt while entering the earth 's atmosphere before crashing to the ground ?
Bill : Most meteors totally burn up .
Iron meteorites survive basically intact .
Stony meteorites lose about 99 % of their original mass .
It really depends on the meteorite .
sara :
Thank you for answering our questions .
The kids enjoyed " speaking " with you :)
Bill :
They 're more than welcome .
I enjoyed their questions !
john :
Will the meteor shower tonight be visible from Northern California ?
Bill : Yes .
Outside between midnight and dawn , clear skies away from city lights .
But it will be only about 10 - 15 meteors per hour .
ysoner : Can we talk about a mortality rate due to meteorites ?
Bill :
There have been no confirmed records of people being killed by meteorites , though a lady in Alabama was hit inside her house when one went through her roof .
An SUV in Canada had its windshield broken last October .
One crashed through a doctor 's roof in Virginia recently .
A dog in India in 1909 was killed by a Mars meteorite - that 's the only record I have of a meteorite fatality .
dina1372 : How much do you use math in your job ?
What subject do you use most ?
Bill : I use math every day , every hour .
A lot of my astronomy knowledge involves a great deal of physics .
So I use math , physics and astronomy every day at work .
Sumedha : Can comets passing close to the earth or meteors entering our atmosphere interfere with the functioning of our satellites ?
if so how ?
Bill : Comets do n't interfere .
Small meteoroids , because there are lots of them , can sometimes hit a satellite and cause damage .
But that does n't happen often , maybe once every five years or so .
Sumedha :
What theory makes us believe that the particles produced fron the collision of a meteor with earth orbited earth and conglomerated to create the moon ?
Bill :
The most recent version of that theory was developed by Robin Canup at Southwestern Research Institute in Boulder .
There 's a lot of evidence that supports this theory , and it's now accepted by practically all astronomers .
pqpqpq : Scientists often site a high iridium conent as evidence of an asteroid impact .
Is there a known reason that iridium is so much more abundant in the asteroid belt than here on earth ?
Bill :
Since most meteorites are rich in iridium and come from asteroids , that 's the evidence for increased iridium content in the asteroid belt .
JJ_Jordan10 : Where is the biggest impact crator still visible to people ?
Bill :
The one most easily visible on the ground would be Barringer Crater in Arizona , also called " Meteor Crater . "
curious_george : Will those of us in the Southeastern U.S. have a good view of the Southern Delta Aquariids this weekend ?
Bill :
Yes , if the sky is clear and you 're away from city lights with clear skies .
Look after midnight and before dawn .
EuropaOrDie2020 : Where do you stand on Comet / Asteroid deflection scenarios ?
Are we anywhere close to having the tech required ?
Bill : I 'm a meteor person - I deal with small rocks .
For the big rocks and how to stop them , you might check in at JPL : http://neo.jpl.nasa.gov/.
ysoner :
So you say a comet slows down as it gets away from the sun .
Can you briefly explain the reason ?
What about gravity , should n't it pull the comet as it is closer to the sun thus slowing it down ?
Bill :
If you look at Keplers Laws , the closer an object is to the sun , the faster it moves .
When it moves away from the sun , it loses kinetic energy , which means it slows down .
Wikipedia : Kepler 's laws of planetary motion
meteora_lp :
So the older the comet is the more elliptical its orbit would be ?
If i'm right then , considering the fact that the orbit of Mars is more elliptical than the one of our planet , does that mean Mars is older that Earth ?
Bill :
No , the ellipticity of a comet 's orbit is n't necessarily an indicator of age .
Most of the time comets travel in very elliptical orbits , but a close passage by a planet can put it into a more circular orbit .
It just depends on the circumstances .
r2d2 : It seems like there have been a lot of bright meteors in the news lately .
What 's the reason we 've seen so many big meteors recently ?
Bill :
We always see more bright meteors in the springtime .
There appears to be an annual variation , but as summer progresses we should see fewer bright meteors - except for the Perseids - until we get into spring next year .
adastragrl :
Have you ever recovered any meteorites after observing a fireball on your cameras ?
Bill : Not yet . :)
Sumedha : How do we know the origin of a meteroite ?
how can we say that they are from solar system or outside ?
is it dependent on the physical properties ?
how can we stop an approaching asteroid ?
Bill :
Yes , meteorites have elemental abundances that are consistent with being formed around the sun .
On stopping the asteroids , JPL is a good place to look at : http://neo.jpl.nasa.gov/.
Or you can contact Bruce Willis . :)
ysoner :
Which one is harder ?
Answering questions here or during an oral PhD qualifying exam ? :)
Bill : I 'll take answering questions here over the oral exams .
The audience is friendlier . :)
rahulr96 : What is the most likely meteorite or comet that in the future may collide with the earth ?
Bill :
We know of no comets or asteroids that are projected to impact the Earth within the next few hundred years .
meteora_lp : Have you heard of " Kokino " , a megalithic observatory in acedonia ?
Is that a good place to watch meteors ?
Bill :
The setting is appropriate if it has a dark sky .
Sounds like a cool place to visit !
r2d2 : Can any meteor / meteoroid studies be done with rockets ?
Bill : Hard to think of one .
We used to put meteoroid detectors on sounding rockets , but they did n't detect much .
john :
Does that mean that wind , rain and erosion remove the meteroites from the Earth by pushing these things back into space ?
Bill :
No , it just means it grinds it down .
The amount of material delivered to Earth by meteors is insignificant compared to the mass of the Earth .
estamosenelfuturo :
Can u describe ur career , like how did u end up studying meteors ?
How did meteors and comets attract you ?
Bill : I started studying astronomy at the university , then went to graduate school .
I kind of fell into meteors by accident when I worked on several spacecraft experiments .
Because not many people do meteors , there 's not much competition , and I like that . :)
rahulr96 : Does the dust that surrounds extrasolar stars have any connection to meteorites and comets in that solar system ?
Bill : No , no connection .
ysoner :
So most of the meteors burnout in the atmosphere .
Which layer ?
Do they reach the troposphere ?
Bill : Depends on the composition of the meteor .
Leonids burn up at about 65 miles altitude , whereas some asteroid material can get as low as 20 - 25 miles altitude .
dina1372 : How come comets do n't melt as they orbit the sun for too long ?
Bill :
Well , they sublimate , which means ice goes to gas .
A comet loses several yards deep of its surface with every passage around the sun .
So eventually , comets do lose all of their ice .
flunkyou2 : I have read somewere on the web that there 's a comet that will get that close to earth around the year 2078 and could hit us !
Is this true ?
Bill : Not as far as I know .
Bill : Asteroids come close to the Earth all the time - but thank goodness we 're a small target .
Jupiter has been hit twice in the past three years !
john : Thanks Bill , I have a 2,400 mm telephoto lens , but no equatorial mounth , I 'll take a shot at Andromeda and Jupiter :D
Bill : Cool - good luck on getting some great images , John .
krpm1 : What made you want to become an astronomer ?
Bill : I was always torn between becoming and Egyptologist and an astronomer .
I chose astronomy because experience with my father taught me that I did n't like digging ditches !
pqpqpq :
What do you think is the biggest open question regarding comets that can be resolved by an upcoming mission to visit one ?
Bill :
What they 're made of !
But one thing we 've discovered on missions to comets so far is that every comets appears to be unique .
So , it 's likely that the most significant discovery will be a surprise .
Dell_Conagher (Q)
Does a comet or it 's coma have a magnetosphere ?
Bill : No , no magnetosphere .
riverpaul23 : What would the first thing you would want to look at in spotting a comet or a meteor ?
and what would be the best time for observing
Bill :
The first thing I look at in meteors is how low they got so I can decide if one had a chance to make it to the ground .
I look at comets in a telescope , and I look for sudden brightening , which tells me the comet may be breaking apart .
Sumedha :
What is driving the comets to move ?
sun 's gravity ?
just like in case on the planets ?
what determines their speeds ?
Bill : Yes , the sun 's gravity .
The speed is determined by how close they are to the sun .
Jose_Antonio : Hill Bill , Greetings from Valencia in Spain , witch is the largest Khnow meteor that is moving closer to our planet Earth ?
Bill :
We do n't detect meteors in space .
The largest asteroid that will make a close encounter is Apophis in 2029 , named after the Egyptian god of chaos ( because it drives astronomers crazy ! )
michael : How much are meteotites radioactive ?
Bill :
They are n't - you 're thinking about Kryptonite . :)
But they are often magnetic .
brauns : Hi Bill !
Can we see the meteor shower tonight in South America ( brazil ) ?
Bill :
Yes , after midnight and before dawn , clear skies , away from city lights .
adastragrl : Any favorite smallbody space missions ?
Bill : Res , I like Mir-Shoemaker because it landed on Eros , and New Horizons currently booking its way to Pluto .
Dell_Conagher : Are the Southern Delta Aquariids capable of producing fireballs or bolides ?
Bill :
It 's not noted for them , but any meteor shower can have at least one or two bright meteors .
estamosenelfuturo :
Are there comets and meteorits in orbits perpendicular or at angle to the elliptical plane of our solar system ?
Are they from different origins than the in - plane ones ?
Bill : Long - period comets can have any inclination relative to the elliptic , and even some short - period comets can have some distribution .
The long - period comets are more pristine material , since they come from the Oort Cloud .
Short - period comets have had their surfaces " processed " on many trips around the sun .
finalizer :
Why are most meteor shows or comets usual are viewable very late mornings ?
And I live in the the North East ( NY ) are there upcoming viewable metor showers int his area ?
Bill : Because that 's just the luck of the draw .
Some showers are best in the early evening , but those are rare .
The Draconids in October are an example of that , depending on where you are on Earth .
For now , the Southern Delta Aquariids are happening in the next few nights .
ysoner : Apparently not here but , do you get many questions about so called " Marduk " ?
Why do you think this has been a major interest ?
has there been any physical sign regarding this issue ?
Bill :
The only Marduk I know of is the ancient Babylonian god .
Not sure of your question .
rahulr96 : Do comets have an atmosphere ?
Bill : Not in the sense that Earth has one .
They do have a slight coma surrounding them , which is made of gas .
but that only shows up when they approach the sun .
finalizer :
Any viewable meteor showers in the North East ( NY ) upcoming ?
Bill : Sure !
The Southern Delta Aquariids are happening in the next few nights .
The Perseids in middle August .
Dell_Conagher : Much obliged to you for answering all of our questions !
' Preciate it ! =)
Bill :
Thank you all for coming , and I was delighted to answer your questions !
michael : Thank you :-)
Bill :
And thank you !
estamosenelfuturo :
Thank you !!
Bill : Very welcome !
( Moderator Jason ) : A big thanks to Bill for answering your questions today and thanks to everyone for joining us to ask your questions .
A transcript will be posted within the next few business days .
View Transcript
Transcript
Woman says , " I like it when a man cooks for me . "
Dilbert says , " I love it when a woman knows the difference between affection and free catering . "
Dilbert says , " We wanted different things . "
Image caption Hurricane Alex flooded large swathes of northern Mexico .
Rescuers looking for flood survivors in northern Mexico have found two girls clinging to the branches of a tree .
The children who are nine and 10 years old were forced to seek refuge there during flooding .
They told rescue workers they had spent almost four days there without food and water .
Police in the northeastern state of Tamaulipas said their parents had drowned .
A group of fishermen who had set up their camp on the banks of a river first spotted the two youngsters and alerted the authorities .
Lizbeth Dalin and her youngster sister , Lesli Dalimel Gaona Trevino , were taken to hospital where they are being treated for insect bites and de-hydration .
Family car washed away
Doctors said the pair were still traumatised by their ordeal but were in a stable condition .
The girls told rescue officials they had last seen their parents on Monday .
Their father apparently attempted to drive the family car over a bridge across the Pilon River but veered off the road into the flooded river .
The vehicle with their parents and two siblings on board was washed away .
So far the authorities have recovered several bodies from the flooded river but have not accounted for one person .
Hurricane plays havoc
" We still have n't found their 15 - year - old sister .
We 'll shortly resume the search for her , " said Marisela Cantu , a police spokeswoman .
" We hope we 'll also find her alive and well . "
Hurricane Alex has caused havoc in Tamaulipas state and the northern region close to the border with the United States .
Torrential rains and heavy floods have killed at least four people in the past two weeks including the latest reported deaths .
Thousands have been left homeless by the tropical storm as it swept across northern Mexico .
If you do n't have time to read , let me sum up the death of the video game industry in one animated GIF :
Dance Central , for the new Xbox Kinect system
This week is maybe the biggest of the year in the world of entertainment .
This is when all of the games you 'll be playing for the next 12 months are unveiled at the Electronic Entertainment Expo .
This year 's event , however , will more likely be remembered as the precise moment video gaming as we know it died a tragic and embarrassing death .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
If you have n't been keeping up with the conference , let me summarize by saying Microsoft -- and I 'm not making this up -- had Cirque du Soleil unveil a $ 150 kitten petting simulator via interpretive dance .
The Cirque du Soleil performers rode in on animatronic elephants :
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
See those people wearing white in the background ?
Yeah , they also had the audience dress in white cult robes .
Here 's the kitten petting simulator in action :
All of that actually happened .
Does this all sound like an industry 's desperate , final plea for attention ?
Because I 'm pretty sure it was .
Let me back up a little bit .
The games industry has had a massive problem from day one , one that nobody is quite sure how to fix .
This problem is the reason thousands of arcades had to close down after the 80s , and it's why Atari , Sega , NEC and countless other electronics giants had to bail out of the console business after losing millions .
It 's the reason why even Microsoft has lost billions on its gaming division .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The problem is that video game players simply wo n't keep playing without a new gimmick every five years or so .
Where people have been happy watching celluloid movies for like 80 straight years , for whatever reason gamers wo n't keep playing games unless given a completely new format every half decade .
You may have noticed I have n’t had a lot of time to make new comics recently .
And the truth is , I may not have time to make a lot of new comics for a while in the future .
I hope you ’ll understand !
Here ’s something you may remember , but it ’s ten times more exciting now : BATTLE READY !
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
The Fifa president , Sepp Blatter , today said he had apologised to the Football Association over Frank Lampard 's disallowed goal and revealed the governing body would look again at goal - line technology .
Lampard 's effort during England 's 4 - 1 defeat to Germany was ruled out even though the ball clearly crossed the line .
Blatter told a media briefing in Johannesburg today : " It is obvious that after the experience so far in this World Cup it would be a nonsense to not reopen the file of technology at the business meeting of the International FA Board in July .
" Personally I deplore it when you see evident referee mistakes but it's not the end of a competition or the end of football , this can happen .
" The only thing I can do is yesterday I have spoken to the two federations [ England and Mexico ] directly concerned by referees 's mistakes .
I have expressed to them apologies and I understand they are not happy and that people are criticising .
" We will naturally take on board the discussion on technology and have first opportunity in July at the business meeting . "
Sunday night 's match between Argentina and Mexico had also thrown up a controversial incident , with Carlos Tevez scoring the opening goal from an offside position .
Fifa had blocked any further experiments with technology at a meeting of the International FA Board , the game 's rule - making body , in March .
Blatter added that Fifa would launch a new drive to improve refereeing standards at the top level later this year .
" We will come out with a new model in November on how to improve high level referees , " he added .
" We will start with a new concept of how to improve match control .
I cannot disclose more of what we are doing but something has to be changed . "
I ’m Epistemic Faith Crisis , the eponymous author of this blog .
I ’m a Christian , but I am having some issues with Christianity .
My core problem is simple : in every ordinary aspect of my life , I prefer evidence to faith .
When I write here , for instance , I do n’t just have faith that my spelling is correct , but I run a spellchecker and proofread my text .
By day , I ’m a programmer .
When my manager asks me if my code works , I do n’t tell him that I have faith in it ; I tell him that I ran tests on it and it passed all the tests .
Is n’t God supposed to be infinitely more important than any of the mundane things I do in my everyday life ?
If so , why does he require that I lower my epistemic standards to believe in him ?
Why should my whole life operate according to evidence , not faith , except that one little slice that believes in God ?
What sense does it make for something so important to rest on such an apparently flimsy defense ?
What I need is either a good reason to accept God ’s existence and Christianity ’s description of him on faith , or I need stronger evidence for these things .
I ’m looking for help in either of these tasks .
“ We oppose the legalization of sodomy .
We demand that Congress exercise its authority granted by the U.S. constitution to withhold jurisdiction from the federal courts from cases involving sodomy .
We support legislation that would make it a felony to issue a marriage license to a same - sex couple and for any civil official to perform a marriage ceremony for such .
We believe that the practice of homosexuality tears at the fabric of society , contributes to the breakdown of the family unit , and leads to the spread of dangerous , communicable diseases . ”
• Banning the use of red light cameras .
• Making American English the official language of Texas and the United States .
• Passing legislation requiring a sonogram for each pregnant woman seeking an abortion .
• Opposing legislation allowing stem cell research involving the creation of killing of human embryos for medical research .
• Calling for the immediate transition to a system of private pensions and gradually phasing out the Social Security tax .
• Calling for the repeal of the state lottery and opposing any further legalization of any type of gambling .
• Urging Congress to “ repeal and reject the national healthcare takeover , also known as ‘ ObamaCare . ' ”
• Calling for the repeal of the No Child Left Behind law and the U.S. Department of Education .
• Removing the tenure system for Texas state colleges and universities .
• Opposing all bailouts of businesses .
• Recommending a national sales tax to replace all other federal taxes .
• Urging Congress to evict the United Nations from the United States to rescind U.S. membership .
READER COMMENTS ON
" Activist U.S. Supreme Court Demolishes AZ's ' Clean Elections ' Law , States Rights "
( 13 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... lottakatz said on 6/10/2010 @ 2:23 pm PT ...
How convenient that there is no rationale published for this decision .
It is stunning that the Supreme 's can just overturn a State Statute regarding the disbursement of State funds that on it's face , seems to mirror a federal Statute .
You know you have a renegade , radical right - wing Court when States Rights , the Holy Grail of traditional conservatives , is so brusquely swept aside .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Mark E. Smith said on 6/10/2010 @ 4:16 pm PT ...
Maddow got it partly right .
It was n't the Founding Fathers who intended that we be an oligarchy though .
They wrote the Declaration of Independence which clearly intended a democratic form of government which they said was not only our right , but our duty .
It was the Framers of the Constitution who betrayed the Founders by writing a Constitution that gave us neither a democracy nor a republic , but a plutocracy -- rule by a wealthy few like the ones who secretly wrote the Constitution and who feared " too much democracy . "
The Framers wanted those who owned the country to rule it and they wrote the Constitution accordingly .
That 's why the Constitution does not guarantee us the right to have our vote counted , that 's why the Constitution allows the Electoral College , Congress , and the Supreme Court to nullify or simply ignore the popular vote , and that 's why it does n't matter what or why the Supreme Court rules , because no matter how unconstitutional , unprecedented , illogical , baseless , or even ridiculous their rulings , just like the edicts of tyrants or kings with Divine Right , the rulings of the Supreme Court can not be appealed .
Oh , Congress can try to legislate around them , but the Supreme Court can strike down such legislation on any pretext or with no pretext whatsoever .
When you have supreme power that cannot be appealed , you can do whatever you want .
And the Constitution also ensured that those with that supreme power would be appointed by the oligarchy , not elected by the people .
How many years now have I been repeating this over and over , how many websites have banned me for speaking the simple truth , and when will anyone other than a few genuine geniuses begin to understand what I 'm saying ?
It is n't rocket science .
Our votes do n't count , not because of the voting machines , the election officials , or anything else like that -- our votes do n't count because our Constitution made sure that our votes did n't have to count .
It is n't a question of left or right , Democrat , Republican , or third party .
It is a question of having or not having a democratic form of government .
This divide and rule stuff and blame others who were n't there and did n't write the Constitution , is getting old and tired , as I am .
The problem is that any rights not specifically granted us by the Constitution , which the Constitution says should be ours unless officially taken away from us , are interpreted by the Supreme Court as not being ours because we were n't specifically granted them .
What the Supreme Court was granted by the Constitution was the power to make decisions that could not be appealed , so they are truly and actually supreme .
The dictionary definition of a democratic form of government is one in which supreme power is vested in the hands of the people , and they can exercise their power either directly as in a participatory democracy , or through their elected representatives as in a republic .
We have neither a democracy nor a republic .
Our Constitution vested supreme power in a Supreme Court .
That 's why they called it a Supreme Court , because it , not the people , has supreme power .
Thanks for not banning me , Brad , but I still feel like I 'm talking to a wall .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... zapkitty said on 6/10/2010 @ 5:07 pm PT ...
Off - topic , but always relevant ...
Spakovsky has Spoken !
http://www.dailykos.com/...artment-on-Voting-Rights
... be sure to dial your bibs to anti-drool setting # 11 ...
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 6/11/2010 @ 3:57 am PT ...
# 2 , I thought it was the founding fathers that wrote the constitution and it was the people of the commonwealth of Massachusetts that presented the bill o rights .
Or something like that ...
Submission of a Bill of Rights as amendment to the constitution , though it ran directly counter to the original Cincinnati plan , thus became a necessity to preserve the power of the new regime , forced on the new regime by the opposition , and particularly by the same elements that had conducted the Shays Rebellion .
Out of the mass of proposed amendments the Congressional committee picked twelve mainly following the original Massachusetts reservations .
http://www.sidis.net/TSChap28bw.htm
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Disillusioned said on 6/11/2010 @ 12:21 pm PT ...
IMO if it was n't signed , if I were the AZ governor I 'd flip the SCOTUS the bird and keep funding the candidates according to AZ law .
I 'd consider it a forgery until an original copy comes signed and notarized .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 6/11/2010 @ 10:15 pm PT ...
I had high hopes for " clean elections " in Arizona and elsewhere , but this is what happens when you have bad voting machines and packed Supreme Courts .
Fuck !
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 6/12/2010 @ 9:34 am PT ...
Dear Mark :
You are talking to a wall .
signed ,
Another brick in the wall .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... runruff said on 6/13/2010 @ 7:38 am PT ...
Dear Mark ,
You have said exactly what I would say if I could put it as succinctly and eloquently as you have .
I constantly rave about the Supreme Court Jesters who serve their corporate masters and smirk down upon us from their high perch .
I fear that I may turn some people off with my anger and frustration .
I see what you see , an uninformed and thoroughly [ distracted ] public .
The Supreme 's are an enemy to the American people [ friends of the Bush crime family ] and the sooner we get real about this the sooner we can take back control of our lives and our country .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... chabuka said on 6/14/2010 @ 9:50 am PT ...
What kills me about the " Supreme Court " and their decisions .... every one knows the " five " are corporate activists , crooked as hell and bought and paid for by Corporate money and GOP far right wing ideology ... and no one does a fucking thing ... except complain and whine about it
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... colinjames said on 6/14/2010 @ 2:18 pm PT ...
# 2- Interesting , but , not having heard your theory of intentional , malicious design inherent in the Constitution before just now - and though it appears logically valid , at the very least , and is a whole lotta food for thought on top of it - my gut reaction is that it only seems that way because of the corporate stooges on the Court , appointed by corporate stooge presidents , who were " elected " thanks to corporate money , corporate manipulation of the E- vote , E - count , and E - zily manipulated , so - called conservative voters .
I do n't pretend to be an expert on this matter , and I 'm thinking that the SC has done some good things over time , and it all depends on who 's sitting on that Supreme bench , ruling on things that could n't be foreseen over 200 years ago ... so , maybe you ( or someone else ? ) could point out some material that supports your argument ?
Would very much appreciate it .
Thanks .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... MarkH said on 6/15/2010 @ 10:34 am PT ...
There are obviously some Republican candidates who will be hurt by this , but are n't there some Democrats here and there who will also be hurt ?
What about states where Dems are running against Rich opponents ( ex. Meek v billionaire in Florida , Brown v Whitman in California ) ?
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... colinjames said on 6/17/2010 @ 11:10 am PT ...
# 11 - Oh man , intrigued by your question I spent like 45 minutes researching and responding to your question only to have my response lost to the ether - net ... the short answer is , voting laws vary wildy from state to state , district to district , so first , you have to figure out which states are holding which elections , who the candidates are , what the laws are , and whether the SC " emergency order " ( GAG ) can , does , or will apply to those candidates , something I have n't read any speculation on .
This link has some good analysis of these issues , a bit dated but worth the time if you want more details - http://www.campaignfinan...g/structure/states1.html
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... colinjames said on 6/17/2010 @ 11:16 am PT ...
Image caption Salum Kombo was killed over a " petty dispute " , the court was told
A 16 - year - old boy has been detained for killing a former best friend after the pair traded insults on Facebook .
Salum Kombo , 18 , was stabbed in the chest in Bromley - by - Bow , east London , in December after calling his killer , then 15 , names including " pussy " .
The trial heard the boy , who was found guilty of murder at the Old Bailey in May , could not take the " loss of face " .
The teenager , who cannot be named , has been ordered to serve a minimum of 14 years .
' Act of cowardice '
Sentencing the boy at Southwark Crown Court , Judge Nicholas Loraine - Smith said : " There was nothing brave about what you did .
" This was quite simply an act of cowardice , as so many stabbings are . "
David Jeremy , prosecuting , said a previous friendship between Mr Kombo and the defendant had turned to " hostility " and the pair had a fight last summer after a football match .
The court heard that on the night of the murder , the killer had been with friends outside a fish bar .
The trial heard how they tried to calm him down when he became angry and started talking about stabbing Mr Kombo .
That was the pathetic reason as to why this terrible event happened - because he wanted to show he was n't a pussy David Jeremy QC , prosecuting
When Mr Kombo turned up , he and his killer walked off , apparently to settle their differences .
However , the younger boy then pulled out a knife without warning and stabbed Mr Kombo in the upper chest .
The trial had heard the boy had tried to fight Mr Kombo before but had been restrained by friends and had his knife taken away from him .
However , Mr Kombo had later returned the knife , which later killed him , to the defendant .
After stabbing Mr Kombo , the defendant was seen " pounding " a wall and " howling at the perceived affront to his own dignity , being called a pussy " , the court was told .
" That was the pathetic reason as to why this terrible event happened - because he wanted to show he was n't a pussy , " said Mr Jeremy .
The boy later admitted the stabbing but claimed he had been acting in self - defence .
Graham Trembath QC , representing the defendant , said the two boys had been best friends and " like brothers " and believed he was acting in self - defence by striking a pre-emptive blow before a fight which he thought he was going to lose .
An Old Bailey jury rejected his explanation and convicted him of murder in May .
Gratuitous Space Battles is a Space Strategy Game developed by an UK indie developer named Positech Games .
It ’s a strategy and simulation game that does not contain all the traditional elements of a 4 x space strategy game but rather concentrates in ship design and space battles .
In Gratuitous Space Battles you assign your ships , arrange them into fleets , give them upfront orders of engagement and then site down and watch the result of your deployment strategy :
It ’s all about wondering if all the decisions have been done right and if you can come out victorious from battle .
Ship Design
Spaceship design is the heart of the game since the construction decisions you make can ultimately mean the difference between victory and defeat .
You begin by choosing a Hull for your ship , that can be a Fighter , Frigate or Cruiser , these are the three ship hull classes available in GSB .
Each hull contains a certain number of slots that can be of two types : standard modules ( squares ) or hardpoints ( exagons ) .
The hardpoints can be used to put weapon modules , the standard slots are used to insert the other type of modules .
Spaceship Design Modules
When designing your ships you can insert several types of modules .
These are : “ Weapons ” , “ Defenses ” , “ Engines ” and “ Other ” .
In Weapons you can insert several types of missile launchers , and a collection of energy beams ( lasers , plasma , proton beam , etc ) .
In Defenses you can insert several types of Armor and Shields .
In Engines you can choose from a variety of engines , but beware that the bigger and the faster they are the more crew and energy they will require .
Finally there are the Other modules .
These vary from a range of modules like crew modules , energy modules , tractor beam , auto - repair systems , etc .
The Races
In the original GSB there are 4 races the player can choose from : The Federation , the Rebels , the Alliance and the Empire .
Each race has its own art work which reflects into different hulls and different modules styles .
This variety alone is enough to provide a different game experience to the player .
( Races from left to right : Federation , Rebels , Alliance , Empire )
Spaceship Combat
Spaceship combat is the core ( and probably the single ) gameplay mechanic of GSB .
This is where everything happens .
The player can choose from a set of missions that will be unblocked as soon as the player finishes the previous mission .
There are three difficulty levels to choose from : Easy , Medium and Hard .
The harder the challenge the more enemies you have to fight for to win the battle .
In the Harder difficulty level you are n’t even allowed to know the size of your opponent .
Combat is not tactical but all about Strategy
Once you hit the “ Fight ! ” button the battle begins and all you can do is watch it unfold .
All your decisions have to be made upfront before everything begins in the fleet deployment panel .
Decisions to be made account the types of ships you will use , the formation of these ships , the specific orders you can set to each ship and the amount of ships you will ultimately use .
However the more ships you use the less honor points you receive .
Honor points can be used to unlock new modules , ships and races as I will explain next .
Among the different orders you can assign to your ships for instance you can instruct your fighters to escort your frigates and tell your frigates to protect your cruisers .
There are many orders you can issue : Rescuer , Protector , Formation , Vulture , Escorter just to name a few .
So that ’s why GSB is more about strategy than tactics since all decisions have to be made before the battle begins .
After you start the battle you cannot instruct your ships to attack A or B neither you can give orders to specific modules of the ship , albeit you can see what each module status is , what they are aiming to , recharge rate , damage , etc .
You can unlock Modules , Ships and Races
As said above the player can win honor points if he fights battles with lower odds and came victorious ( that is if he wins battles with less spaceships than the ones he was allowed to use ) .
The player can trade these honor points later in the game Fleet HQ .
The Fleet HQ is a panel screen where the player can trade his honor points to unlock new modules ( new weapons , more potent shields , stronger armour , etc ) , new ships and new races .
Three Expansion Packs : Tribe , Order and the Swarm
Since the original GSB came out three expansion packs have already been released .
These are called : The Tribe , The Order and The Swarm .
Each of this expansion packs brings a new race with corresponding fighter , frigate and cruiser hulls , new modules , ship bonuses and new scenarios to fight for .
( From left to right : the Tribe , the Order and the Swarm )
Aesthetics : Music , Sound and Graphics
The Music score of GSB is certainly a plus feature .
The battle sequences music transmit a dramatic feeling which helps the player to forget that he ’s just watching the battle and not really taking any action .
The sound is also good .
From the big cruiser beam weapons firing to the small fighters blasters .
Graphics are also good .
In conclusion aesthetically GSB sounds and looks nice which is very positive since if this would not be the case the game appeal would drop significantly since the battles do n’t require the player actions and the player must be kept entertained by other means .
Bottom Line
GSB ultimately is a fun game to play .
Since I begun reviewing the game I may have fought now 90 % of all the available scenarios straight on so you can get the feeling of how addictive the game really is .
Most of this addictive factor comes from the honor points and the desire to trade them for new toys and new races .
The introduction of the three new expansion packs have brought another degree of depth to the game since now there are more ships to fight with , new modules to unlock and new scenarios to fight .
Considering that the game has been developed by an Indie company and the fact that the gameplay is quite limited , since you cannot fight your battles but rather take only the decisions and design your ships , it is quite an achievement for Positech Games to have developed such an enjoyable game that will keep you entertained for many hours .
Haa .. and I almost forget , you can also play online by establishing challenges and then connecting your friends to them which is another good feature that indeed enhances replayability .
For more information on Gratuitous Space Battles check the official GSB site at positech games .
The Good :
– The honor point system is addictive
– The music score is very good and sets the right atmosphere
– Good amount of strategic decisions that can be made
– Spaceship design screen is intuitive and provides many options The Bad :
– The player cannot control ships during battle neither individual modules
– Gameplay is limited to fleet deployment and ships design
Subscribe RSS
Related Articles :
Post category : Game Reviews
MISSION VIEJO – Kids playing at a school playground discovered 15 nails at the bottom of a slide Wednesday morning , apparently placed there with the express intent to hurt someone , authorities said .
The 1 - inch nails were found in a playground on the grounds of Glen Yermo Elementary , a school located at 26400 Trabuco Road , said Jim Amormino , spokesman for the Orange County Sheriff ’s Department .
“ This is a serious crime , ” Amormino said .
“ We ’re going to find out who did this . ”
The roofing nails were found by children at the bottom of a slide , but none of them were injured , Amormino said .
By 1:30 p.m. , forensic investigators arrived at the school to investigate the area where the nails were found .
Investigators with the sheriff ’s department are investigating the incident , and they believe the nails were placed there intentionally .
The nails were found just after 10 a.m. with the points facing upward , hidden inside the sand of the playground , giving officials the indication they were not accidentally dropped in the area .
Investigators are searching the playground for other objects , he said .
Authorities have also used metal detectors to comb the area .
Lt. Mike Gavin , chief of police services for Mission Viejo , said authorities were looking into all possible leads in the case , including a nearby condo complex where workers were reroofing the buildings .
“ There are boxes with similar - type nails ( at the condominium complex ) , but we ’re looking into every possibility , ” Gavin said .
Meanwhile , parents said they were shaken by the discovery , but hopeful it was an isolated case .
“ ( The incident ) is a little scary , ” said Shannon Medina , who has two children who attend the school .
She said she was concerned , but not so much that she wo n’t send her kids back to school on Thursday .
Emory Bestenleher , who has a child at the school , said he hoped the incident was nothing more than a bad prank by teenagers .
“ Thankfully , no one was hurt , ” Bestenleher said , though he admitted he was slightly concerned .
“ I ’m glad the local law enforcement is on it . ”
The incident is reminiscent of several incidents in 2002 , when razor blades and shards of glass were found in eight parks in the South County area between April and June .
A Mission Viejo woman , Lori Fischer , was convicted of those incidents and sentenced to probation .
In 2004 , Fischer was arrested again after she called authorities , stating she was afraid she might hurt someone again .
Deputies found nails and a knife inside her car .
She was sent to state prison to complete her sentence .
Glen Yermo Elementary has about 600 students enrolled at the campus in Kindergarten through sixth grade .
Access to the campus is blocked off to vehicles after hours , but it is still accessible to pedestrians .
On Wednesday afternoon , investigators cordoned off a large portion of the school ’s playground , including a large playground that has five slides .
Tetherball , handball , and swing areas were also marked off by yellow tape .
A janitor could be seen combing through a sandbox looking for objects .
Contact the writer : shernandez@ocregister.com or 949-454-7361
An image taken from video released by BP shows the equipment being used to cap the oil well in the Gulf of Mexico .
( ( BP LLC / Associated Press ) )
BP has placed a funnel - like cap on the well spewing hundreds of thousands of litres of oil daily into the Gulf of Mexico but it 's still too early to determine whether it will slow the flow .
" The placement of the containment cap is another positive development in BP 's most recent attempt to contain the leak , " U.S. Coast Guard Admiral Thad Allen said in the statement released to CNN .
" However , it will be some time before we can confirm that this method will work and to what extent it will mitigate the release of oil into the environment .
" Even if successful , this is only a temporary and partial fix and we must continue our aggressive response , operations at the source , on the surface and along the Gulf 's precious coastline . "
The cap , known as a " top hat , " resembles an inverted funnel with a rubber seal .
The seal is supposed to keep oil from escaping , though engineers acknowledge some crude will still be released .
Earlier , BP engineers successfully cut through the leaking pipe spilling oil into the Gulf .
The cut was made by underwater robots using giant shears , a method BP turned to after efforts to make the cut with a robot - controlled diamond - wire saw failed Wednesday when it became snagged .
In a Thursday afternoon briefing , Tony Hayward , the CEO of BP , called the successful cut an " important milestone , " adding that the company should know within 12 to 24 hours if the operation works .
He said the operation has not been attempted before and carries some risk .
Even if it works , BP engineers expect oil to continue leaking into the ocean .
They 've used close to 3.79 million litres of subsea dispersant to break it up at the leak 's source .
Oil washing ashore
The oil is not moving in a single mass but is more like " a collection of spills , " Allen said .
By Thursday , the upper edge of one spill was approaching the southern areas of Mississippi , Alabama and Florida .
A CBC crew discovered this oil - coated water bottle on Pensacola Beach , Fla. , on Thursday morning while interviewing surfers .
( ( Paul Hunter / CBC ) )
On Dauphin Island , a barrier island at Alabama 's southern tip , teams of workers walked the beach Wednesday , stooping often to scoop up tiny blobs of oil that had washed ashore .
A day earlier , " the oil was coming in in roughly hand - sized chunks … just kind of flopping around the water like a bunch of drunken pancakes , " said Graham Macdonald , leading a cleanup assessment along the shoreline .
Oil was also drifting perilously close to the Florida Panhandle 's popular sugar - white beaches , where crews on the mainland were doing everything possible to limit the catastrophe .
As the edge of the slick drifted within 11 kilometres of Pensacola 's beaches , emergency workers rushed to link the last in a kilometres - long chain of booms designed to fend off the oil .
Officials said the slick consisted in part of " tar mats " about 152 by 610 metres in size .
Forecasters said the oil would probably wash up by Friday , threatening a delicate network of islands , bays and white - sand beaches that are a haven for wildlife and a major tourist destination dubbed the Redneck Riviera .
" We are doing what we can do , but we cannot change what has happened , " said John Dosh , emergency director for Escambia County , which includes Pensacola .
Oil has washed up on the shores of Louisiana , 80 kilometres from where a BP - leased drilling rig , the Deepwater Horizon , exploded on April 20 and sank , causing the spill .
Some 200 kilometres of coastline have been affected there .
Allen directed BP to pay for five additional sand - barrier projects in Louisiana , the state most affected so far by the spill .
BP said Thursday the project will cost it about $ 375 million , on top of about $ 1 billion it had spent on response and cleanup as of its latest expense update Tuesday .
White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said the U.S. government was sending BP a $ 69 million bill to cover costs .
Gibbs , who said the bill is the first to be sent to the company , added that he did not know how long BP would be given to pay .
U.S. President Barack Obama was scheduled to make his third visit to the Gulf region on Friday , a week after his last visit , to Port Fourchon , La .
Let ’s forget for a minute that Iran is developing a nuclear weapons program , that it has made an incitement to genocide , that it sponsors terror across the Middle East , and that it commits some of the worst human rights abuses imaginable .
Let ’s forget that Syria has just shipped scud missiles with a range of 435 miles to Hezbollah , an Islamist group in Lebanon known in Canada , the US and elsewhere as a terrorist organization .
Hezbollah Secretary General Hassan Nasrallah has in fact admitted that the group has an arsenal of 30,000 rockets and has the ability to strike anywhere in Israel .
Let ’s also forget about Islamic fundamentalism and acts of terror in Iraq , Yemen , and across the Middle East and North Africa .
Let ’s not even mention Al - Qaeda or the Taliban .
Now that we ’ve got all of those issues out of the way , let ’s talk about President Barack Obama ’s plan for what he views as the central issue in the region : the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
Mr. Obama has officially commanded Israel to do the following : extend the ten - month settlement freeze in the West Bank ( due to expire on September 27th ) , freeze all construction in East Jerusalem as well , release a bunch of Palestinian terrorists to please Fatah officials , and withdraw to the borders of 2000 before the outbreak of the second intifada .
This is apparently going to solve the conflict .
The first two of those requests will accomplish nothing , as the Palestinian Authority has already proved its intransigence on the issue .
Barack Obama has hardened the Palestinian negotiating position by ordering a full freeze on construction in the West Bank and East Jerusalem .
That means that PA President Mahmoud Abbas can demand nothing less .
The last two will result in an increase in terrorism that will endanger Israeli , American , and Canadian lives .
Any uncooperative withdrawal in an area where undemocratic Islamist forces are present results in an increase in terrorism .
Israeli withdrawals from Lebanon in 2000 and from the Gaza Strip in 2005 saw the rise of terrorist acts committed by Hezbollah and Hamas respectively , which in turn forced wars in 2006 and in 2008 - 09 .
So essentially , Barack Obama ’s plan for peace in the Middle East is to pressure Israel as much as possible into acquiescing to all Palestinian demands .
This wo n’t solve the Israeli - Palestinian conflict , it wo n’t solve the Arab - Israeli conflict , it wo n’t improve America ’s ties with the Arab world , and it wo n’t weaken radical Islamic groups in the region .
In fact , if anything , peace right now between Israel and any Arab entity will strengthen Islamism .
If any society controlled by Arab nationalists makes peace with Israel at the present time , the ruling powers will be accused of treason , will subsequently be overthrown , and Islamist entities will take over and nullify any peace deal , bringing us back to square one , the only difference being the new - found presence of more volatile regimes .
So basically , we ’re in it for the long run .
President Obama has made it clear that he has no interest in ever criticizing the Palestinian Authority , nor does he intend to address the issue of Hamas ’s growing influence over Palestinian politics and society .
The PA refuses to negotiate for fourteen months , renames streets after suicide - bombers , and teaches their children to hate Jews , yet Mr. Obama is more concerned with a few new apartments in Ramat Shlomo .
Islamic fundamentalism is a global problem , and it threatens both Muslims and non-Muslims alike .
It is a radical ideology that is gaining more and more support and that calls for a genocide against the Jews and world domination .
Mr. Obama , Islamic fundamentalism is the main obstacle to peace in the Middle East , not Israel .
The sooner you realize this , the sooner you ’ll notice that it is n’t only Israel ’s security that is at risk , but America ’s as well .
Zach Paikin is a student at McGill University .
The " Holiday Reader " of the Institute for Jewish Ideas and Ideals was prepared by Rabbis Marc and Hayyim Angel .
Part
One includes a collection of short essays by Rabbi Marc Angel relating to Rosh Hashana , Yom Kippur and Succoth .
Part Two includes articles by Rabbi Hayyim Angel on the Akeidah , the book of Jonah , and the book of Kohelet .
We invite you to print the " Holiday Reader " and enjoy it during the course of the holidays .
[ Not for close - minded or not familiar with Futurama ! :]
All Glory To Hypnotoad !
Rate five stars !
Grab your ultimate weapon and finally conquer the world with power of Mighty Hypnotoad !
Thanks for all funny comments you all make here !
Keep it comming , they rocks ! :)
NOTE : fix for blank background on some devices is comming .
Please do not report
Recent changes :
- [ NEW ] " Block keys " ( AKA Child Mode ) added .
Press DPAD CENTER ( requires hardware keyboard ) to cancel or HOME to quit .
HOME key can not be blocked though .
- [ FIX ] BACK no longer returns to startup Announcement or Help screen
- [ UPD ]
Increased startup speed , so Toads launches faster now
- [ UPD ]
Significantly reduced application size by 630KB ( 44 % less ! )
[ Not for close - minded or not familiar with Futurama ! :]
All Glory To Hypnotoad !
Rate five stars !
Grab your ultimate weapon and finally conquer the world with power of Mighty Hypnotoad !
Thanks for all funny comments you all make here !
Keep it comming , they rocks ! :)
NOTE : fix for blank background on some devices is comming .
Please do not report
Recent changes :
- [ NEW ] " Block keys " ( AKA Child Mode ) added .
Press DPAD CENTER ( requires hardware keyboard ) to cancel or HOME to quit .
HOME key can not be blocked though .
- [ FIX ] BACK no longer returns to startup Announcement or Help screen
- [ UPD ]
Increased startup speed , so Toads launches faster now
- [ UPD ]
Significantly reduced application size by 630KB ( 44 % less ! )
Show full description
Hide full description
Building a Simple Windows Phone App - Page 1
Normally , an introductory tutorial to anything involves the two sweetest words in the English language , hello world .
Given how guilty this site is of promoting such traditions , it seemed appropriate that an introductory tutorial to building a Windows Phone application follow in such a well - trodden path .
If you were expecting tradition , then you will be sorely disappointed .
The reason is simple .
Because of how nearly identical building applications for the Windows Phone is when compared to building Silverlight or WPF applications , please refer to the introductory tutorials that already exist .
Instead , I am going to assume you have basic familiarity with Blend and dive into creating a cool application that uses , as you will find out soon , behaviors and animations !
By the end of this tutorial , you will have created something similar to what is shown in the following video : [ the music totally makes this awesome ]
Just to make sure we are all on the same page , the video shows a rectangle being dragged around .
When the drag is released , the rectangle snaps back to its original position with a slight bounce .
Let 's create this !
Inspiration
This application is a variant of the MoveMe application that is used as part of Apple 's introductory tutorial on iPhone development .
Shawn Burke even created an excellent writeup showing how you can re-create MoveMe in Windows Phone using Expression Blend and some C# !
What this tutorial brings to the table is taking Shawn 's writeup one step further and explaining how you can create MoveMe without writing a single line of code .
What Needs to be Done
At a very high level , to create this application , you will need to perform the following tasks : Create a new Windows Phone application .
Draw a rectangle .
Apply a behavior to enable dragging .
Create an animation to snap the rectangle back to its original position .
Apply a behavior to actually play the animation when the drag is released .
While five high - level tasks seems like a lot , it 's actually going to be quite painless and fun .
Let 's get started .
Creating a Windows Phone Application
In order to create a Windows Phone aplication , you need to tell Expression Blend to put you inside a Windows Phone project :
Make sure you have everything downloaded and installed for working with Windows Phone applications .
The " Required for Windows Phone Development " section in the Getting Started page will help you out .
Launch Expression Blend , and go to File | New Project or click on the New Project link on the Welcome Screen : [ first , you will need to create a New Project ]
The New Project dialog will appear .
Select Windows
Phone from the Project types tree found on the left , and select Windows Phone Application from the panel on the right : [ more specifically , create a new Windows Phone Application ]
Feel free to give your project a unique name if you want , but otherwise , hit OK to create a Windows Phone Application project .
After a few seconds , your artboard will display an empty project with a Windows Phone device shell displayed : [ behold , it lives ! ]
Ok , now that you have created your new project , this seems like a good place to take short breather !
In the next page , we 'll draw a rectangle and make it draggable .
Onwards to the next page !
1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6
The Oil Spill Commission held its first hearing on the BP Oil Spill in the Gulf of Mexico Monday at the New Orleans Hilton .
During the public comment portion , local residents came forward to tell their own stories of loss and fear and frustration over the oil spill and the moratorium .
When words failed , music prevailed .
I do n't remember a time where I 've seen a hearing like this .
I hope another never needs to take place .
Whether the Commission hears or not , I did .
We all should .
But for all their passion and courage , they concerned me .
Many comments concerned their fear that a moratorium would destroy their business and their livelihoods .
Others expressed concern that New Orleans would die for certain under a moratorium .
Their testimony left me wondering how on earth drilling can be made safer without a moratorium .
It 's a no - win situation , unless there is a way to structure the ban in a way that fast - tracks safety measures or other procedures are put in place to keep these people from losing everything they 've worked so hard for .
These are the voices of the ones on the front line .
Six kids and a second chance slipping from the grasp of a mom .
A fisherman .
A musician .
And a life they 've known slipping away from them .
I do n't envy this Commission .
There are n't any easy answers .
On the one hand , these people see a moratorium as insult to injury .
On the other hand , not imposing a moratorium gives them at least a shred of a hope they 'll survive .
Lyrics to BP Blues
grew up on the southern shore
Louisiana now there ain't no more
kickin mud off up a crawfish hole
barefooted with a fishin pole
make a living with my own two hands
hell it 's part of being who I am
went to workin in the oil fields
that 's the only way to pay our bills
and if i'm lucky i can have a son
take him hunting like his daddy done
get him workin on a shrimpin boat
up and down the Gulf of Mexico
eleven dead out on a deep sea rig
doin what it is they had to live
oil bleeding from a gaping hole
up and down the Gulf of Mexico
Morgan City down to Mobile Bay
Pascagula down to Fla
still i'm stuck out here for 7 more
watching everything turn black offshore
and brother even if they cap the well
hell it 's just another oil spill
our way of life wo n't be around no more
and all I wanted was to go back home .
little brother he ain't feeling well ,
what you spraying on that oil spill
how may of us gonna lose our lives
before the people get to work on time
kickin mud up off of a crawfish hole
barefooted with a fishing pole
goin back into the oil fields
that 's the only way to pay our bills ...
( h/t NewOrleans.com )
Drew Landry 's website
Union leaders , fishermen and environmentalists in the Gulf region said last month they had little hope that BP would be able to stop the oil spill with its various “ top kill ” schemes , including the placement of domes and the latest “ junk shot ” operation .
Now they say there is almost no chance that BP can stop the gushing oil by August , when the company says it will complete the drilling of two relief wells .
Experts have already compared the relief well operation to trying to hit a target the size of a dinner plate with a drill two miles into the earth .
“ The probability of them hitting it on the very first shot is virtually nil , ” said David Rensink , president of the American Association of Petroleum Geologists , who spent more than 30 years in the oil industry in offshore drilling .
“ If they get it on the first three or four shots they ’d be very lucky . ”
For the relief well to succeed , the bore hole must precisely intersect the damaged well .
If it misses , BP will have to back off with its drill , seal the hole it just created and start over again .
The process could go on for quite a while .
It took two relief wells to stop the world ’s worst oil spill off the coast of Mexico in 1979 , but it took 10 months of trial and error before the operation was successful .
In that spill 140 million gallons of oil poured into the Gulf off the Yucatan peninsula .
In the current spill so far , according to government estimates , up to 43 million gallons of oil have poured into the Gulf in a little over a month .
The location of this spill makes its impact on the environment and the economy much more severe than the Mexican disaster .
Just to the south of the spill lies an essential spawning ground for the endangered Atlantic bluefin tuna and sperm whales .
To the east and west lie coral reefs and the coastal fisheries of Florida , Alabama , Mississippi and Texas .
To the north are Louisiana ’s coastal marshes .
More than 125 miles of Louisiana coastline already have been hit with oil .
“ The creatures that inhabit these waters are dying and we are also getting killed , ” said Jake Robin , a lifelong oyster fisherman in Ycloskey , La . “ A whole way of life is finished .
It ’s the end of a world we know , love and depend upon . ”
Another cause for concern is hurricane season which began today and is predicted to be very active .
Robert “ Tiger ” Hammond , president of the Greater New Orleans AFL - CIO , who has lived his entire life in the bayou , noted that if a hurricane arrives , drilling of the relief wells would have to be suspended , making the process take even longer .
“ Not to mention the oil that could be washed up all over this region because of the storm , ” he said .
Three of the worst storms ever to hit the Gulf region – Betsy in 1965 , Camille in 1969 and Katrina in 2005 – all tore directly through the area into which the oil is now gushing .
BP ’s inability to deal with the situation is causing President Obama to explore numerous options .
Earlier , the administration had to compel BP to drill two relief wells ; the company had only wanted to drill one .
There were reports last night and this morning that the president was meeting for the first time today with the co-chairmen of an independent commission investigating the spill .
A senior administration official told The Associated Press , on condition of anonymity , that the meeting was scheduled for the White House .
Attorney General Eric Holder visited the Gulf Coast today to meet with state attorneys general .
Senators have asked the Justice Department to determine whether any laws were broken by BP or anyone else in the spill .
Photo : Coast Guard Ensign Adam Mosley , a marine biology undergraduate , logs sample data from oiled water in the Gulf of Mexico , May 27 .
The samples and field data Mosley collects help environmental scientists determine the effectiveness of dispersants used to break down the oil .
U.S. Coast Guard photo by Petty Officer 2nd Class Luke Pinneo .
Image caption Restorers used new laser technology to uncover the images
Art restorers in Italy have discovered what are believed to be the oldest paintings of some of Jesus Christ 's apostles .
The faces of Apostles Andrew , John , Peter and Paul were uncovered using new laser technology in a catacomb in Rome .
The paintings date from the second half of the 4th Century or the early 5th Century , the restorers and Vatican officials believe .
The images may have influenced later depictions of Christ 's early followers .
' Very emotional '
" These are the first images that we know of the faces of these four apostles , " said Fabrizio Bisconti , head of archaeology for Rome 's numerous Vatican - owned catacombs .
It was very , very emotional to discover this Barbara Mazzei , Project leader
The frescoes in a tomb of a Roman noblewoman in the Santa Tecla catacomb were known about but their details came to light during a two - year restoration project funded by the Vatican .
The images were uncovered using new laser technology that allowed the restorers to burn off thick white calcium carbonate deposits caused by extreme humidity and lack of air .
" The laser created a sort of mini-explosion of steam when it interacted with the calcium carbonate to make it detach from the surface , " said Barbara Mazzei , who was in charge of the project .
" It was very , very emotional to discover this , " she added .
Andrew , Peter and John were among Jesus ' original 12 apostles .
Paul was an influential early Christian who travelled widely in the Mediterranean area in the 1st Century .
His letters to the early churches , found in the Bible 's New Testament , are arguably some of the most influential on Christian thinking .
We ’ve done quite a few of these posts now where famous movie houses have appeared in films have gone up for sale .
The first was the Ferris Bueller house on stilts where Cameron ( Alan Ruck ) lived and in the famous scene , where the Ferrari met it ’s demise ( in fact the car was also up for sale not that long ago too ) .
Then there was the Bladerunner house , and Laura palmer ’s house from Twin Peaks and today we have the house from The Amityville Horror shot in 1979 .
Thanks to HeyUGuys reader Becky for sending this one in .
The Daily Mail are reporting that the house used in the horror movie inspired by true life killings has gone on sale for £ 800 000 ( $ 1.15 million ) .
The only problem is , would you actually want to live there ?
In 1974 , the eldest son killed the other 6 members of the DeFeo family in this very house .
The following year , a man named Lutz bought the house for $ 80 000 thinking it was a bargain and that it would become their dream home .
In fact , quite the opposite occurred when after just 28 days , they fled the house house after various intense supernatural occurrences .
This then inspired the book and the movie , The Amityville Horror which was then remade in 2005 .
It took me a while to find but here ’s the estate agent selling the property if you want to put down an offer !
Here ’s the official blurb – sounds nice does n’t it !:
This is a single family home .
It is located at 108 Ocean Ave Amityville , New York .
The nearest schools are Park Avenue Elementary School , Berner Middle School and Amityville Memorial High School .
The Daily Mail have a shed load more information so head over to their site if you want to learn more .
Seems that a Twihard fangirl named Kayla Patterson sent fan mail to Universal regarding their take on The Wolfman asking how they could produce such a crappy imitation clearly ripped off from the pages of Twilight .
Even worse that they would be so ignorant as to write a plot line suggesting a silver bullet could kill a werewolf … and what ’s up with those halfbreed monster werewolves huh ?
Jacob Black was so much better .
Enjoy a selection of this “ fan mail ” as Get the Big Picture quotes :
To whom this may concern :
This movie was a complete waste and I feel that it offends ALL Twilight Fans around the world , that including myself .
For one , it was a COMPLETE remaking of the Wolf Pack from the Twilight Saga : New Moon .
It gives the werewolves a bad name and makes them look like some deformed mutation of a rabid dog .
I actually started to like werewolves after seeing Jacob Black and all his awesomeness on the big screen at the movies .
That was until I saw your crappy remake of what you call to be a “ were wolf ” .
I do n’t see how you live with yourself for making it the way you did .
If I made this movie , I would be ashamed to even admit that I owned it .
How can a werewolf be killed with a silver bullet ?
Better yet , have you saw the transformation of the man that is “ supposed ” to be the wolf ?
He sits in some chair and his entire body turns in to some mutated freak .
If you would watch the transformation of Jacob Black , ( Taylor Lautner ) he does n’t come close to looking as fake , cheap and or mutated as the wolf man .
You tell me , who looks to be the better werewolf .
Your stupid Wolf Movie did n’t even make the top Movie for the charts ; Valentines Day WITH TAYLOR Lautner !
Get that this is MY opinion and I felt I wanted to express it because I saw that your email was on your site .
I wanted to let you know this is what i thought of the wolf man that sucks .
Wow .
I love stupid Teenagers .
I do n’t defend the quality of Twilight , but I do n’t think it is as embarassingly bad as some want to think it is .
I do n’t insist you have to be a fan , but I still see some redeeming qualities even as I recognize how wont appeal to everyone .
It connects with a REAL version of an irrationally emotional teenage girl , and a fresh look at the traditional archetypes of mythical creatures .
But this is a prime example of the irrational ignorance that breeds Twilight such a rabid following .
Its downright comical reading the fan hatemail claiming that Twilight was the origin of Werewolf stories , and how The Wolfman was clearly ripping it off .
Kind of like how True Blood and Vamprie Diaries ripped off Twilight as well .
( They did ride the vampire fame , but they both predate Twilight )
I love the irony that Twilight often is criticized for “ getting vampires and werewolves wrong ” while this fan holds Twilight as the standard by which other werewolves will be judged .
THE TRIPLE FOOL .
by John Donne
I am two fools , I know ,
For loving , and for saying so
In whining poetry ;
But where 's that wise man , that would not be I ,
If she would not deny ?
Then as th' earth 's inward narrow crooked lanes
Do purge sea water 's fretful salt away ,
I thought , if I could draw my pains
Through rhyme's vexation , I should them allay .
Grief brought to numbers cannot be so fierce ,
For he tames it , that fetters it in verse .
But when I have done so ,
Some man , his art and voice to show ,
Doth set and sing my pain ;
And , by delighting many , frees again
Grief , which verse did restrain .
To love and grief tribute of verse belongs ,
But not of such as pleases when 'tis read .
Both are increasèd by such songs ,
For both their triumphs so are published ,
And I , which was two fools , do so grow three .
Who are a little wise , the best fools be .
Source :
Donne , John .
Poems of John Donne. vol I .
E. K. Chambers , ed .
London : Lawrence & Bullen , 1896 .
14 .
©2003 Anniina Jokinen
Woman in Blue reading a Letter , 1662 - 4. Jan Vermeer .
QR Code Link to This Post
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
- Must have a busy schedule .
This must be legit .
Holding down a 3.8 in the College of Engineering while working two jobs , running a business , publishing original research=busy .
Sleeping in until 2 in the afternoon , smoking with your friends , watching re-runs of “ It ’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia ” =not busy .
That way , we can always blame everything on “ timing . ”
( It ’s not you or me ) - Must play control games with me .
I will push and shove , and it is your job to nonverbally put me in my place by constantly “ taking control of the situation . ”
This is how you will establish your “ dominance . ”
This will not be easy ( but that ’s what makes it fun ) .
Other ways to “ stay in control : ” ask all the questions , do all of the interrogation .
If I ever become upset , accuse me of being “ emotional ” or “ unreasonable . ”
It 's always " inside my head . "
Also , see me when it is convenient for you .
Do n't always answer my calls .
Remain somewhat aloof .
You do n’t want to let me have the upper hand .
- Must be willing to banter back and forth with me .
I will get bored and lose interest otherwise .- Must be into exciting and potentially dangerous activities , like stealing road signs , driving like a maniac , and getting arrested by the police .
Actually , scratch that last one .
There is a difference between risky and reckless .
Then there is “ retarded . ”
( I ’m still undecided on where to place “ posting personal ads on Craigslist . ” )
In turn , will never call you too much ( although I wo n’t hesitate to call you out ) nor will I make you feel guilty about not “ spending enough time with me . ”
I wo n’t nag you about commitment ( or “ where this relationship is going ” ) because it will never be “ that ” serious .
We wo n’t talk about feelings because — well , I ’d rather not .
Only short - listed applicants will be contacted ( no phone calls or multiple e-mails , please ) .
Family First Senator Steve Fielding has been condemned by other senators for suggesting women might have an abortion after 20 weeks to try to claim paid parental leave .
The paid parental leave legislation , which is being debated in the Senate , allows for women who have stillbirths to claim the payment .
During debate , Senator Fielding raised concerns that some " drug addicts " or " welfare cheats " could deliberately fall pregnant , then have an abortion after 20 weeks and rort the system in order to be eligible for payments .
" Drug addicts and welfare cheats can go out there and get themselves pregnant and then after 20 weeks have an abortion and still pocket the Government 's cash , " he said .
However , the Government says women who choose to have an abortion are not eligible for paid parental leave .
But Labor Senator Ursula Stevens says the laws are clear .
She says a medical practitioner must certify that a stillborn child was delivered before the Government payment is made .
" The notion that someone would for the purposes of receiving the baby bonus or paid parental leave would proceed to a post 20 - week pregnancy and then procure an abortion for that purposes is really the most incongruous thing that anyone might consider could happen , " she said .
Nationals Senate Leader Barnaby Joyce was angered by Senator Fielding 's comments , accusing him of a " base form of politics " by bringing abortion into the debate .
" It is contemptuous to believe that you are working what I would suggest is a wedge , what I would suggest is a political chess manoeuvring by the most minor pawn in the most base way for a certain outcome what I do n't believe its genuinely held , " he said .
The scheme is due to start on January 1 next year .
It will provide for 18 weeks of paid leave at $ 543 a week .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
Hey , Tea Party .
A foreign navy boarded an unarmed ship flying the flag of a NATO member in international waters and shot dead an American citizen with four bullets to the head and one in the chest on Memorial Day .
It did this while the head of the belligerent state was on his way to a state visit to Washington , DC , to be awarded a further $ 200 million in aid on top of the $ 3 billion of American taxpayer money the US gives away to him every year .
If you are not upset by this , your tea is weak , man .
Weak .
understand
Kindly notify if I am infringing any copyright law .
II / We are here for fun and merriment .
The purpose is not to harm anybody .
Photos or any content posted belongs to those who are comfortable with showing them to others .
I believe there is a complete sense of harmless fun involved in the postings .
If any stories or images that appear on the site are in violation of copyright law , please Email Us and we will remove the offending information as soon as possible .
Chevron's $ 27 Billion Liability In Ecuador " Glaringly Low " In Light of BP Disaster
Chevron Dumped Toxins for 26 Years ; Indigenous Groups Decimated ; CEO Fights Shareholders ; Chatter about Bankruptcy
Amazon Defense Coalition
8 June 2010 - FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Contact : Karen Hinton at +1.703.798.3109
New York , NY – Chevron 's potential $ 27.3 billion liability for causing the world 's worst oil - related catastrophe in Ecuador 's rainforest – dubbed the " Amazon Chernobyl " by locals – is starting to look like a glaring underestimate compared to the astronomical damages facing BP in the wake of the Gulf oil spill , according to an analysis in The New York Times published today .
In his " Dealbook " column , Andrew Ross Sorkin reports investment bankers have concluded that BP could be a ripe takeover target because it faces a $ 40 billion liability for the Gulf spill .
He says under various worst case scenarios – such as a jury trial in Louisiana – the potential liability could surpass a whopping $ 100 billion .
The $ 40 billion includes an estimated $ 23 billion in clean - up costs according to Credit Suisse and an additional $ 14 billion from fisherman and the tourism industry , according to analysts .
The amount could lead BP to what bankers call the dreaded " Texaco Scenario " – where Texaco's $ 10.5 billion liability in the Penzoil case ( then the largest civil judgment in U.S. history ) forced it to file for bankruptcy in 1987 .
" The question is , who would buy BP , given its enormous liabilities , " wrote Sorkin .
Chevron has a similar problem in Ecuador , given that the company dumped at least ten times as much oil into the rainforest as has spewed out of BP 's Deepwater Horizon well , according to observers .
The same logic used in the Sorkin article suggests that in a worst - case scenario – particularly if the Ecuador trial judge increases the damages awarded well above the $ 27 billion estimate – Chevron might face the same danger of bankruptcy now looming over BP , according to Pablo Fajardo , the lead Ecuadorian attorney for the plaintiffs .
" We believe the damages estimate in Ecuador is glaringly low in light of the latest assessments of BP 's liability by Wall Street analysts , " said Fajardo .
The Ecuador disaster is still considered the world 's largest oil - related catastrophe , though it often is not " ranked " because it was the product of deliberate planning to cut costs rather than a spectacular accident , according to representatives of the plaintiffs .
" Chevron dumped more than 18.5 billion gallons of toxic waste – about 4 million gallons per day for more than two decades – and the world paid almost no attention , " said Mitch Anderson , an American organizer who works with the affected Amazonian communities .
Experts have concluded that Chevron discharged at least 345 million gallons of pure crude into the Amazon as part of its illegal dumping – far more than both the 11 million gallons spilled in the Exxon Valdez and the enormous amounts of crude spewing out of the BP well in the Gulf .
The Chevron Ecuador disaster poisoned an ecosystem roughly the size of Rhode Island that is even more sensitive to its indigenous inhabitants than the coastal marshes of Louisiana are to local fishermen , according to Luis Villacrecis , an environmental consultant who works with the plaintiffs .
" We have long said that the $ 27 billion damages number for Chevron in Ecuador is too low because it does not take into account the true restoration of the rainforest , " said Villacrecis .
" Because this is far away from the United States , and because the victims are mostly indigenous , Chevron believes it can receive a discount on the actual damages , " he added .
" Whether that is true remains to be seen . "
The dumping , which occurred when Texaco ( now Chevron ) operated a large oil concession from 1964 to 1990 , has decimated the traditional lifestyles of five indigenous groups while a sixth , the Tetete , has disappeared .
The case was moved from U.S. federal court to Ecuador at Chevron 's request in 2002 as a way for the oil giant to try to avoid or minimize liability , said Anderson , who works at Amazon Watch ..
Much of the damage in Ecuador – including 916 unlined waste pits gouged from the jungle floor and used for permanent waste storage – is still visible and will cause harm for centuries unless cleaned up , according to experts .
Proof can be seen in a 60 Minutes segment which shows the pipes Chevron built to drain toxic sludge from the pits into the forest , or in the documentary film CRUDE , which chronicles the legal battle of the communities against Chevron .
The Ecuador liability has clearly gotten under the skin of Chevron 's new CEO John Watson , who is under attack for helping to engineer Chevron 's purchase of Texaco for $ 31 billion in 2001 without proper due diligence .
Watson oversaw the integration of the two companies .
At the Chevron annual meeting on May 26 , Watson had five shareholders arrested after they made known their criticisms of the company 's poor human rights and environmental record .
Among them were Anderson and noted author Antonia Juhasz , who was forcibly dragged out of the meeting by several Houston police officers .
Inside the meeting , Chevron 's management team suffered a humiliating rebuke when shareholders supported a resolution relating to Ecuador with 26 % of the vote , representing an estimated $ 38 billion in shareholder value .
The shareholder support represents an increase of nearly 400 % over previous resolutions associated with the Ecuador problem .
" The shareholder defiance of Watson combined with the enormous potential Ecuador liability helps explain why Chevron management is trying to silence its critics , " said Anderson .
For more than a decade the music industry has claimed that digital piracy is the main cause for the gradual decline in revenues .
However , looking at the sales data of the music industry itself shows that the disappointing income might be better explained by a third factor that is systematically ignored .
After music cassettes were introduced in the mid-70s the number of sales saw a gradual increase , until the late 80s when the CD took over in popularity .
Cassettes were eventually phased out as CD sales continued to skyrocket .
In music industry vocabulary one could argue that CDs killed cassettes .
Interestingly enough , this format shift was nothing new for the music industry .
The exact same pattern also applied to the LP / cassette battle , with cassettes eventually taking over from LPs in the early 80s .
Now , three decades after cassettes started to dominate the music business , the CD is losing ground .
This time around there is a new enemy in town , digital piracy .
For nearly a decade the U.S. music industry has seen a decline in sales of physical CDs and all this time it has put the blame on digital piracy .
By doing so , the labels conveniently ignore the most drastic format shift music has ever seen – the digital revolution .
With the growing popularity of the Internet , computers and most importantly MP3 - players , music fans have started to trade in their CDs for MP3s and other digital files .
Initially , the public had to convert CDs themselves , but in 2003 the iTunes store opened , selling over a million tracks in the first week .
With this shift from physical to digital , another important change hit the industry , one that may in part explain why the labels ’ revenues in the U.S. continued to decline .
With the introduction of paid downloads , consumers no longer had to buy a full album if they were only interested in two or three songs .
This new freedom for consumers has dramatically changed the music sales landscape .
According to statistics taken from the RIAA shipment database , between 2004 and 2008 the number of single tracks sold in the U.S. increased by 669 percent while the number of album sales dropped 42 percent .
Consequently , the income of the big labels suffered since single track sales are less profitable than full albums .
As can be seen in the chart below , the number of music ‘ units ’ sold continues to grow rapidly nonetheless .
Music ‘ units ’ shipped in the United States
So where does piracy fit into this picture ?
Truth is , we just do n’t know .
File - sharing is obviously a by - product of the digital revolution in music , but its effect on revenues has been much overstated .
In every annual report that comes out , the music industry blames piracy for its troubles , even though digital sales are booming and even though these are directly competing with piracy .
We believe that the format shift from physical to digital music , and the change in buying habits that came along with it , may explain the decline in revenue more than piracy can .
To back this up we ’ve compared the labels ’ revenues in two countries on opposite ends of the digital / physical rift , the U.S. and Germany .
Although piracy is rampant in both of these countries , the local music consumption habits are very different according to data published by IFPI .
In Germany physical CDs are still very popular , with digital sales representing less than 25 % of all music ‘ units ’ sold .
In the U.S. on the other hand , digital outsells physical with 70 % of all sales .
If the theory that the shift towards digital music is negatively impacting revenues holds up , then the German record labels should do much better .
Indeed , between 2004 and 2008 the net revenue ( in dollars ) of the U.S record companies fell more than 30 % , compared to less than 5 % in Germany .
If the data above is not convincing enough , there is also another unexplained anomaly in the sales data .
If digital piracy is such a problem one would expect that it will mostly hurt digital sales , but these are booming instead .
Many younger people do n’t even own a CD - player anymore , yet the music industry sees digital piracy as the main reason for the decline in physical sales .
Strange , because digital piracy would be most likely to cannibalize digital sales .
This anomaly also refutes the excuse that the U.S industry could be hit more by piracy than the German .
So what does the music industry have to say about this all ?
TorrentFreak asked the RIAA to comment on our findings and they released the following statement .
“ We ’ve always said there are multiple reasons for the decline of the industry during the past ten years : Competition for the entertainment dollar .
Diversification of music consumption and access .
But we also think people being able to steal music online is the primary reason .
Not the only , but the primary . ”
We obviously have to differ with the RIAA here .
The digital revolution in music has changed the entire industry by altering the consumption habits of music fans .
Although piracy could also be a factor , the data we ’ve seen thus far suggests that it plays only a minor role , if it has any effect at all .
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
July 13th , 2010
Via : Telegraph :
South Korea has deployed sentry robots capable of detecting and killing intruders along the heavily - fortified border with North Korea , officials said on Tuesday .
Two robots with surveillance , tracking , firing and voice recognition systems were integrated into a single unit , a defence ministry spokesman said .
The 400 million won ( £ 220,000 ) unit was installed last month at a guard post in the central section of the Demilitarised Zone which bisects the peninsula , Yonhap news agency said .
It quoted an unidentified military official as saying the ministry would deploy sentry robots along the world ’s last Cold War frontier if the test was successful .
The robot uses heat and motion detectors to sense possible threats , and alerts command centres , Yonhap said .
If the command centre operator cannot identify possible intruders through the robot ’s audio or video communications system , the operator can order it to fire its gun or 40 mm automatic grenade launcher .
37 Pages Posted : 2 Jul 2010
Date Written : June 30 , 2010
Abstract
A 2004 study of the results of stock trading by United States Senators during the 1990s found that that Senators on average beat the market by 12 % a year .
In sharp contrast , U.S. households on average underperformed the market by 1.4 % a year and even corporate insiders on average beat the market by only about 6 % a year during that period .
A reasonable inference is that some Senators had access to – and were using – material nonpublic information about the companies in whose stock they trade .
Under current law , it is unlikely that Members of Congress can be held liable for insider trading .
The proposed Stop Trading on Congressional Knowledge Act addresses that problem by instructing the Securities and Exchange Commission to adopt rules intended to prohibit such trading .
This article analyzes present law to determine whether Members of Congress , Congressional employees , and other federal government employees can be held liable for trading on the basis of material nonpublic information .
It argues that there is no public policy rationale for permitting such trading and that doing so creates perverse legislative incentives and opens the door to corruption .
The article explains that the Speech or Debate Clause of the U.S. Constitution is no barrier to legislative and regulatory restrictions on Congressional insider trading .
Finally , the article critiques the current version of the STOCK Act , proposing several improvements .
A 3 - D map that accurate will have vast military , research , civil , and commercial applications , ranging from tighter low - flying routes for strategic aircraft to better - organized search and rescue plans during earthquakes to more accurate city planning and land use assessments .
Further , while other 3 - D topographic maps have been piecemeal efforts , the TanDEM - X mission will be one single , cohesive map of the entire surface of the planet .
With the satellites both in orbit , work now is focusing on upping the resolution so allow the rendering of detailed , massive images from the data collected from a single pass overhead .
Congressman says that stripping reform bill of full Fed audit will only serve to prove his point to the American people
Steve Watson
Prisonplanet.com
Monday , May 17th , 2010
Texas Congressman Ron Paul appeared on CNBC ’s Squawk Box earlier today to discuss the financial crisis and his ongoing effort to audit the Federal Reserve .
Paul , speaking publicly for the first time since the Senate passed a watered down version of his HR1207 amendment to fully audit the Fed , said that those who had essentially voted for more Fed power would see repercussions .
“ The Federal Reserve is a big issue and those individuals who voted against auditing the Fed , there will be a political price to pay for that , just as much as those who voted for the bailout . ”
The Congressman said .
“ Right now , those that vote to enhance the Fed will get punished politically , because the people are waking up and they realise the Fed is the culprit . ”
Paul , a member of the Joint Economic Committee , added .
Although Paul ’s amendment to fully audit the Fed every year is now likely to be stripped from the final financial reform bill , the Congressman remains positive .
“ I ’m surprised we have done this well .
My main goal was to call attention to the American people of the importance of the Federal Reserve .
In economic terms we ’ve achieved a whole lot .
Win or lose , the people are not going to forget about the Federal Reserve .
So in some ways , it ’ll prove my point . ”
Paul stressed .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
“ Lets say they strip my amendment out and they put in a watered down version , and you do n’t really have an audit of the Fed , it will just prove to the American people that this show is being run by the Federal Reserve , they have unbelievable powers .
We ’ve had this crisis , they are to blame for so much of it and we ’re going to give them more power !
Not only are we not going to have them audited in a true sense of the word , they ’re going to end up with more power , more regulations , more control over the consumers , and it wo n’t go well with the American people .
They ’ll realise then how powerful the institution is , and those who benefit by the creation of money and credit – you ca n’t have a military industrial complex without the Fed , you ca n’t run these wars , you ca n’t have a welfare state without the Fed . ”
The Congressman explained .
Paul also warned that Americans should expect a situation akin to that of the sovereign debt crisis in Greece , should the U.S. continue the course the country is on .
“ … the dollar is still trusted , and people still buy treasury bills , but all of that will come to an end , because the type of problem that Greece is following will eventually hit the United States because everything has too much debt . ”
Paul commented .
“ You ca n’t correct the problems of debt with creating more debt and expect the Fed to endlessly create money and credit .
That is not the answer , even though it makes people feel better , and will sort of delay some of the problems that we have , but we ’re in for a lot more trouble as far as I can see . ”
The Congressman added .
“ The Federal Reserve behind the scenes has the power to create money out of thin air , I mean it ’s absolutely bizarre .
Never in the history of the world has any one single bank been given the power to create the reserve currency of the world like we have had since 1971 .
So yes , they can bailout their friends and let the people they do n’t like fail , and create a trillion dollars or more out of thin air in order to prop up some companies at the expense of others , it ’s not viable , it makes no sense . ”
Paul urged .
“ When the history of this time is written , people will say ‘ how in the world did they believe that a few people in a secret room can decide what interest rates should be , how much the money supply should be , who should fail , what bad assets , what worthless assets the tax payers have to buy ? ’ it ’s absolutely bizarre , yet the American people right now I think are waking up to it . ”
“ This whole experiment over the last 35 years or so is a failure and that ’s what we ’re involved in right now . ”
The Congressman concluded .
Watch the video :
Ron Paul is scheduled to appear on the Alex Jones show this week to give his views on the attempt to water down the effort to audit the Fed .
This article was posted : Monday , May 17 , 2010 at 10:29 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
By the President of the United States of America
A Proclamation
The tragedy of Afghanistan continues as the valiant and courageous Afghan freedom fighters persevere in standing up against the brutal power of the Soviet invasion and occupation .
The Afghan people are struggling to reclaim their freedom , which was taken from them when the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan in December of 1979 .
In this three - year period the Soviet Union has been unable to subjugate Afghanistan .
The Soviet forces are pitted against an extraordinary people who , in their determination to preserve the character of their ancient land , have organized an effective and still spreading country - wide resistance .
The resistance of the Afghan freedom fighters is an example to all the world of the invincibility of the ideals we in this country hold most dear , the ideals of freedom and independence .
We must also recognize that the sacrifices required to maintain this resistance are very high .
Millions have gone into exile as refugees .
We will probably never know the numbers of people killed and maimed , poisoned and gassed , of the homes that have been destroyed , and of the lives that have been shattered and stricken with grief .
It is , therefore , incumbent upon us as Americans to reflect on the events in Afghanistan , to think about the agony which these brave people bear , and to maintain our condemnation of the continuing Soviet occupation .
Our observance again this year of Afghanistan Day on March 21 , the Afghan New Year , will recall for all the world America 's unflagging sympathy for a determined people , its support for their refugees and commitment to achieving a political settlement for Afghanistan which will free that country from tyranny 's yoke .
The Congress , by Senate Joint Resolution 65 , has designated March 21 , 1983 as " Afghanistan Day " and has requested the President to issue a proclamation in observance of that day .
Now ,
Therefore , I , Ronald Reagan , President of the United States of America , do hereby designate March 21 , 1983 as Afghanistan Day .
In Witness Whereof , I have hereunto set my hand this twenty - first day of March , in the year of our Lord nineteen hundred and eighty - three , and of the Independence of the United States of America the two hundred and seventh .
RONALD REAGAN
[ Filed with the Office of the Federal Register , 3:10 p.m. , March 24 , 1983 ]
To view this site , you must have Javascript enabled .
Entire TBS Office Gathers For Conan ’s Arrival
Ever since Conan O’Brien ‘s exodus from NBC , fans have been frothing at the mouth for his return to late night television programing .
Not surprisingly , so have employees at the TBS home office , who gathered to cheer on the arrival of their newest colleague .
Upon emerging from a motorcade of vehicles , O’Brien obliged the crowd , which had “ I ’m with CoCo ” banners draped from the rooftop ’s entrance , by acknowledging the support with “ victorious ” hand gestures .
It ’s one hell of a welcome , as shown in the video embedded below , and quite fitting considering the swift kick in the ass from NBC .
O’Brien ’s new late night show returns on TBS this Fall .
Video
The Afghanistan Minerals Story : News , Or Propaganda ?
Doug Mataconis · · 10 comments
Marc Ambinder gives reason to be very skeptical about the news of a massive mineral find in Afghanistan :
For one , a simple Google search identifies any number of previous stories with similar details .
The Bush Administration concluded in 2007 that Afghanistan was potentially sitting on a goldmine of mineral resources and that this fact ought to become a central point of U.S. policy in bolstering the government .
The Soviets knew this in 1985 ( …) A former senior State Department official said that regular discussions between the U.S. and the Karzai government over how to best exploit the resources for potential future use were ongoing when he was privy to those discussions around 2006 .
By 2009 , the government had already begun to solicit bids for various mining opportunities .
But it ’s the timing of today ’s story that makes Ambinder suspicious :
The way in which the story was presented — with on - the - record quotations from the Commander in Chief of CENTCOM , no less — and the weird promotion of a Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense to Undersecretary of Defense suggest a broad and deliberate information operation designed to influence public opinion on the course of the war .
Indeed , as every reader of Jared Diamond ’s popular works of geographic determinism knows well , a country rich in mineral resources will tend toward stability over time , assuming it has a strong , central , and stable government .
Risen ’s story notes that the minerals discovery comes at a propitious time .
He focuses on lithium , a critical component of electronics .
One official tells him that Afghanistan could become the “ Saudi Arabia of lithium ” — a comparison to oil .
( I can see it now : “ We must wean ourselves off our dependence on foreign lithium ! ” )
The general perception about the war here and overseas is that the counterinsurgency strategy has failed to prop up Hamid Karzai ’s government in critical areas , and is destined to ultimately fail .
This is not how the war was supposed to be going , according to the theorists and policy planners in the Pentagon ’s policy shop .
What better way to remind people about the country ’s potential bright future — and by people I mean the Chinese , the Russians , the Pakistanis , and the Americans — than by publicizing or re-publicizing valid ( but already public ) information about the region ’s potential wealth ?
So , is this news , or simply a strategically placed story in The New York Times at a time when the public mood on the Afghan War is continuing to sour ?
To borrow an old phrase , cui bono ?
Who benefits from a story that suddenly makes Afghanistan look like a more important place than it might actually be ?
I ’ll let you decide that for yourself .
UPDATE ( JAMES JOYNER ) : I expand on this quite a bit in my New Atlanticist piece “ Afghanistan Mineral Riches : Beware the Hype . ”
Every year some big - name geek icon roams the Comic Con floor , cunningly disguised by a mask .
But who are they ?
And what masks are they wearing ?
We 've compiled a list of celebrity maskers so you wo n't be fooled again .
Advertisement
This year a few big splash front cover tabloid celebs are hitting the Con .
Do we think Angelina Jolie and Ryan Reynolds would pass up an opportunity to purchase a plush Futurama Nibbler in the flesh ?
No way .
So be on the look out for masked celebrities .
Here 's a hint :
If you see an incredibly fit human being with a full - face mask that does n't quite go with their $ 1,000 outfit , you may be looking at a movie star .
Here 's a list of past secret geek maskers and masker wannabes .
Advertisement
Robert Downey Jr.
No real surprise here , if Tony Stark himself set foot on the big blue carpet at SDCC , he 'd get mobbed .
Still , if he did venture out , RDJ admitted that he 'd probably don a Mexican wrestling mask .
Keep your eyes peeled , people .
Seth Rogen , Jonah Hill and Company
Ignore the annoying nerd - bashing Jimmy Kimmel in this video clip , the gem is listening to Seth Rogen talk about geeky celebrities having their incognito aspirations ruined by picking the most popular mask to wear at SDCC .
So who do you think he was talking about : Jonah Hill , or himself ?
Lucy Lawless
Lucy Lawless put on a " zorro mask " to walk the floor , although we 're not sure how well that would actually cover her face .
But we like the effort !
In an interview with Seattle PI she stated " I did put on a silly Zorro mask [ once ] because I could n't walk 20 feet out the door without [ being recognized ] , and sort of wandered the halls and looked at the comics and stuff . "
Advertisement
Daniel Dae Kim
At New York Comic Con , the Lost favorite sported a V for Vendetta mask to mingle amongst the crowd without revealing that his character would be back on the series .
Advertisement
Simon Pegg And Nick Frost
In an interview with Wired director Edgar Wright revealed how his pals Simon Pegg and Nick Frost eclipsed his own on floor presence 20 to 1 .
Which called for some prompt Joker masking .
Wright : Comic - Con is an interesting barometer of fame .
I remember walking the convention floor with [ Shaun of the Dead and Hot Fuzz star ]
Nick Frost , and that made it easy to gauge your fame ratio .
You would walk for 10 minutes , and 20 people would stop Nick and go , " Dude , Shaun of the Dead ! "
And then one out of those 20 would go , " Hey , you 're Edgar Wright ! " Simon Pegg [ Shaun of the Dead , Hot Fuzz ] went around the convention floor wearing a Joker - type mask .
It was right around the time he was in J.J. Abrams ' Star Trek , so it was the only way he could go shopping without someone shouting , " Scotty ! "
I highly recommend hitting the convention floor with your face covered .
Advertisement
Chris Daughtry
Daughtry , a big comic fan , twittered pics of himself doing an on the floor tribute to Batman .
But then again I do n't think this was an incognito attempt , rather just showing that he 's a giant nerd .
Advertisement
Who Wo n't Wear A Mask
Seth Green :
We 've personally spotted Seth Green mask - free , gobbling up comics and toys .
" One of us . "
Advertisement
Joss Whedon :
I 've watched this man work the NYCC floor , he 's the king .
Granted , SDCC is a whole other ball game , but the seas really do part for Whedon .
Does that mean he 'll walk out into the middle of the San Diego floor on Saturday afternoon ?
No .
Best time to check for a Joss sighting is right before the Con closes , on a day you know he 'll be there .
Advertisement
Sigourney Weaver
If Whedon is the king of the crowds at Comic Con , Weaver is the queen .
These are her people .
Even though she 's falanked by the usual studio security , she does n't really need it .
Her presence is usually met with awe and reverence .
Watching Weaver walk through the halls of SDCC felt like watching the royal coach passing through the country village .
Hey , she 's earned it .
Advertisement
Click to view
Miami , Florida -- A 4 - year - old Florida boy has survived a 7 - story fall from from his family 's Miami apartment residence on the 17th floor , police said .
Police said the boy 's family was at home when he wandered off at about 11 a.m. and managed to open the sliding door to the balcony .
The boy then tumbled onto a pool area on the 10th floor , his fall partly cushioned by some palm trees .
He bounced off the trees and finally landed on a soft pile of dirt and bushes , suffering only scratches and bruises from the 70 - foot drop , police said .
The boy was taken to Jackson Memorial Hospital , where he remained in stable condition Friday evening .
The incident is considered an accident , and the adults in the home do not face criminal charges .
President Obama signed legislation Thursday extending jobless benefits to 2.5 million unemployed Americans , ending a long partisan battle .
The House passed the measure earlier Thursday , a day after the Senate did .
The law extends unemployment insurance through November for out - of - work Americans who have not yet exhausted up to 99 weeks of aid .
Benefits would be retroactive to late May , when the previous extension expired .
Jobless benefits vary from state to state but typically expire after 26 weeks .
A Republican filibuster held up the bill until two Maine senators crossed party lines to end the debate .
Most Republicans contended that the $ 33.9 - billion measure should be paid for with spending cuts rather than tacked onto the national debt .
Democrats said the 9.5 % national jobless rate was an emergency and thus exempt from budget - offset requirements .
A sense of humor helps to keep people healthy and increases their chances of reaching retirement age .
But after the age of 70 , the health benefits of humor decrease , researchers at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology ( NTNU ) have found .
The study has just been published in the International Journal of Psychiatry in Medicine , and was composed of an examination of records from 53,500 individuals who were followed up after seven years .
The study is based on a comprehensive database from the second Nor-Trøndelag Health Study , called HUNT 2 , which is comprised of health histories and blood samples collected in 1995 - 1997 from more than 70,000 residents of a county in mid-Norway .
A positive effect " There is reason to believe that sense of humor continues to have a positive effect on mental health and social life , even after people have become retirees , although the positive effect on life expectancy could not be shown after the age of 75 .
At that point , genetics and biological aging are of greater importance , " says project leader Professor Sven Svebak at NTNU 's Department of Neuroscience .
Svebak and his colleagues evaluated people 's sense of humor with three questions from a test designed to measure only friendly humor .
The test is not sensitive to humor that creates conflicts , is insulting or that is a variation of bullying , explains Svebak .
The questions revealed a person 's ability to understand humor and to think in a humorous way , Svebak says .
He believes there are many myths and misunderstandings about humor .
For example , one myth is that happy people have a better sense of humor than people who are more serious .
" But it is not enough to be full of laughter , as we say in Trøndelag .
Humor is all about ways of thinking and often occurs in a process or in dialogue with others .
It does not need to be externalized , " he says .
" What people think is fun , is a different matter .
Commonly , people with the same sense of humor tend to enjoy themselves together and can communicate humor without huge gestures .
A twinkle in the eye can be more than enough . "
He adds that a sense of humor can be learned and improved through practice .
advertisement
Health and mood
One possible objection to the research findings is that people who have the best sense of humor may believe that they are in good health and are therefore always in the best mood .
This would mean that a good sense of humor only reflected a subjective sense of health and well being .
To ensure that their findings were genuine , the researchers studied the effect of sense of humor in two separate groups .
One group was composed of people who believed they were healthy , while the other was composed of people who felt they were in poor health .
But researchers found the effect of a good sense of humor was the same in the two groups .
" This gives us reason to maintain that sense of humor has a real effect on the health until people reach about 70 years old , " says Svebak .
Two groups
The report shows that the size of health effect was dependent on how researchers grouped people with different scores .
One approach was to divide the participants into two groups , one group that scored highest in terms of a good sense of humor and one with a low score .
In this comparison , mortality was reduced by about 20 percent in people with high scores compared to people with low scores .
Another approach compared individuals with the highest and lowest scores using a nine - level scale .
In this comparison , people with the highest scores were twice as likely to survive the seven year period of follow - up than those with the lowest scores .
Confirms previous findings
The results from the Nord - Trondelag County population confirm findings from a patient group that was studied in Sør - Trøndelag County .
These results were published in the International Journal of Psychiatry in Medicine four years ago .
That study , which was based on patients with chronic renal failure who were followed over two years , showed that survival was greatest among those with the best sense of humor .
One objection to that research was that the findings could not be generalized to the population at large .
The current study confirms those results for the first time in a large population .
Intelligence Test Svebak said that it has been fifteen years since researchers first attempted to evaluate the effect of sense of humor on life expectancy .
At that time , a group of American scientists published data on life expectancy in the journal Psychosomatic Medicine .
Their results were based on a personality survey of 10 - year - olds conducted around 1920 .
The project was initiated by a pioneer in intelligence research , Lewis Terman , in California .
The children had to score above 135 on an intelligence test to participate .
Over 1,200 children were involved .
The results were surprising : Children with the least sense of humor were most likely to be alive 80 years later .
" But in this case , the children 's sense of humor had been rated by the children 's teachers and parents .
They measured the social image of a sense of humor , while we measured self - image , and people 's perception of their own sense of humor .
There are also several other differences between the two studies that may affect the results , " said Svebak .
The world 's first " Nevertheless , the results from the HUNT 2 are the first in history that say something about a sense of humor and health in a large population , " Svebak notes .
The Humor Project has been conducted in collaboration with Solfrid Romundstad , PhD , now employed at Levanger Hospital , and Professor Jostein Holmen at the HUNT Research Centre .
A coalition of medical organizations has condemned Arizona ’s draconian anti-immigrant law , SB 1070 , calling it a “ step backwards for the health and well being of the nation . ”
“ As health care providers committed to human rights and health justice , we strongly condemn Arizona SB 1070 , ” the groups say in a statement .
“ This law will promote racial profiling , discrimination , and intimidation by law enforcement officials , who are routinely present in emergency rooms and other health care settings , ” the statement says .
“ The law will create new obstacles to obtaining needed health care . ”
Signers include the Asian Health Services Community Health Center ( Oakland , Calif . ) ; Association of Clinicians for the Underserved ; National Physicians Alliance ; Committee of Interns and Residents / SEIU Healthcare ; Doctors for Global Health , Board of Directors ; Physicians for Human Rights ; and the United States Chapter of the International Society for the Psychological Treatments of the Schizophrenias and other Psychoses .
Dr. Valerie Arkoosh , president of the National Physicians Alliance , said , “ This law sets an abhorrent precedent of government - endorsed racial profiling , discrimination and intimidation . ”
She added , “ It has no place in America , an ethically diverse country founded on principles of freedom , religious tolerance , and equality for all . ”
“ Why would undocumented immigrants , or legal immigrants without their papers handy , go to the emergency room or healthcare center that can be policed , ” she asked .
“ Would undocumented parents of children born in the United States feel safe bringing their children to the doctor , or enrolling them in the health insurance coverage to which they are entitled as citizens ?
There ’s a very direct and proven link between fear of being asked for papers and avoiding health care . ”
Studies show that providing health care to immigrants costs significantly less than health care for native - born residents .
In fact , non-citizens , most of whom are recent immigrants , use fewer health care resources than even naturalized citizens , experts say .
Although non-citizens have a significantly greater proportion of uncompensated and charity care than naturalized citizens , these findings likely reflect non-citizens ’ poor access to care and low socioeconomic status , the studies conclude .
In general denying health care access to any population with or without legal documents in the U.S. is bad public policy and could result in an unnecessary health crisis , experts add .
However immigrant rights activists and supporters , including elected officials on both sides of the aisle , say what ’s really needed is federal legislation that enacts comprehensive immigration reform and a pathway toward legalization for the country ’s estimated 12 million undocumented immigrants .
The Arizona law , scheduled to take effect this summer , criminalizes people who fail to carry proper legal documents and grants local law enforcement officials authority to detain anyone they suspect of being in the country illegally .
Civil rights groups , labor , religious and immigrant advocacy organizations say it will open the floodgates to racial profiling and intimidation tactics , especially hitting the Latino communities throughout Arizona .
Arizona ’s Republican Gov. Jan Brewer signed the bill into law on April 23 .
Since then nationwide protests and massive demonstrations have occurred almost on a daily basis against the measure , and it has drawn condemnation from leaders of other countries .
Photo : A rally and march in Salem , Ore. , May 29 , protest ’s Arizona ’s SB 1070 .
( AP / Kobbi R. Blair / Statesman Journal )
According to this flyer [ PDF ] posted on Vision America ’s website , Mike Huckabee is scheduled to headline VA ’s “ Heroes of Faith Gala ” in August where he will receive the “ National Hero of Faith Award ” :
Vision America ’s President Rick Scarborough , who is among the most radical of Religious Right leaders , served on Huckabee ’s Faith and Family Values Coalition when he was running for president .
And Steve Hotze is another ultra right - wing Huckabee supporter who not only bankrolled the anti-gay attacks against Houston mayor Annise Parker but also happens to believe that disease is caused by sin :
Hotze was able to better articulate his views in 1986 , when he was one of dozens of ministers , professionals and laypersons who signed the Coalition on Revival ’s Manifesto for the Christian Church .
The coalition claims on its
Web site to be a national network of religious leaders aligned in a mission “ to help the Church rebuild civilization on the principles of the Bible so God ’s will may be done on earth as it is in heaven . ”
They want all aspects of life — government , science and education — to adhere to fundamental biblical beliefs .
These beliefs include the following : • A wife may work outside the home only with her husband ’s consent • “ Biblical spanking ” that results in “ temporary or superficial bruises or welts ” should not be considered a crime •
No doctor shall provide medical service on the Sabbath •
All disease and disability is caused by the sin of Adam and Eve • Medical problems are frequently caused by personal sin •
“ Increased longevity generally results from obedience to specific Biblical commands ” • Treatment of the “ physical body ” is not a doctor ’s highest priority •
Doctors have a priestly calling •
People receiving medical treatment are not immune from divine intervention or demonic forces •
Physicians should preach to their patients because salvation is the key to their health • “ Christians need better health to have more energy , tolerate more stress , get depressed less often , and be more creative than our non-Christian counterparts for the advancement of God ’s Kingdom . ”
As I said yesterday , I have spent a lot of time chronicling Huckabee ’s ties to the radical Religious Right fringe and I ’d hate to see it all go to waste if he decided not to run for president in 2012 .
Image caption Mr Bolland 's pay package has attracted controversy
Marks and Spencer shareholders have given their resounding support to the company 's executive pay plan , despite complaints about the controversial £ 15 m pay package offered to its new boss .
Marc Bolland 's pay deal was expected to be voted down by many investors , but 83.8 % of voting shareholders endorsed the firm 's remuneration plans .
Some 7.9 % opposed them while 8.3 % abstained , M&S said .
However , some shareholders described Mr Bolland 's pay as " obscene " .
At the scene Arriving at the Royal Festival Hall for the M&S AGM , shareholders were greeted with a mini tub of clotted cream vanilla ice cream .
It 's not clear whether this was a deliberate ploy to sweeten up the disgruntled but it seemed to do the trick .
After a sumptuous buffet lunch with wine , shareholders trooped into the auditorium .
Sir Stuart
Rose opened the meeting and received a large ovation when he announced that this would be his last AGM .
A regular feature of the Stuart Rose years has been the bringing on stage of a trolley of some of the best - selling items of the previous year .
This year a touch of glamour was added when the model Twiggy brought the trolley on stage .
Rose then demonstrated the products he was most proud of .
He began with lingerie and revealed that M&S would soon begin selling a new bra that enhances a woman 's bust by two cup sizes .
He got a big laugh when he announced that this product had a waiting list of over 1,200 customers !
From the M&S food department , and with a nod to the defeat of Holland in the World Cup final , he presented the new chief executive , who is from the Netherlands , with a Dutch hard cheese .
An important function of this year 's meeting was to introduce the new man at the top to the faithful .
Marc Bolland , who has joined from Morrisons , revealed he had spent his first 10 weeks travelling around the world meeting suppliers and getting to know the staff .
He paid tribute to his predecessor and gave a taste of what life under him would be like at M&S , declaring : " I am about evolution not revolution . "
And others said it was " asking for trouble . "
Golden hello
Mr Bolland 's pay package included a £ 7.5 m ' golden hello ' as an incentive to leave Morrisons , and an annual bonus of up to 250 % of his £ 950,000 basic salary .
He was also awarded M&S shares .
The company 's executive chairman , Sir Stuart Rose , emphasised to shareholders more than once that the majority of Mr Bolland 's pay packet would only get paid out if he met demanding performance targets .
For his own part , Sir Stuart already agreed in March to a 25 % pay cut until he leaves next year , in order to placate shareholders .
Investor anger has been fuelled because last year M&S cut its dividend for the first time since 2000 .
The pain , say critics , is not being shared .
Shareholder revolts
Marks and Spencer management will be breathing a collective sigh of relief at the vote , having faced shareholder revolts at both of the last two annual meetings .
At last year 's AGM , more than a fifth of the shareholders who voted refused to back the re-election of Mr Rose to the board , because of his dual role as chief executive and chairman at the time .
Mr Rose subsequently chose to step down from the chief executive role , creating the vacancy that Mr Bolland was then hired from rival supermarket Morrisons to fill .
Other companies have also faced anger over executive pay recently .
Earlier this month , 47 % of Tesco shareholders either voted against its boardroom pay policy or abstained .
Image caption Ms Campbell had previously refused to testify against Charles Taylor
British supermodel Naomi Campbell has been ordered to give evidence on 29 July in the war crimes trial of former Liberian President Charles Taylor .
The UN - backed Special Court for Sierra Leone issued a subpoena forcing her to appear and said law enforcement agencies should ensure she did so .
Prosecutors say Ms Campbell was given a " blood diamond " by Mr Taylor in 1997 at Nelson Mandela 's house in South Africa .
Mr Taylor is accused of using such diamonds to fuel a war in Sierra Leone .
Ms Campbell had previously refused to provide testimony in the case .
' Material assistance '
In a ruling published on Thursday , the judges of the Special Court , which sits in The Hague , ordered the registrar to serve Ms Campbell the subpoena and transmit copies to the authorities in the country where she was currently living .
The prosecution has shown that there is at least a good chance that the information to be provided by Ms Campbell would be of material assistance to its case Special Court for Sierra Leone
On Wednesday , the court agreed to a prosecution request to call Ms Campbell , as well as the actress Mia Farrow and Ms Campbell 's former agent , Carole White .
Ms White has said she heard Mr Taylor say he was going to give Ms Campbell some diamonds and was there when she received them .
Ms Farrow , who attended the dinner , has said Ms Campbell told her about the gift of the diamond the following morning .
Ms Campbell said she had been visited by Mr Taylor 's aides during the night , and that they had given her a " huge " uncut diamond , according to Ms Farrow .
Prosecutors had complained that they had tried unsuccessfully to contact Ms Campbell several times since June 2009 , when they first heard of the gift .
They cited public statements in which she said she " does not want to be involved " .
CHARLES TAYLOR 1997 : Elected Liberian president
2003 : Arrest warrant issued , steps down , goes into exile in Nigeria
2006 : Arrested , sent to Sierra Leone
2007 : Trial opens in The Hague Profile : Charles Taylor Q&A : Trying Charles Taylor
They said the model 's testimony would support their contention that Mr Taylor lied when he testified that he never possessed rough diamonds .
Agreeing to the request on Wednesday , the court said : " The prosecution has shown that there is at least a good chance that the information to be provided by Ms Campbell would be of material assistance to its case . "
Ms Farrow and Ms White were both willing to testify , prosecutors say .
Mr Taylor is accused of selling diamonds and buying weapons for Sierra Leone 's Revolutionary United Front ( RUF ) rebels , who were notorious for hacking off the hands and legs of civilians during the brutal 1991 - 2001 civil war .
He pleaded not guilty to 11 counts of war crimes and crimes against humanity stemming from the war when his trial opened in June 2007 .
He has also dismissed the claims he presented Ms Campbell with a " blood diamond " - the name given to diamonds mined in areas of conflict that are sold to fund warfare .
The court said the three women should appear as soon as possible , before the close of the defence 's case , expected by September .
The History Of Logos And Logo Design
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Logo design has been a controversial subject in the design press lately .
One branding professional recently claimed that logo design is [ not that hard to do and another said that logos are dead while others concurred .
Why all the fuss ?
We live in a Brand Era , where branding is in , and for some , aspiring to the Paul Rand style of logo craftsmanship is about as hip and contemporary as writing your invoices with a quill .
Yes , logo design is only one facet of the powerful force that we call brand identity .
The history of logo design begins with the roots of human expression .
Yes , a branded design environment can communicate sophisticated brand meaning without much ( any ? ) usage of logos .
But some ‘ brand gurus ’ or ‘ brand evangelists ’ ( translation : ‘ bastions of corporate pretension ’ ) seem to enjoy making hyperbolic pronouncements just to sound shocking or cutting - edge .
Logo design is not dead .
The technological advancements and tumultuous industries of our century are causing its role in our culture to evolve .
Further Reading on SmashingMag :
Perhaps this clamorous debate is cause for a look at where logo design comes from , what state it ’s in currently , and where it ’s headed in the future .
Where does a logo ultimately derive its power from ?
If we ’re so hung up on divining what this Brand Era means for our clients , can we envision a Post - Brand Era ?
Symbolism
The fundamental power of symbols remains most important element of logo design .
A logo has meaning because it draws on centuries of signs and symbols ( including the alphabet ) in human literary and visual language .
A logo designer who uses an image of an apple , for example , is drawing on centuries of potent symbolic usage .
For most Western viewers , the image of an apple summons our associations with nature , food , the ‘ forbidden fruit ’ in the Garden of Eden , Snow White , Apple computers , et cetera .
To design a logo with symbolic resonance is to participate in the lineage of social dialogue .
Fragment of a vase , third millennium B.C.
The figures on this vase bear a striking similarity to the cave paintings of Lascaux and even to contemporary imagery like the Puma logo .
These similarities reveal the harmony and union of human communication over great distances of time and geographic location .
To communicate effectively with design , it ’s important to view the big picture of human communication and mythology .
Logo design as we know it today is a strategy that rose to popularity with brands and corporations of the twentieth century .
However , people and organizations have been identifying themselves with an enormous variety of marks , signatures , and emblems for centuries .
In terms of visual communication , a modern company that represents itself with a logo , color scheme , and slogan is not very different from a 15th century royal court that invoked identity and unity through the use of family crests , uniforms , and religious symbolism .
In semiotics ( the study of signs and symbols and their use or interpretation ) , human communication is discussed in terms of signs and signifiers .
Signs can take the form of words , images , flavors , or even odors : things that have no intrinsic meaning until we invest it in them .
We perceive , understand , and negotiate the world around us by investing meaning in all manner of signs and symbols .
In the West , an image of a snake signifies evil .
But without our Western cultural and mythological associations ( many of which are rooted in the Bible ) , a serpent is just a serpent .
Greek signature seals , fifth century B.C. Affluent Greek citizens used these molded stamps to sign or endorse documents .
Using an animal image to identify oneself has a long history predating famous animal logos like Lacoste and Penguin .
Symbols are highly subjective and dependent upon cultural reference .
The swastika , for example , is a symbol that was used by various cultures across the globe for over 5,000 years to symbolize a variety of positive meanings including good luck , life , sun , power , and strength .
In fact , the word swastika comes from the Sanskrit svastika , which means “ good fortune ” or “ well - being . ”
Sadly , those meanings have all been usurped by the atrocities of the Nazi party .
No symbol has inherent meaning of its own , but when maligned by indelible association with war and unspeakable tragedy , a simple symbol like the swastika can be transformed into a potent talisman capable of eliciting an intense reaction from the viewer .
Our complex emotional responses to rudimentary images reveals the profound depth of our relationship with the visual world around us .
The meaning of a logo is often an elusive concept , and two top professionals may disagree about whether a particular logo is a masterpiece or an abomination .
This subjective nature of meaning in logography is part of the beauty and wonder of the craft .
Historical Identifying Marks
A wide variety of stamps , symbols , and signatures have been used to identify people over the centuries .
Here are a few .
Printer ’s marks , late fifteenth century
The printer ’s marks above are variations on an ‘ orb and cross ’ theme , symbolizing the idea that “ God shall reign over Earth . ”
Aldus Manutius , printer ’s trademark , c.1500 .
This printer ’s trademark symbolizes a beautiful paradox .
It was used in conjunction with an epigram reading “ Make haste slowly . ”
Swiftness is visually represented by the speedy sea animal and stillness is represented by the anchor .
Rembrandt ‘ branded ’ his authorship on his paintings with a variety of signatures during the course of his career , but the distinctive ‘ R ’ and unique personality of the letterforms provide unity to the marks .
Corporate Identity
The industrial revolution profoundly expanded the reach and power of mass production and the marketing used to promote it .
Corporations now found that a simple identifying mark was insufficient for distinguishing themselves amongst growing competition in broadening markets .
“ The national and multinational scope of many corporations made it difficult for them to maintain a cohesive image , but by unifying all communications from a given organization into a consistent design system , such an image could be projected , and the design system enlisted to help accomplish specific corporate goals . ”
( Meggs ’ History of Graphic Design , by Philip B. Meggs and Alston W. Purvis ) .
In other words , the logo was now being used as one element in a broader system of visual elements used to identify the entire output of a corporation — many of which were becoming larger and more powerful than any had every been before .
Here are some notable developments in the evolution of identity design and the history of logos .
Wiener Werkstätte
The Wiener Werkstätte was a manufacturing and marketing enterprise founded in Vienna in 1903 — decades before graphic designers were doing work that was officially recognized as corporate identity .
This group of craftsmen and designers were true trailblazers .
Marks of the Werkstätte , left to right : Werkstätte monogram , rose logo , logo for Galerie Miethke designed by Kolo Moser
Wiener Werkstätte letterhead printed in ‘ Wiener Werkstätte blue , ’ 1914 .
The group ’s obsession with squares and grids is evident here .
A trademark was proposed for the Werkstätte , but designer Josef Hoffman proposed a complete graphic identity .
The appearance of the group ’s letters and articles was unified by four elements : the Werkstätte ’s red rose symbol plus the monogram marks of the Werkstätte , the designer , and the producer .
These standard elements , along with the use of the square as a decorative motif , were used to design everything from invoices to wrapping paper .
Now that ’s dedication to designing an immersive brand environment : the Werkstätte logo forged into the handle of a cupboard key .
Identity Masters
Westinghouse logo and annual report designed by Paul Rand
Extraordinarily influential designers like Paul Rand , Milton Glaser , and Alan Fletcher helped shape the graphic identity of consumer culture during the second half of the twentieth century .
Rand , for example , designed many ubiquitous logos and his varied identity work for IBM became a benchmark in the industry .
These great designers have been covered in depth elsewhere ( check out ‘ The world ’s best logo designers ? ’ by David Airey ) , so we wo n’t spend too much time on them here .
Music Television
“ The move of information from the printed page to other media has changed the nature of graphic identity .
The MTV logo , which emerges from an unexpected metamorphosis , is probably the ultimate in animated identity . ” - The New York Times , September 1996
The MTV logo was designed by the now - defunct studio Manhattan Design in the early 1980 ’s .
Former Manhattan Design member Frank Olinsky tells the story behind the creation of this logo here .
This logo was a revolution in corporate identity because it adapted to the language of television and shattered standing notions about the ‘ rules ’ of logo use .
In the early 80 ’s , television had become a ubiquitous medium .
The MTV logo adapted to the nature of this medium by exploiting the speed and motion of the moving image : it was regularly animated , shattered , decorated , erased , and reborn in the course of a brief station identification spot .
This showed that logos could be adaptive vessels for graphic identity and demolished the notion that trademarks should always be presented in a consistent , static form .
The logo had evolved to fit the culture of the television era .
The Brand Era
“ In order to be successful multinational corporations , you need to produce brands , not products . ” - Naomi Klein
Lebron James is deified in a Nike desktop wallpaper ad .
The Swoosh is tiny ; the brand is huge .
For some , Nike epitomizes successful branding .
For others , it ’s the poster child for deceptive marketing , sweatshop labor , and unethical business practices .
Now that the whole world has been branded , the Twentieth Century approach to branding is old school .
I ’ll call our present day in age the Brand Era .
The logo has evolved from a mark of quality on a product to a visual distillation of a cultural ideal — one that ’s capable of accruing or asserting brand equity in a variety of marketing environments and inspiring great allegiance among consumers .
“ In this corporate formula , ” says Naomi Klein , “ the brand has little to do with the life of the product .
Rather , it is a free - standing idea .
The goal of the successful brand has become nothing short of transcendence from the world of things . ”
In this twenty - first century brand space , Nike is no longer a shoe company — it is a concept that represents transcendence through sports .
Consider the Nike ad above : Lebron James is deified in a Christ - like pose and with religious language ( ‘ witness , ’ ‘ believe ’ ) , both of which imply spiritual transcendence .
In the case of Michael Jordan , the star was granted superhuman powers in Nike ads ( picture him achieving flight , suspended midair en route to the hoop ) .
In the corner floats the simple , austere Swoosh .
In this context , the logo is a sponge , soaking up the ‘ brand equity ’ created by themes of transcendence and flight as well as the basketball star ’s fame / endorsement / deification .
‘ Brand evangelists ’ now use all kinds of lofty language to describe ‘ brand worlds ’ and ‘ branded landscapes . ’
At best , this kind of language describes creative brand strategy that can provide organizations with an innovative approach to defining themselves in today ’s corporate culture — a place where tumultuous economies and rapid technological change require constant adaptation .
At worst , this kind of behavior is an attempt to pull the pretentious wool over the novice client ’s eyes , using ostentatious language to leverage the sale of mediocre design and commonplace brand strategy .
None of us entered this field to become snake oil salesmen , so do n’t pitch like them .
A Post -Brand Era ?
Ask someone standing in Times Square if logo design is dead .
Image : ‘ Times Square Parade ’ by Alexander Chen
In this era , the brand is bigger and more powerful than ever .
Brands have become so big that some people have logo tattoos ( physically branded with a brand ) while celebrities like Martha Stewart and Oprah Winfrey have successfully developed themselves into personal mega brands .
Brands like Nike have transformed themselves into lifestyle choices that consumers can integrate into their own identity .
How much further can we go ?
What comes next ?
Naomi Klein has noted that the many successful brands have already achieved “ transcendence from the world of things , ” meaning that the dissemination of a brand ’s identity has become more valuable than its production of physical commodities .
Technology will soon liberate brands from the visible world even further , as companies enter the fields of nanotechnology , synthetic life production , virtual space , and more .
What will ‘ brand identity ’ mean for a person who has branded cells injected into their body to eradicate cancer ?
And you thought the favicon was small .
Brands will occupy startling new environments ( like the bloodstream ) in the 21st Century .
The MTV logo famously introduced a logo that could undergo a costume change during every performance .
How else can a logo break the rules to adapt ?
Is there a way to explode the logo , to decentralize it ?
What about a logo that consisted of separate elements that could be displayed on their own or joined together to create a unified whole ?
If branded products exist on a molecular level that ’s invisible to the naked eye , could they project external holographic brand identity ?
The role of brand identity in the future remains to be seen .
But it appears as though — barring the apocalypse or some Naomi Klein - inspired activist revolution — brands will continue to expand into new areas .
Just as most industries are dealing with abrupt transitional periods due to the disruptive effects of technology , so is ours .
In fact , their transitional periods become our transitional periods , because they are our clients .
As brand identity designers , merely designing a logo for a client is not good enough .
It is also unacceptable to stand on the cultural sidelines or design with our heads in the sand .
We must be students of the changing cultures around us .
We must take active roles in the use of design to strengthen and navigate the futures of the industries , people , and causes we believe in .
The Road Ahead
For now , brand identity design is thriving .
Branded design environments ( like a website with an integrated design strategy expressing brand qualities ) can coexist with traditional logo design .
In the future — as always — it ’s creative thinking that will lead the way .
One valuable asset will be the willingness to take a risk when it comes time to develop a strategy for a brand ’s visual persona .
The faster technology propels our culture , the more design risk - takers we ’re going to need .
Whatever changes may come , one thing will remain .
As graphic artists and designers , we possess the power ( just as any two year - old with a crayon does ) to ascribe meaning to the world around us .
We put an expressive face on raw information .
The fundamental desire of humans to understand the world in visual terms is a desire that we can understand and foster .
Graphic design ’s ability to provide meaning and useful information will prove more valuable than ever during uncertain and challenging times .
Partial Bibliography For The History Of Logos
Read more about TPP and take action !
ACTA ( 1 ) , a treaty designed to attack the rights of computer users in some 40 - odd countries -- and others later -- is encountering increasing opposition .
ACTA threatens , in a disguised way , to punish Internet users with disconnection if they are accused of sharing , and requires countries to prohibit software that can break Digital Restrictions Management ( DRM ) , also known as digital handcuffs ( 2 ) .
In advance of a secret meeting of government representatives to plan the attack , New Zealand citizens organized their own public meeting , PublicACTA , to criticize it .
The attendees published the Wellington Declaration , calling on the ACTA negotiators to reject several injustices that they suspected might appear in the treaty .
This event was a milestone in the fight against ACTA .
But even though I would support each of the declaration 's objections to ACTA , it makes two major concessions that I can not put my name to .
The Wellington Declaration properly condemns the plan for ACTA to prohibit devices that can break digital handcuffs .
It then undermines that position by suggesting that a limited prohibition , along the lines of Article 11 of the WIPO Internet Treaty , might be acceptable .
This limited prohibition would give government backing to certain kinds of digital handcuffs .
To accept this much -- without even a fight -- almost begs the ACTA negotiators to try for more .
The decision might have been intended to minimize the alteration requested in ACTA .
That approach would be appropriate for a different kind of situation , but not for this one .
When we ask a favor of someone that does n't owe us one , it behooves us to make it as small and easy as possible .
That also usually increases the chance it will be granted .
But that is not the case here .
When we oppose ACTA , we are not asking our governments for a favor .
Defending our freedom is their reason for being , and we demand it by right .
We should not " compromise " by volunteering to cede some of our freedom so that they have less to do .
The other point I cannot bring myself to accept is the declaration 's praise of WIPO as a " public , inclusive and transparent " forum for negotiating agreements about copyrights and various other unrelated laws .
I do n't recall seeing WIPO become a force for good in the world .
It is true that WIPO 's procedures are not as bad as ACTA 's mostly secret negotiations , but that 's the best thing one can say about WIPO .
Its use of the propaganda term " intellectual property " ( 3 ) reflects its tendency to frame issues with a view towards restricting people more .
Its actions follow that tendency : WIPO treaties about copyright in recent decades have specifically targeted the freedom of people who use published works .
To transfer the ACTA negotiations to WIPO would perhaps make the result less bad , but would hardly ensure it is good .
Let us not ask to be taken out of the fire and put back into the frying pan .
Any time there is a proposal to change things for the worse , the obvious way to oppose it is to campaign for the status quo .
To campaign for the status quo suggests the approach of singing its praises ; thus , praising WIPO is a natural way to highlight how ACTA is a step for the worse .
However , where there have been previous changes for the worse , lauding the status quo tends to legitimize them .
The past 20 years have seen global waves of harmful changes in copyright law -- some promoted by WIPO .
To confront a further assault by presenting the status quo as ideal means we stop fighting to reverse them .
It means that our adversaries need only propose a further affront to our rights to gain our acceptance of their last affront .
Instead of making the status quo our ideal , we should demand positive changes to recover freedoms already lost .
For instance , many countries already have laws restricting devices that can break digital handcuffs ; these must be repealed .
WIPO treaties demand such laws ; countries that have signed these treaties must withdraw from them .
To stop ACTA from requiring such laws is just one battle in the fight to eliminate them .
The two points mentioned above are the only substantive points I disagree with , but they are very important points .
Aside from these points of substance , there are also points of wording .
The Wellington declaration repeats some of the copyright industry 's propaganda terms ; it says " protection " for restrictions , for example referring to digital handcuffs as " technical protection measures " .
In spelling out the official name of WIPO , it repeats the term " intellectual property " without anything to reject its implications .
These points of terminology are not as important as the substance , but they influence the public 's thinking , and that makes a difference .
They also affect the tone of the declaration .
Use of these terms caters to the way the supporters of a repressive ACTA frame the issues .
The overall tone avoids a forceful confontation with the politicians who seek to impose unjust laws through ACTA .
Those politicians serve the big music and movie companies .
They intend to impose what those companies want -- first on 40 - odd countries , then on the world .
They wo n't heed civic - minded suggestions offered in a reasonable spirit that assumes their good will ; their response to the Wellington Declaration shows that .
We will have to stop them .
To build a movement to stop them , we need to say , " Join us and fight ! "
Therefore I have written a firm and clear declaration of opposition to the aspects of ACTA that threaten our freedom .
Whether or not you have signed the Wellington Declaration , I invite you to sign this declaration calling for firm , simple limits on ACTA .
Part of ACTA is intended to take stronger action against commercial international trade in goods that infringe copyrights or trademarks .
I am not in general opposed to that .
Other parts of ACTA propose repression against the public .
That must not be allowed .
Current copyright law is too restrictive , and so in some fields is patent law .
They interfere with or prohibit activities that ought to be allowed .
We must aim to abolish these restrictions , but if ACTA stays away from these issues , we can let it pass .
Thus , this declaration calls for removing the repression from ACTA , or rejecting it entirely .
See and sign the declaration here .
Footnotes :
Taking your laptop , cellphone , or iPad to bed might seem to be an obvious candidate for keeping you up — you 're playing with the device after all — but the real culprit is the glow of the screen .
Advertisement
Photo by sidewalk flying .
Three years ago we shared some research with you indicating that people who used electronic devices before bed reported feeling less rested the next morning .
Advertisement
The subjects in the study were n't just imagining that working late on their laptop in bed or spending time text messaging was make them more tired — they slept the same number of hours as the non-electronics users — they were actually experiencing the effects of exposure to bright and intense light late in the evening .
The Los Angeles Times reports on the science behind it :
But staring at the screen before bed could leave you lying awake .
That 's because direct exposure to such abnormal light sources inhibits the body 's secretion of melatonin , say several sleep experts . [...]
Light - emitting devices , including cellphones and yep , the iPad , tell the brain to stay alert .
Because users hold those devices so close to their face , staring directly into the light , the effect is amplified compared with , say , a TV across the room or a bedside lamp , said Frisca Yan - Go , director of the UCLA Sleep Disorders Center in Santa Monica .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
What can you do ?
Switch to night - time activities that do n't involve blasting your face with light right before you turn in .
Reading a traditional paper book or an electronic book on non-light emitting electronic device like the Kindle is a much better alternative than reading a book on an iPad or laptop .
Even better would be to institute a no-electronics policy surrounding the hours leading up to bed time to let your body move naturally and gradually towards sleep .
You can read more about the effect of electronics on sleep quality at the link below .
While you 're reading up on better sleep habits , make sure to check out our Top 10 Ways to Sleep Smarter and Better .
Have a favorite sleep - related tip or trick to share ?
Let 's hear about it in the comments .
Advertisement
Reading on iPad before Bed Can Affect Sleep Habits [ Los Angeles Times ]
Imagine a magazine entirely devoted to images of Spock in different wigs , or at different weights .
Welcome to The Many Faces Of Spock , issue # 1 , which is called " Beamed Up And Displaced . "
Artist and publisher Ramsey Sibaja calls the magazine a " surreal , strange trip into the world of Star Trek .
Well more specifically Spock . . .
All the images are head - shots of Spock in various versions from music to pop culture .
The same image repeated but with variations done to it to reflect Spock portrayed in various incarnations . "
OK . . . yeah .
At least it 's not a comment on our consumer culture , or a meditation the way repetition is actually a wish for death if you look at it psychoanalytically .
Nope .
It 's just . . .
Spock .
Advertisement
You can see a preview of the whole magazine , and order your very own copy for only $ 9.95 , at MagCloud .
( Thanks , Derek ! )
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Updated at 1:50 p.m. By Melanie Grayce West
Abercrombie & Fitch has found bedbugs in its South Street Seaport location , prompting the closure of that store days after shuttering its EpicHollister store in SoHo , company officials said Friday .
The shirtless male greeters for which the Hollister store is famous have yet to return to their posts ...
The MSDN team has been working some potential changes to the online MSDN Library designed to help streamline the navigation experience and make it easier to find the .NET Framework information you need .
To solicit feedback on the proposed changes while they are still in development , they ’ve posted a preview version of some proposed changes to a new MSDN Library Preview site which you can check out .
They ’ve also created a survey that leads you through the ideas and asks for your opinions on some of the changes .
We ’d very much like to have as many people as possible people take the survey and give us feedback .
[ In addition to blogging , I am also now using Twitter for quick updates and to share links .
You can follow me at : twitter.com/scottgu ]
Quick Preview of Some of the Changes
Below are some examples of a few of the changes being proposed :
Streamlined .NET Namespaces Navigation
The current MSDN Class Library lists all .NET namespaces in a flat - namespace ( sorted alphabetically ) :
Two downsides of the above approach are :
Some of the least - used namespaces are listed first ( like Microsoft.
Aspnet.Snapin and Microsoft.Build.BuildEngine )
All sub -namespaces are listed , which makes the list a little overwhelming , and page - load times to be slow
The new MSDN Library Preview Site now lists “ System ” namespaces first ( since those are the most used ) , and the home - page lists just top - level namespace groups – which makes it easier to find things , and enables the page to load faster :
Class overview and members pages merged into a single topic about each class
Previously you had to navigate to several different pages to find member information about types :
Links to these are still available in the MSDN Library Preview Site TOC – but the members are also now listed on the overview page , which makes it easy to quickly find everything in one place :
Commonly used things are nearer the top of the page
One of the other usability improvements with the new MSDN Library Preview Site is that common elements like “ Code Examples ” and “ Inheritance Hierarchy ” ( for classes ) are now listed near the top of the help page – making them easy to quickly find :
Give Us Feedback with a Survey
Above are just a few of the changes made with the new MSDN preview site – there are many other changes also rolled into it .
The MSDN team is doing usability studies on the new layout and navigation right now , and would very much like feedback on it .
If you have 15 minutes and want to help vote on which of these ideas makes it into the production MSDN site , please visit this survey before June 30 , play with the changes a bit , and let the MSDN team know what you think .
Important Note : the MSDN preview site is not a fully functional version of MSDN – it ’s really only there to preview the new ideas themselves , so please do n’t expect it to be integrated with the rest of MSDN , with search , etc .
Once the MSDN team gets feedback on some of the changes being proposed they will roll them into the live site for everyone to use .
Hope this helps ,
Scott
A group of US lawmakers allied with the White House called Thursday for an end to the Afghan war , labeling it an unwinnable drain on US “ blood and treasure ” and comparing it to Vietnam .
“ Every dollar spent and every life wasted in Vietnam was just that : A waste , ” said Democratic Representative Jerrold Nadler .
“ Afghanistan is the same .
Every dollar we spend , every life we waste is a waste . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Some 21 lawmakers have joined the “ Out of Afghanistan Caucus ” opposing continued combat operations there , according to one of the group ’s leaders , Democratic Representative John Conyers .
The revolt against President Barack Obama ’s strategy to turn around the faltering campaign came as the House of Representatives was expected to pass a bill to pump another 37 billion dollars into the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Recent polls have found the US public deeply pessimistic about the Afghan war , with some surveys finding a majority say it was not worth fighting , and growing numbers backing a US pull - out almost nine years after the October 2001 invasion .
The House was also expected to take up an amendment by Democratic Representative Barbara Lee that calls for using the money only “ for the safe and orderly withdrawal ” of US forces , she told reporters .
“ This amendment would require the beginning of the end of this , our longest war , ” she said , stressing that “ the costs of this war in blood and treasure are just too great . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The House was also expected to vote on another Democratic amendment calling on Obama to provide a withdrawal timetable , though enough Republicans and Democrats support Obama ’s strategy that both measures were expected to be defeated .
“ We do n’t know whether we ’ll be successful today , but I believe we are standing here to say that we ’re committed to vote , over and over again , no , no , no , ” said Democratic Representative Sheila Jackson Lee .
The spending bill under consideration also included nearly three billion in aid for Haiti in the wake of the devastating earthquake there , 701 million dollars of increased US - Mexico border security and 304 million dollars for the response to the catastrophic Gulf of Mexico oil spill .
Nearly 30 Android tablets are expected to be unveiled at this year 's Computex show in Taipei .
How will they affect Apple 's iPad ?
Since the rollout of the iPhone , " app " has become the computing world 's dominant buzzword .
Pretty soon we 'll be referring to Microsoft Word as an " app . "
But an app is actually just a small piece of code designed to make portable devices more useful .
Most apps are just gimmicks , games , or other amusements .
Still , at least for now , Apple has the most , so people are more likely to buy its products .
Years ago , Apple realized that it was behind in terms of the software wars there just were n't as many programs that ran on its platform .
It never caught up , but it has long since reached the critical mass of programs needed to sustain a platform .
The Mac is now more popular than ever .
This is something we have to realize about the iPhone and iPad you do n't need as many apps as Apple has , but you need more than a few ( i.e. Palm , Nokia ) .
This simple fact is lost on many vendors .
You get lots of apps by doing what Google has done : Seed developers .
Chum the waters .
Apple fell into an amazing advantage with the new lunacy over pad computers .
It began by developing an online store for the iPod .
With the iPhone , it morphed into an app store , accumulating apps that could be transferred to the iPad .
Apple is literally three or more years ahead of the competition .
But the boys at Google pulled a fast one by changing the model .
By going open source and using multiple vendors in a Wild West scenario , Android is catching up fast .
Think about it .
If Google had done an " open source " iTunes clone for an iPod clone , it would have done some serious damage to Apple .
So , what happens this week ?
Computex in Taipei .
We are expecting to upwards of 30 Android tablets from all sorts of companies .
In fact , it will probably be considered the theme of the show by the blogosphere .
It will take a lot of attention away from the iPad , but it wo n't result in immediate inroads until there is a major increase in apps .
But it will introduce a few other variables that Apple needs to deal with , namely out - and - out rip offs of the iPad found all over China .
Apple has chosen to make the iPad in Asia , where rampant counterfeiting is the rule of the day .
And while there is supposed to be security to prevent this , many counterfeits are thought to actually be overruns from the factories where the originals are made .
This means the exact same product is going out two different doors .
The Chinese are very much into the prestige of having a device like the iPad .
But they are practical too .
An exact copy with the right logo would be a lot cheaper and would have the same personal impact .
Apple will be under assault for the next year or two from every angle .
Meanwhile , what will the effect be from the pad onslaught coming out of Taiwan ?
The first thing it will do is reconfirm that this is the new trend in computers : keyboardless smudge computing .
But this brings us to the biggest , most important question : will there be a pad- specific killer app that will require us all to buy one ?
Besides browsing in front of the TV , I can't envision one .
Ideally , it should platform specific , very cool , time saving , and must - have .
It could even be a game .
Numerous killer app games have appeared over the years to enhance the sale of one console over another .
Pads need something similar .
So , do n't get too worked up over what comes out of Computex .
They will be about the hardware , but it takes more than hardware to sell hardware .
It will be months from now before we 've digested this show and the pad phenomenon .
BOSTON — Environmental and watchdog groups have filed the first legal challenge to a wind farm off Cape Cod since federal agencies gave final approval to the project two months ago .
A lawsuit filed in federal court in Washington , D.C. , Friday alleges that the 130 - turbine project in Nantucket Sound will endanger protected migratory birds and whales .
The groups say federal agencies refused to adopt recommended protective measures for the endangered roseate tern and the threatened piping plover , including shutting down turbines during peak migration periods .
A spokeswoman for the Northeast Regional office of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service , declined to comment on the lawsuit .
But she said the agency did a " thorough evaluation of the biological effects of the project based on the best available science . "
© Copyright 2010 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
ALBERT and Derick , sixth - graders , happily scoffed their salads during a recent Harlem lunchtime .
Ignoring the fork , Albert used his fingers to eat green pepper wedges .
Derick did n't much like his veggie burger — “ too much ketchup ” , which he carefully wiped off with a napkin .
He then swigged a tiny carton of low - fat milk .
Chanel , though , turned up her nose at the healthy lunch , preferring instead to eat the lunch she brought to school in a bag , a packet of crisps and some biscuits .
Feeding schoolchildren is big business ; the federally funded National School Lunch Programme provides free or reduced - cost lunches to 30 m children across America each day .
But the recession means that a growing number of children are eligible for subsidised meals ; and healthy food , alas , can cost more than the salt - , fat - and sugar - laden variety .
So in March the Senate Agriculture Committee unveiled the Healthy , Hunger - Free Kids Act of 2010 , a bipartisan - backed bill that provides $ 4.5 billion for children 's nutrition , including more money for school lunches , over the next ten years .
This legislation will allow more poor children to enrol in the lunch programme and will make the lunches healthier — less pizza and more salads .
The new bill , it is hoped , will help meet Barack Obama 's pledge to end childhood hunger by 2015 .
This $ 4.5 billion , though the largest investment in federal child nutrition ever , falls short of Mr Obama 's proposal to spend $ 10 billion over ten years .
The bill allows for an increase of only six cents per meal ; not enough , according to Kirsten Gillibrand , New York 's junior senator .
She wants a 70 - cent increase and $ 4 billion each year .
The funding is badly needed .
One in three American children is overweight or obese .
Obesity is even affecting national security : a recent report estimates that 27 % of Americans of recruitment age are “ too fat to fight ” .
The new bill would mean more fresh fruit and vegetable purchases , a boost for Michelle Obama 's “ Let 's Move ” campaign against obesity .
The White House is determined to wipe out childhood obesity within a generation , and Mr Obama set up his own task - force as part of “ Let 's Move ” .
It released a 124 - page report on May 11th with 70 recommendations , including better federal nutrition standards and more funding for school meals .
Its battle against fat begins before birth : it advises women to watch their weight during pregnancy and encourages them to breastfeed .
The task - force is calling on the private sector to do its part too .
On May 17th Mrs Obama announced that the members of the Healthy Weight Commitment Foundation — food firms including Kellogg's , Mars and PepsiCo — have pledged to cut 1.5 trillion calories from their products by the end of 2015 .
It will be an uphill struggle .
During lunchtime at one Harlem school 's cafeteria
The Economist spotted a fizzy drink being passed around a table — covered in brown paper so the teachers would n't see .
Rental with driver Car ( Toyota Altis ) or Van ( Toyota Commuter 4D4 )
With driver
Private
Area in Phuket island only ( Working time : 6.00 - 23.00 hrs . )
We are service for car rental and van rental with driver in Phuket for you are travelling in Phuket or sightseeing the tourist place .
It ’s easy to your travel and safe your budget to charge by van or car .
It ’s not per person .
Our driver is polite and reliable for recommended your restaurant or the place where you are interest to go .
Phuket Transfer with driver or Private car or van with driver in Phuket .
Please see below details .
Safe Environment
In our warm , safe environment , men and women are welcomed with open arms as they get jobs , learn responsibility by participating in household chores , and gradually reintegrate into normal society .
We provide the structure that you need to fully recover .
Rules include obeying curfew , diligently working through the 12 steps , attending your meetings , finding a sponsor and regularly contacting sober supports .
At the same time , however , we allow you ample free time to enjoy our outdoor gym and barbecue area or to spend time at the beach , which is mere steps away from our location in the heart of Fort Lauderdale .
You are also at liberty to visit one of the many dining and shopping areas near the residence .
At Liberty House , you are more than just a number or a statistic .
We see you as a whole person with a story and a life , and as such , we are committed to helping you on an individual level .
Our supportive and caring staff is available 24 / 7 to hold you up as you continue your addiction recovery journey , so if you get a craving at 3 a.m. , we will be there .
We also provide you with an entire community of like - minded individuals who understand exactly what you are going through , and we require every client to cooperate and help those around them .
As a result , the bonds formed at Liberty House are strong , and residents develop friendships that endure even after they have transitioned into normal life .
High Values
Liberty
House maintains high values that are conducive to helping you become a better person and a productive member of society .
We believe that integrity and honor should be applied to all facets of life , no matter how trivial the circumstances may seem .
We are also convinced that addiction is a form of being in need , and one of the best ways to counter that is to be of service to others .
Also a result , we encourage our clients to develop a helpful attitude and to give freely to those in need .
We will work to impart the values of Liberty House to you through gentle mentoring until they are firmly fixed in your character and you practice them without thinking .
Our atmosphere is exceptionally conducive to recovery .
Facilities include gorgeous , apartment - style accommodations complete with furnishings ; tranquil , beautifully landscaped lawns ; and full laundry services .
Our common areas are comfortable and arranged in a way that facilitates conversation and fellowship .
We are within easy reach of public transportation , which means residents never have to worry about how they are going to get to work or AA and NA meetings .
For those who need extra support , individual counseling is available upon request .
There is no deadline for leaving Liberty house , and you are welcome to stay as long as you need our services .
The only requirement is that you follow all the house rules and continue to abstain from alcohol and drugs .
Compassion
Below is a summary of my presentation , The Renewables Gap ( PDF ) , from the ASPO - USA 2009 conference .
The intent of my presentation was to highlight the political challenge of affecting a societal transition to renewable sources of energy .
In particular , I focus on wind and solar , though it seems to me that the problem will be largely the same ( if not worse ) if we attempt to rely on other “ renewables . ”
My initial presentation focused on attempting to illustrate the Renewables Gap as an energy problem .
While I briefly addressed the political aspects of this problem in my presentation , on reflection I ’ve chosen to focus more carefully on this aspect of the Renewables Gap .
Frankly , I 've never been very pessimistic about our theoretical ability to adapt to peak oil .
It ’s what I fear we will actually do in response — or , rather , what we wo n’t do — that concerns me .
I feel the same way about our ability to transition to alternative sources of energy — the challenge that I ’ve termed the Renewables Gap .
I ’m quite confident that we have the theoretical ability to deal with the problem .
However , if you accept that “ politics ” is the process of allocating scarce resources in a society , then it is the political problem posed that appears most daunting .
Like many things involving peak oil , we ’re sure to have all the political will that we need to deal with the problem at only some point after our window of opportunity to act has closed .
The challenge is figuring out how to spread awareness of the nature of the problem and willingness to commit scarce resources to its solution before there is a crisis .
Here , again , my pessimism is grounded in what I fear we will not do .
I do n’t pretend to offer any easy solution ( the desire for which gives much insight into the nature of this very problem ) .
My goal here is only to provide a framework for thinking about this problem :
If we seek to mitigate peak oil with renewable energy , we need to first ask what do we need to mitigate .
My answer : the decline in NET energy produced from oil , not the decline in overall production .
If , hypothetically , 20 years from now we ’re producing 100 million barrels of oil per day , but it requires 100 million barrels of oil worth of energy input to do so , we have ZERO energy left for the operation of society at large .
From the perspective of a society attempting to maintain itself , this is functionally very similar to producing no oil at all .
Therefore , we must remain focused on the NET energy available to society .
What I want to quantify is the amount of net - energy that we need to replace going forward .
A “ classic ” peak oil decline graph shows a plateau , followed by a gradually accelerating decline .
Let ’s consider why that ’s so .
What happens when we hit a plateau — as we arguably have now ?
The existing fields are declining at rates between 3 % and 15 % per year .
But , because we ’re scrambling to bring new production on - line , the overall level of production is buoyed for some time .
We ’re compensating for this underlying decline with more expensive oil — both financially and energetically .
That keeps the level of OVERALL oil production steady , but the rate of NET energy production from oil is falling .
For the purpose of exploring the solution space of society ’s transition to alternative energy , I ’ve decided to frame the issue with two simple , exponential rates of NET energy decline : 5 % and 10 % per year .
The graph below shows these rates of decline starting from a hypothetical year zero ( because , again , my goal here is not to state that global peak net energy occurred in 2002 , 2020 , etc. ) .
I ’ll call these the “ low ” and “ high ” range scenarios .
Certainly this simple exponential function is overly simple , and these numbers may be higher or lower than many estimates .
That ’s fine — my goal here is to frame the issue , not to predict the future reality of global net energy production .
I ’ll be discussing the potential to use renewable wind and solar power to mitigate these rates of decline .
First , I ’d like to note the systemic effects of solar and wind energy ’s unique energy - return profiles : the vast majority of the energy invested in these sources comes up front , before they ever begin to generate .
Between 80 % and 90 % of the total energy ever required to build , operate , and maintain these systems must be invested UP FRONT .
I wo n’t discuss other renewables such as tidal , geothermal , nuclear , and biofuels at this time , though I welcome discussion of how these options may impact the solution space .
Next , it ’s necessary to point out what is obvious to many : these renewables produce ELECTRICITY , not oil .
I ’m talking here about using them to replace oil , so it ’s necessary to address conversion issues .
How many GWh are needed to replace 1 mbpd of oil production ?
A straight BTU - to - BTU conversion : replacing 1 million barrels of oil per day production , or 365 million barrels of oil per year , equates to 70.78 Giga - Watt - Years .
Clearly , however , oil and electricity are not the same thing .
Some people have suggested that you only need 1/3 this much electricity to mitigate peak oil because oil fired electricity generation can be only 33 % efficient .
I think that modern oil - fired electricity is actually somewhere between 50 % and 66 % efficient , but we need to explain the validity of using the BTU - to - BTU conversion :
First , because we need to replace oil , not electricity , and because relatively little oil is used to generate electricity , it ’s incorrect to use this oil - fired electricity efficiency number .
Second , our infrastructure is currently adapted to burning oil in many applications .
Therefore , to the extent we want to use renewably - generated electricity to replace this oil , we need to adapt this oil - burning infrastructure to electricity .
For example , if you want to replace transportation fuel with plug - in electric cars , you need to invest in significant new infrastructure in the form of cars , batteries , charging stations , etc .
Third , any form of mitigation using renewably - generated electricity will require significant additional investment in the transmission grid to handle higher loads and to balance or store electricity due to the variable availability of renewable generation .
I do n’t know if it ’s possible to calculate the exact energy balance here .
However , I ’ll assume for the present analysis that , in order to mitigate peak oil with renewably - generated electricity , we ’ll need to generate effectively the same number of BTUs of electricity as we ’re losing in oil .
Maybe slightly more , maybe slightly less , but I think the BTU - to - BTU figure of 70.78 Giga - Watt - Years per million barrels of oil per day lost is pretty close .
Another argument is that we do n’t need to produce as much energy renewably as we lose to peak oil because conservation and improved efficiency can largely make up the difference .
There ’s some truth here , but it ’s only ½ the equation .
That ’s because two factors — population growth and the desire of the world ’s poor to improve their standard of living — will cancel out some or all of the gains from efficiency and conservation .
For example , if population increases by 30 % over the next 20 years , that alone will negate a 23 % reduction in global per capital oil consumption .
Additionally , at least 5 Billion people and growing want to “ improve ” their level of energy consumption to Western levels .
In India , car sales are up 26 % over last year , to 120,000 cars per month .
Admittedly , these cars tend to be more efficient than in America , but this is new demand , and it far more than cancels out the fact that the Tata Nano gets 56 miles per gallon .
Similarly , on a global scale , Jeavons ’ Paradox will reduce the effectiveness of energy efficiency as a tool to reduce demand .
Finally , while markets or force may deny the world ’s poor access to Western levels of energy consumption , the geopolitical consequences of such disparity will actually serve to accelerate energy scarcity .
Another key question is : how much up - front energy input will be required to build out enough renewables to mitigate the decline in net energy from oil production ?
We know how much energy must be produced to meet this target , so the answer to this question is a function of the EROI and the lifespan of our renewable options .
Here , I ’m only evaluating wind and solar photovoltaic .
I recognize that many people hold the belief that wind and solar energy have very high EROI values on the order of 40 or 50 , and energy payback times on the order of months , not years , I ’ve chosen to use significantly lower EROI values for this analysis .
We could talk about this boundary and EROI calculation issue until we ’re all blue in the face — my intent here is not to argue that some specific number is correct , but rather to point out the uncertainty and potential range .
At the lower end of the range , I ’ve proposed a proxy of price to account for ALL inputs and outputs .
There are significant problems with this methodology , such as dealing with financing costs , but it has the distinct advantage of allowing us to account for all inputs — regressed infinitely — rather than drawing some sort of artificial boundary .
IF you look at modern wind turbines using the price proxy , you get something like an EROI of 4 .
I ’ll call that my “ low ” value .
Now let ’s consider more conventional calculations .
Wind seems to be most promising at the moment , and I ’m looking specifically at a 2009 paper by Kubiszewski , Cutler , and Endres entitled “ Meta - analysis of net energy return for wind power systems . ”
The authors review 50 different studies of wind EROI .
In a section entitled “ Difficulties in calculating EROI , ” they make this statement :
“ Studies using the input - output analysis [ one method of calculating EROI ] have an average EROI of 12 while those using process analysis [ another method ] an average EROI of 24 .
Process analysis typically involves a greater degree of subjective decisions by the analyst in regard to system boundaries , and may be prone to the exclusion of certain indirect costs compared to input - output analysis . ”
What I take away from that is that there seems to be a range of 12 - 24 , but the authors — a highly respected group — suggest that the “ 24 ” figure fails to account for many inputs .
That suggests to me that an EROI of 12 is more accurate .
For our purposes , though , my intent is to explore the solution space , so I ’ve selected what I think is an optimistic upper “ high ” EROI value of 20 .
I think this is unrealistically high — especially because this figure does n’t even account for the intermittency , transmission , and storage energy costs that must be considered in such a large - scale societal transition — but for now let ’s use 4 and 20 .
Feel free to recalculate using your own preferred numbers …
With apologies for the long introduction , here ’s the reveal :
How much energy must we invest if we want to ramp up renewable generation to keep pace with declining net energy from oil ?
This graph answers that question using a 5 % net energy decline and a renewable EROI of 20 .
In this scenario , to mitigate the year - 1 decline in net energy from oil , we ’d need to invest 467 GWy of energy in year one without any production in return — that ’s the equivalent of almost 7 million barrels per day .
Then in year two it ’s about 130 GWy more invested than cumulative production to that point , or about a 2 million barrel per day deficit .
Not until year - three will the cumulative renewable generation be more than the investment deficit for that year — meaning that not until year 3 will we begin to have surplus energy available to mitigate the actual decline in oil production ( which by this point leaves us 12 million barrels per day behind the peak oil decline curve .
That ’s the “ Renewables Gap . ”
And here ’s the pessimistic quadrant – 10 % net energy decline , and a renewables EROI of 4 :
In this pessimistic scenario , the up - front energy investment is more than 4,600 GWyears in year one .
That ’s 58 million barrels of oil per day diverted to renewable energy production .
Plainly impossible .
And the level of renewable energy production would n’t even catch up to the level of energy invested EACH YEAR until year 7 .
Here you can see the boundaries of the Renewables Gap — the optimistic assumptions on top , pessimistic on the bottom .
The lines represent , under each scenario , the net energy supplied by oil , minus the energy invested that year in building renewable energy production , plus the energy produced that year by the renewables brought on - line to date :
To be sure , we can slow the initial rate of investment in renewables in order to lessen this dramatic initial impact , but that option results in falling even further behind the net energy decline curve .
We can also bootstrap the energy produced by renewables to provide the energy required for the next round of renewables — if the EROI is 20 , this will work to some extent , but it will still have the effect of making us fall even further behind the decline curve .
If the EROI is 4 , it ’s simply unworkable — we never catch up .
Is it theoretically possible to close this gap more quickly ?
Sure — by investing more energy up front , which actually serves to exacerbate the problem over the short term .
We ’ll be chasing our tail .
It might be possible to catch up — to make a significant public sacrifice up front and kick start the program — IF the economy as a whole is healthy .
The Renewables Gap puts us in a Catch - 22 situation : using renewables to mitigate peak oil will make the situation worse before it makes it better .
Our ability to absorb the up - front costs of transitioning across this gap is a function of our economic health , but to the extent that our economy remains healthy enough to do so we are unlikely to muster the political will to address the problem .
Just to provide some context for the size of this gap :
Under the optimistic scenario , this is the equivalent of adding one new China to world oil demand immediately , and maintaining that for many years .
Under the pessimistic scenario , this is the equivalent of adding more than 9 new China ’s to world oil demand .
Now I recognize that there are energy conversion issues , there are calculation issues , there are timing issues — simply too many variables to make any definitive statements here .
But what I hope I ’ve highlighted here is this CONCEPT of the Renewables Gap problem , and the uncertainty of our ability to bridge that gap .
As a civilization , we still have a small and shrinking bank of net - energy surplus with which to build our future .
We have to make tough choices about how to spend it .
Perhaps our most fundamental choice will be this : do we spend it attempting to bridge the Renewables Gap — despite our uncertain ability to do so ?
Or do we consider whether that energy could be better spent building a fundamentally different future ?
Hopefully this analysis provides a useful framework for further analysis .
I recognize that some will dismiss this problem entirely with the argument that wind actually has an EROI of 75 and an energy payback time of 5 months .
At the risk of being inflammatory , that reminds me of a bumper sticker that says “ WARNING :
In event of rapture , this car will be unmanned . ”
My point is that , at least here and now , my intent is not to proselytize or attack and defend issues of faith .
Instead , I hope that , for some , this analysis highlights three important issues for further thought and debate :
1 . The energy requirements of a massive transition to a society much like ours but powered by alternative sources of energy .
2 . The political challenges of affecting such a transition .
3 . If # 1 or # 2 make such a transition either physically or politically impracticable , what then ?
Here are my Excel calculations for those who would like to plug in their own numbers ...
Two weeks after a border agent killed a father of five with a Taser , the F.B.I. OK ’s the U.S. Customs and Border Patrol murder of a Mexican teenager across the U.S. - Mexico border ( 0:48 ) :
A U.S. border patrol shot and killed Sergio Hernandez , a 14 - year - old Mexican high school student , Monday evening .
Amnesty International issued a statement — joining the Mexican government — in condemning the murder .
The agent was reportedly responding to “ a report of a group of suspected illegal immigrants being smuggled into the United States near the Paso del Norte port of entry , F.B.I. Special Agent Andrea Simmons said ” , CNN reported .
She confirmed that the border agent had rocks thrown toward him after he had detained Oscar Ivan Pineda Ayala and putting Augustin Alcaraz Reyes — two of the now - kidnapped migrants .
“ The agent then fired his service weapon several times , striking one subject who later died , ” she said and also confirmed the body was found on the “ Mexican ” side of the border , but that the shooting agent “ was on the U.S. side of the border and never left “ .
A photograph of the site , posted at The Raw Story ( via the Associated Press ) “ that the boy would have had to throw a rock a long distance and high enough to cross a fence to reach any border agents on the other side ” .
Amnesty International notes the murder of the teenage “ comes less than two weeks after the death of a Mexican immigrant who was tasered by U.S. border police while being deported at the San Yisidro border crossing in California ” .
Anastasio Hernández Rojas , a 42 - year - old married father of five , “ was brutally beaten and killed while in the custody of U.S. Border Patrol agents on Friday , May 28 ” , Russia Today reported last week .
After being deported over two months ago , Customs and Border Patrol kidnapped him again on the U.S. side of the border , beat him with a baton and shocked him with a Taser , Amnesty International said in a June 3 statement :
He reportedly stopped breathing shortly after being tasered and was pronounced brain dead in hospital some 21 hours later ; he was removed from a life support machine on Monday .
The San Diego medical examiner announced on Wednesday that he died of a heart attack , with signs of methamphetamine abuse and high blood pressure contributing factors ; the manner of death was ruled a homicide .
The amount of methamphetamine in his system was not reported .
EDIT : Tracy Wilkinson and Richard Serrano at the Los Angeles Times ( LAT ) wrote a generally worthless report on the killing of Sergio Hernandez .
It quotes Andrea Simmons quite a bit , but ignores her confirmation of which side of the border the boy ’s body was found .
The report only states that the boy ’s parents “ said he had finished eating , hooked up with some friends and was watching , from the Mexican side ” .
But it does add : “ Simmons acknowledged that the F.B.I. was not certain that the boy slain was among those throwing rocks . ”
Disappointing , as the LAT reporters and editors are usually pretty good at reporting on migrants and the border .
Also , the LAT relays the age of the young boy as 15 .
Unsure about the boy ’s actual birthdate , but age is culturally recognized in Latin America differently than it is on the Anglo - American side of the globe .
For example , the age of a newborn baby is generally recognized as ‘ one ’ ; therefore a year after his birth , his age would be recognized as ‘ two ’ as it would be his second actual birthday — the first being the day he was born , if this all makes sense .
Pretty sure , this was lost in translation .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Nick Griffin : " One law to Nick Griffin and one law to everybody else "
BNP leader Nick Griffin has been denied entry to a Buckingham Palace garden party over claims he " overtly " used his invitation for political purposes .
A spokesman said his behaviour had " increased the security threat and the potential discomfort " to other guests .
But Mr Griffin , who had been invited to the event along with all the UK's Euro MPs , told BBC News the ban was an " absolute scandal " .
The anti-immigration party 's other MEP , Andrew Brons , is attending the party .
Before the ban was imposed Mr Griffin , an MEP for North West England , described the Buckingham Palace invitation on the BNP website as a " highly symbolic breakthrough " for the party and e-mailed supporters asking for questions they would like him to ask the Queen .
Mr Griffin also appeared on GMTV to talk about his invitation to the garden party .
' No disrespect '
But , in a statement , Buckingham Palace said : " Nick Griffin MEP will be denied entry to today 's garden party at Buckingham Palace due to the fact he has overtly used his personal invitation for party political purpose through the media .
This in turn has increased the security threat and the potential discomfort to the many other guests also attending .
" Mr Griffin 's personal invitation was issued to him as an elected member of the European Parliament .
If he was using his invitation for inappropriate party political purposes , yes , the invitation should be withdrawn The Bloke Send us your comments
" The decision to deny entry is not intended to show any disrespect to the democratic process by which the invitation was issued .
However , we would apply the same rules to anyone who tried to blatantly politicise their attendance in this way . "
Mr Griffin told the BBC he would not try to attend the event .
But he said he believed he had been banned for giving TV interviews about the visit , saying : " It is an absolute scandal .
I represent a million voters in the North West .
This appears to be a rule invented for me . "
In a statement , Mr Griffin said : " Nowhere in the book of rules given to all attendees does it say anything about not giving media interviews and , of course , countless people have done precisely that in the past .
" This decision is an attack on the media and their right to report on important events of the day .
" It is an attack on the right of every person in Britain to get the news of current events reported by the media , and it is an attack on the one million plus patriots who voted for the BNP .
" The move has obviously been made under pressure from the Con - Dem regime who are desperate for any reason to bar the BNP . "
' No embarrassment '
As he was leaving BBC studios at Westminster , the BNP leader was confronted by human rights campaigner Peter Tatchell , who accused him of being a " gutless coward " .
The BNP leader had been set to attend a Palace garden party last year as a guest of BNP London assembly member Richard Barnbrook but pulled out after an outcry .
In an interview with GMTV on Thursday morning , he said had pulled out of last year 's garden party because of " immense pressure " put on the person who had invited him but insisted that this year he had been invited in his own right .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Campaigner Peter Tatchell confronts Nick Griffin outside BBC studios
" The Palace have made it very , very clear that they will not discriminate against any elected MEP and I think that 's the proper thing to do , so there 's no embarrassment there at all , " he said .
He said he was " pretty sure " he would not meet the Queen during the party and would not try to speak to her but added : " If we happen to meet over the sandwiches , of course I will . "
There are expected to be 8,000 guests at the event which will be hosted by the Queen and also attended by the Duke of Edinburgh .
Other members of the Royal Family who will be mingling on the Palace 's lawns include the Duke of York , The Duke and Duchess of Gloucester and the Duke of Kent .
In a separate development , Mr Griffin said the BNP has reached an out - of - court settlement with Unilever , makers of the savoury spread Marmite , but he denied press reports the party had paid the company up to £ 170,000 , saying it was the " tiniest fraction of this amount " .
Uniliver threatened legal action after the BNP pictured a jar of Marmite in an online version of a party election broadcast .
Mr Griffin said the spoof had been a response to a Marmite television advertisement , featuring the Hate Marmite Party , which he claimed was an " attack on the BNP " .
Unilever confirmed it had settled the case out of court , but said it would not be disclosing the details of the settlement .
Midfielder rules out Premier League move ...
Mesut Oezil will not be moving to the Premier League this summer after commiting his future to Werder Bremen
The 21 - year - old was one of Germany 's most influential players at the World Cup , scoring once and helping his country finish in third spot in the tournament .
Oezil 's performances have reportedly attracted interest from a host of top European sides , including Manchester United , Arsenal and Manchester City .
Spanish giants Barcelona are rumoured to have offered the youngster a chance to stay with Bremen until next season as well as offering two players to the club if he agreed terms now .
But Oezil says is happy in Germany , insisting he wants to see out the remainder of his contract , which expires in 2011 .
" Bremen want me to fulfil the contract and so do I , " he told Bild .
" I have always said that I want to fulfil my contract , that is important to me . "
Oezil is a nominee for the World Cup Golden Ball with the winner set to be announced after Sunday 's final between the Netherlands and Spain .
No trip to South Africa is complete without a visit to its most beautiful and sunniest city .
Durban offers much more than sandy beaches , safaris , casinos and the World Cup , for information on what to do and see , please click here .
Since I was a kid , every World Cup would bring the same ads : If Spain wins , your TV is FREE !
For decades , nobody ever won ... until this victory .
Now Toshiba is trying to weasel their way out of their get - your - money - back promotion .
Advertisement
" Si la Roja gana , tú ganas " said the ad in big honking letters in magazines , newspapers , and TV commercials .
If the Red — nickname for the Spanish soccer team — wins , you win .
Buy a Toshiba laptop with the last Intel Core i5 2010 processor , or a Toshiba TV and , if Spain wins the final we will give all your money back .
Advertisement
That was it .
Pretty clear and straightforward ... unless you read the small print , which was not available in any of the ads , only in the company 's web site .
There , the rules said that you had to register your product before June 17 to qualify .
Of course , almost nobody did that , because the ads themselves did n't say anything about registration or any requirement .
It was only : Buy our products and we will give your money back if Spain wins the final .
As a result , Toshiba customers and consumer associations in Spain are up in arms against the company , demanding their money back exactly like the ads said , no registration required .
The promotion sets the money back deadline to August 2 , which is not in the ads either , but in the website small print rules .
Click to viewOf course , Toshiba says that they are right and that they did n't have to advertise the need to register the product in the ads .
In fact , they suggest the current protests is all a conspiracy against their brand .
[ Muy Computer and Muy Computer ]
For Nintendo , the baddest bad word Is Kill .
Back in 1990 , I was the on - the - edge new - media - technology guy at the LucasArts Entertainment Company , a spin- off of George Lucas 's Lucasfilm Ltd. in Marin County , California .
Most of my work was ( if I may say so myself ) " out there , " but sometimes I would take on more mundane projects to help out .
One such project was the Nintendo version of Maniac Mansion , which was originally created for the Commodore 64 and the Apple II .
This was going to be LucasArt 's first Nintendo cartridge .
It was an important project , but management was overloaded and the project was slipping between the cracks .
I volunteered to manage its completion .
The original version of Maniac Mansion was designed by Ron Gilbert and Gary Winnick .
It is a graphic story game , in which you manipulate three teenagers in order to save Sandy the Cheerleader from Dr. Fred , whose mind is being controlled by an evil purple meteor from Outer Space .
I did n't contribute much to the original version beyond the package slogan :
His ambition was to rule the world ... one teenager at a time
It is usually necessary to make a game run on several different systems in order to gain access to a large enough audience to make it profitable .
The process of moving a game to another system is called conversion .
In the course of converting to the Nintendo system , we had to redesign all of the art in order to conform to Nintendo 's screen geometry .
We also made some changes to adapt the game to a younger audience .
We removed the bad words , meaning " The meteor is going to be pissed " was changed to " The meteor is going to be mad . "
Howie Rubin of Jaleco ( the company that was going to publish the game under license ) advised us that the baddest bad word is kill .
The central activity in most Nintendo games is killing things .
The image and the act are good , but the word is bad , even if the word does not suggest the image or the act .
The mansion contains a number of arcade - type video games .
One was called Kill Thrill .
The name had to be changed .
Doug Glen , our director of marketing , suggested that we change it to Muff Diver .
Unfortunately , I later became aware of the NES Game Standards Policy , which stated in part :
Nintendo will not approve NES cartridges ... with sexually suggestive or explicit content .
Yikes , Muff Diver would n't work .
In order to minimize the impact on the artwork , I needed to substitute another , less suggestive four - letter word that was compatible with Diver .
We settled on the word Tuna .
The standards go on to prohibit depictions of excessive and gratuitous violence , which would seem to ban any game in which your character met people , killed them , took their money , and then bought more weapons .
But in fact , most Nintendo games are still faithful to that theme , so we were confused by Nintendo 's policy .
In the Super Mario Bros. games , which are considered clean and wholesome , kids routinely kill creatures , and the only motivation is that they are there .
Clearly , interpreting the standard requires skills beyond mine .
There was stuff still in the mansion that I thought was suspect , but I could n't tell if it was out of bounds .
I put it all in a " Things in Maniac Mansion " list .
I gave the list to our friends at Jaleco , and they told me not to worry about it .
At that time , you submitted a finished game to Nintendo with a letter of credit .
If they accepted the game , they would tell you how many units they would manufacture for you , when , and at what price .
We submitted Maniac , hopeful that our labors were complete .
A month later we got a report from Nintendo of America 's censors :
NOA has discovered the following problems with this program version :
1 ) There are several places in the screen text that could be felt to be offensive to NES players .
Please ammend [ sic ] the following : " For a good time EDNA 3444 . "
This message is written on the wall in the shower in Dead Cousin Ted 's bathroom .
Obviously , you can't have " a good time " in a Nintendo cartridge .
We could n't erase the message completely because phoning Nurse Edna is an important event in the game .
We changed it to simply " Call Edna 3444 . "
..." getting your brains [ sic ] sucked out . "
This is from Dr. Fred 's first scene with Sandy .
Dr. Fred actually says " getting your pretty brains sucked out . "
They did n't state what their objection was .
Were they afraid that NES players would be offended by threats against an innocent woman , or by the mention of a vital body part ( brain , in this case ) , or by the horror of brain damage ?
No , it turned out that the language was too graphic .
I was told that changing sucked out to removed made it okay .
In the same spirit , we voluntarily removed the Disco Sucks poster from the Green Tentacle 's bedroom .
We also modified a medical poster in Dr. Fred 's office .
The caption on a detail of the head had read " Chewy Caramel Center . "
It now reads " Pretty Brains . "
... " Well , Mommy , I 'm worried about him .
Well , Mommy , I 'm worried
He has n't eaten in 5 years .
YEAH , SO and he 's been bringing those bodies , and he carries those bodies to the basement at night . " [ sic ]
This was from Weird Ed's dialogue with his mother , Nurse Edna , in which Ed tries to get his mother to recognize the terrible things that have happened to his father over the past twenty years .
What was Nintendo 's problem ?
Was it the brutal exposition of parental neglect in the disintegration of an American family ?
More likely , we thought they had a problem with the dead bodies in the basement , which were essential to the Frankenstein - parody flavor of the program .
In fact , Nintendo's interpretation of the speech was that Dr. Fred was eating the bodies .
That was never our intention , so we changed Ed's speech to " He has n't slept in 5 years , " which helps to explain why Dr. Fred is never seen in his bedroom .
But even if we had intended that Dr. Fred was a cannibal , what 's the harm ?
He would have been one under the influence of the evil purple meteor .
The game recognizes that it is bad , and your mission is to rescue him from this unhappy state .
Who would be offended ?
We expected to get nailed on Nurse Edna 's character .
Most of her speeches were sexually suggestive .
When she locks a boy in the dungeon , she says " I should have tied you to my bed , cutie . "
When she locks a girl in the dungeon , she 's says " You 're lucky you are n't a boy . "
In line with the Nintendo directive , she now says one of the following :
" You 'll be safe here until the police come . "
" Just wait until I talk to your mother . "
" I have half a mind to talk to my husband . "
I wanted her to comment on the Nintendo dogma by saying " You deserve to die , but I believe it is wrong to take any life , " but that might be viewed as a religious belief , and so held to be an anathema to racial , religious , or ethnic groups .
It is okay to seek out creatures and destroy them with fireballs , but it is not necessarily permissible to say that it is wrong .
Nurse Edna 's obscene phone language definitely had to go .
( When someone calls her from the phone in the library , she says " Is this a prank phone call ?
There 's no heavy breathing .
Let me show you how to do it . " )
I considered replacing it with " No , I do n't have Prince Albert in a can , why do you ask ? " but that still gives kids an example of abusive and illegal telephone behavior .
So instead , we have Edna confuse the caller with Dead Cousin Ted .
( Edna either never knew of or never accepted Ted 's death . )
When the phone rings , Edna assumes that it is Ted and starts talking .
Her number is unlisted .
Only
Ted had it .
A natural mistake .
...2 ) Also , there are several places where nudity needs to be removed : the posters in the gym , and the statue in the hall .
There were two posters in Dead Cousin Ted 's room : A swimsuit calendar , and a mummy poster .
The mummy is in a playmate pose , completely wrapped in bandages , no skin visible .
We ended up removing both .
The statue was a classical reclining nude .
I told one of the Nintendo minions that it was a Michelangelo ( the sculptor , not the turtle ) .
Then I sent Gary to find a book of Michelangelo 's work , in the hope that he had made a statue that was similar .
In fact he had , a work called Dawn , for the Medici Chapel .
Nintendo's minions said we could keep the statue if we did something about the crotch .
But if they could see pubic hair where there is none , what would they see if we tried to hide it ?
We removed the statue .
...3 ) There is also a reference at the end of the game to an " NES Scumm System " that we 're not sure we understand .
Please advise as to the meaning of this reference .
In the credits , which are shown after the conclusion of the game , there are two occurrences of the word Scumm , which stands for Script Creation Utility for Maniac Mansion .
Scumm is the story game development system that was used to produce Maniac .
They understood , and asked " What is NES Scumm ? "
That is the version of Scumm that we did for the Nintendo .
" Yeah , but it says NES Scumm .
What will people think ? "
I did n't know what people would think .
Now we 'll never know .
I took it out .
They did n't object to the nasty stuff that happens to the hamster ( you can order characters in the house to put the hamster in the microwave oven and blow it up ) .
Ron su__GG__ested that it was " just violence . "
People from Nintendo say with pride that the number of nasty letters they receive from special interest groups is declining .
They insist that their standards are not intended to make their products bland , but that is the inevitable result .
Part of the formal product submission includes a complete listing of all of the game text .
They scan that for occurrences of the bad words , but they are also looking for religious artifacts .
Nintendo is a jealous god .
LEICESTER , England , June 30 ( UPI ) --
The lord mayor of Leicester , England , has lost so much weight his pants fell down during an educational event for schoolchildren , attendees said .
Colin Hall was at a library in Leicester to participate in a Summer Showcase organized by a network of teachers to promote a better understanding of global perspectives when , upon standing to say thanks , his beltless trousers fell down , the BBC reported Wednesday .
Advertisement
Students from three local schools were present to see the unveiling .
A spokesman for Hall said the mayor " offered his deepest apologies " for the letdown .
" The Lord Mayor of Leicester , Councilor Colin Hall , attended a function at a local library yesterday where he suffered an unfortunate problem with his trousers , " the spokesman said .
" He was not wearing a belt and the trousers came loose and fell . "
Andrew Gerrand
6 June 2010
Below is the video of the talk given by Rob Pike and Russ Cox at Google I / O 2010 .
We tend to think of 3 - D as being a large display affair –movie screens , or more recently , widescreen televisions .
But last week Nintendo revealed the 3DS at E3 .
This next - generation handheld gaming device will feature a 3.53 ″ 3 - D display that does not require the use of viewing glasses .
At first glance , handheld devices might seem inferior for displaying 3 - D visuals compared to their large - screen counterparts .
But there are limitations to large , fixed displays that do n’t constrain handhelds .
In fact , ergonomically speaking , smaller devices may be the superior platform for 3 - D content .
For example , handled or mobile devices are intended to be viewed by a single person at a time , so the user can position the screen for optimal viewing .
This is n’t feasible when there are a lot of people at various positions around a TV – they ca n’t all be in the “ sweet spot . ”
Similarly , the most effective interaction with 3 - D content may be by having the display accessible at one ’s fingertips .
Keep in mind that small devices are indeed mobile , not just in their portability , but in their maneuverability .
A viewer can change the orientation of the device as a means of navigating 3 - D imagery and viewing it from different angles and perspectives , even putting the device down and moving around it 360 degrees .
A natural fit for 3 - D handheld applications would be augmented reality applications that superimpose location - specific information on real - world visual scenes .
3 - D arguably provides greater benefits on a smaller display device because it is a means to get beyond the limited real estate of the screen .
Instead of the horizontal and vertical screen dimensions , thoughtfully designed interfaces could allow users to navigate and review information in layers .
But herein lies the challenge of the small screen –the ability to expand into an entirely new visual dimension brings with it a whole new dimension of poor design and information overload .
Designers who have mastered information architecture in two dimensions will now need to expand their vocabulary to the third ( 3 - D banner ads , anyone ? ) .
This may seem like a natural step , after all , we navigate everyday in the 3 - D world .
But as with the design of gestural and natural interfaces , we must sufficiently understand human perception and behavior to make best use of these exciting technologies .
Do n't vote for sheep
MEG WHITMAN , who used to run eBay and now wants to run California , talks a lot about strengthening business .
She is already propping up the media industry .
Ms Whitman spent more than $ 80 m , mostly on television advertising , to win the Republican nomination for governor on June 8th .
Hardly had the confetti from the celebrations settled when she returned to the airwaves to promote her candidacy for November 's election .
The price of democracy in America has risen in recent years .
Kantar Media , which tracks political advertising , reckons $ 2.6 billion was spent on the 2008 general election — up from $ 1.7 billion four years earlier .
It thinks slightly more could be spent in this year 's mid-term contest .
In January the Supreme Court removed almost all limits on corporate political giving .
For television firms stumbling out of recession , it could not have come at a better time .
Michael O'Brien of E.W. Scripps , a television and newspaper firm , says Florida 's candidates began to advertise in the first quarter of this year — much earlier than usual .
The governor 's office and a Senate seat are up for grabs , with no incumbents running .
Such open races , of which America has an unusually large number this year , tend to be both competitive and expensive .
And a turbulent , anti-politics mood , stirred by the tea-party movement , is making even incumbents nervous .
Harry Reid , Nevada 's long - serving Democratic senator , is already running television ads .
Firms like Scripps and Sinclair Broadcast Group , which rely on local advertising , are the most obvious beneficiaries .
But money will flow more broadly , including to media giants like Walt Disney and News Corporation , which own television stations in the biggest , most lucrative markets .
There will be so much demand for local ad slots close to the mid-terms that commercial advertisers will be forced to spread their money around , to radio , cable television and national broadcast TV , says Evan Tracey of Kantar .
The only losers are the viewers , who must put up with the barrage .
Most political advertising is crude , and only inadvertently entertaining .
Carly Fiorina , a former boss of Hewlett - Packard who is running for the Senate in California , is at least providing some laughs .
Her ads , which are available on YouTube , depict opponents as flying saucers and demonic sheep .
Hostile advertising seems to work not so much by firing up a candidate 's own supporters but by suppressing the turnout for the other side .
Just 1.3 m Californians voted for Ms Whitman last week .
And each of those votes cost her more than $ 60 .
A large mineral deposit worth an estimated $ 1 trillion has been discovered in Afghanistan , Pentagon officials revealed today .
The find could change the nation 's economy , alter the war , and contains vast amounts of lithium — found in many of today 's batteries .
Advertisement
Better still , beyond batteries — rather unimportant when your country is war - torn Afghanistan ‐are the numerous jobs that this find could create as it forms what could — stress could — be one of the world 's largest mining operations .
An internal Pentagon memo , for example , states that Afghanistan could become the " Saudi Arabia of lithium , " a key raw material in the manufacture of batteries for laptops and Blackberries .
The vast scale of Afghanistan 's mineral wealth was discovered by a small team of Pentagon officials and American geologists .
The Afghan government and President Hamid Karzai were recently briefed , American officials said .
While it could take many years to develop a mining industry , the potential is so great that officials and executives in the industry believe it could attract heavy investment even before mines are profitable , providing the possibility of jobs that could distract from generations of war .
- The New York Times
Advertisement
Huh .
So how about that .
From the arid nothingness of the Afghan countryside comes one of the most important mineral finds in recent memory .
Some restraint is necessary here , and U.S. / Afghanistan officials are mindful of how factions like the Taliban might see the deposit as a power play .
China also looms large , and U.S. officials , according to the New York Times , are wary that that nation might try and influence or even control the potentially massive mineral trade .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Oh , and there 's little to no major manufacturing facilities in Afghanistan , which will make processing the lithium , iron , copper , cobalt , gold incredibly difficult .
Um , and many of the minerals are also in areas of the country where fighting has been the most intense , like the south and east .
Still , good news is hard to find in Afghanistan these days , so I , for one , will attempt to remain positive that the plethora of " if's " that surround this bizarre breaking news will resolve peacefully .
Is there really a choice ?
[ New York Times Image : NYT ]
Guys , Dolls , and Feminism
Feminsts efforts to get boys to play with dolls was n't wasted after all . .
Turns out these days , after puberty has past and bank accounts have filled , more and more men are beginning to play with dolls , $ 8,000 sex dolls that is , in the privacy of their own homes .
Feminists everywhere should be screaming , “ Hooray for sex dolls ! ”
Three waves of feminism later , everything you ladies , and selected gentleman worked hard for has arrived .
All you Baby Boomers and Baby Busters told yourselves you would be the ones that would change the world .
You were going to rip that G.I .
Joe action figure from your son ’s hands and replace it with a Barbie … wait that ’s too objectifying .
How about a Bratz ?
Nope they look like whores .
Hell I do n’t know , some kind of doll .
But sadly , you found out that unless everyone was paralleling your actions , you would n’t be able to get your son ’s dirty fingers around that busty blonde Barbie — unless no one was looking .
But maybe your efforts were n’t wasted after all .
Turns out these days , after puberty has past and bank accounts have filled , more and more men are beginning to play with dolls , $ 8,000 sex dolls that is , in the privacy of their own homes .
And here are some reasons third wave feminists , just might find this techno - sexual revolution empowering .
Let ’s start with the pornography .
First you may need a quick background in feminism .
Second wave feminists said pornography led to violence .
Third wave and sex - positive feminists had the balls to say , hey second wavers , not all porn is rape .
Some porn is just sex !
Good old fashioned sex .
Hell , half of it is almost missionary anyways .
Do n’t act like you have n’t flicked the bean , second wavers .
So in this sense , when a man is willing to pay eight large for even a speck of what a woman offers , take it as a compliment .
I ’ll put it this way : remember the guitar you wanted one Christmas ?
You wanted to make beautiful music .
So you learned some chords and strummed some rhythms , but when you put on Clapton you could n’t top it .
Ultimately , it made you appreciate his work that much more .
Ladies , you ’re like a beautiful instrument .
Some men might want a sex doll — hell a few might even fall in love with them — but my guess is after awhile , they ’re going to learn that these dolls do n’t have emotions and intelligence , or anything else we value as human , so what ’s the worry ?
See it as a practice for men , warming up for the big show : You !
And let ’s not be hypocrites ladies — that ten inches of plastic you have in your sock drawer has n’t stopped you from going on any dates , has it ?
The way I see it , the sex doll is just the male response to the dildo .
A little revenge for the times you were too tired from the plastic stallion .
As for the idea of objectification , to second wave feminists it could be said that at least the entire body is presented and not just select parts , which is certainly not honoring women .
It ’s also more than can be said for female toys .
You know men are more than just inches of vibrating plastic , right ?
And to third wave feminists who embrace objectification and consumerism — well , enough said .
Do n’t forget that sex dolls are equal opportunity ; meaning , there are sex dolls for women too .
And in all fairness , I would prefer women used the rubber stud over the dildo , so we ’re not objectified too .
Feministly thinking , male sex dolls may just be the most empowering thing for feminism since it eliminates the need to pleasure a man , and instead a woman can focus on her needs , and hers alone .
So men grab your dolls , women grab your six - foot action figure ,  and let ’s agree that this techno - sexual revolution could be an empowering step in the right direction .
It really is n’t too far off the path we were already on ; I mean do n’t all human relationships eventually lead to lifeless robotic sex anyways ?
OLPC XO-3
OLPC has always envisioned itself as saving the world , one laptop - armed child at a time .
Their initial attempts with the XO laptop had to overcome economic and political obstacles , but somehow , building a super - thin tablet that can do everything will make it all better .
If not , it will at least look really cool .
None of this is surprising .
What is surprising , however , is the specs on their promised tablet : “ multilingual , multitouch - screen keyboard with haptic feedback , Wi-Fi , high - quality video ( 1080 p full - HD encode and decode ) , integrated video and still cameras , high - performance 3D graphics , Flash 10 Internet , and two - way teleconferencing . ”
All of this will be squeezed into a cardboard - thin tablet and sell for $ 100 .
OLPC further promises that early models will run Google ’s Android operating system , but later versions will run another open source Linux OS of their choice .
The original XO laptop ran Sugar OS , a Linux mash - up of their own creation .
But Microsoft screamed bloody murder and managed to convince them to also offer Windows XP versions , lest the poor children of the developing world never have the chance to hear the Windows chimes .
What they have promised in 2011 is not the final release but rather the prototype to be unveiled at CES ( Consumer Electronics Show ) .
If they do manage to accomplish their goals and make a tablet that resembles their mockups , it will be revolutionary .
While screens with OLED technology can be extremely thin , the accompanying processing power necessary for 1080 p HD and 3D graphics would make for one hot little piece of plastic , literally .
[ youtube ILMzuS2qZfc 500 375 ]
Nevertheless , OLPC and their new partners , Marvell , are eternally optimistic , and no one can deny that they have managed a decent amount of success , considering the obstacles they have faced .
The goal with this device , like the XOs before it , is to reach developing countries and provide children who would not otherwise have computers , or in some cases even textbooks , with portable devices designed with education in mind .
The early versions will look more like the Marvell Moby than the mockups pictured , but the XO - 3 is still scheduled for release in 2012 .
Tags : Marvell , OLPC , OLPC XO - 3 , XO - 3 tablet
Learn Web Design Right From Your Own Home !
Beginner Web Design Courses Teach You How !
Have you ever thought about starting an exciting career as a webmaster ?
Or maybe you just want to create pages for your own personal or business site .
Now you can !
Learn from simple beginner web design courses to help you get started .
Go Here to Get Your FREE Web Design Tips & Gift ..
“ I purchased this beginner web design training course online and it has taught me more than college classes ! ” — Pete Kessler Read more …
Catholics Mount Campaign to Light Up Empire State Building for Mother Teresa 400,000 Catholics petition Empire State Building to light up for famed nun .
June 10 , 2010  -- A Catholic group is rallying its troops after it says New York 's Empire State Building " stiffed " Mother Teresa , denying a request to light up the landmark in blue and white lights , to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Nobel Peace Prize winner 's birth .
" To stiff Mother Teresa while giving this honor to every other Tom , Dick and Harry is not going to sit well with Catholics , " said Bill Donohue , president of the Catholic League , which initiated the request for the commemorative lighting .
The upper floors of the Empire State , New York 's tallest building , are often lit in festive colors for special occasions .
Three months after the Catholic League , which is considered a conservative group , submitted its application , its leaders say they were stunned to receive a rejection .
No explanation was given .
Since then , Donohue , a well - known and often polarizing figure involved in Catholic American politics for nearly two decades , has mounted an ever - louder campaign to convince the building 's owners to reverse their decision .
The league has now gathered 40,000 signatures , enlisted the support of several New York City Council members -- including the council 's speaker -- and has vowed to gather thousands of Catholics to demonstrate on the street outside the Empire State Building on Aug. 26 , Mother Teresa 's birthday , and the date of the hoped - for lighting commemoration .
Malkin Holdings , the building 's owner , was silent on the matter until Wednesday , releasing a statement just before two City Council members held a press conference on the steps of City Hall .
They announced a council resolution asking Malkin to reverse course .
The terse , written statement from Anthony Malkin , CEO and president , said the Empire State Building celebrates Easter , Eid al Fitr , Hanukkah , and Christmas , with themed lighting , and , " As a privately owned building , ESB has a specific policy against any other lighting for religious figures or requests by religions and religious organizations . "
The Catholic League and its allies called the long - awaited statement less than illuminating .
" Malkin is either misinformed or he is lying , " said Donohue , who said that John Cardinal O'Connor 's death was recognized with red and white lighting in 2005 .
The death of Pope John Paul II was marked with a dimming of the lights overnight .
The company now known as Malkin Holdings took over the Empire State Building in 2006 , but some iteration of the company has held ownership in the building since 1961 , when Anthony Malkin 's grandfather purchased it with Harry Helmsley .
The company does not post information on its website about how it chooses from among the voluminous applications it receives each year .
Several calls to a company spokesman were not returned .
In 2009 , Anthony Malkin told the New York Times in 2009 , " We try to use the lighting to celebrate everybody who thinks highly of the building .
We do important Western holidays , we have fun with the Mets versus the Yankees or the Jets versus the Giants . "
More unexpectedly , in 2008 , the tower lit up in pink , purple and white on the occasion of Mariah Carey 's new album .
It has also been lit in conjunction with AIDS , breast cancer , and other health - awareness events .
In May , the tower was lit for the Salute to Israel parade .
It was once colored tie - dye in honor of a Grateful Dead exhibition , and later this month , it will light up lavender and white for Gay Pride Week .
Perhaps most galling to the Bill Donohue and the Catholic League was last year , when the tower was lit in red to recognize the 60th anniversary of the People 's Republic of China , " Even though 77 million innocent men , women and children were murdered under Mao Zedong , '' said Donohue .
While the selection process seems cloaked in secrecy , one example of an application denied became public last year , when an Iranian activist group applied to have the top of the building bathed in green light to protest Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who was visiting the United Nations at the time .
That group was given no explanation for the denial , according to a Wall Street Journal article , which also said that Malkin tries to stay out of political disputes .
The Iranian activists got their green lights anyway , thanks to some fortuitous timing : the Iranian president 's visit coincided with the " Emerald Gala , " in honor of the 70th anniversary of the release of The Wizard of Oz .
The controversy over commemorating Mother Teresa has many scratching their heads .
" This is not a religious request , '' said City Councilman Peter Vallone Jr. , one of the authors of today 's resolution .
" Mother Teresa is possibly the greatest humanitarian the world has ever seen . "
Privately , some close to the controversy are saying that Anthony Malkin has a personal beef with Donohue .
But Donohue says he had never heard of Malkin prior to the rejection and he surmises that it may have more to do with anti-Catholic sentiment .
" It smacks of bigotry , '' he said .
" Given the fact that Mr. Malkin is identified with the pro-choice community , it 's not a great leap of faith to conclude that it's his pro-abortion passion that has something to with his decision to stiff Mother Teresa .
We 've seen this before .
It does n't take a rocket science to connect the dots "
The Malkin Fund gave more than $ 4 million to nearly 400 charitable organizations in 2008 , the latest year for which tax filings are publically available .
The donations included small sums to reproductive rights groups .
Mother Teresa , a Catholic nun of Albanian origin , has been recognized worldwide for her humanitarian work on behalf of the poor , the homeless , people with HIV and AIDS , leprosy , orphans and others in need .
But she was also controversial for her work opposing abortion and contraception .
It was not going to be a typical cup of coffee .
I sat in Cafe di Luna , an intimate little coffee shop at 1004 N. Third Street in Harrisburg 's evolving midtown neighborhood , waiting to sample the world 's most expensive coffee .
A word of explanation .
I ’m a coffee guy .
Given a choice in a restaurant , I will almost always have either coffee or water , or both .
But I ’m no connoisseur .
I spent a lot of my life swilling down inky liquids in truck repair shops and can honestly say I ’ve choked down some of the worst java on the planet for the sake of the caffeine .
But I prefer the good stuff .
Just plain coffee , usually with cream , thanks .
None of this sugary , dressed - up stuff for me , thanks .
This is not a stance of machismo .
I just have too much respect for the bean .
It ’s all about the bean , says Ambreen Esmail , the radiant owner of the shop .
She can , and sometimes does , go on at great length about the differences and similarities between what turns out to be hundreds or thousands of different kinds of coffee .
All this to a guy who thought there were only three : regular , decaf and instant .
( Instant , in my book , is to be used only the way a first - aid kit is to be used , when something has gone wrong and there are no bullets on which to bite . )
So , the coffee was brewing .
The coffee is called kopi luwak .
In one sense , it comes from Indonesia .
In another sense , it comes from somewhere else .
More on that in a moment .
Did I mention that it ’s the most expensive coffee in the world ?
Try about $ 150 per pound .
Give or take .
That works out to about $ 10 a cup .
Feeling awake yet ?
That ’s what I thought .
Now , the really interesting thing is where kopi luwak comes from .
Yes , I know .
I said it comes from Indonesia .
I meant “ where it comes from ” in a somewhat more intimate sense .
The kopi luwak is made with the help of paradoxurus hermaphrodites , or the
Asian palm civet , a creature known in the native lingo as the luwak .
Did I hear an " uh - oh , " out there ?
The luwak is a cute little thing , sort of like a cross between a ferret and a monkey , and about that size .
I do n’t know if they make good pets .
The luwak eats fruit .
Apparently , its favorite nom - nom of all is the fruit of the coffee tree or bush or whatever it is .
The coffee fruit is called a cherry , because it pretty much resembles that fruit .
The luwak eats the cherries because it obtains nutrition from the fruit pulp .
Its body has no use for the pit of the fruit , which we think of as the coffee bean .
You see where this is going , right ?
Take a flashlight .
It ’s dark down there .
Anyway , the coffee cherry wends its way through the luwak ’s little gut .
The fruit pulp gets digested and the pit does n’t .
It does get changed , mind you ; digestive enzymes seep into the beans and do some things that would only interest a chemist .
And then , the beans , um , see daylight again .
The luwak emissions are then collected by somebody who I would guess is fairly low on the coffee plantation ’s pecking order , washed , dried in the sun , roasted lightly , packed and sent off to coffee connoisseurs around the world .
First , let me say I am probably thinking the same thing that you are .
Who , in the name of all that ’s holy , was the first to look down at a hot little pile of luwak doo and think : “ Hey , I ’ll bet that would make a good cuppa joe ! ”
I think whoever it was may have been related to the first person who looked at artichokes and lobsters and uttered similar words .
In their native conditions , the one has the shape and general hardness of a fragmentation grenade , and the other looks like a large bug with entirely too many legs and a fondness for dead things it finds on the sea floor .
But , cooked right and dipped in drawn butter …oh , my .
Surprisingly , the same is true of the kopi luwak , without the butter .
The research I did on the bean said the changes wrought in the luwak ’s little gut made the coffee made from the beans much less bitter , though passing through the gut of a tree - dweller would probably leave me pretty doggone bitter , to say the least .
So , back to the tasting .
Ambreen brought out a variety of mugs – I do n’t think she has two that are exactly alike – and served everybody their first cup of kopi luwak .
It looked like – dare I say it ? – coffee .
Sort of reassuring and disappointing at the same time , if you know what I mean .
I had smelled some of the roasted but unground beans earlier , and they had smelled … good .
Not exactly like other coffee beans , but not terribly unlike , either .
The kopi was lighter than the dark roasts I prefer , but not as light as the weak brews one gets in most restaurants .
I picked up my mug .
The people in the room were making jokes about the “ monkey butt coffee . ”
I sipped .
Hmmmm .
I sipped again .
Not bad .
In fact , quite good .
Aromatic , more gentle on the taste buds than the coffees I prefer , but , even so .
Not something I ’d order regularly – not at 10 bucks a pop --- but definitely a great cup of java .
Everybody in the room was nodding , smiling .
Not to be ignored is the “ cool ” factor , of course .
Whenever anybody reads about kopi luwak and mentions it , we can all say , “ oh , I ’ve had that . ”
But , honestly , I left the little shop on Third thinking I ’d love to have just a little of it with me on my next trip to Maine .
A good steaming cup of kopi , a nice lobster and a side of artichoke .
Oh , my .
In her lengthy questionnaire ( PDF ) for the Senate Judiciary Committee , new Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan discussed the " ten ( 10 ) most significant litigated matters which you personally handled . "
They 're an odd bunch of cases , involving the National Enquirer , Uri Geller , and the RIAA , for whom Kagan worked on an amicus brief in the notorious 2 Live Crew rap obscenity trial .
Kagan describes her work for the RIAA this way : " We filed an amicus brief in the US Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit on behalf of the Recording Industry Association of America and numerous record companies , challenging the decision of the district court that a musical recording was obscene under the standard set forth by the Supreme Court in Miller v. California .
I drafted the brief in the case , which stressed the difficulty of holding music obscene under prevailing constitutional law . "
This nationally known case involved none other than Jack Thompson , the now - disbarred - in - Florida lawyer who has spent years going after violent video games .
Back in 1989 , Thompson led an " obscenity " charge against 2 Live Crew 's album As Nasty As They Wanna Be , and the state eventually charged a music store with obscenity for selling it .
The album saw tremendous sales thanks to the controversy , though a federal judge did declare the album obscene .
Kagan got involved when the case was appealed , as the RIAA wanted to make sure its products were n't in the habit of being censored .
The recording industry won the appeal , and the Supreme Court refused to hear it further .
The case fit with Kagan 's interests at the time .
As she notes in the questionnaire , " Between 1991 and 1995 , I wrote primarily about issues of free expression .
My major work at this time proposed a theory of the First Amendment focused on the nature of governmental motives underlying speech restrictions . "
Several of Kagan 's other important cases dealt with speech issues .
She represented the National Enquirer , a sensational tabloid that was accused of libel by " a person mistakenly identified in the publication as being [ pentecostal minister ] Jimmy Swaggert ’s father ...
We eventually settled the case on terms favorable to our client . "
Then there was Byrd v. Randi , in which " we represented defendant Montcalm Publishing Corp .
in a libel action arising from an allegation that the plaintiff was in prison for child molestation . "
McClatchy Newspapers sums up the case :
Sometimes , Kagan played a more prominent role , as in a dispute that pitted " The Amazing Randi " against Eldon Byrd .
Randi made his mark by attacking spoon - bender Uri Geller 's claims of having psychic powers .
In the late 1980s , Randi called Byrd , an ally of Geller 's who'd been put on probation for distributing sexually explicit material , a child molester .
Byrd sued for libel , naming Randi and the publishers of his allegations .
Representing Montcalm Publishing , the publisher of The Twilight Zone magazine , Kagan drafted motions and argued before the Baltimore - based trial judge .
She stressed broad First Amendment principles , such as when an individual 's reputation already was tainted enough to be libel - proof .
Standing up for 2 Live Crew , the National Enquirer , and The Amazing Randi — Kagan certainly worked on some colorful cases in her early years as a lawyer , though her own involvement seems limited to discovering , writing , and researching .
She soon entered academia , moving to the University of Chicago and then to Harvard Law , where she served as dean and oversaw a whole new host of colorful personalities , including Jonathan Zittrain , Lawrence Lessig , and Charles Nesson .
Malick fans rejoice : The Criterion Collection , known for its special feature - laden , artfully packaged editions of “ important classic and contemporary films , ” is releasing The Thin Red Line on DVD and Blu-ray on September 28th of this year .
This will be the second of Malick ’s films to receive the treatment –the first being 1978 ’s Days of Heaven–and it ’s an act sure to please the vocal minority that has long championed this film , which to date has seen only the most basic release on DVD .
Not included , I ’m sad to say , is the supposed five - hour - long version of the film with cut scenes featuring the likes of Martin Sheen , Mickey Rourke , Viggo Mortensen , Bill Pullman , and narration by Billy Bob Thornton .
Full list of disc features after the jump .
New , restored high - definition digital transfer , approved by director Terrence Malick and cinematographer John Toll ( with DTS - HD Master Audio on the Blu-ray edition )
New audio commentary featuring Toll , production designer Jack Fisk , and producer Grant Hill
Outtakes from the film
Video interviews with several of the film ’s actors , including Kirk Acevedo , Jim Caviezel , Tom Jane , Elias Koteas , Dash Mihok , and Sean Penn
New video interview with casting director Dianne Crittenden , featuring original audition footage
New interview with composer Hans Zimmer
New video piece featuring interviews with editors Billy Weber , Leslie Jones , and Saar Klein
An interview with writer James Jones ’s daughter Kaylie Jones
World War II newsreels featuring footage from Guadalcanal and the Solomon Islands
Original theatrical trailer
PLUS : A booklet featuring an essay by film critic David Sterritt and a 1963 essay by James Jones on war films
Washington , D.C. - On Wednesday , June 30 , at 2:15 p.m. , a federal court in Washington , D.C. , will hear oral argument from the Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) about dividing up the mass copyright infringement lawsuits that improperly and unfairly target thousands of BitTorrent users .
A Washington , D.C. , law firm calling itself the " U.S. Copyright Group " ( USCG ) has filed " John Doe " lawsuits on behalf of seven filmmakers that implicate well over 14,000 anonymous individuals in alleged unauthorized downloading of independent films , including " Far Cry " and " The Hurt Locker . " EFF and co-amici Public Citizen and the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) Foundation contend that these suits improperly lump thousands of defendants together , a shortcut that deprives the defendants of fair access to individual justice .
In court on Wednesday , EFF Senior Staff Attorney Corynne McSherry will argue that USCG has not offered enough evidence of a relationship between the defendants to justify suing them together .
The stakes are high for anyone identified in USCG 's slipshod cases .
USCG 's strategy appears to be to threaten a judgment of up to $ 150,000 per downloaded movie -- the maximum penalty allowable by law in copyright suits and a very unlikely judgment in cases arising from a single , noncommercial infringement -- in order to pressure the alleged infringers to settle quickly for $ 1,500 - $ 2,500 per person .
Earlier this month , EFF , the ACLU , and Public Citizen filed an amicus brief in three of these cases , outlining how the lawsuits flout the legal safeguards that protect individuals ' rights .
WHAT :
Achte - Neunte v. Does
West Bay One v. Does
WHEN :
Wednesday , June 30
2:15 p.m .
WHERE :
United States District Court for the District of Columbia , Courtroom 2
333 Constitution Avenue , N.W .
Washington , D.C. 20001
For more on these cases :
http://www.eff.org/cases/achte-neunte-v-does
Contact :
Corynne McSherry
Senior Staff Attorney
Electronic Frontier Foundation
corynne@eff.org
Quit whining about your commute .
It is n't that bad , even for you Angelinos and New Yorkers .
Your daily slog through traffic is nothing compared to Moscow , where people might spend more than three hours sucking exhaust fumes while going nowhere fast .
Even that pales compared to New Delhi , where 96 percent of drivers say their commute is so hellish it harms their health .
And you 'll get no sympathy in Beijing , where traffic can get so bad that almost 7 out of 10 drivers have at some point said , " Screw this " and gone home .
Number - crunchers at IBM Research surveyed 8,192 motorists in 20 cities , and – no surprise – most of them think traffic has only grown worse during the past three years .
More than half said gridlock has wreaked havoc on their physical or mental health .
One - third said it is undercutting their productivity at work or school .
As IBM notes , mounting congestion is relatively new phenomenon in emerging markets where the economy is growing faster than the infrastructure .
That stands in contrast to cities like New York , Houston and Los Angeles , where growth has occurred over time , allowing traffic engineers to at least try to keep up .
But no matter the cause , we can't pave our way out of this .
" Traditional solutions – building more roads – will not be enough to overcome the growth of traffic in these rapidly developing cities , so multiple solutions need to be deployed simultaneously to avoid a failure of the transportation networks , " says Naveen Lamba , who has the unusual title of IBM global industry lead for intelligent transportation .
" New technologies are required that empower transportation officials to better understand and proactively manage the flow of traffic . "
You 'd expect IBM to say that since it is developing just that sort of technology .
But the numbers back it up .
China is the world 's largest auto market , and traffic volume in Beijing is growing 10 percent annually .
Moscow says unsnarling its roads will cost $ 6.5 billion .
The average traffic speed in New Delhi will fall from 15 km / hr to just 5 by the end of next year .
The list goes on .
IBM used the results to compile a " Commuter Pain Index , " which ranks the emotional and economic toll of commuting .
The index is a measure of 10 criteria , from the amount of time spent sitting in traffic to the frequency with which people simply gave up and went home .
Here it is , by the numbers :
Some highlights , or maybe we should say low points , from the study :
Forty - nine percent of respondents say traffic has gotten worse in the past three years and 18 percent say it is a lot worse .
Oddly , 16 percent of those surveyed in Beijing and 17 percent of those in New Delhi say things have improved .
Almost nine in 10 respondents say they 've sat in gridlocked traffic at some point during the past three years .
The average delay was 1 hour , but Muscovites wish it was that long .
They 're used to spending an average of 2.5 hours sitting still in the worst tie-ups .
Forty percent said they 've spent three hours or more in stymied traffic .
Thirty - one percent of respondents said they 've encountered traffic so bad they simply turned around and went home .
That number climbed to 69 percent for residents of Beijing .
Here in the United States , 85 percent of respondents say traffic is as bad or worse now than it was three years ago .
But that does n't mean they 're about to change their behavior .
More than 8 in 10 people drive solo to work – compared to 50 percent for the rest of the world – and only 3.1 percent carpool .
Perhaps that 's why we spend more money driving than we do on groceries .
IBM 's web - based survey , conducted by Survey Sampling International in 2008 and 2009 and released today , has a margin of error of plus or minus 2 points overall and plus or minus 5 points when comparing cities .
Respondents were drivers between 18 and 65 years old .
Photo of just another traffic jam in Moscow : Leszek Golubinski / Flickr
Transcript :
Tom the Dancing Bug by Ruben Bolling Hey , Kids !
Interested in SCIENCE ?
Man : here 's an experiment YOU can try !
Man :
There 's a current " scientific " theory that because , on average , WHITES score 15 POINTS higher than BLACKS on I.Q. TESTS , they are inherently , genetically SMARTER than blacks !
Let 's test that theory !
Here 's the experiment : 1 . Kidnap a bunch of white Americans and send them over to Africa on a slave ship .
2 . Force them and their descendants into slave labor for about 100 years .
Make sure to break up families and disallow education .
3 . Then set them free , but subject them to horrific discrimination and oppression for another century or so .
4 . Then give them I.Q. tests designed by privileged black Africans .
Man :
If they still score 15 points higher than blacks , you 've proven the hypothesis !
Man :
Have fun , kids !
AND remember to get your parents ' permission before doing the experiment !
WASHINGTON  President Obama , whose vilification of insurers helped push a landmark health care overhaul through Congress , plans to sternly warn industry executives at a White House meeting on Tuesday against imposing hefty rate increases in anticipation of tightening regulation under the new law , administration officials said Monday .
The White House is concerned that health insurers will blame the new law for increases in premiums that are intended to maximize profits rather than covering claims .
The administration is also closely watching investigations by a number of states into the actuarial soundness of double - digit rate increases .
“ Our message to them is to work with this law , not against it ; do n’t try and take advantage of it or we will work with state authorities and gather the authority we have to stop rate gouging , ” David Axelrod , Mr. Obama ’s senior adviser , said in an interview .
“ Our concern is that they not try and , under the cover of the act , get in under the wire here on rate increases . ”
The law does not grant the federal government new authority to regulate health care premiums , which remains the province of state insurance departments .
But with important provisions taking effect this summer and fall , the Obama administration has repeatedly reminded insurers  and the public  that it will expose industry pricing to what the health secretary , Kathleen Sebelius , has called a “ bright spotlight . ”
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
In Uganda , plans to introduce draconian new laws against homosexuality look likely to go ahead despite mass protests , a major petition , and condemnation from the international community .
The bill , which proposes the death penalty for so - called ' serial offenders ' , has already been described as ' odious ' by President Obama .
A senior minister in Kampala has suggested that the death penalty could be replaced with life imprisonment .
John Simpson reports from Kampala .
Determined to one - up the various smoking babies , a Florida mother posted a photo of her child taking a hit off a bong on Facebook .
She says , " I would never ever ever let him get high , " but police are investigating . [ Sun ]
Advertisement
As wishlists go , it was both visionary and practical , but more than anything it reveals the scope and almost limitless ambition of science in the 17th century .
In 24 handwritten notes , Robert Boyle , co-founder of the Royal Society , set forth the most pressing problems for scientists to solve .
The issues ranged from the secret of eternal youth and healing wounds from afar , to the construction of an unsinkable ship and the ability to harness the power of the hysterical .
The list was drawn up in the 1660s , soon after the Royal Society was formed , and goes on public display for the first time next week as part of an exhibition at the scientific body 's London premises to celebrate its 350th anniversary .
Boyle 's notes appear alongside rare and previously undisplayed manuscripts , instruments , portraits and books that chart the history of science from the society 's earliest days .
Among them are the first sketches of nebulae by Sir John Herschel , who visited South Africa with a telescope in the 1830s , and Newton 's death mask .
Boyle was an enduring and influential figure who brought great minds into the fold of the organisation .
His wishlist for scientists begins , simply , with " The Prolongation of Life " , a laudable goal considering life expectancy at birth at the time was less than 40 years old .
Boyle also ponders the development of a means to recover youth , or at least some of its outward signs .
Perhaps false teeth and hair colouring will one day be possible , he speculated .
Many of the problems
Boyle set out had clear practical applications , such as perfecting " the art of flying " .
It was nearly a century since Leonardo da Vinci had sketched out designs for ornithopters , but it would be another century yet before the Montgolfier brothers achieved the first hot air balloon flight .
Boyle 's hopes for a way to " cure wounds at a distance , or at least by transplantation " have become a reality , with the advent of organ transplants and robotic surgical tools that can be operated from thousands of miles away .
" As you go down Boyle 's list , some of the things sound quite silly , but then you realise we 've kind of done them , " said Keith Moore , the society 's librarian .
Boyle also hoped scientists would find ways for people to work underwater and develop a ship that could sail in all winds and was impossible to sink .
" I 'm not sure we 've managed that yet , " said Jonathan Ashmore , fellow of the Royal Society and a spokesman for the exhibition .
" But the way the list was put together is impressive , with very far - sighted and visionary ideas coupled with very down - to - earth , practical ones . "
The most radical items on Boyle 's list touch on human physiology and the brain .
In one note , he suggests scientists might devise ways to live on a minimal amount of sleep by studying the effects of tea and also " mad- men " , who appeared to need very little .
In another , he wonders if understanding hysterical people and those with epilepsy might help scientists recreate their " great strength and agility " .
Boyle , regarded by some as the father of chemistry , had great faith in the power of pharmaceuticals and encouraged his fellow chemists to develop potent mind - altering drugs , and pills to relieve pain and induce restful sleep and sweet dreams .
A more curious route of inquiry was " Attaining Gigantik Dimensions " , presumably a reference to the possibility of enlarging the human race .
" This document provides us with an amazing window into one of the most extraordinary minds of the 17th century , " said Ashmore .
" Boyle 's predictions on the future of science are quite remarkable .
His hopes for the cure of diseases by transplantation and drugs to appease pain and aid sleep have both become inherent features of contemporary medicine and yet these were predictions he was making over 300 years ago .
We have also seen numerous of his other predictions realised in various ways , including flight , modern healthcare prolonging life , Kevlar body armour , underwater exploration and GPS navigation . "
This year , the Royal Society is holding a series of meetings to thrash out the future priorities for modern science .
Feeding the world and providing ample green energy will certainly feature , as will enduring questions on the nature of ageing and consciousness .
" What I 'd really like scientists to do is find evidence for alien life .
I 've been waiting a long time ... they should pull their fingers out , " said Moore .
Several documents from the 20th century reveal the Royal Society 's increasing role in advising government and addressing industrial or occupational issues .
In the early 1900s , the society established a committee to investigate the unusually high rates of cataracts among glassblowers .
The problem was traced to the intense glare of the molten glass , prompting the scientist , William Crookes , to design darkened safety spectacles .
In doing so , he also invented sunglasses .
Years later , the society 's fellows drew up blueprints for ship mines , studied the possibility of extracting alcohol from horse chestnuts and drafted secret reports on the effects of atomic bombs .
" These guys were interested in everything and the emphasis on rationality when faced with the complexity of the world really comes through , " said Ashmore .
New goals – the next 30 years ?
Sources of clean , green energy Plenty of energy reaches the Earth in the form of sunlight , but major scientific advances are needed to harness solar energy efficiently .
Attempts to master fusion power by creating a tiny star on Earth are under way .
Feeding the world
A perfect storm of climate change , growing human population and water shortages are predicted to put food production under extraordinary strain .
Scientific advances in agriculture and desalination are much needed .
Slowing and reversing ageing
The ageing effects of our lifestyles and environment are becoming clear , but scientists know little about the genetics of ageing and how to affect it .
Greater knowledge of consciousness
Giant leaps in neuroscience have failed to explain the nature of consciousness and how it arises .
Some scientists believe that consciousness is an emergent property that is inevitable when a critical number of brain cells are interconnected .
Others suspect we are missing a fundamental ingredient that gives rise to the conscious mind .
Extraterrestrials
Decades of searching for signs of alien life have so far turned up a blank , yet the question of whether life on Earth is a one - off is among the most compelling in science .
Many scientists believe that basic alien life , in the form of microbes , may be relatively common , with intelligent life much rarer .
May 31 , 2010
Dear Friend of Liberty ,
Today is Memorial Day , and I enjoyed reading these comments from David Boaz at the Cato Institute .
At the Libertarian National Convention in St. Louis over this Memorial Day weekend , the following individuals were elected to serve as officers and other members of the Libertarian National Committee ( LNC ) for the next two years :
Chairman
Mark Hinkle
Vice Chairman
Mark Rutherford
Secretary
Alicia Mattson
Treasurer
James Oaksun
At - Large Members
Kevin Knedler
David Nolan
William Redpath
Wayne Allyn Root
Mary Ruwart
We ’re still gathering the final results of the elections for Regional Representatives .
I ’d like to congratulate all the newly elected members , and also to thank the outgoing members for their hard work and dedication .
Next week , on June 8 , there will be an election in California on “ Proposition 14 , ” a measure to adopt a top - two primary system .
If this measure passes , it may be very damaging to alternative parties like the Libertarian Party .
If you would like to help fight this measure by making phone calls to voters , please contact Beau Cain with the Libertarian Party of California by calling toll - free 877-884-1776 .
( You do not need to live in California to help with this . )
Sincerely ,
Wes Benedict
Executive Director
Libertarian National Committee
P.S. If you have not yet become a member of the Libertarian Party and
wish to do so , please click here and join the only political party dedicated to free markets and civil liberties .
If you need to renew , please click here .
If you would like to make a contribution separate from membership , please click here .
As we 've heard from a handful of commenters ( and some emails ) , a lot of you guys are wondering just what happened to a post we did yesterday comparing the EVO 4G to the iPhone 4 .
Well allow us to unearth the shocking truth behind the mystery .
We had a debate yesterday as to whether or not it was fair to compare a phone we did a thorough review on ( the EVO 4G -- you can read all about how awesome we think it is right here ) to a phone we only had a short time to play with ( the new iPhone ) .
I was in the latter group , but not around when that post was written or put up on the site .
As a result , when I came back and saw it had been posted , I pulled .
Not because the EVO 4G was winning in the poll .
Not because it said nice things about the EVO 4G .
I pulled it simply because I did n't think it was fair to make the comparison yet .
In hindsight , we should have made that clear from the start , and I apologize .
So , the post will go back up ... once we 've had a chance to look at both phones completely .
In the meantime , the poll is below , and we seriously have no preference on which phone wins .
Do your worst guys .
%Poll - 47786 %
The officer in the north - west German city had argued with his superiors for months , demanding either getting a pay rise or time off in lieu for what he said amounted to 45 hours of his time he was giving to his employers each year .
They refused on both counts , saying it was part of his duties as a policeman .
Posted on April 19 , 2010
White House : Obama Is Not Considering Value - Added Tax
White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs says President Obama is not considering a value - added tax ( VAT ) .
UPDATE : Obama : Value - Added Tax A " Novel " Idea
One of the largest pop-culture conventions in the world , Comic - Con runs in San Diego from 22 to 25 July .
Fans of comics , sci-fi and fantasy gather from all over the world to celebrate the best of forward - looking popular culture .
Here we gather together the best images from Comic - Con 2010
Fable 3's BIG ... Let Down
by Corey Dockendorf [ Friday , 12th of February 2010 - 10:49 PM ]
One of the long awaited announcements today was Peter Molyneux 's Fable 3 presentation .
Earlier in the week Molyneux , in an interview with Game Reactor he said " There ’s some very , very big things happening in Fable .
Bigger than you think , and it ’s going to really going to upset people .
I ’m really scared .
When I go out and tell people what it is , they ’re going to get super pissed off .
They really are .
But it ’s the right thing to do . "
Well looking at the features I do n't think anything is so bad to anger an entire gaming community .
Characters will now interact with NPC 's using the new " touch " command from your XBox controller ( one of the trigger buttons ) .
This command Molyneux says " narrows the emotional boundary " in Fable 3 .
Depending on your morale compass you can use the " touch " button for either good or evil .
Playing with your daughter , or bullying poor folks are some of the interactions your character can now experience with the new touch feature .
Weapons will now change depending on the players actions .
If you kill innocents , your weapon will bleed , if you are a goody - two - shoes , your weapon will glow .
Character customization is going to be more " involved . "
Molyneux made mention that it would be more busy work , but then quickly followed up with " i'm not supposed to talk about it . "
Another cliffhanger ...
No HUD .
Their will be no health bar whatsoever .
Players will experience environmental graphic changes , to let players know death is near .
Thats pretty much it .
These changes seem a natural fit to the gameplay style , as well as utilizing the new Natal hardware .
I 'm hoping that these new " touch " commands add more depth to the game , and that I actually feel connected to these characters .
This seems like the goal , and I will be very interested to see this new game mechanics impact on the storyline .
The lack of HUD does n't seem like a big deal , since most action games are going that direction anyways .
Keep the screen clear so the player can enjoy more of whats going on .
The only other announcement that came out of X10 in regards to Fable 3 is that it will be available " this holiday . "
Talk about the most vague press conference ever .
So what does the gaming community think ?
Game changing features ?
Just a bunch of hype ?
Makes you wanna reach out and " touch " someone ?
On a bit of the positive side here though , there are some nice screenshots and a developer 's diary to take a look at in the midst of the lack luster announcements above .
Cigarette taxes in New York would jump by $ 1.60 a pack under a tentative deal reached between Gov. David A. Paterson and legislative leaders , which would give New York the nation ’s highest state cigarette taxes .
The proposal , which officials said Mr. Paterson would include in an emergency budget bill due for a vote on Monday , would also raise wholesale taxes on other tobacco products like chewing tobacco , bringing the tax on those products closer in line with those of cigarettes .
In New York City , which levies steep taxes of its own on tobacco products , a pack of cigarettes would come with a tax of $ 5.85 , making it the nation ’s first city to break $ 5 , antismoking advocates said .
That would bring the overall cost of a pack of premium cigarettes above $ 10 in many stores in the city .
The legislation will also include a plan to begin collecting taxes on cigarettes sold off the reservation by Indian tribes in New York , an issue that has provoked confrontations between State Police officers and protesting tribe members in years past .
MIAMI , July 12 ( UPI ) --
Forty percent of U.S. adults say fumbling with a condom dampens the mood for sex and 90 percent admit to unsafe sex at least once , a survey indicates .
The survey , commissioned by Miami condom manufacturer Grove Medical LLC , indicates 70 percent of U.S. adults say they think of love when they think of passion , while 67 percent say they think of romance , 55 percent say they think of sex and 43 percent say they think of commitment .
Advertisement
Forty - eight percent say everyday gestures of affection such as listening more intently spur passion , 48 percent say planning regular dates and 37 percent say turning off the television can be a turn - on .
Forty percent of women say they wear racy lingerie to add heat to the passion in their partner , while men use candy and flowers .
" One way to protect the passion and stay safe is to incorporate the process of using a condom into ' the moment , ' " Beau Thompson , founder of Grove Medical , said in a statement .
Thompson recommends transforming condom application from " an awkward time in a couple 's passionate experience " into " a turn - on " through a partner approach .
The survey of 1,000 U.S. men and women was conducted by Kelton Research in April .
No further survey details were provided .
PA TV host to children :
Jews are " our enemies , "
Israeli soldiers are " wild animals "
by Itamar Marcus and Barbara Crook
Her comments were made during two recent episodes of the PA TV program For You , which features interviews with the families of Palestinians imprisoned by Israel .
In an interview with the young sister of a prisoner serving a 13 - month sentence , the PA TV host asked the girl if the Israeli soldiers bother the family when they visit her brother in prison .
When the girl agreed , the host added : " They 're wild animals , right ?
Are n't they wild animals ? "
In another episode , the same host interviewed the four - year old son of a prisoner serving a 15 - year sentence .
She asked who imprisoned his father , and the boy answered , " The Jews . "
As in the other interview , the host prompted the child : " The Jews are our enemies , right ? "
The boy nodded in response .
It is worth noting that the boy did not say that " Israelis " imprisoned his father , but specified that it was " the Jews . "
PMW has not been able to determine what crimes these prisoners committed .
Following are the transcripts of excerpts of the interviews :
The host of a program about prisoners on official Palestinian Authority television described Jews as " our enemies " and Israeli soldiers as " wild animals " when she interviewed young children .
Her comments were made during two recent episodes of the PA TV program For You , which features interviews with the families of Palestinians imprisoned by Israel .
In an interview with the young sister of a prisoner serving a 13 - month sentence , the PA TV host asked the girl if the Israeli soldiers bother the family when they visit her brother in prison .
When the girl agreed , the host added : " They 're wild animals , right ?
Are n't they wild animals ?
"
In another episode , the same host interviewed the four - year old son of a prisoner serving a 15 - year sentence .
She asked who imprisoned his father , and the boy answered , " The Jews . "
As in the other interview , the host prompted the child : " The Jews are our enemies , right ? "
The boy nodded in response .
It is worth noting that the boy did not say that " Israelis " imprisoned his father , but specified that it was " the Jews .
" PMW has not been able to determine what crimes these prisoners committed .
PA TV host Manal Seif interviews the young sister of prisoner Qussai Husam Radwan , who was sentenced to 13 months in prison :
Host : " Do they bother you , the Israeli army , the soldiers there [ when visiting at the prison ] ? "
Girl : " Yes . "
Host : " They 're wild animals , right ?
Are n't they wild animals ? "
[ PA TV ( Fatah ) , June 21 , 2010 ]
PA TV host Manal Seif interviews the four - year old son of prisoner Shadi Shbeita , who was sentenced to 15 years in prison :
Host : " Ibrahim , you know - you 're cute and sweet .
You have a nice shirt and nice pants .
You 're cool .
Where 's Daddy ?
Where 's Daddy ?
Daddy Shadi - where is he ?
Where is Daddy Shadi ? "
Boy : " In prison . "
Host : " Who put him in prison ?
Who is it that put him in prison ? "
Boy : " The Jews . "
Host : " The Jews are our enemies , right ? "
[ Boy nods in agreement . ]
[ PA TV ( Fatah ) , June 17 , 2010 ]
Obtaining a degree in the field of translation / interpretation can be a grueling and costly process .
Top U.S. universities like the Monterey Institute of International Studies , and top - tier schools with degree - seeking programs in this field , like Georgetown and Stanford University , have yearly tuitions exceeding $ 30,000 , and relatively few slots available for highly competitive merit - based scholarships .
But before the future translators and interpreters of the world lose hope , it should be noted that grants , scholarships , and fellowships are out there .
To help you start your search , we ’re providing you with information about some of the most generous funds currently available to language students .
The most coveted scholarships offer full rides to worthy students , usually asking for a period of community service upon graduation .
The National Security Education Program ( NSEP ) offers the Boren Fellowship , which covers up to $ 30,000 for American students to increase their foreign language proficiency by studying highly - needed languages like Arabic , Chinese , Korean , Portuguese , Russian , and Swahili .
The NSEP asks for a one - year commitment to the U.S. federal government in a position of national security upon a fellow ’s graduation .
Fulbright grants , sponsored by the U.S. State Department , offer the full cost of tuition and living expenses for their scholars .
Fulbright scholars typically study / research a foreign language abroad or teach English , but funds are also available for students wishing to conduct research on personal projects abroad .
Another initiative funded by the State Department is the Critical Language Scholarship Program .
Similar to the Fulbright , it offers students of languages critical to U.S. interests the ability to study for free .
Unlike the Fulbright , this program is intended as an eight - week intensive course for undergraduate and graduate students .
In addition to federally - funded fellowships , there exists a staggering amount of money available to students of particular languages .
While Spanish and the Asian languages enjoy the largest popularity with scholarship search engines and generous funding , many other languages have niche markets and organizations and individuals dedicated to preserving them and encouraging their expansion .
Free scholarship websites like FastWeb and College Scholarships.org have proven useful in allowing students to cast a wider net and find more scholarship opportunities .
In general , the more specific a scholarship ’s goals and requirements , the less money is disbursed .
The American Foundation for Translation and Interpretation offers a scholarship worth $ 2,500 called the JTG Scholarship in Scientific and Technical Translation or Interpretation .
On a quirkier note , the Klingon Language Institute offers a $ 500 scholarship to students of any language – provided they take a “ creative ” approach to that language .
Many , many more minor scholarships exist , and , every year , tens of thousands of dollars of financial aid remain untouched .
While a degree in translation or interpretation can be costly , the burden of funding it can be somewhat alleviated with a little patience and a lot of sent recommendation letters .
We hope this helps with your search !
Resources for Language Students
Scholarships , Grants , and Programs
The Boren Fellowship
The Fulbright Program
The Fulbright Foreign Language Teaching Assistant ( FLTA ) Program
Critical Language Scholarship Program
JTG Scholarship in Scientific and Technical Translation or Interpretation
The Foreign Language Enhancement Program ( FLEP )
Phi Sigma Iota Scholarships
Klingon Language Institute Kor Memorial Scholarship
Organizations
The National Security Education Program ( NSEP )
American Foundation for Translation and Interpretation
Institute of International Education
Search Engines
Fastweb : Search for Scholarships , Financial Aid , Student Loans and Colleges
College Scholarships.org
The College Board Scholarship Search
Scholarship Experts
Scholarship Monkey
Related Articles
Top 10 U.S. Translation Schools
Translation Graduate Programs Overview
Paths to Success in Translation : Interview with Aaron Maddox
Paths to Success in Translation : Interview with Mary Maloof
“ What Gary Becker has done over the last 50 years is fundamentally change how economists think about their profession . ”
— Steven Levitt
William B. Ogden Distinguished Service Professor of Economics
Fifty - five years after earning his doctorate in economics from the University of Chicago , Gary Becker still works in his office seven days a week , constantly seeking out new discussions on the subject that is his life ’s passion .
He also writes a popular weekly blog with federal judge Richard Posner in addition to researching , writing on scholarly topics , and teaching graduate students .
His influential work has earned the 79 - year - old world - renowned economist the Nobel Prize in Economics , the National Medal of Science , the John Bates Clark Medal , and the Presidential Medal of Freedom , to name a few .
And the thin , fit man with a wisp of gray hair and a warm , attentive demeanor has no plans to retire any time soon .
“ He ’s remarkably immune to the aging process , ” says Posner , a longtime friend and senior lecturer at the Law School .
“ He just does n’t show any signs of slowing down . ”
In recognition of the contributions to his field and to the University of Chicago , Becker , AM ’ 53 , PhD’55 , will receive the University ’s Alumni Medal , the highest award the Alumni Association bestows .
The award ceremony will take place during Alumni Weekend on Saturday , June 5 at Rockefeller Memorial Chapel .
Becker says his life might have been dramatically different had he not accidentally taken a course in economics in his freshman year at Princeton University .
Without that exposure , he might never have discovered his passion .
“ I really do love this , and I feel I ’m lucky , ” Becker says .
“ I could have gotten into science or math , but I was lucky enough to find the field that best suits the talents I have . ”
Tough Road to Earn Respect
Becker ’s remarkable zeal for economics has been with him since his undergraduate years at Princeton .
After entering graduate school in economics at UChicago in 1951 , Becker was an instant fan of professor Milton Friedman , who emphasized economics as a powerful tool to analyze the world .
Friedman became a mentor , friend , and major influence on Becker ’s work .
Becker approaches economics as the study of human behavior , which was a groundbreaking take on the more narrow early view of supply - and - demand theories .
Becker ’s 1957 book , The Economics of Discrimination , applied economic analysis to the study of prejudice against minorities .
His 1964 book , Human Capital , examined how investments in a person ’s education and training pay off .
His 1981 book , A Treatise on the Family , looked at the economic implications of interactions within families .
Becker is one of the most cited economists today , yet his early career was fraught with controversy .
Early on , economists felt his analysis of social problems was n’t really economics .
“ For a long time , my type of work was either ignored or strongly disliked by most of the leading economists , ” Becker writes in his autobiography .
“ I was considered way out and perhaps not really an economist . ”
Steven Levitt , a fellow professor in the economics department and the co-author of the bestseller Freakonomics , can attest to the level of anger and misunderstanding Becker ’s early work produced .
As an undergraduate at Harvard and a doctoral student at MIT in the early 1990s , Levitt says “ nobody really said anything good about Gary Becker . ”
In fact , Levitt came to Chicago , in part , to “ know the enemy for a year or two . ”
Instead , Becker completely won over Levitt .
“ What Gary Becker has done over the last 50 years is fundamentally change how economists think about their profession .
He did that by broadening the scope for what economists think is economics .
He showed that every topic under the sun is ripe for economic study , ” Levitt says .
While it was difficult then , Becker is actually grateful his early work was n’t easily embraced .
“ I felt I had to keep proving myself and justifying , so I continued to work hard , ” he says .
Still Arguing His Case
Some of the criticism has crept up again with the current financial crisis , with Becker taking flak over the Chicago School ’s firm adherence to the power of the free market .
While some argue the lack of government regulation caused the crisis , Becker says government regulators also contributed greatly to the crisis .
Becker ’s intense and confident approach has gained him a wide fan base of younger , up - and - coming scholars .
Among them is Kevin Murphy , a professor of economics who won a MacArthur Fellowship for his own work .
Murphy met Becker while he was a U of C student ; now they co-teach economics courses to graduate students .
“ He truly believes in economics , ” Murphy says .
“ As much as I sometimes get discouraged by the criticism of the Chicago School , he just says , ‘ In the end , we ’ll be proven right . ’ ”
Becker writes his heavily researched views with an easy , inviting style through the Becker - Posner Blog .
For 19 years , he also wrote a monthly column for Business Week .
Although the blog format was just emerging in 2002 , he jumped in , anticipating the intriguing public conversation that could emerge from a back - and - forth discussion with Posner , a federal appeals court judge and noted public intellectual .
Last year the blogging partners released a book based on their exchanges , Uncommon Sense : Economic Insights , from Marriage to Terrorism .
Taking His Work Home
Becker also takes his passion for ideas home and enjoys discussing social and political ideas with his four children , grandchildren , and his wife Guity , a historian of the Middle East who is a retired professor from the University of Illinois at Chicago .
Guity emphasizes that her husband has a good sense of humor , and an uncanny ability to win over people .
She laughs when recalling how she and Becker met , while she was completing her doctorate from UChicago and saw an ad Becker placed for a dining room furniture set .
True to his role as an economist , Becker would n’t negotiate on price .
He did give Guity a few weeks to pay up — then promptly asked her to dinner .
When she told him she was n’t available for two months , she thought that was the end of it .
Instead , Becker showed up at her door two months later , on the day Guity completed her doctoral studies .
It ’s that same quality of discipline and optimism that keeps Becker so committed to his work today .
“ There ’s still a lot we do n’t know , ” Becker says .
“ If we knew it all , I would n’t be that excited about it .
But trying to discover all the things we do n’t know still excites me , pretty much the same as it did when I first started out in the field . ”
The Hubble Space Telescope has captured this brief but beautiful phase late in the life of a star .
The curious cloud around this bright star is called IRAS 19475+3119 about 15,000 light - years from Earth is actually the star 's atmosphere , being ejected as the star dies .
Full Story .
Adoomed star has been caught in the act of shedding itsgassy skin in a new photograph from the Hubble Space Telescope .
Thenew Hubblephoto of the dying star reveals anodd cloud of gas around the object that is actually the outer layers ofthestar 's atmosphere , which are being blown out in jets to create vastlobes inspace .
While beautiful , the lobes are rare , short - lived formationsaround thestar and are a telltale sign that death looms near , astronomers said .
" Asstars similar to the sun age , theyswell into red giant stars , and when this phase endsthey start to shed theiratmospheres , " Hubble telescopescientists said in astatement .
Thesun is about 4.6 billion years old , and is expectedto last another 5 billion years before puffing up into a red giant anddying .
Thenew Hubble photo , released Tuesday , shows the starIRAS 19475+3119 , which sits about 15,000 light - years from Earth in theconstellation Cygnus ( the Swan ) .
Two different lobe - like gas shellsfrom thestar 's atmosphere ?
each positioned at a different angle ?
can be seenin thephoto .
[ MoreHubble telescope photos ]
Thisstar was first spotted in 1983 by the IRASsatellite , which detected the intense infrared emissions coming fromtheobject .
But the future is bleak for the star .
Asthe star continues to shed its atmosphere , its hottercore will eventually be revealed , Hubble scientists said .
When thathappens , the gas surrounding the star will begin glowing brilliantly to create aplanetary nebula .
Despitetheir name , planetary nebulashave nothing to do withalien planets .
They got their titlebecause of their fuzzyplanet - like appearance when viewedthrough small telescopes .
Butthe IRAS 19475+3119 is n't completely dead yet .
Currently , it is what astronomers call a protoplanetary nebula .
Astronomersused Hubble 's Advanced Camera for Surveys totake the dying star 's portrait .
The once - broken camera was fixed in May2009during NASA 's final repair mission to Hubble by astronauts .
We were the first to question the coverage that Apple and the iPhone was receiving from the media and were the first of just a handful of companies that examined the figures being published – putting the figures into a global perspective and using our market experience and knowledge to take a critical standpoint to a mobile phone that only has around 1 % of world sales .
We were also among the first to describe how Apple was imposing a number of limitations on their partners .
Operators were not allowed to comment the iPhone , Apple or their partnership without Apple ’s approval and furthermore Apple reserved the right to approve the journalists that operators communicated with .
This meant that if a good trade journalist writing for a media important to operators ever criticised Apple just a little bit , Apple could prevent that journalist from receiving Apple products to review .
On a Danish television consumer programme called Basta on Danish National TV2 , viewers watched as the mobile operator TeliaSonera during two programs was attacked for the way Apple was treating TeliaSonera ’s customers and partners , but due to TeliaSonera ’s contract with Apple , TeliaSonera was unable to defend themselves .
The fact that the journalists chose to attack TeliaSonera , rather than attack the real culprit Apple clearly illustrates how many journalists are totally uncritical of the way Apple does business and proves that they knew that they would not be able to get Apple to participate and therefore refrained from including them in the story .
Basically Apple ’s standard “ No comment ” response has resulted in many journalists simply giving up trying to have any dialogue with Apple and also made them avoid writing critical articles .
One could say that Apple has been very good at quelling critical journalism .
Today it is an unfortunate fact that the number of journalists that are able and willing to criticise the hype surrounding Apple and the iPhone are few and far between .
On the other hand , the fact that Apple controls such a large part of the media makes it perfectly natural that the facts we publish suddenly become very visible , resulting in John Strand really standing out from all those communicating as if they are a ventriloquist ’s dummy .
I will never forget when the renown IT journalist Walter Mossberg from the Wall Street Journal accused me of being anti-American during the Mobile World Congress a couple of years ago , because I was critical about the importance of the iPhone to operators .
Everyone who reads this column knows that the man is an Apple fanatic , but to claim that someone is anti-American , because they view a mobile telephone ’s sales figures from a global perspective really shows how Apple fanatics react .
If there is one thing that I am not , that is anti-American .
But I do have a very clear attitude towards fanatics – both religious fanatics and people that are totally infatuated by a mobile phone that has a marginal share of global sales .
The iPhone reminds me of Paris Hilton – I really do n’t understand why she gets so much attention either !
When we examine the companies that have launched apps for the iPhone , it also clearly illustrates the one - sided focus many people have regarding this part of the mobile world .
A Danish company recently contacted me about a fantastic new app they had developed for the iPhone – and were very angry when I told them that they would probably have a better business case selling coffee to Turkey than selling apps for the iPhone .
In conclusion I have nothing against the iPhone , but I do believe that the iPhone should be viewed in a national and global perspective .
Perhaps you are wondering why I involved the Poles in the title ?
I am sure that you will agree that if all the Poles in the world had received the same media attention as the iPhone , a lot of people would either call it poor or one - sided journalism .
On the other hand I am certain that some Apple fanatics will still claim that John Strand is anti-iPhone – again I ’m sure you will agree that they have more in common with Walter Mossberg , than I have with any anti-Americans .
Class :: Struct has been a core module for ages .
( Previously it was Class : : Template , but a great renaming occurred 13 years ago . )
If you 've never seen it before , it might remind you a little bit of Moose :
package Cat ; use Class :: Struct ; struct ( name => '$ ' , age => '$ ' , diet => '$ ' ) ;
You do n't get all of the benefits of Moose , but you do get attributes and accessors .
You also get a default constructor .
Of course , the default constructor reads something like :
{ package Cat ; use Carp ; sub new { my ( $ class , % init ) = @_ ; $ class = __PACKAGE__ unless @_ ; ... } ... }
If that emboldened line is curious to you , it 's curious to me too .
I saw a note in one of the test files somewhere suggesting that the purpose of this was to allow you to write :
package Cat ; my $ cat = new ( ) ;
I do n't know why you 'd do that , however .
In what kind of object design does it make sense to create objects of a class from within that class ?
( That seems like a violation of responsibilities to me . )
You can also write :
package NotCat ; my $ cat = Cat:: new ( ) ;
... though that 's exceedingly fragile .
For one thing , it implies that you could also write RobotCat : : new ( ) — assuming that RobotCat extends Cat , but avoiding method dispatch for calling a constructor means that RobotCat had better provide its own new ( ) which behaves as a function as well as a method .
( Even if you somehow convinced the subclass to inherit the superclass 's function through some sort of exporting scheme , the hardcoded __PACKAGE__ would hurt . )
Hardcoding a method dispatch as a function dispatch means that the maintainers of Cat are not free to change how Cat provides its constructor , much for the same reason .
Woe unto you if there 's an inherited AUTOLOAD somewhere .
I realize that in 1994 or 1995 , people who wrote OO code in Perl 5 might have had familiarity with OO in C++ ( where this syntax makes a little more sense ) or , perhaps , Java where the indirect constructor call ( the my Cat $ cat = new Cat ; is prevalent ) , but the benefit of hindsight is that experienced Perl 5 programmers can look back on this API a decade later and cringe at its potential for misuse .
If you 're lucky , everything will go right — but what kind of a defensive programmer relies on luck when designing an API ?
The U.S. health care system is possibly the most inefficient in the world :
We spend twice as much per person on health care as other advanced countries , but we have worse health outcomes , including a lower life expectancy .
The government , through programs like Medicare and Medicaid , pays for approximately half of the country 's health care , almost all of which is actually provided by the private sector .
Thus , the bulk of our projected rising budget deficits are due to skyrocketing private health care costs .
The CEPR Health Care Budget Deficit Calculator shows that if the U.S. can get health care costs under control , our budget deficits will not rise uncontrollably in the future .
But if we fail to contain health care costs , then it will be almost impossible to prevent exploding future budget deficits .
The Calculator lets you see what projected U.S. budget debts would be if we had the same per person health care costs as any of the countries listed below , all of which enjoy longer life expectancies than the U.S. ( Life expectancies are listed in parentheses . )
The blue line shows projected deficits based on baseline projections from the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) .
This includes the projected impact of cost savings associated with the Affordable Care Act ( ACA ) .
The red line shows where the deficits would be if health care costs in the U.S. were to follow a path that does not include the projected cost savings from the ACA .
By default , health care costs for other countries is based on the current health care share of gdp .
You may also choose to base it on current health - care expenditures per person .
( Best viewed with Mozilla Firefox or Google Chrome . )
$ PPP per-capita Percent of GDP
Compare to individual countries Change U.S. baseline
This section allows you to modify the baseline budget for the United States by tweaking assumptions for revenues , health care expenditures , and non-health - care expenditures .
The lowest point on each slider corresponds to CBO 's " Extended Baseline " -- a budget projection based on current law .
The highest point on each slider corresponds to the " Alternative Fiscal Scenario " .
See bottom of the calculator for an explanation .
Revenues Alt. Fiscal Scenario Baseline Health Care Alt. Fiscal Scenario Baseline Other Alt. Fiscal Scenario Baseline
Baseline refers to the spending and revenue assumptions treated as baseline by the Congressional Budget Office in its 2011 Long - Term Budget Outlook .
The alternative fiscal policy refers to the projections that the Congressional Budget Office constructed in its 2011 Long - Term Budget Outlook based on the assumption that Congress deviates from current law in various ways .
The most important differences between the alternative fiscal policy and the baseline are :
the assumption that Congress does not allow the cost control mechanisms in the ACA to take effect ; and Congress does not allow the income tax cuts put in place by President Bush to expire .
There are several other differences in the assumptions in these scenarios , almost all of which have the effect of raising the deficit and debt relative to the baseline scenario .
The calculator allows users to pick either the baseline projections , the alternative fiscal scenario projections , or any point between the two for revenue , health care spending , and other spending .
Designed by David Rosnick , Center for Economic and Policy Research .
The previous Health Care Budget Deficit Calculator can be found here .
Zaterdag 10 juli zullen hordes zombies door het centrum en het Vondelpark van Amsterdam trekken , die dag vindt de derde Amsterdam Zombie Walk ( AZW ) plaats .
Al bijna 10 jaar komen zombies in grote steden bijeen , de eerst zombie walk was in 2001 in California , georganiseerd ter promotie van een filmfestival .
De eerste zombie walk die gewoon voor de lol was , had maar 6 deelnemers .
Maar de aantallen groeiden snel , in 2006 kreeg de zombie walk in Pennsylvania een Guiness World Record met 894 deelnemers .
Inmiddels staat het record op zo ’n 8000 deelnemers .
Op 10 april 2007 vond de eerste Nederlandse Zombie Walk plaats in Amsterdam , met halloween 2008 strompelden de zombies wederom door onze hoofdstad .
Dit jaar wordt de zombie walk georganiseerd door Stuff en Bram , die al een paar jaar met het idee lopen .
Zaterdag vanaf 13.30 uur kunnen de zombies zich voor de derde Amsterdam Zombie Walk verzamelen op de Dam , waar de tocht een half uur later vertrekt .
De tocht eindigt met een ‘ zombie hangout ’ in het Vondelpark .
Spread the plague , spread the word .
Wij zijn erbij , wie doen er nog meer mee ?
AZW3 10 juli 2010 13.30 uur op de Dam
More strikes erupt in China ’s auto industry
By John Chan
21 June 2010
In the wake of stoppages at three Honda factories , new strikes hit China ’s auto industry last week — at two components plants of the world ’s largest car company , Toyota , and at two Honda suppliers .
The strikes point to the growing determination of sections of Chinese workers to fight for better wages and conditions , creating deep concerns in Beijing and among local and international corporations .
Workers went on strike in Toyota ’s two affiliated components plants , in the northern Chinese industrial city of Tianjin , which supply parts for the corporation ’s assembly plants in China .
By Friday afternoon , Toyota ’s largest assembly plant in the country , Tianjin FAW Toyota Motor , which has a production capacity of 420,000 vehicles a year , had to shut down .
Workers at the Tianjin Star Light Rubber and Plastics , which is jointly owned by Toyoda Gosei and Toyota , downed tools last Tuesday to demand higher pay .
The 800 workers , who produce steering wheels and rubber and resin parts , ended their strike on Wednesday after the management agreed to review the wage structure .
Factory security guards tried to prevent workers from talking to journalists .
Nevertheless , some workers told the South China Morning
Post that they were disappointed that the firm had yet to restore wages after pay was cut by 30 - 50 percent in 2009 , due to the global financial crisis .
A worker warned that “ we might do it [ strike ] again ” , if negotiations failed .
As production resumed at Star Light Rubber and Plastics , workers at Tianjin Toyoda Gosei , which is also partly owned by Toyota , stopped work .
Toyoda Gosei had tried to prevent industrial action by agreeing to a 20 percent pay increase last Tuesday .
While the factory branch of the state - run All China Federation of Trade Unions ( ACFTU ) rushed to accept the offer , workers rejected it .
The strike began on Thursday with just 40 logistics workers but spread rapidly to the entire workforce of 1,700 .
A large number of police were deployed to “ keep order ” .
A 24 - year - old striking worker from Guangxi told the Wall Street Journal that police had hit his colleagues .
The assault only made the strikers more determined .
“ All the workers were talking about the beating incident this [ Friday ] morning and everyone is angry , ” a worker told the South China Morning Post .
The strikers returned to work on Sunday after the management promised to pay a 200 yuan a month “ full - attendance bonus ” .
However , a worker told the official Xinhua news agency : “ I ’m not sure the back - to - work thing is temporary or that all of us have already totally accepted ( the ) offer . ”
Toyota wanted to avoid a repetition of last month ’s strikes at Honda ’s transmission plant that disrupted the company ’s four assembly plants in China for two weeks .
Toyota operates 10 factories in China and many more joint ventures like those with Toyoda Gosei .
Toyota ’s sales in China grew 21 percent last year to 700,900 vehicles .
The corporation ’s shares tumbled in Tokyo over news of the strikes in China .
Meanwhile , Honda was hit by a new stoppage at the Wuhan Auto Parts Alliance last Thursday , involving 240 workers demanding an extra 800 yuan a month in pay and subsidies .
The plant is in the city of Wuhan , the capital of Hubei province .
Although a Honda spokesman announced that workers had returned to work on Friday , an employee told the media that no agreement had been reached .
On the same day , 500 workers at Nihon Plast , which is 21 percent owned by Honda , also went on strike .
The factory in Zhongshan makes steering wheels and airbags for the assembly plants of the Dongfeng - Nissan joint - venture .
Although production apparently resumed the next day , negotiations between the workers and management were ongoing .
A strike also erupted on Thursday at two Chongqing Brewery plants to oppose the planned takeover of the state - owned enterprise by the Danish beer giant Carlsberg .
Although Carlsberg insisted the stoppage ended on Friday , a Chongqing Beer Group spokesman told the South China Morning Post : “ None of the workers returned to work today [ Saturday ] .
I do n’t know when they will stop the strike . ”
More than 500 employees stopped work , fearing Carlsberg would cut jobs , pensions and other benefits .
The tentative character of all the return - to - work agreements was highlighted at the Honda Lock factory in Zhongshan where workers struck for two weeks .
Employees returned to work last Tuesday for three days , but threatened to strike again if Honda failed to make a satisfactory offer by Friday .
Honda announced an increase of 300 yuan a month — less than half what workers demanded — and the situation at the factory remained tense .
One Honda Lock worker told Bloomberg.com : “ It ’s much less than what I expected .
I was hoping we would get at least 450 yuan more each month .
About 80 percent of the workers in there were very unhappy with the increase . ”
He said that with such high dissatisfaction , workers were probably ready to join in should someone decide to stage another strike .
Honda
Lock management has warned workers not to talk to the foreign media , but they have learned to use communication technology .
The New York Times reported last week that Honda Lock workers , following the examples of earlier strikes at Honda transmission and exhaust system plants , set up online forums and online bulletin boards to share their grievances and discuss tactics .
They also uploaded videos of the strike , including one showing company security guards manhandling workers .
“ Wielding cellphones and keyboards , members of China ’s emerging labour movement so far seem to be outwitting official censors in an effort to build broad support for what they say is a war against greedy corporations and their local government allies , ” the New York Times wrote .
While there was no obvious coordination of strikes at Toyota and other plants last week , the Internet clearly has become the means for workers to avoid the official media ’s blackout of strikes .
General sympathy for striking workers is widespread , as comments to the British - based Independent underlined .
A university teacher told the newspaper : “ Chinese workers have been very low - paid for a long time .
There are many rich people in China nowadays .
They enjoy fabulous houses and get money easily .
But there are also many poor people , working hard , earning very little . ”
A telecom company worker said : “ I feel pity for our country ’s workers .
They are good and hard - working people .
To strike means they feel they have no way out . ”
The latest strikes only heighten the dilemma confronting the Chinese Communist Party ( CCP ) regime .
They came just days after Premier Wen Jiabao made a highly publicised visit to meet with rural migrants in Beijing in a bid to calm the situation at factories and workplaces .
He declared that the government and society at large had to “ respect ” migrant workers and praised their role in building the Chinese economy .
However , the comments have appeared to only embolden workers , who increasingly see the government and the state - run unions as their chief obstacle .
One Honda worker told the South China Morning Post today : “ The government wants to keep wages from rising .
They fear that if we are too successful other factories will be pressured by workers to offer higher wages …
The government always speaks nice words , but they have always worked against our interests .
We feel exploited , our goal is to protect our interests and ensure our basic living standards . ”
What Beijing fears above all is the coalescence of individual strikes into a political movement of the working class against the government .
While Wen was engaging in his public relations exercise last week , the regime was also putting the police on alert to swiftly deal with social unrest .
As the army ’s massacre of protesters in Tiananmen Square in 1989 demonstrated , the CCP will resort to any lengths to suppress any potential challenge to its rule .
Yes , our forebears started global warming by hunting the woolly mammoth .
Right .
Must be the mammoth albedo effect , much like the sheep albedo effect .
Oh , wait , no it ’s birch trees albedo calculated via pollen proxy .
The mammoths stopped eating birch trees , that ’s wot did it .
And those hunters used cooking fires too .
Gosh .
I wish I had more time to refute this , travel beckons , but I ’m sure readers can lend a hand in comments .
UPDATE : Carl Bussjaeger points out in comments that ;
Just last month , USA Today told us that Felisa Smith of the University of New Mexico in Albuquerque discovered that …
Mammoth extinction triggered climate COOLING
http://content.usatoday.com/communities/sciencefair/post/2010/05/mammoth-extinction-triggered-climate-cooling/1
Man-made global warming started with ancient hunters
AGU Release No. 10 –15 Link here
30 June 2010
For Immediate Release
WASHINGTON — Even before the dawn of agriculture , people may have caused the planet to warm up , a new study suggests .
Mammoths used to roam modern - day Russia and North America , but are now extinct — and there ’s evidence that around 15,000 years ago , early hunters had a hand in wiping them out .
A new study , accepted for publication in Geophysical Research Letters , a journal of the American Geophysical Union ( AGU ) , argues that this die - off had the side effect of heating up the planet .
“ A lot of people still think that people are unable to affect the climate even now , even when there are more than 6 billion people , ” says the lead author of the study , Chris Doughty of the Carnegie Institution for Science in Stanford , California .
The new results , however , “ show that even when we had populations orders of magnitude smaller than we do now , we still had a big impact . ”
In the new study , Doughty , Adam Wolf , and Chris Field — all at Carnegie Institution for Science — propose a scenario to explain how hunters could have triggered global warming .
First , mammoth populations began to drop — both because of natural climate change as the planet emerged from the last ice age , and because of human hunting .
Normally , mammoths would have grazed down any birch that grew , so the area stayed a grassland .
But if the mammoths vanished , the birch could spread .
In the cold of the far north , these trees would be dwarfs , only about 2 meters ( 6 feet ) tall .
Nonetheless , they would dominate the grasses .
The trees would change the color of the landscape , making it much darker so it would absorb more of the Sun ’s heat , in turn heating up the air .
This process would have added to natural climate change , making it harder for mammoths to cope , and helping the birch spread further .
To test how big of an effect this would have on climate , Field ’s team looked at ancient records of pollen , preserved in lake sediments from Alaska , Siberia , and the Yukon Territory , built up over thousands of years .
They looked at pollen from birch trees ( the genus Betula ) , since this is “ a pioneer species that can rapidly colonize open ground following disturbance , ” the study says .
The researchers found that around 15,000 years ago — the same time that mammoth populations dropped , and that hunters arrived in the area — the amount of birch pollen started to rise quickly .
To estimate how much additional area the birch might have covered , they started with the way modern - day elephants affect their environment by eating plants and uprooting trees .
If mammoths had effects on vegetation similar to those of modern elephants , then the fall of mammoths would have allowed birch trees to spread over several centuries , expanding from very few trees to covering about one - quarter of Siberia and Beringia — the land bridge between Asia and Alaska .
In those places where there was dense vegetation to start with and where mammoths had lived , the main reason for the spread of birch trees was the demise of mammoths , the model suggests .
Another study , published last year , shows that “ the mammoths went extinct , and that was followed by a drastic change in the vegetation , ” rather than the other way around , Doughty says .
“ With the extinction of this keystone species , it would have some impact on the ecology and vegetation — and vegetation has a large impact on climate . ”
Doughty and colleagues then used a climate simulation to estimate that this spread of birch trees would have warmed the whole planet more than 0.1 degrees Celsius ( 0.18 degrees Fahrenheit ) over the course of several centuries .
( In comparison , the planet has warmed about six times more during the past 150 years , largely because of people ’s greenhouse gas emissions . )
Only some portion — about one - quarter — of the spread of the birch trees would have been due to the mammoth extinctions , the researchers estimate .
Natural climate change would have been responsible for the rest of the expansion of birch trees .
Nonetheless , this suggests that when hunters helped finish off the mammoth , they could have caused some global warming .
In Siberia , Doughty says , “ about 0.2 degrees C ( 0.36 degrees F ) of regional warming is the part that is likely due to humans . ”
Earlier research indicated that prehistoric farmers changed the climate by slashing and burning forests starting about 8,000 years ago , and when they introduced rice paddy farming about 5,000 years ago .
This would suggest that the start of the so - called “ Anthropocene ” — a term used by some scientists to refer to the geological age when mankind began shaping the entire planet — should be dated to several thousand years ago .
However , Field and colleagues argue , the evidence of an even earlier man-made global climate impact suggests the Anthropocene could have started much earlier .
Their results , they write , “ suggest the human influence on climate began even earlier than previously believed , and that the onset of the Anthropocene should be extended back many thousands of years . ”
This work was funded by the Carnegie Institution for Science and NASA .
Notes for Journalists
As of the date of this press release , the paper by Doughty et al. is still “ in press ” ( i.e. not yet published ) .
Journalists and public information officers ( PIOs ) of educational and scientific institutions who have registered with AGU can download a PDF copy of this paper in press .
Or , you may order a copy of the paper by emailing your request to Maria - José Viñas at mjvinas@agu.org .
Please provide your name , the name of your publication , and your phone number .
Neither the paper nor this press release are under embargo .
Title :
“ Biophysical feedbacks between the Pleistocene megafauna extinction and climate : The first human‐induced global warming ? ”
Authors :
Christopher E. Doughty , Adam Wolf , and Christopher B. Field , Department of Global Ecology , Carnegie Institution for Science , Stanford , California , USA
======================
Readers , I urge you to write to newspapers and magazines that carry this story .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
After hundreds of years , the most common , basic microscopes still operate by means of the same old hardware : the lens .
But what if you could do away with that lens and create a microscope that fits on a cell phone ?
That ’s what researchers led by Aydogan Ozcan at U.C.L.A. have developed .
Ozcan recently won an NSF ( National Science Foundation ) Early Career Development award for his work [ see http://bit.ly/d98kXu].
Normal microscopes image cells themselves .
But Ozcan ’s team is imaging their shadows .
Tissue cells and bacteria are semi-transparent — light penetrating through cells causes shadings and reveals texture .
Ozcan uses an LED as his light source , creating cellular shadows .
An algorithm turns those shadows into an image of the cells .
Millions of people in the developing world suffer because they ’re misdiagnosed , or because simple diseases are missed .
With this system , a blood sample can be loaded into a small imaging device attached to a cell phone .
The cellular image generated from the sample can be transmitted to a central computer in a nearby hospital .
The image can be assessed for disease , with the resulting diagnosis sent back to the field in just minutes .
Tests of the device begin in Africa this summer .
— Cynthia Graber
Well , Obama seems to have lost Jon Stewart .
Here Stewart takes on the spill .
About halfway in he slams Obama 's lack of focus on the problem .
KAMPALA ( Reuters ) - Somali Islamists said on Monday they had carried out two bomb attacks in Uganda that killed 74 soccer fans watching the World Cup final on television .
The explosions in the closing moments of Sunday ’s match ripped through a crowded restaurant and a rugby club in the capital Kampala .
Al Shabaab militants in anarchic Somalia had already threatened to attack Uganda for sending peacekeeping troops to prop up its fragile , Western - backed government .
In Mogadishu , the group threatened more attacks unless Uganda and Burundi withdrew their peacekeepers .
“ Al Shabaab was behind the two bomb blasts in Uganda , ” spokesman Sheikh Ali Mohamud Rage told reporters .
“ We are sending a message to Uganda and Burundi :
If they do not take out their AMISOM troops from Somalia , blasts will continue , and it will happen in Bujumbura too . ”
Al Shabaab is fighting the Somali government and claims links with al Qaeda .
“ At one of the scenes , investigators identified a severed head of a Somali national , which we suspect could have been a suicide bomber , ” said army spokesman Felix Kulayigye .
“ We suspect it ’s al Shabaab because they ’ve been promising this . ”
Inspector General of Police Kale Kayihura said some arrests had been made , but gave no details .
He said police had begun reviewing security in public places .
Burundi , which also contributes troops to the peacekeeping mission , stepped up security , said an army spokesman in the capital , Bujumbura .
The dead included one American .
President Barack Obama condemned what he called cowardly attacks , and the White House said the Federal Bureau of Investigation would help in the investigation .
One bomb targeted the Ethiopian Village restaurant , a popular night - spot that was heaving with soccer fans and is frequented by foreign visitors .
The second attack struck the Lugogo Rugby Club , which was also showing the match .
Coordinated attacks have been a hallmark of al Qaeda and groups linked to Osama bin Laden ’s militant network .
Among the dead were at least 60 Ugandans , an Irish woman , and 11 Ethiopians and Eritreans .
Two had not been identified .
The U.S. State Department said one American citizen was killed and five injured .
The U.S. charity Invisible Children said one of its members , Nate Henn from Wilmington , Delaware , had been killed in the rugby club blast .
‘ COWARDLY ACT ’
Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni visited the rugby club .
Slideshow ( 13 images )
“ This shows you the criminality and terrorism that I have been talking about , ” he said .
“ If you want to fight , go and look for soldiers , do n’t bomb people watching football . ”
Bereket Simon , the Ethiopian government ’s head of information , called the attacks a “ cowardly act by al Shabaab terrorists . ”
Ethiopian troops invaded Somalia in 2006 to oust an Islamist movement .
That sparked the Islamist insurgency that rages today .
The blasts came near the end of the match and left shocked survivors reeling among corpses and scattered chairs .
Slideshow ( 13 images )
“ We were watching soccer here and then , when there were three minutes to the end of the match , an explosion came ... and it was so loud , ” witness Juma Seiko said at the rugby club .
Heavily armed police cordoned off both blast sites and searched the areas with sniffer dogs while dazed survivors helped to pull the wounded from the wreckage .
Uganda , east Africa ’s third largest economy , is attracting billions of dollars of foreign investment , especially in its oil sector and government debt markets .
But investors in Uganda and neighboring Kenya , which shares a porous border with Somalia , often say the threat from Islamic militants is a serious concern .
“ I certainly think the blasts will make risk appraisals tighter on Uganda .
If it does transpire to be al Shabaab , that will certainly raise the concerns of Western investors and also Chinese investors in Uganda , ” said Alex Vines , Head of Africa Programmes at London ’s Chatham House think - tank .
The Ugandan shilling fell slightly against the dollar on Monday .
Somali residents of Kampala said they feared a backlash .
“ We are in fear and locked in our homes today , ” said Bisharo Abdi , a Somali refugee .
“ Some Ugandans are saying ‘ Kill Somalis ’ . ”
On Saturday , Somali President Sheikh Sharif Ahmed told Reuters the growing number of foreigners joining the Islamic insurgents posed a threat to regional security .
Texas Stuns Hershey , Takes Game 1 of Calder Cup Finals , 2 -
1
June 3 , 2010 - American Hockey League ( AHL ) - Texas Stars News Release
Hershey , PA - The Texas Stars ( 13 - 6 ) defeated the Hershey Bears ( 12 - 4 ) 2 - 1 on Thursday night in front of 10,013 fans at the Giant Center in Game 1 of the Calder Cup Finals .
Left wing Scott McCulloch scored 2:10 into the third period to give Texas the lead and the Stars held on to win the first game of the series .
Texas goalie Matt Climie ( 6 - 3 ) made 26 saves , handing Hershey its first loss at home in the playoffs ( 8 - 1 ) and the first loss since March 21st .
Right wing Greg Rallo also scored , as Texas improved to 7 - 4 on the road in the playoffs .
Hershey goalie Michael Neuvirth ( 10 - 3 ) stopped 24 Texas shots in the loss .
Bears forward Francois Bouchard scored the lone Hershey goal .
Texas will remain in Hershey for Game 2 of the Calder Cup Finals on Saturday night at 6:00 pm ( CT ) .
After a scoreless first period , Hershey opened the scoring with the first goal of the Calder Cup Finals at 4:25 of the second period .
Right wing Francois Bouchard wrapped the puck through the Stars crease and around goalie Matt Climie , scoring his third goal of the playoffs .
Bears forward Mathieu Perrault and defenseman Patrick McNeil assisted on the opening goal .
It marked the 11th straight game that Texas allowed the first goal of the night in the playoffs .
The Stars countered to tie the game 1 - 1 at 9:57 of the period .
Right wing Greg Rallo carried the puck through the neutral zone and snapped a wrist shot over the glove of Hershey goalie Michal Neuvirth .
Rallo's second goal of the playoffs was set up by center Aaron Gagnon .
Texas claimed the lead at 2:10 of the third period .
Winger Scott McCulloch carried the puck into the Hershey zone , stickhandled past a Bears ' defenseman and lifted a backhand shot through the legs of Neuvirth for his third goal of the playoffs and a 2 - 1 final .
Calder Cup Finals Schedule ( best of seven )
Game 1 - Texas 2 at Hershey 1 ( TEX leads series 1-0 )
Game 2 - Sat. , June 5 - Texas at Hershey , 6:00 pm
Game 3 - Mon. , June 7 - Hershey at Texas , 7:30 pm
Game 4 - Wed. , June 9 - Hershey at Texas , 7:30 pm
* Game 5 - Fri. , June 11 - Hershey at Texas , 7:30 pm
* Game 6 - Mon. , June 14 - Texas at Hershey , 6:00 pm
* Game 7 - Wed. , June 16 - Texas at Hershey , 6:00 pm
* if necessary ...
All times Central
To purchase a Calder Cup Finals playoff package , which offers fans the same seat for all three possible home games , fans may call 512 - GO - STARS .
To rent a suite for a home playoff game or book a group , those interested may call 512 - GO - STARS .
Individual tickets for playoff games at Cedar Park Center also can be purchased by calling Ticketmaster at 1-800- 745-3000 , visiting any Ticketmaster outlet or the Cedar Park Center box office , or online at ticketmaster.com .
The Texas Stars are asking fans to wear WHITE to Cedar Park Center for every home game of the 2010 Calder Cup Finals .
For Game 3 , the first , 5,000 fans will receive a Texas Stars playoff t- shirt , compliments of State Farm .
For Games 4 and 5 , the first , 5,000 fans will receive a pair of Texas Stars Thundersticks .
Cedar Park Center will provide $ 2.00 domestic drafts and $ 1.00 hot dogs for all three home games .
Fans who want to watch Game 2 of the Calder Cup Finals may do so at Cedar Park Center .
The Texas Stars will host a watch party inside the bowl of Cedar Park Center .
The Austin Diamond District Ice Girls will be on hand , providing numerous giveaways .
The game will be broadcast on the four - sided HD video board above center ice and the audio of the radio broadcast will be played through the state - of - the - art sound system .
Fans may sit in the Club Section and receive In - seat service for food and beverages .
Admittance and parking to the event are free .
The parking lot and doors at Cedar Park Center will open at 5:00 PM with the games starting at 6:00 pm .
Cedar Park Center is running food and drink specials for the watch parties .
2010 - 11 Season ticket packages to see the Stars play in their second season at the Cedar Park Center are on sale now , starting as low as $ 12.00 a seat .
For more information on Texas Stars season tickets call ( 512 ) GO - STARS ( 467-8277 ) or visit www.TexasStarsHockey.com.
Anyone interested in purchasing season tickets , suites , group tickets or mini-plans may call the Texas Stars front office .
• Discuss this story on the American Hockey League message board ...
American Hockey League Stories from June 3 , 2010
The opinions expressed in this release are those of the organization issuing it , and do not necessarily reflect the thoughts or opinions of OurSports Central or its staff .
Yep . Marijuanaman .
Reggae star Ziggy Marley , son of Bob Marley , is part of a joint effort with co-writer Joe Casey and artist Jim Mahfood to produce a pot-powered superhero coming to stores on - you guessed it - April 20 of 2011 .
What 's more , Ziggy 's coming to San Diego Comic - Con International for a special poster smoking signing .
tweetmeme_url =
' http://comicsalliance.com/2010/07/02/ziggy-marley-marijuanaman-image-comics/';
tweetmeme_source = ' ComicsAlliance ' ; digg_url =
' http://digg.com/comics_animation/Ziggy_Marley_Wrote_A_Comic_Guess_What_It_s_About_PIC';
Image 's smokin ' official synopsis chronicles the upcoming adventure :
Ziggy 's new superhero , Marijuanaman , is from a planet that is in desperate need of THC .
Marijuanaman seeks to save Earth 's marijuana fields from destruction by the drug company PharmeXon , and thus saving his home planet from destruction .
To be blunt , Image 's hullabaloo over a certain other celebrity comic left a less - than stellar taste in my mouth at last year 's Comic - Con .
I just was n't really high on how things turned out .
Judging from the involvement of Casey and Mahfood , however , Marley 's " Marijuanaman , " seems like it could produce a much more potent ( and enjoyable ) reading experience .
[imagefield_assist|fid=5571|preset=frontpage_200x200|lightbox=true|title=|desc=|link=none|align=left|width=200|height=200 ]
GM
Ben Finegold presents Ben 2.0 , the new and improved lecture videos from Ben Finegold .
The Chess Club has partnered with Caesar Creative to produce higher quality videos for our members and visitors .
We hope you enjoy the content , and as always , we are open to your feedback and suggestions .
We will be releasing a new video each week that Ben gives a lecture , and they will be appearing with more regularity .
This week , Ben lectures on his games form the 2010 Las Vegas Chess Festival .
We will have another lecture video appearing in a few days , so stay tuned !
Ben will also be appearing at the 2010 U.S. Women 's and Junior Closed Championships to provide commentary and analysis alongside WGM Jennifer Shahade .
The fields have been set for these great tournaments , so come on out and see the great action live , July 9 - 20 .
2010 Las Vegas Chess Festival
Seattle - based publisher and developer PopCap Games started out of a desire to create core games -- but has grown , over the last decade , to become the most prominent creator of casual games in the world .
With hits like Plants vs. Zombies , Peggle , Zuma , and of course , Bejeweled released across a huge number of platforms , the company has earned a reputation for quality , polish , and inescapability .
Recently Gamasutra had a chance to talk to founders Brian Fiete and Jason Kapalka -- John Vechey was traveling and unavailable -- about the circumstances around the company 's founding and its last 10 years of operation .
What we got was more than that .
What you 'll find here is a candid look into how two of the company 's founders viewed the casual games market at its inception , how that informed their decisions when founding the company .
You 'll learn how those convictions shaped the way the company operates today .
You 'll also find out more about the process and priorities of the hugely successful company .
In short , this article serves as a guide to PopCap 's way of thinking about and developing games .
Brian , could we talk about your background before PopCap ?
BF : Sure .
It 's not a very long one .
When I went to college , in my freshman year I met John [ Vechey ] , one of the other founders , and he was in one of my computer science classes .
We were both computer science majors .
So John and I were in college in computer science class , and we had kind of decided to work on a side project and try to build an internet game .
The game was called ARC .
It was kind of like back in the old days when there were n't too many action internet games .
There was this game called Subspace ; it was sort of popular , but you had to have a pretty decent connection to be able to play it .
We just kind of started with this very simple game that you could join in very easily and play against other people , but in kind of a flying saucer capture - the - flag type game .
So we put that up on the internet and only spent a couple of months doing the initial development on it .
Jason was working for the Total Entertainment Network at that time , and he saw the game , sent us an email , and was kind of interested in finding out what we wanted to do with it .
So that 's how we ended up meeting Jason .
We did n't really have a company or anything ; we just had made that prototype of a game that was up on the internet .
It was still our freshman year of college .
Total Entertainment Network flew us out to San Francisco to talk about potentially licensing the game and developing it into a real product .
So we flew out there and met Jason and got along pretty well .
They ended up licensing the product from us , and we started talking to Sierra Online about going to work for them and dropping out of college .
We had the credentials of having built an internet game already , so we were n't really too interested in the college experience , or graduating , or doing any of that stuff .
So John and I dropped out of college and went to work for Sierra in their online gaming division .
That was ' 98 .
JK : Yeah , I had started working at the Total Entertainment Network around ' 95 , and earlier , before that , I had been a writer for Computer Gaming World .
One of the editors from there had quit and gone and joined this internet startup ; he gave me a call ...
In 1995 , we did n't really know what the internet was ; basically , AOL was the internet .
I had just gotten an email address , I think , the week before or so .
It was kind of new and unusual stuff .
Total Entertainment Network , at the time , was trying to do hardcore games like Duke Nukem and so forth .
Over the next couple of years , they started getting into more original online games , and that was where I was starting to be kind of a game producer .
I was looking around for stuff , and that 's when I came across that game that Brian and John were working on , ARC , which I guess was kind of ahead of its time in a lot of ways in 1997 .
It was basically a top - down version of Counter - Strike , only with little saucers instead of people .
It was quite a lot of fun .
When we flew the two of them out to San Francisco , it was kind of a surprise because they were both 19 years old .
Our business guys did n't quite know what to do with them , because they could n't really take them out drinking .
They did n't really exactly know where to go to dinner with them and all this stuff , so I kind of got assigned to deal with these two crazy kids from Indiana .
As Brian said , we got along pretty well , and I thought they really had a good idea about how games work .
ARC : Attack Retrieve Capture
We did that game , ARC , on TEN , and later that led to Brian and John getting a job with Sierra in Seattle .
But we kept in touch over the next couple of years , and , meanwhile , back at TEN , TEN had sort of morphed into Pogo.com and started doing casual games .
They did n't really call them that then ; [ it was ] " family games " .
Sometime around ' 98 , I think , one day I was working on Total Annihilation , and the next day I was told to figure out a way to do Java bingo on the internet .
So that was a bit of a change !
For the next couple of years there , I kind of bounced from there to start doing casual games and started getting interested in that field .
So in 2000 , we were all kind of getting a little bit tired of our respective companies -- whether that was Pogo or Sierra -- and so we started talking about starting our own .
Our grandest ambition really was we thought we could make small games and sell them back to companies like Sierra or Pogo and make a few bucks that way .
Was it PopCap at the time , or were you going by a different name ?
BF : Well ...
If [ our VP of communications ] Garth [ Chouteau ] was on the line , he 'd probably try and get us to not talk about this ...
JK : Yeah .
The initial name was ...
Sexy Action Cool .
The short story was that it was an inside joke from back at Edmonton that we had , and the URL was obviously available .
The main thing was that we did n't really expect that we'd be using our company name as a public website ; we thought we'd be a developer where people in the industry might know who we were , but it would n't really matter for the general public if they were just going to our games through Microsoft or Pogo or whatever .
We did n't really think it mattered how wacky our company name was .
So that was the choice we made , and two months after that , when we started getting traffic to our site to play Bejeweled and so forth , that that was maybe not the best title for a family , casual game kind of company .
PopCap Games was just a DBA for a super long time .
We had paychecks going out as Sexy Action Cool for many , many years after we started hiring employees ...
BF : Yeah , pretty humorous getting that check .
I think , yeah , for awhile -- I 'm Canadian , so then I was on a work visa for awhile -- I had to stop at the border to explain that I was working for an internet company called Sexy Action Cool , which usually got you some funny looks from border officials .
( Laughs )
That does n't seem all that out there for a 2000 internet company , though .
JK : No , it was n't ... [ but ] for a casual game company , it was not the best name ; so we did eventually change it .
PopCap was just -- we all wanted a shorter name that was a little more friendly and sounded more mass market and casual .
I liked the word " pop , " so I just started looking through all these possible combinations of phrases that were six letters or less that had the word " pop " in it .
BF : It should have been PopFrog .
JK : I think we would have been PopFrog if it had been available , but someone had taken PopFrog .
I remember we liked PopCap , but there was definitely some question -- at the time , the phrase " pop a cap in your ass " was kind of common .
There was a little concern over whether that would have the wrong connotations .
But overall , we thought it had nice appeal , and more importantly the URL was available .
A reader wrote in this morning to tip us off to an article , asking if it was , perhaps , " the most awful dating advice ever . "
I do n't know if it 's the most awful , Dear Reader , but I 'd say it 's pretty close .
Advertisement
Dr. Pat Allen , one of the many doctors unleashed upon us by Oprah Winfrey , who honestly needs to have her Doctor Referral license stripped based purely on her promotion of Dr. Phil alone , is a sassy psychotherapist who has dating down to a science .
Like most dating experts , she claims to have the real keys to success , as far as finding Mr. Right goes .
She 's currently on a whirlwind tour to promote her book , " The Truth About Men Will Set You Free ... But First It'll Piss You Off ! " a tome dedicated to the notion that if you want to date men , you need to be as shallow as possible : " Do n't worry about what he 's going to think about your job , family , background , friends …he just cares about how you look . "
Oh , thank god !
And here I was , looking for someone who gave a shit about something besides my hair .
Advertisement
Allen recently gave an interview to the Examiner , wherein she elaborated a bit on her dating techniques .
Interviewer Erin Laurence asks a few questions , and Allen gives ... interesting answers .
Let 's explore them a bit , shall we ?
Erin Laurence :
What do women need to know before hitting the dating scene ?
Dr. Pat Allen : First , you have to know the category of man you want .
Women want generally .
" I want a man who has old money from a good family . "
Men want specifically .
" I want her . "
Oh yes , because " I want her " is much more specific than " I want a man who has old money from a good family . "
And oh , those women !
Always looking for the walking ATM , they are .
Golddigging whores , the lot of you !
Perhaps if you were more specific , you 'd get what you wanted , just like the men do .
Why can't you be more like men , ladies ?
You are all so confused !
EL : How important is being in good shape ?
Dr. PA : The best bodies get the best money .
It 's based on statistics .
Rich women are thin unless they 're from another culture where men have freedom to have many women .
Dirtiest trick for a woman is to get him off the market and then break his toy ( gain weight ) .
Women say , " All you want from me is sex . " And the answer is yes .
Advertisement
So , in short , you need to be rich to " trap a man . "
And women who gain weight are just dirty , manipulative bitches who are clearly trying to break a man 's spirit , and penis , apparently .
Or maybe they 're just poor .
What the hell is this lady talking about ?
EL : What is dressing for the family ?
Dr. PA : It looks preppy .
It likes like " good school , " " neat slacks . "
It 's the sweater that matches and is tied around the neck .
Every woman can dress for the man she 's looking to attract .
Old money dresses preppy .
New money dresses trendy .
If you like really brainy nerds , then you can wear nerdy clothes .
If you like athletes then dress for an athlete .
If you 're a good girl and you dress sexy when you meet him , he might say to you , " You used to dress sexy and now your square . "
You can't make a first impression twice .
Oh heavens , do n't be a square !
How dare you dress sexy and then wear sweatpants !
Tramp !
Harlot !
Misleading whore !
You knew what you were doing in that skirt .
And now you dare to be square ?
Men do n't like women with more than one aspect to their personality .
Do n't you girls know anything ?
EL : What should n't you wear ?
Dr. PA : Do n't wear silk , silk sweats and shows anxiety .
I do n't want you to sweat in front of him .
It gives away the store .
Then he can muscle power you into sex .
And you give away the whole thing , all because you wore silk .
Men are very visual .
Advertisement
I was not aware of this , you guys .
Did you know this ?
Pit stains on your silk shirt give a man a license to " muscle power you into sex . "
And because you 're such a sweaty tramp , you allow this to happen .
What were you thinking , Silky McGee ?
You got nervous , and now a guy can have sex with you whenever he wants .
You were totally asking for it , what with your normal bodily functions reacting against a fabric .
Thanks again , Oprah .
Maybe next month we can visit Dr. Phil and have him yell at us for being born with a vagina , as that gives men the right to " muscle power " us into doing whatever the hell they want , too .
I understand that Allen is going for the superficial here : her book title alone claims that " the truth " about men , namely , I 'm guessing , that they making instant judgments about women based on their appearances , will " piss you off . "
But it 's not the obvious " a first impression means a lot " advice that 's so infuriating : it 's the notion that a woman deserves to be treated a certain way based solely on her clothes .
Sweating through silk is not a license for a man to push you into bed , sticking to the same style simply to please a man is not a healthy way to start a relationship , and gaining weight while you 're in a relationship is n't always some stealth ( and insane ) plan to " trap " your poor , defenseless boyfriend into having a sexless life .
Allen may think she knows the truth about men , but it would serve her well to consider realities that go beyond " game " and bar pickups .
Allen 's men all want you to play a role and be someone you 're not , and Allen seems to think that 's perfectly fine .
Perhaps next time she 'll consider that women do n't have to lose themselves in order to please somebody else .
Advertisement
Stylish Dating Tips You Don't Want To Miss [ Examiner ]
The Truth About Men Will Set You Free ... But First It'll Piss You Off !
Hannah Rothstein , 7 months old , has double thighs and a dimpled bottom , but very svelte German underwear .
She can still fit into her birth - to - 3 - month - old clothes because she lacks her peers ' familiar bulge in the rear .
She can sleep all night without a diaper .
And during the day , every so often , after her mother , Melinda , of Newton , Mass. , places her on a plastic potty and makes a little " pss-wss -wss " sound like the one used to call a cat , Hannah uses the toilet .
For many parents in the United States , the idea of potty training before a baby is able to walk , or even before age 2 , is not just horrifying but reprehensible -- a sure nightmare for parents and baby , not to mention a direct route from the crib to the psychiatrist 's couch .
But a growing number of parents are experimenting with infant potty training , seeing it as more sanitary , ecologically correct and likely to strengthen bonds between parent and child .
About 2,000 people across the country have joined Internet groups and e-mail lists to learn more about the techniques of encouraging a baby -- too young to walk or talk -- to go in a toilet , a sink or a pot .
Through a nonprofit group , Diaper Free Baby ( www.diaperfreebaby.org), 77 local groups have formed in 35 states to encourage the practice .
One author 's how - to books on the subject have sold about 50,000 copies .
" It 's just so simple , " said Lamelle Ryman , who recently attended a support meeting at an apartment on the Upper West Side .
Ms. Ryman , the mother of 7 - month - old Neshama , added , " I feel like it 's been such a gift in our relationship . "
