“ People have been pondering ball lightning for a couple of centuries , ” says James Brian Mitchell , a scientist the University of Rennes in France .
Mitchell says that different theories of how it forms , and why it burns in air , have been considered , but until now there were no experimental indications of what might be happening as part of the ball lightning phenomenon .
Now , working with fellow Rennes scientist LeGarrec , as well as Dikhtyar and Jerby from Tel Aviv University and Sztucki and Narayanan at the European Synchrotron Radiation Facility in Grenoble , France , Mitchell can prove that nanoparticles likely exist in ball lightning .
The results of the work by Mitchell and his colleagues can be found in Physical Review Letters : “ Evidence for Nanoparticles in Microwave - Generated Fireballs Observed by Synchrotron X - Ray Scattering . ”
“ A group in New Zealand came up with this idea of ‘ dusty plasma , ’ ” Mitchell tells PhysOrg.com .
“ They thought that nanoparticles burning in air could cause ball lightning to remain for seconds , rather than disappearing after milliseconds .
This was an attractive model . ”
But the model could n’t be proved without detecting the nanoparticles .
Mitchell says that he saw a paper by Jerby describing the creation of a fireball in controlled conditions .
“ These fireballs floated in air , ” Mitchell explains .
“ They resemble ball lightning . ”
This provided an opportunity to study whether or not nanoparticles were likely to exist in this natural phenomenon , shedding light on a scientific mystery .
Video of a floating fireball : WMV ( 610KB )
The work was done at the European Synchrotron Radiation Facility in Grenoble .
The facility uses an x-ray that is 10 billion times more powerful than a typical x-ray found in a hospital .
Additionally , Mitchell explains , the accelerator for the synchrotron is more than a kilometer in circumference : “ We can get measurements here that we could n’t get in many other places . ”
“ We passed an x-ray beam through the fireball we made , and saw that it was scattered .
This indicated that there were particles inside the fireball . ”
Not only were Mitchell and his peers able to determine that nanoparticles must exist in fireballs similar to ball lightning , but they were also able to take measurements .
“ Particle size , density , distribution and even decay rate were measured using this technique , ” he says .
Mitchell ’s work with fireballs is n’t finished .
When PhysOrg.com spoke to him for this article , he was back in Grenoble taking more measurements .
“ This is interesting from a fundamental standpoint , ” he insists , “ and right now we are more interested in size and structure . ”
Additionally , he says that some of the particles will be trapped and sent to Tel Aviv in order to study them for composition .
Mitchell hopes that this work will have more practical applications as well .
“ We are working with coupling the nanoparticles with microwave energy , ” he says .
“ They heat up very quickly .
This could be a way of producing catalysts for other experiments . ”
Right now , it looks as though one of the mysteries of ball lightning has been solved .
This experiment has provided a strong case for the presence of nanoparticles in ball lightning .
The next step is discovering what scientists can do with the information .
More videos can be found at www.eng.tau.ac.il/~jerby/Fireballs.html
Copyright 2007 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
Explore further Tethered nanoparticles make tumor cells more vulnerable
You ’ve launched an amazing product or service .
Now what ?
Now , you need to get the word out .
But you ’re on a budget and ca n’t afford the $ 10 K a month to hire a fancy agency and put out press releases .
That ’s fine .
You ’re better off executing you ’re on strategy or hiring a really awesome consultant .
When done well , good PR can be much more effective and less expensive than advertising .
For cost - conscious businesses , ROI is crucial .
Every penny spent on marketing should generate revenue .
PR is no different .
Here are the steps you should take to form a successful strategy for your business :
1 . Let go of the agency allure
The sad truth about PR is that existing process are broken .
They ’re outdated , costly , and inefficient .
Many agencies are still buying very expensive ‘ media lists ’ and blasting our press releases and pitches to hundreds of journalists at a time .
It ’s hard for the PR industry to track and measure the value of what they do .
Press release blasts entirely miss the mark on target audiences .
To succeed with PR , you need to focus less on the appeal of an agency and focus more heavily to focus on results .
Prioritize what you want to achieve , not outdated ‘ best practices . ’
If you want to get in front of journalists , for instance , you are likely better off forming 1:1 relationships than bombarding them with irrelevant pitches .
2. Know When to Use a Press Release
A press release is worthwhile if your announcement is over - the - top catchy and newsworthy .
But here ’s the thing — most press releases read like giant sales pitches .
If you think that journalists and publishers are going to be attracted to lukewarm content , guess again .
They ’re not .
They do n’t care .
Their email inboxes fill up with 100s of spam messages again .
We hate to say it but marketers — get your head out of the clouds .
The world does not revolve around your business , and journalists could care less about what you have to say .
If your goal is to get targeted placements for your brand , you will be better off cultivating a unique and thoughtful pitch in your area of specialty .
A press release wo n’t cut it .
Position your organization as a valuable , reliable , and trustworthy source of information instead .
3. Focus on Building Relationships and Making Connections
The problem with PR is ‘ spray and prey ’ or ‘ broadcast ’ mentality .
If you shout at journalists with a megaphone , they ’re not going to listen .
Above all , journalists care about compelling stories .
They want to hear about your founders ’ emotional journeys .
They want to know what problem your company is solving and what motivates your team to wake up and come to work in the mornings .
Treat journalists like trusted business partners , not eyeballs .
Develop a conversation .
Let them ask questions .
Strategic Planning Wins the Race
Every so often , you ’ll come across startups that generate insane amounts of traction on almost zero budget .
You might think that it ’s the outcome of luck — most likely , that is n’t the case .
The more likely scenario is careful , strategic planning .
WIth online media , Hollywood success stories are few and far between .
Behind the scenes , marketers are hard at work — building key relationships with key stakeholders .
Karen X Cheng founded Dance in a Year , a platform that helps users learn anything in a year .
Karen learned to dance in a year and videotaped her entire journey .
The outcome was an amazing video that went viral on YouTube .
In just a few short months , her video has amassed millions of views .
She makes the experience of learning to dance look seamlessly easy .
She makes the process of making a viral video look pretty darn easy too .
That ’s how you know that she put some real muscle behind the process .
First , she posted her video to Facebook and Twitter , as well as social news sites like Reddit and Hacker News .
She asked her friends to share the it and tweeted it to established bloggers .
She also reached to bloggers who had previously written about viral dance video .
Of the channels she pursued , Reddit was the top performer .
The video gained attention and made its way to the top of the GetMotivated subreddit page .
After day 1 , she received 80 K views .
Day 2 was discovery day .
The bloggers who had seen her video previously began telling her story on sites like Mashable , Jezebel , and the Huffington Post .
These blogs were significant traffic drivers to Karen ’s video .
This coverage amplified her web traffic numbers to 800 K views .
The video ’s popularity pushed Karen to the YouTube homepage .
That chain of events helped take Karen to 1.8 million pageviews on the third day .
Karen also leveraged her video to connect with potential sponsors and stakeholders in her project .
These included companies like Lululemon and American Apparel – two organizations that she was happy to support .
Some of these companies supported Karen and shared her video on their social networks too .
She also released her video on Tuesday , guessing that on Monday , people are most likely to be catching up on emails from the weekend .
Use Public Relations Tools
The problem with PR is that the supply / demand ratio is completely imbalanced .
PR seekers are constantly spamming writers , journalists , and bloggers for attention .
A service called Help a Reporter Out ( HARO ) can help to alleviate some of this crunch .
Using this service , journalists can find sources to interview for upcoming stories .
People seeking PR can monitor journalist queries and join the conversation where they ’re qualified to contribute .
You can sign up for a simple e-mail digest that looks like this :
Here is what it ’s like using HARO as a journalist :
For some queries , they ’ll receive 50 + responses and most of the pitches I get are totally irrelevant .
They make the journalist jump through hoops to get the information they need .
The thing to know about journalists is that they ’re incredibly strapped for time and working under short deadlines .
From a journalist ’s perspective , here are some tips for making your HARO query stand out :
Answer the question specified in your pitch .
Do n’t assume the journalist can hop on a call .
Tell they the story you want told upfront — offer to schedule a phone conversation as a follow - up .
Send ready - to - quote material instead .
Do n’t send a generic pitch .
Send a unique , compelling story .
Share something that stands out from a typical PR blast .
Stop bombarding the writer .
Journalists work on a deadline but do not necessarily know when their work will be published .
Do n’t bombard journalists with follow - up questions .
Do n’t harass them on LinkedIn , and do n’t aggressively talk them via multiple email addresses .
If you do n’t hear a response , move on to the next story .
Do n’t be offended .
HARO writers receive a ton of emails , and it ’s impossible to respond to each and every one .
Write a really compelling email headline .
Instead of just replying to the query , take the time to craft a unique headline that summarizes your story ’s value proposition .
Remember that there is a human being on the other end of the computer screen .
Make it really , really easy to deliver your message , and the reporter will be more likely to open your email message .
Set - up Google Alerts .
Make sure that you have Google Alerts set - up for the keywords you ’re monitoring about your brand .
Especially with HARO , you may not know when a writer will feature your story .
Do n’t bombard the writer with questions .
Run Google Alerts to help you keep your eyes peeled .
Use Tools To Save Time
Save yourself the time and hassle of combing through spreadsheets and sending hundreds of emails .
Use tools that have been developed to solve your exact pain point — scale with limited resources .
One example resource is BuzzStream — a CRM ( customer relationship management ) platform that helps PR professionals build relationships , monitor conversations , and maintain historical records of conversations with PR and media platforms .
Features include :
Automated tools for researching link - building prospects
Resources for identifying campaign opportunities
Team - based tools for building and managing relationships with influencers
The ability to prioritize a human , relationship - based touch
BuzzStream lets you automate mundane tasks like saving information about key contacts and partners .
Teams can also collaborate on initiatives and delegate outreach tasks .
Collaborate With Other Business to Boost Your PR
Content marketing means that brands are becoming publishers and building their own audience bases .
Companies , like you , are looking to connect with key audiences through PR and distribution .
Team up with fellow - business blogs who are looking to reach the same audiences as your organization .
There are two ways to get going — guest post on industry blogs , or invite others to create content for your blog .
Grasshopper , a virtual phone system for entrepreneurs , uses its blog as a platform for giving props to their best customers .
The company has a “ submit your story ” program and will write about their customers who have something awesome to share .
For Grasshopper , PR is an invaluable way to say “ thanks ” to their trusted business partners .
Give Samples of Your Product or Service
One way to get press coverage is to give away trials or samples of your product or service .
Reach out to prominent journalists and bloggers , and ask if they would be open to doing a product review .
Give them a free trial or sample to try .
Always Say Thank You
When a journalist , blogger , or fellow business writes about you or your company — reach out and say thank you .
Offer yourself as a resource for future stories .
Position your organization as a company that wants to return the favor and help .
PR is , first and foremost , about building relationships .
To the best extent that you can , maintain a personal touch .
Take journalists out to dinner as a ‘ thank you ’ ( not a bribe ) for writing about you .
Show that you are grateful , and you ’ll stand apart from the crowd of people who are n’t .
Add value to your industry — do n’t extract it .
Pay it forward whenever you can .
Connection karma , and you never know when something small will materialize into something much , much bigger .
Key Takeaways
The official tax assessor of Kanawha County in West Virginia , Phyllis Gatson , has filed a lawsuit seeking an injunction to block Seneca Technologies from publishing tax maps for the entire state of West Virginia on the Internet .
Citing a state law which prohibits individuals from copying and redistributing tax maps without the county tax assessor 's permission , one that also enables tax assessors to sell paper copies of the maps for approximately $ 8 each , Gatson asserts that Seneca 's actions constitute copyright infringement and have caused her to suffer financial damages .
Seneca , a document indexing and data management company , began its quest to obtain tax maps for all of West Virginia last year by sending a Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) request to the state tax department , which has digital copies of all of the tax maps for internal use .
When the state declined to fulfill the FOIA request and insisted that Seneca pay $ 8 for each of the 20,936 TIF images ( a total of $ 167,488 ) , the company filed a lawsuit to force the agency to comply with its obligations under the FOIA .
The Judge ruled in favor of Seneca , noting that the state law requiring payment applied only to paper maps and not digital copies .
The tax department was forced to provide the entire collection of maps for a single payment of $ 20 to compensate it for the total reproduction costs .
After obtaining the maps , Seneca then made them available for free on the Internet through its own web site so that they could be accessed by the general public .
Seneca plans to use its document indexing technologies to create an elaborate search system that makes it easy for users to correlate information from the tax maps with other data stored in Seneca 's databases .
Gatson , an individual county tax assessor , responded to Seneca 's plans by filing a lawsuit in an effort to win an injunction that would force Seneca to take down the TIF images .
Seneca is represented by activist group Public Citizen , which recently filed a memorandum in opposition to the injunction ( PDF ) which argues that publication of the maps does not cause financial damage to Gatson because anyone can now obtain the maps from the state at the cost of $ 20 , and prohibiting publication of the maps would violate the First Amendment .
The filing also describes numerous pragmatic and ethical considerations that justify publication of the maps — describing how the information is of value to diverse groups ranging from environmentalists to mineral extraction companies — and notes that broad public access to the information increases transparency and accountability in the tax assessment process .
" When combined with text of other files that contain the entire state 's property assessment data , including the owner 's name , address , parcel identification number , assessed value , and other pertinent information , the maps provide a new level of transparency to the assessment process , thus enabling citizens to monitor the adequacy of plaintiff 's performance of her public duties , " the filing says .
" For example , does an influential person or company , such as a particular public official or campaign contributor , have land that is assessed at significantly lower value than bordering properties ?
Can any differences in assessment be explained by differing size of parcel , topographical configuration , and the like ? "
The filing also notes that the state law barring reproduction and distribution of tax maps without written permission from county tax assessors is n't valid because federal copyright law includes a preemption provision that precludes state copyright laws .
The filing notes that the state law banning free redistribution of tax maps acts like a copyright law while failing to provide any of the counterbalances found in federal copyright law , such as limited duration .
And even if the maps were protected by copyright , the filing contends , Seneca 's actions would still likely fall within the realm of fair use .
It is worth noting that several states already broadly make tax maps available online for free .
The state of Oregon , for instance , offers a highly sophisticated interactive tax map interface on its ORMAP web site .
Seneca 's conflict with a county tax assessor over Internet publication of public records reflects some of the problems that society will face as more government information transitions from static print into digital formats .
Seneca 's efforts to integrate the information into a more cohesive database that would provide significant value to citizens of West Virginia have been assaulted every step of the way by anachronistic laws and misguided government officials .
It is a sad day when a company attempting to provide a public service at its own expense is barred from doing so by outdated and legally dubious state laws .
Further reading
By CHRISTOPHER STEVENS
Last updated at 08:50 26 February 2008
David :
His parents realised he could be autistic when he was 16 months old
But what is certain is that living with an autistic child is a daunting challenge .
In a new book , CHRISTOPHER STEVENS writes poignantly about life with his autistic son .
It 's a moving account of the boy 's struggle to cope with a world that confuses him - and the extraordinary leap forward that gave them all hope ...
The first time we dared face the idea there might be something wrong with David , he was 16 months old .
The community nurse gave him the once - over , weighing him , prodding him and listening to his lungs .
She asked how many words he 'd mastered , and we said : " One - ' a - duh ' .
It means ' dog ' . "
His older brother James had about a hundred words at this age , but then , David was earlier to walk .
They all have different talents , do n't they ?
The nurse made a note , showed David some flashing lights and spinning toys , then stood behind him and called his name .
He did n't react .
She called again , more sharply .
David ignored her .
The nurse shook her head .
" He ought to turn around .
It should be instinct .
And his speech is slow to develop - have you noticed any hearing problems ? "
Had we noticed ?
The whole street was painfully aware that David suffered from ear infections .
The screams that signalled pain were even more piercing and relentless than his usual howls of protest .
He had screamed since he was a baby .
Whimpering and bleating gradually built into head - splitting wailing which went on and on until it burned itself out and David fell asleep .
One day we bumped into two of our neighbours , telling them we had just returned from the ear clinic .
The husband , a man in his 60s , said : " We 've always said that baby had something wrong with him . "
Other people were less rude , but they gawked when David shrieked in shops or parks .
The idea of admitting that people like that man might be right was unthinkable .
But after the nurse 's visit , my wife Nicky started to search for information on speech and language delays .
There were many possible causes - and the most devastating was autism .
She found the standard medical textbook on mental health , Diagnostic and Statistical Manual Of Mental Disorders ( DSM - IV ) .
It catalogued the criteria for autism : David would have to match at least six of them from a list of 12 .
We worked our way down the page ; David matched point after point .
He never held our gaze and rarely made eye contact , his face revealed his feelings only when he was screaming and he did n't use gestures like waving or pointing .
He ignored dogs , cats and his brother ( " failure to develop peer relationships " ) .
If he had ever brought a toy to show us , we could n't think when ( " lack of spontaneous seeking to share enjoyment " ) .
He was oblivious to our attempts to play games like peek - a- boo or chase , and did n't copy other children ( " lack of social reciprocity and appropriate play " ) .
He could n't talk , and showed no sign of understanding anything we said ( " lack of language development " ) .
He watched the same videos repeatedly , spent hours stepping back and forth across bumps in the path , and was fixated on slamming doors ( " abnormally intense and focused preoccupations " ) .
He shrieked if we turned left instead of right when we stepped outside the door ( " inflexible adherence to specific routines " ) .
He fluttered his hands in front of him when agitated ( " repetitive motor movements " ) .
I made a last attempt to laugh it off by underlining fragments of the criteria which could apply to me .
" I 've got dodgy social skills , " I said .
" I like to be solitary .
I 've got a million rituals .
He 's not autistic , he 'll just grow up to be a journalist . "
" Stop making a joke of it , " Nicky told me .
" We need to see a doctor . "
Scroll down for more ...
Alternative universe : David as a baby
We were referred to a consultant paediatrician at Bristol 's Royal Hospital for Children , but our appointment was an agonising nine months away .
Everything that Nicky had read about autism emphasised that " early intervention " was essential , so we booked a private consultation .
After examining our son , the BUPA paediatrician told us to go back to our GP and insist on seeing a specialist as soon as we could .
We took David to the children 's clinic to be assessed , but felt like frauds .
He was grinning and bouncing .
There were two other children in the waiting room , both in wheelchairs .
One little girl was bald , with dark rings around her eyes .
She looked exhausted .
The other might have been a boy or a girl - thick curls , round face , a clear bag on a stick which fed a liquid through a tube under the child 's jumper .
I smiled at the mother .
" Who 's this ? " I asked .
She just stared at me .
" Kayley , " she said at last .
" Hello , Kayley .
You 've got lovely hair . "
The child 's head lolled from side to side .
" She 's deaf , " the mother said , " and blind .
She can't move on her own .
She has to be fed through a tube in her belly . "
She said each fact like an accusation .
Whatever was wrong with our child , it was insignificant compared to her daughter 's ailments .
I wanted to take my child away .
He did n't belong here .
Finally , after several weeks , the initial diagnosis came through at yet another appointment .
" Your son is probably not autistic , or only mildly so , " Dr Smith said .
" He has a communication disorder , but my opinion is that he 's outside the autistic spectrum . "
This was the headline news as far as I was concerned - " Nightmare over : screaming boy of Bristol is not a fruitloop , say medics " .
Nicky was less trusting .
She wanted to see the written report .
That came two weeks later by post .
It described David 's " significant difficulties " with communication , his " unusual " behaviour and his way of treating others " more as objects than people " .
" All these aspects clearly put David within the autistic spectrum , " the report concluded .
We read it over and over .
Dr Smith at least had the grace to visit us and apologise .
He admitted he had based his conclusions on his brief inspection of David six months earlier , in our kitchen .
He had n't looked at the stack of reports from the assessment .
Now he revised his diagnosis : David was moderately to severely autistic .
By the time the specialists called us to a meeting , the final stage of the report , David 's diagnosis had been revised upward again .
He was now " profoundly autistic " .
In the following months , Nicky and were desperate to treat David ' problems .
We were ready to consider any treatment .
There were two main contenders : behaviour and diet .
We heard about applied behavioural analysis ( also known as the Lovaas technique ) .
This method involved a parent or teacher spending 30 to 40 hours each week with the children , mirroring every gesture and sound .
I went to a lecture on it , but the more the lecturer talked dismissively about our son , the more I thought : " I love my son , it 's you I can't stand . "
We did n't want to make David invisible , as this lecturer was advising .
The therapy sounded like an expensive way of making sure he was never happy again .
So we tried every day to broaden his diet : chocolate , pineapple , buttered bread , Sugar Puffs .
But all he drank , from a baby bottle , was full - fat milk diluted with boiling water , and dry Weetabix .
If we had banned these foods , he would simply have starved .
The one story that sums up how David 's mind works is when we went to the beach at Aberdovey in Wales .
The waves were no more than ripples , and the shallow water was warm - perfect for toddlers to paddle in .
It was a few weeks after David 's third birthday .
If we could only get David 's toes into the water , we'd have achieved something normal as a family : we'd have gone paddling at the seaside together .
David let Nicky carry him on her hip , while she splashed with James at the water 's edge .
Faced with a little brother who wo n't let go of Mummy in the sea , a healthy five - year - old ca n't restrain himself for ever .
James managed 90 seconds .
Two - handed , he sloshed a pint of seawater straight at David 's face .
We braced ourselves for a shriek that would freeze the whole beach like a panoramic photo .
But David did n't scream .
He blinked , then chuckled .
Nicky seized her chance and dipped David 's legs in the water .
He chuckled some more .
At last , she let him down and held his hand as he stood waist - deep in the water .
We cheered as Nicky let go of his fingers .
David sat down .
He disappeared .
Even as his face vanished below the surface , he looked serene .
He must have been certain , until he was submerged , that the water level would go down as he sat - the truth did n't hit him for a couple of seconds .
He then lurched to his feet and strode out of the water in outrage .
He was n't frightened of the sea , he was simply disgusted at its behaviour .
If the water did n't have the sense to remain waist - high , David was having nothing to do with it .
Years later , I was watching James play a video game and realised that , although the cartoon hero seemed to be leaping , ducking and running , he really remained dead - centre of the screen all the time .
We expected to see the man move , not the world , because that 's how life is .
But that 's not how things happen in cartoons .
And it 's not how things happen in David 's life , either .
He is always dead - centre of the screen .
The world flows around him .
Nicky and I laughed until we hurt that afternoon , but David never saw the funny side .
He refused to be carried on to Aberdovey beach again .
Yet David was full of surprises .
One day , when he was five - and - a - half , he started talking .
It was as simple , and as unexpected , as that .
We had always insisted he did n't have learning difficulties , only understanding difficulties .
He could learn to do anything he wanted , such as unbuckle a harness or operate a video player .
He would n't learn to do anything we wanted because he did n't see why he should .
David did n't understand - and without words , we could n't make him .
When he started talking , we realised the problem was more complex .
But it hardly mattered , because we were so overjoyed to hear his voice .
He paraded his vocabulary for the first time just after Christmas , in the sitting room .
I 'd slipped away to the kitchen and when I came back with mugs of tea , Nicky was wiping tears from her eyes .
She shushed me before I could speak .
" Watch this , " she said : " David , what is it ? "
Nicky held up a toy Kawasaki .
David glanced at it and said : " Motorbike . "
I gasped .
" And he is n't copying me , " Nicky added .
" That 's what is incredible .
He knows the word .
Look - David , what is it ? "
" Racing car . "
" Good boy !
And there , in the toy bucket - what 's that ? "
" Ambulance . "
He was saying the words perfectly , without prompting , and though his eyes only flickered at the toys , he was clearly loving the game and waiting for each challenge .
Nicky worked through every bucket of toys that morning and David knew almost every name .
He came out with words that would have taxed any five - year - old - " narrowboat " , " rhinoceros " , " steamroller " .
How long had he known " rhinoceros " ?
And how was he able to say it so beautifully , without any practice ?
For months , or years , he must have been secretly listening to words and taking them in .
Now he could say them , but could n't tell us why .
As David has grown , we have hung on to one hope .
His autism ebbs and flows , and whatever improvements he makes soon fade away - but the improvements always come back more strongly .
" If he did it once , " we say , " eventually , he 'll do it some more . "
There 's one sign of this which renews our hope every year : each Christmas , he remembers how to join in the fun .
David unpacks the decorations and races round the coffee table on a scooter , while Nicky and James hang baubles on the tree .
He sings along to carols , and curls up in a ball with his fingers in his ears when we pull crackers , and wears bangles and braces made of tinsel .
There 'll be hugs as well .
David has become very fond of hugs .
He does n't often put his arms round anyone , but he loves to be grabbed and squeezed .
He likes to make other people hug , too - he 'll grab my wrist , drag me to Nicky , clamp his hands against the smalls of our backs and compress us .
For one day of the year , he will sit on Nicky 's lap and watch James and me playing with presents , and listen to all of us talking and laughing .
He falls about laughing himself , sometimes because we are tickling him and sometimes because life is worth a good giggle .
For one day of the year , all his routines are suspended .
David lets us control the show .
He is happy to join in , one of the family .
Hopefully , a time will come when he understands that he can live like that all year round .
Until then , corny as it sounds , we really do wish it could be Christmas every day .
• Adapted from A Real Boy by Christopher Stevens with Nicola Stevens , to be published by Michael O'Mara on Thursday at £ 6.99 .
° Christopher Stevens and Nicola Stevens 2008 .
To order a copy ( p&p free ) , call 0845 606 4206 .
[ vc_row ] [vc_column][vc_column_text ]
Heath Ledger could be the latest star to have died from an accidental overdose of prescription drugs .
Ledger was taking anti-depressants as well as the “ dangerous drug ” Ambien at the time of his death , although his autopsy today was inconclusive .
While most celebrity overdoses have been the result of either suicide or the use of illegal drugs , a surprising number of stars have died by accident — from medications you can purchase at the corner pharmacy .
Here ’s a list of accidental celebrity drug deaths :
1. ) MARILYN MONROE .
Elton John ’s “ Candle in the Wind ” died from an overdose of sleeping pills — specifically , Nembutal and chloral hydrate .
Although Monroe ’s death was officially listed as a suicide in 1962 , many forensic experts and investigators now say the overdose was more likely to have been accidental .
2. ) ELVIS PRESLEY .
Perhaps the most famous prescription - drug abuser of all time , Elvis Presley died in 1977 from an overdose of medications while on the toilet in his Graceland mansion .
Presley ’s ex-wife wrote : “ Presley was taking Placidyls to combat severe insomnia in ever increasing doses and later took Dexedrine to counter the sleeping pills ’ after effects . ”
Presley ’s personal physician , Dr. George C. Nichopoulos , concluded : “ Elvis ’s problem was that he did n’t see the wrong in it .
He felt that by getting [ pills ] from a doctor , he was n’t the common everyday junkie … ”
3. ) JUDY GARLAND .
Judy Garland , the Wizard of Oz star was found dead in her London bathroom by her husband in 1969 .
Coroner Gavin Thursdon said the cause of death was an accidental overdose of Seconal .
4. ) MICHAEL JACKSON .
On June 25 , 2009 the “ King of Pop ” , Michael Jackson died from an acute intoxication of propofol and benzodiazepine .
5. ) ANNA NICOLE SMITH .
According to Wikipedia , “ Ultimately her death [ in 2007 ] was ruled an accidental drug overdose of the sedative chloral hydrate that became increasingly lethal when combined with other prescription drugs in her system , specifically 4 benzodiazepines : Klonopin ( Clonazepam ) , Ativan ( Lorazepam ) , Serax ( Oxazepam ) , and Valium ( Diazepam ) .
Furthermore , she had taken Benadryl ( Diphenhydramine ) and Topamax ( Toprimate ) , an anticonvulsant GABA agonist , which likely contributed to the sedative effect of chloral hydrate and the benzodiazepines . ”
6. ) DOROTHY DANDRIDGE .
The first African - American actress to be nominated for an Academy Award , Dorthy Dandridge was found dead in West Hollywood in 1965 from an overdose of Imipramine , a tricyclic antidepressant .
It ’s believed she improperly combined the medication — which she took for her bipolar disorder — with pain medication she received after breaking an ankle .
7. ) BRITTANY MURPHY .
On December 20 , 2009 actress Brittany Murphy passed away due to pneumonia , anemia and high levels of her prescribe medications : hydrocodone , acetaminophen , L- methamphetamine and chlorpheniramine .
8. ) BRUCE LEE .
According to wikipedia , the famed martial artist Bruce Lee died on May 10 , 1973 due to an analgesic ( painkiller ) that was given to him for a headache .
The painkiller contained both aspirin and a tranquilizer , meprobamate .
9. ) MARGEUX HEMINGWAY .
On July 1 , 1996 , the actress Margeux Hemingway and grand daughter of Ernest Hemingway was found dead at the age of 42 in her studio apartment due to an apparent overdose of phenobarbital .
10 . ) ROBERT WALKER .
Perhaps the most bizarre accidental prescription - drug death .
Robert Walker , the star of Hitchcock ’s Strangers on a Train died mysteriously in 1951 after being given an injection of the “ truth serum ” sodium amytal by psychiatrists at his home .
11 . ) HEATH LEDGER .
On January 22 , 2008 influential actor and director Heath Ledger died in his Manhattan apartment from an accidental overdose due to the combined effects of oxycodone , hydrocodone , diazepam , temazepam , alprazolam and doxylaminie .
12 . ) WHITNEY HOUSTON .
Beloved singer , songwriter and actress Whitney Houston died on February 11 , 2012 due to drowning , atherosclerotic heart disease , cocaine , diphenhydramine , alprazolam , cannabis and cyclobenzaprine .
13 . ) PHILIP SEYMOUR HOFFMAN .
On February 2 , 2014 actor Philip Seymour Hoffman died at the age of 46 in a Manhattan apartment due to “ acute mixed drug intoxication ” from including heroin , cocaine , benzodiazepines and amphetamine .[/vc_column_text ][/vc_column ] [/vc_row ]
WASHINGTON 
In continued defiance of the White House , House Democratic leaders are readying a proposal that would reject giving legal protection to the phone companies that helped in the National Security Agency ’s program of wiretapping without warrants after the Sept. 11 attacks , Congressional officials said Monday .
Instead of blanket immunity , the tentative proposal would give the federal courts special authorization to hear classified evidence and decide whether the phone companies should be held liable .
House Democrats have been working out the details of their proposal in the last few days , officials said , and expect to take it to the House floor for a vote on Thursday .
The Democrats ’ proposal would fall far short of what the White House has been seeking .
President Bush has been insisting for months that Congress give retroactive immunity to the phone companies , calling it a vital matter of national security .
The Senate gave him what he wanted in a vote last month that also broadened the government ’s eavesdropping powers .
But House Democratic leaders have balked at the idea .
When the White House would not agree allow more time for negotiations , House leaders last month let expire a temporary six - month surveillance measure .
The White House says the Democrats ’ inaction has imperiled national security .
Democrats have accused Mr. Bush of fear - mongering .
They found that a 5 - foot - 8 man was just as successful in getting dates as a 6 - footer if he made more money — precisely $ 146,000 a year more .
For a 5 - foot - 2 man , the number was $ 277,000 .
[ For more of these trade - offs , see nytimes.com/tierneylab . ]
Image Credit ...
John Hersey
Online dating reveals the most exquisite calibrations of the Flaw - O - Matic because the daters fill out questionnaires listing more attributes than could ever fit in a personal ad .
They can spend all day finding minute faults in hundreds of potential partners .
But that ’s also why so many people never make a lasting match .
“ When you have all these criteria to consider , and so many people to choose from , you start striving for perfection , ” Dr. Ariely says .
“ You do n’t want to settle for someone who ’s not ideal in height , age , religion and 45 other dimensions . ”
It ’s the same problem afflicting New Yorkers : with so many prospects in the big city , they refuse to stop searching .
Customers of online dating services typically end up going out with fewer than 1 percent of the people whose profiles they study online .
But something very different happens at a speed - dating event .
The average participant makes a match with at least 1 in 10 of the people they meet ; some studies have found the average is 2 or 3 out of 10 .
Women are still pickier than men , and in some speed - dating experiments they still prefer affluent , well - educated men , but the preference is less strong — and in some other studies they do n’t discriminate at all by income or social status .
What happens to speed daters ’ Flaw - O - Matics ?
The people at these events realize that there are n’t an infinite number of possibilities .
If they want to get anything out of the evening , they have to settle for less than perfection .
They also ca n’t help noticing that they have competition , and that their ideal partner just might prefer someone else .
US President Bush and Vice President Cheney meet Joint Chiefs and Combatant Commanders in the Cabinet Room at the White House in Washington January 29 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Jim Young
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Voters in two Vermont towns on Tuesday approved a measure that would instruct police to arrest President George W. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney for “ crimes against our Constitution ” , local media reported .
The nonbinding , symbolic measure , passed in Brattleboro and Marlboro in a state known for taking liberal positions on national issues , instructs town police to “ extradite them to other authorities that may reasonably contend to prosecute them ” .
Vermont , home to maple syrup and picture - postcard views , is known for its liberal politics .
State lawmakers have passed nonbinding resolutions to end the war in Iraq and impeach Bush and Cheney , and several towns have also passed resolutions of impeachment .
None of them have caught on in Washington .
Bush has never visited the state as president , though he has spent vacations at his family compound in nearby Maine .
Roughly 12,000 people live in Brattleboro , located on the Connecticut River in the state ’s southeastern corner .
Nearby Marlboro has a population of roughly 1,000 .
TAIPEI , March 17 ( Reuters ) - Bloodshed in Tibet last week is wedging its way into the centre of Taiwan 's March 22 presidential election , threatening the chances of a front - runner who has pledged closer ties with political rival China .
Taiwan 's feisty and uncensored media has given wide coverage to the violence on the streets of Lhasa , and all sides of the island 's political spectrum have weighed in to condemn China , whose government also claims self - ruled Taiwan as its territory .
Taiwan 's ruling Democratic Progressive Party , which advocates keeping a distance from China , said on Monday the island could suffer the same fate as Tibet if it gets too close to Beijing , whose troops marched into the remote Himalayan region in 1950 .
China has never renounced the use of force to bring Taiwan under its wing .
The two sides have been ruled seperately since the defeated Nationalists fled to the island at the end of a civil war with the Communists in 1949 .
" The violence in Tibet is related to our platform of resisting Chinese imperialism , " said Cheng Wen- tsan , spokesman for ruling party candidate Frank Hsieh , who is trailing in the opinion polls .
The Liberty Times said in an editorial that China 's " bloody repression " in Tibet should act as a wake - up call to the island 's voters to Beijing 's " real face " , and that they should not believe any peace treaty offers .
" If this revelation in Tibet can wake up many people in Taiwan and show them clearly China 's wild ambition to invade Taiwan , then that is a blessing from God for Taiwan , " the Chinese - language daily said .
The Hsieh camp 's Tibet - Taiwan comparison , which included lampooning Chinese officials at a mass parade in Taipei on Sunday , has put election opponent Ma Ying - jeou on the defensive after months of discussing plans for increased dialogue with China .
" To draw an analogy between Taiwan and Tibet is an incorrect one , " Ma , whose Nationalist Party once ruled all of China , told a news conference on Monday .
" Tibet is under mainland China rule , and Taiwan is not . "
But although Tibet has become a hot - button issue likely to stir votes ahead of the election , analysts say that once in office either candidate could safely push for limited China ties without running any military risk .
" Tibet is having an effect on the election , " said Lin Chong - pin , president of the Taipei - based Foundation on International and Cross - strait Studies .
" But Tibet wo n't have any real impact here , since China is very set on using a softer approach toward Taiwan . "
Still , Taiwan 's government is hoping events in Tibet could help the island attract more international sympathy and support , and even foreign news coverage of the election .
" On the one hand , they 'll ( the world 's media ) see this powerful China , which does not know the meaning of human rights .
They 'll see the long - term oppression in Tibet and the massacre there , " Shieh Jhy - wey , head of the Government Information Office , told reporters .
" But we have gone in the direction of democracy , of human rights .
We are choosing our own president . "
( Additional reporting by Ben Blanchard ; Editing by Bill Tarrant )
The Turkish military has not said how many troops are involved
It said the raid began late on Thursday after an air and artillery bombardment .
Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan has said the offensive is limited in scale and troops will return as soon as possible .
Iraqi officials say they remain unaware of any major incursion into the north , and Kurdish officials believe it took place in a remote and unpopulated area .
" The target , purpose , size and parameters of this operation are limited , " said Mr Erdogan , whose comments were televised .
PKK fighters are known to use northern Iraq as a base
Correspondents say the aim is to isolate the organisation and prevent it using northern Iraq as a launch pad for attacks on Turkish soil .
Washington said it had been informed of the incursion in advance and said it had urged the Turks to limit their action to precise targeting of rebel Kurdish targets .
A US military spokesman in Baghdad said he believed only a few hundred Turkish troops were involved in the operation .
Meanwhile , senior Iraqi Kurdish sources told the BBC the Turkish side had exaggerated the operation , which they believe to be " very , very limited " , and in a remote border area .
Earlier , Turkish broadcaster NTV reported that 10,000 soldiers had crossed the border on Thursday , a Turkish military source also confirmed for Reuters news agency that two brigades had been deployed .
' Unusual timing '
The US , the EU and Turkey consider the PKK to be a " terrorist " organisation .
Turkey 's ground incursion into northern Iraq was launched at night
Turkey has carried out at least one ground incursion , as well as frequent air and artillery strikes , against suspected PKK targets in Iraq since parliament authorised the army to act in October 2007 .
But this operation 's timing is unusual as the mountainous border area is still covered with heavy snow , the BBC's Sarah Rainsford reports from Istanbul .
Nor have there been any major PKK attacks inside Turkey for some time , she adds .
More than 30,000 people have been killed since the PKK began fighting for a Kurdish homeland in south - eastern Turkey in 1984 .
Mystery in Baghdad
Top Iraqi Kurdish and government officials are saying there has been no crossing at the Habur bridge , the only major land route into Iraq , the BBC's Jim Muir reports from Baghdad .
Kurdistan Democratic
Party militants who control the area in question inside northern Iraq say they have not detected any Turkish forces near any of their own lines .
The office of Turkish President Abdullah Gul says the leader phoned his Iraqi counterpart , Jalal Talabani , about the operation on Thursday evening .
" During the call , our president conveyed information on the objective of the ground operation , " Mr Gul 's office said .
Mr Talabani's office confirmed a conversation had taken place during which Mr Gul invited him to visit Ankara officially , and also assured him that any Turkish operations were against the PKK , not against the Iraqi Kurds .
By Bob Mionske
Kristy Gough on the podium at the Merced criterium , March 1 .
Photo : Ronald Mariano
Dear Readers ;
Tragedy struck the San Francisco Bay Area cycling community last week in a collision that killed two cyclists , and sent a third to the hospital with serious injuries .
According to reports published in local newspapers and press releases from the Santa Clara County Sheriff ’s department , this is what happened :
On Sunday morning , March 9 , a group of cyclists from was out training on Stevens Canyon Road in Santa Clara County , in the hills west of Cupertino .
There were about a dozen cyclists , most of them members of the Third Pillar Racing Team ; the cyclists were trailed by two team coaches in a van .
Three of the cyclists had pulled away , and were riding single file about 10 - 20 seconds ahead of the main group ; one of the cyclists , Matt Peterson , 29 , of San Francisco , was a member of Roaring Mouse Cycles Team .
The other two cyclists were Kristy Gough , 30 , a San Leandro resident and member of the Third Pillar Racing team and Christopher Knapp , 20 , a German national and member of the FC - Rheinland - Pfalz Racing Club .
Peterson at the Merced criterium Photo : Ronald Mariano
At about 10:25 A.M. , a Santa Clara County Sheriff ’s Deputy heading the opposite direction in his cruiser crossed the double yellow line and drove head - on into the three cyclists .
Matt Peterson was killed instantly ; Kristy Gough ’s left leg was severed , and Christopher Knapp sustained a broken arm and leg .
The three cyclists were five minutes away from their finish at Stevens Creek Reservoir when they were struck .
Arriving at the scene moments after , Third Pillar teammate Daniel Brasse , 41 , of San Mateo described the chaotic scene as “ screams of pain . ”
The sheriff ’s deputy , 27 year old James Council , who eyewitnesses later reported had been speeding and driving erratically for several miles , was reported to be “ walking around in a daze ” following the crash , saying that he “ must have fallen asleep . ”
As one cyclist was lying dead in the road , another lay dying , and a third was writhing in agony , the Deputy is reported to have paced the road , saying “ my life is over ” and “ my
career is over . ”
It was left to Brasse to administer first aid to Kristy Gough .
His heroic efforts repeatedly kept her from slipping away as they waited for a helicopter to airlift her to Stanford ; with his help , she valiantly clung to life , only to pass away later , at Stanford .
As Brasse was working to save Kristy ’s life — one look told him that Peterson was already gone — Council continued to pace in a daze , telling gathering bystanders “ I must have fallen asleep , ” until another deputy steered him away from the gathering bystanders and advised him to stop talking .
Questions raised …
Now I think we all know that many people might have the same reaction in a tragic accident — but this was n’t just anybody , this was a law enforcement officer , trained to handle emergencies .
And the fact that he ’s a law enforcement officer has raised the question of whether the investigation of this crash will be handled any differently than if the driver had not been a law enforcement officer .
Because the crash involved one of their own , the Sheriff ’s Office turned the investigation of the crash over to the California Highway Patrol .
And inexplicably , although the policy in any officer - involved crash is to test for blood alcohol level , the Highway Patrol did not test Deputy Council .
Nevertheless , the Sheriff ’s office stated that they are “ within the letter of the policy , ” implying that a blood sample has been taken .
And in fact , it was later confirmed that a blood sample had been taken , and submitted to the Highway Patrol .
However , even though a blood sample was taken , it ’s troubling that the investigating agency did not take the sample .
It ’s equally troubling that the deputy left the scene of the crash before accident investigators arrived .
Think for a moment about the protocols being followed ( or not being followed ) here .
If this were a UCI race , would the teams be allowed to control the samples of their team members ?
If UCI rules establish clear chain of custody protocols for urine samples in a race , why are chain of custody protocols for blood samples in a fatal collision less stringent ?
Are we as a society really more concerned about doping racers than we are about impaired drivers ?
Does that really make any sense ?
And if the driver were not a deputy sheriff , would the Highway Patrol decline to conduct a sobriety test , or take a blood sample ?
If the driver were not a deputy sheriff , would the Highway Patrol give the driver the option to control the chain of custody of a blood sample ?
The reporter covering this crash for the San Jose Mercury News asked those same questions , and surprisingly , the answer was yes , it is standard procedure not to test for alcohol in a fatal collision , unless DUI is suspected .
But in a crash like this , where the driver being investigated left the scene before investigators arrived , how would anybody be able to determine whether DUI was suspected ?
And the fact that he left the scene raises another question — would you or I be allowed to leave the scene of a fatal collision before investigators arrived ?
Would you or I be assisted in leaving by law enforcement personnel ?
Again , the Mercury News reports that is also standard procedure — something I think most of us find difficult to believe .
These are important points , because following the accident , news surfaced that prior to his employment with the Sheriff ’s Office , Council had been charged with two counts of drunk driving and “ exhibition of speed , ” which he successfully pleaded down to an admission of guilt on the exhibition of speed charge .
Although there is no indication that Deputy Council had been drinking prior to this collision , witnesses did report his speeding and erratic driving , and Deputy Council himself has no explanation , beyond “ I must have fallen asleep , ” for how the collision occurred .
Could he have fallen asleep ?
Driving while drowsy is certainly an all - too - common phenomenon , right up there with distracted driving and DUI .
All we know is that Deputy Council had worked a 12 ½- hour shift the day before , and had ten and a half hours off before the start of another 12 ½- hour shift at 6 a.m. , 4 1/2 hours before the fatal crash .
In the days following the crash , the curtain was torn away from law enforcement ’s “ dirty little secret we do n’t tell people about ” — most officers work long , difficult shifts , with fatigue a constant companion .
Departmental pressures force more cops to work longer hours ; as one officer put it , “ they do n’t give a crap about how tired we get . ”
Following the crash , Sheriff Laurie Smith tearfully accepted departmental responsibility for the crash .
But the damage had already been done .
Will the Sheriff ’s Department just pay out for its liability in this crash , and continue to put drowsy deputies behind the wheel ?
Or will this crash be the impetus for substantive road safety improvements , beginning with overhauling exhausting work schedules that lead to exhausted law enforcement officers ?
Media bias
In a follow - up article , the San Francisco Chronicle examined the rise in cycling fatalities in the Bay Area .
Although the number of cycling accidents is down overall , the number of cycling fatalities has risen , indicating that the accidents that are occurring are increasingly of the more dangerous variety .
In light of this data , cyclists cannot be expected to be solely responsible for their own safety .
Although impaired driving has become socially unacceptable , with high penalties attached to convictions , half of all cycling fatalities involve alcohol , and there are still almost no efforts to control either distracted driving or speeding , both of which play major roles in car - on - bike crashes .
Instead , safety is seen as the responsibility of the cyclist — witness the growth of mandatory helmet laws while distracted driving and speeding remain accepted behaviors — and when a cyclist is injured or killed , blame is inevitably shifted from the driver to the cyclist .
It happened with Lloyd Clarke , it happened with Tracey Sparling , it happened with Brett Jarolimek .
And guess what ?
It happened again last week in Cupertino .
In reporting the crash , the San Jose Mercury News exhibited the sort of media bias that I ’ve discussed in Bicycling & the Law .
First , the Mercury explained that “ The opportunities for hill climbing and downhill coasting along Stevens Canyon make the road tempting for cyclists . ”
This is a twist on the attitude that many non-cyclists share : “ What were cyclists doing there in the first place ” ?
Would the Mercury have explained why an automobile was being driven along that road ?
It seems doubtful , and yet it seemed perfectly reasonable to the Mercury to report that the road is “ tempting ” to cyclists .
What came next is all - too familiar to cyclists :
The Mercury reported that “ The group collided with the deputy ’s car . ”
In other words , even though they were riding on the right side of the road , single file and in the bike lane , and the deputy had crossed the double yellow line before going off the road and up an embankment on the other side of the road , the cyclists collided with the deputy , in the eyes of the Mercury News .
That was only the beginning of the biased media coverage .
The Mercury inexplicably went on to discuss cyclists riding two abreast .
Well , it ’s not really inexplicable , if you understand that there is an underlying anti-cyclist bias in almost every media account of cycling .
But what is remarkable about the Mercury ’s discussion of cyclists riding two abreast is that 1 ) riding two abreast is legal , and 2 ) had absolutely nothing to do with the crash , as the victims were riding single file
The Mercury News wrapped up its discussion of at - fault cyclists with one cyclist ’s observation that “ I ’ve seen bicyclists who ride crazy , and I ’ve seen cars that go too fast . ”
Lost in all of the Mercury News ’ discussion about “ crazy ” cyclists “ tempted ” by hilly roads , and riding “ two abreast , ” was one simple fact : the three cyclists were riding single file in the bike lane , on a straight , safe stretch of road , and were hit by a car that had crossed the double yellow line , colliding with them head on at an unsafe speed .
According to news reports , there were no skid marks on the roadway , indicating that the deputy never even applied his brakes .
Missing in the Mercury ’s sensationalist “ blame the victim ” coverage of the crash was any discussion of the kinds of dangers cyclists regularly face — inattentive driving , distracted driving , and drowsy driving — even though one of these real dangers was almost certainly behind last week ’s crash .
It ’s still early in the investigation , and many questions remain to be answered — questions that may take some time answering , because Deputy Council has been advised by his attorney not to talk with the investigation team from the California Highway Patrol , which is investigating .
But there are a few things we all know : we lost two amazing , talented cyclists last week , and it ’s time that we as a society get serious about road safety .
Our lives are depending on it .
Bob
( Research and drafting provided by Rick Bernardi , J.D. )
My thanks to everybody who has contacted me to request my appearance at their event on my upcoming speaking tour .
I will be speaking extensively this year , beginning in February , and will make plans to appear before any club , bike shop , or other engagement that is interested in hosting me .
As promised previously , throughout the year , I will be announcing my speaking appearances in this space .
Confirmed events for 2008 include the following :
• Evanston , Illinois February 28 , 2008 : Turin Bicycle
• Battle Creek , Michigan February 29 , 2008 : Team Active
• Philadelphia , Pennsylvania March 1 , 2008 : SRAM ’s Redbowl ( benefit for the Bicycle Coalition of Greater Philadelphia )
• Winchester , Virginia March 3 , 2008 : Winchester Wheelmen
• Washington , D.C. March 5 , 2008 : League of American Bicyclists National Bike Summit
• Washington , D.C. Date To Be Announced : Sonoma Restaurant
• Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania March 7 , 2008 : Trek of Pittsburgh
If you would like me to appear to speak at your event or shop , or to your club or group , please drop me a line at bookbob2speak@gmail.com .
I ’m looking forward to meeting as many of my readers as possible in the coming year .
Now read the fine print :
Bob Mionske is a former competitive cyclist who represented the U.S. at the 1988 Olympic games ( where he finished fourth in the road race ) , the 1992 Olympics , as well as winning the 1990 national championship road race .
After retiring from racing in 1993 , he coached the Saturn Professional Cycling team for one year before heading off to law school .
Mionske ’s practice is now split between personal - injury work , representing professional athletes as an agent and other legal issues facing endurance athletes ( traffic violations , contract , criminal charges , intellectual property , etc ) .
Mionske is also the author of Bicycling and the Law , designed to be the primary resource for cyclists to consult when faced with a legal question .
It provides readers with the knowledge to avoid many legal problems in the first place , and informs them of their rights , their responsibilities , and what steps they can take if they do encounter a legal problem .
If you have a cycling - related legal question , please send it to mionskelaw@hotmail.com
Bob will answer as many of these questions privately as he can .
He will also select a few questions each week to answer in this column .
General bicycle - accident advice can be found at www.bicyclelaw.com.
Important notice :
The information provided in the “ Legally speaking ” column is not legal advice .
The information provided on this public web site is provided solely for the general interest of the visitors to this web site .
The information contained in the column applies to general principles of American jurisprudence and may not reflect current legal developments or statutory changes in the various jurisdictions and therefore should not be relied upon or interpreted as legal advice .
Understand that reading the information contained in this column does not mean you have established an attorney - client relationship with attorney Bob Mionske .
Readers of this column should not act upon any information contained in the Web site without first seeking the advice of legal counsel .
Photo Gallery
Vietnam Bans Hamsters as Pets
If you are the proud owner of a little hamster and you live in Vietnam , it is not your week .
Due to it being lunar Year of the Rat , there has been a huge increase in hamster ownership amongst Vietnamese residents .
Real life hamster clubs and online hamster forums have sprung up everywhere and with the coming International Women ’s Day , the Vietnamese government has decided to crack down on the hamster trend .
As of today , 10 March 2008 , anyone caught possessing or trading a pet hamster will be fined up to $ 1,875 dollars .
So what will they do with all the hamsters ?
Well , there has been no mention of a plan for what to do with all the hamsters .
People are likely to release their pet instead of killing them or risking the hefty fine , but that would just add to the concerns the government has for mass reproduction and spreading of disease .
“ Destroying them all is really a big problem , ” agriculture ministry official Nguyen Thanh Son was quoted as saying .
“ I think the Vietnam animal health department should take some samples , conduct tests and see how dangerous the hamsters in Vietnam really are . ”
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
ReadWrite / Web で注目す べ
き10 のセマンティック・アプリを取り上げたエントリが公開されている。
WWW か らGGGへ？でティム・バーナーズ＝リーの仕事を取り上げたばかりだし、今後のウェブの構造化のあり方を予想する上でもここで名前の挙がっているところは注目しておこう。
ここで取り上げたことがあるのは Freebase だけだった 。
Stick to the Program ... of Lying Down in the Street :
In the original cut of the mediocre but memorable 1993 football drama The Program , drunken characters lie down in the road as a test of manhood .
They survive .
In real life , a kid was killed and two others were injured in an attempt to duplicate this " stunt . "
Touchstone pulled the scene from the movie .
If all it takes to get a movie censored is to emulate that movie in such a way that results in death , please excuse me while I start a daddy day camp and kill Fred Savage * .
Scream Mask Crimes :
The 1996 movie " Scream " was influential for several reasons -- it reinvigorated the horror genre , it launched the film careers of Neve Campbell and Jamie Kennedy ( thank the lord for that ) , it gave us " Dawson 's Creek " ( via writer Kevin Williamson ) .
And , most importantly , it provided criminals with a new favorite mask to do their crimes in .
A google search for " scream mask crime " heeds several stories from local news outlets throughout our great country .
" ' Scream ' robber is sentenced " goes one headline from Missouri , another in Nebraska reports on a rash of robberies involving Scream masks .
Shootings ?
You bet .
Hell , in France , they 've got murders , stabbings and rapes , all in Scream masks .
All mischief at least in party inspired by the film and its infamous mask .
Our favorite Scream - relataed crime ?
This dude , setting off fireworks in a store in England .
Oldboy and Cho Seung - Hui : While the Virginia Tech maniac did n't succeed at emulating ( or understanding ) the Korean revenge masterpiece Oldboy , he did include a picture of himself with a hammer in his press packet , the imagery for which was obviously lifted directly from the film .
Of course , since Cho failed so miserably in grasping the core ethics of the film he thought he was so cleverly referencing , it might be debatable whether or not this qualifies as imitation .
But it is imitation -- it 's just bad imitation .
It 's like arguing whether he was a writer .
Oh , he was a writer .
He wrote .
He was just a bad writer , and angry about it .
Red Hoodies for Hard Candy :
It 's the fourth item , and finally we have one that 's not only misguided , but flat out contradictory to it 's movie inspiration .
Surf Safe , Wear Red is a web movement that calls for its supporters to wear a red hooded sweatshirt -- like the main character of Hard Candy -- as a symbol of internet safety and anti-violence .
Hard Candy is about a fourteen year old girl who takes a trip to a pedophile 's house and tortures him , to put it gently .
There should be a disclaimer on the website that not everybody gets to " surf safe " under their tacit plan .
Some people just get to be tortured .
And I 'm not saying that pedophiles should n't be tortured .
I 'm just saying that if you 're against violence , you should consider an anti-torture stance .
They kind of go hand - in - hand .
Taxi Driver Assassination Obsession : John Hinkley , Jr , the man who almost martyred Ronald Reagan , was a very disturbed individual .
He had stalked Jimmy Carter previously and had an unhealthy obsession with Jodie Foster .
He was also obsessed with the Martin Scorsese film " Taxi Driver . "
So much so , in fact , that he believed he was the lead character , Travis Bickle .
Funny thing is that Bickle is n't really a sympathetic character in the film .
He 's also a loose cannon with some mental issues and obsessions of his own .
When Bickle attempts to assassinate a Senator , we 're supposed to believe he has slipped off the deep end .
And , when we see Bickle murder the pimps and johns who have abused the character played by a young Jodie Foster , we 're not led to cheer but to watch in confused horror .
Clearly , John Hinkley did not understand the film .
The same thing can be said for the lunatics who cite " Catcher In The Rye " as an influence for their various crimes .
My question is , " Why do the nuts always take the great films and books ? "
Why can't we have some lunatics inspired by , say , " Robocop 3 " instead .
Lunatics , stop stealing our good shit , please .
Fight Clubs : I think that , in the world of street brawling , the " B.C. " / " A.D. " before and after moment was the release of the 1999 film " Fight Club . "
The David Fincher - directed , Brad Pitt and Edward Norton - starring film ( which was based on a book by Chuck Palahniuk ) gave a respectable face to idiotic brawlers everywhere .
Before " Fight Club , " if you got into a street fight , you were a drunken brute .
After " Fight Club , " you could still be a drunken brute .
But the possibility that you were a disenfranchised , dehumanized corporate drone trying to act out his inner manliness also existed .
Thanks to the film , fight clubs ( both legitimate and illegitimate ) sprung up all over the country .
Some , like the ones that popped up in Silicon Valley , seemed inspired .
Others , like the high school - aged , testosterone drenched back alley fight clubs , really should 've gone without being " legitimized " by the film .
Oh well .
If the crazies can steal great movies , the douchebags can too .
The Resurgence of Dodgeball : Like the movie , which -- in spite of a solid comedy pedigree -- goes painfully long stretches between jokes and / or Vince Vaughan reaction shots , the sport of dodgeball has overstayed its welcome .
I am aware that this opinion injection is probably unpopular and definitely unnecessary , but sometimes you just need to get something off your chest .
For me , it 's usually my shirt or syrup or both , but this time it 's dodgeball - related , so there you have it .
End of tangent .
Dodgeball , probably the dumbest game ever invented , and possibly one of the most fun if you are n't bad at it , came back in a big way following the release of the eponymous Stiller movie .
A semi professional league really came together , and some of the matches were actually televised .
For those who were home schooled , there are exactly four possible actions in dodgeball .
You can catch , you can throw , you can dodge , or you can get hit by a ball .
That 's it .
It 's not much of a spectator sport .
So , expectedly , when buzz for the movie faded , the sport was once again forgotten .
And then , eventually , Balls of Fury came out , and everyone in China continued their table tennis dominance , and everyone everywhere else continued not caring .
The Shawshank Replication :
When the story broke late in 07 that two inmates in New Jersey broke out of prison using a poster to cover up a hole they had dug in their jail cell , 20 - somethings everywhere instantly uttered " Shawshank ! " under their breaths .
That 's because the prison break is eerily similar to the one used by Tim Robbins ' character in the film " The Shawshank Redemption . "
If the inmates had n't seen the film , I 'd be shocked .
And the fact that they got away with it says that no matter how many times TBS reruns the film , it is still not a widely - received classic .
The new test for whether or not your film has broad , mainstream appeal ?
See if the staff of a prison has seen it .
Unfortunately , the two jerks who escaped taunted a prison guard in their escape letter .
That guard sadly committed suicide soon after the escape .
The two d-bags were also recently caught , which is something that never happens in " Shawshank . "
Man on Fire 's Russian Roulette :
The surprisingly entertaining Tony Scott movie could have gained a peripheral Darwin Award when it contributed to the death of a 27 - year - old Florida man .
The man was watching the scene in which Denzel Washington plays Russian Roulette and then , since he had a gun , and since he had evidently never heard of either Russian Roulette or what happens when you lose , began to play the game by himself .
For those of you who have n't seen Man on Fire , Deerhunter , or any of the other thousands of movies containing a Russian Roulette scene , it 's generally a high - stakes game of chance or at least a heavily - witnessed rite of passage .
In other words , it 's not something you do immediately after you see Denzel Washington do it in the magic box in your living room .
Now , if you happen to be in your living room with black football players and white football players who need to learn how to respect each other , feel free to take a cue from Denzel .
But if he 's doing something that might result in a bullet in his temple , sleep on it .
See ?
It 's a fine line .
Weekend at Bernie 's III : " Weekend At Bernie 's " is a horrible film from the 1980s where two doofuses drag around the corpse of their recently deceased boss ( the titular " Bernie " ) for a weekend .
The film sucked for two reasons -- # 1 ) it was n't at all funny .
And # 2 ) the premise was totally implausible .
Well , a pair of doofuses in New York proved my 2nd point wrong a few weeks ago .
James O'Hare and David Daloia , of New York , NY , pushed the " lifeless body " of their friend Virgilio Cintron to a check cashing place so they could cash his check .
The two claim they had no idea their roomie was dead .
Even if he was sleeping , guys , it 's probably not nice to throw him in a wheelbarrow and try to cash his check .
* He directed Daddy Day Camp .
Did he already run through that Wonder Years fortune ?
Invest your money , kids .
Updated at 12:50 p.m. EST , Nov. 25 , 2007
A surge in bombings continues in Baghdad and Mosul .
Overall , 37 Iraqis were killed and 64 more were injured in the latest attacks .
Also , a U.S. soldier succumbed , on Thanksgiving Day , to wounds received in a roadside bombing earlier in November .
In Baghdad , five bodies were found dumped in as many neighborhoods throughout the city .
A car bomb near the Health Ministry in Muadham left nine dead and 30 injured .
A roadside bomb injured two civilians in Waziriya ; when security forces arrived on the scene a second bomb killed one soldier and wounded six more .
Also , a car bomb was defused in Zaafaraniya and mortars struck an American base in Baladiyat , but no casualties were reported in either incident .
A bombing in a southeatern neighborhood blasted a truck carrying blast walls ; two people were killed and six others were wounded .
Gunmen in Mosul killed a member of the Iraqi Islamic Party ( IIP ) .
Also , a roadside bomb targeting a U.S. patrol wounded six Iraqis instead .
In Fallujah , a policeman was wounded during an attack ; his attackers were captured .
Gunmen killed an Iraqi security contractor in Basra .
Also three dumped bodies were found .
No casualties were reported during an attack on British troops .
Also , a criminal courts employee was shot and killed .
In al - Munazla , a roadside bomb targeting an Iraqi patrol failed to harm anyone .
A civilian was wounded during an armed attack in Riyadh .
Gunmen injured a civilian in Hawija .
In Diyala , a roadside bomb killed one Iraqi and injured six more who work for the Iranian Mojahdi Khalq organization .
A suicide bomber killed on Iraqi soldier and wounded five others at an al - Zab checkpoint .
Three soldiers are missing .
In Samarra , eight gunmen were killed after they opened fire on Coalition forces .
Two more blew themselves up after they were ordered to exit their vehicle .
U.S. forces captured three suspects in Rashdiya and 24 more in other locations .
A rogue Mahdi Army leader was arrested in Khalis .
Eight were captured in Diyala .
In Baghdad , 21 suspects were rounded - up .
One Iraqi soldier was killed during security operations .
Compiled by Margaret Griffis
Warning : long ( ish ) post ahead …
It ’s been almost two weeks since I traveled to Kansas City for Wal - Mart ’s Year - Beginning Meeting , so that ’s probably more than enough time to think about the broad implications of CEO Lee Scott ’s “ Company of the Future ” speech , and the plans outlined for energy efficiency and supply chain sustainability .
In that time , I ’ve also thought about Enterprise Rent - a - Car ’s green initiatives , and Joel Makower and Greener World Media ’s State of Green Business 2008 report ( and I ’ll be writing more about both ) .
I ’ve also spent some time at Wal - Mart Watch ‘s site , and read through some of the sustainability - related criticism that organization has offered .
Each meeting I ’ve had with people at Wal - Mart has challenged me : there ’s still that activist in me that wants to shout about past and current issues , and he competes with a more pragmatic business thinker who wants to praise the company ( and others ) for seeing a business case for sustainability .
I think we need both voices to be a part of the mix : not just mine , of course , but many activists and business thinkers contributing to the conversation .
To add my two cents , I ’ll focus on some of the issues raised by the company .
Energy Efficiency : I ’m pretty sure it ’s universally accepted , even by critics , that Wal - Mart ’s moves towards more energy - efficient stores are positive steps .
This is also a prime example of good business thinking on sustainability : energy efficiency contributes to a healthier bottom line while also producing lower levels of emissions .
Where I get tangled up , though , is the combination of these efforts with the company ’s growth plans .
When I attended the company shareholder ’s meeting last summer , I remember hearing that Wal - Mart plans to build more stores , largely Super Centers .
According to a company press release from October :
Wal - Mart is executing the plan announced June 1 , 2007 to moderate its U.S. supercenter growth .
The Company expects to open 195 supercenters in the United States this year , down 30 percent from the 281 opened during last fiscal year .
Projections for next fiscal year and the following year call for 170 and 140 supercenters respectively , including expansions and relocations .
…
Sam ’s Club will continue its expansion at a rate similar to fiscal year 2008 , with approximately 25 new , expanded or relocated U.S. facilities per year in fiscal year 2009 and fiscal year 2010 .
Last March , author Stacy Mitchell noted in an article at Grist :
Wal - Mart ’s new stores will use more electricity than its energy - efficiency measures will save .
By making its existing outlets 20 percent more efficient , Wal - Mart says it will cut CO2 emissions by 2.5 million metric tons by 2013 .
But new stores built this year alone will consume enough electricity to add about 1 million metric tons of CO2 to the atmosphere .
There ’s obviously a time differential here , and I ca n’t say for certain how the numbers have changed with the new growth plan released in June .
I also do n’t know how many of these new stores will be high - efficiency models such as the one in Kansas City , or will include solar panels and other clean energy technologies .
And I ’m not even addressing land use issues ( which , in fairness , that company has tried to offset with its Acres for America program )
In his latest speech , Scott laid out plans to help customers save energy ; this seems like a very fitting step for the company ’s new “ Save Money .
Live Better . ” motto , and also seems like a step Wal - Mart could take with relative ease and great success .
I ’m hoping to hear how further growth will work with this commitment .
Scott offered a vision of customers being able to charge electric vehicles with electricity produced by wind and solar installations at a store .
I ’d love to see nearer - term plans include building along public transit routes , or in mixed - use developments , or in urban centers where walking and biking were possible .
How about expanding the “ Personal Sustainability Project ” concept to customers , with a commitment to tailoring development plans to those projects ?
Could Wal - Mart come out and say “ We want all of our customers to commit to driving less , and we ’ll build in a manner that helps them do this ? ”
Supply Chain issues :
On one level , I found some of the supply chain commitments among the most exciting of Scott ’s speech , particularly the call to the retail industry to develop single standards for environmental and social responsibility .
As the world ’s leading retailer , the company seems to be stepping up to the plate to use that role to make the industry more sustainable .
As I said in my post on this subject , though , the devil will be in the details .
If such standards are developed with full transparency , and the participation of a wide range of stakeholders , and if the standards are monitored by a truly independent organization , this could transform the retail industry .
Like one commenter , though , I was a bit disappointed by Scott ’s commitment to “ work with the Chinese government and NGOs to make sure suppliers comply with Chinese environmental laws and regulations . ”
I ’m not an expert in international law by any means , but the concept of complying with Chinese law seems like a pretty low standard .
If Wal - Mart and its suppliers are going to continue to source products from China ( and it ’s clear that they are ) , a move towards sustainability in this area has to include moving well beyond compliance .
The standard mentioned above could do just that : if the retail industry sets standards that go well beyond Chinese law , the government in Beijing will have to follow suit by raising its legal standards .
Wal - Mart has the opportunity ( and many would argue , the power ) to change China ’s manufacturing landscape .
But why stop with transforming China ?
Why not reinvigorate the American manufacturing and agricultural landscapes ?
Ideally , I ’d love to see more local and regional sourcing from the company ( and this is happening on a small scale ) .
It ’s easy from my perspective to say this , of course : with current trade agreements , it ’s hard to see how the company can do this on a large scale in the near future without , in many cases , having to raise prices significantly .
Many Wal - Mart customers do shop there because they can make their budgets stretch further .
On the other hand , a revitalized American manufacturing sector could create more disposable income , which would benefit the company .
And this is a company famous for creating efficiency in its supply chain : could n’t this work with more domestic sourcing ?
I do n’t pretend to have the answers to these questions … they ’re questions worthy of discussion , though .
Overall , I still remain hopeful about Wal - Mart ’s sustainability efforts , because I really do believe the company is thinking differently .
One downside to the company ’s size is that it ca n’t turn on a dime : implementing these concepts will take time and planning .
But it ’s also making these statements and commitments in a new media environment : the advent of “ digital Marxism ” ( to borrow a phrase from Daniel Pink ) means that those watching the company can publish what they think to a potentially wide audience .
Wal - Mart executives have to know that they can’t simply greenwash : there ’s just too much oversight .
No one can throw visions and commitments like these out , and not expect to be held accountable for their implementation .
Sure , Mr. Scott used very careful language in separating visions from concrete commitments .
Nevertheless , Pandora ’s box is open : the idea of a greener Wal - Mart is out there now , and many stakeholders are watching closely to see how these visions transform into reality .
OK , I suppose the practical business thinker ultimately wins here .
But I think that ’s how companies like Wal - Mart will change : they ’ll recognize the business case for taking that journey towards more sustainable operations , and plan and act accordingly .
My inner activist may still shout about steps not ( yet ? ) taken , or sins of the past , but if Wal - Mart recognizes the business potential here ( and I think they do ) , then maybe it ’s time for that activist to shift from shouting to engaging in dialogue with its former nemesis .
We do n’t need purity of thought from Wal - Mart : we need measurable , concrete actions that address the company ’s environmental footprint , and more discussion with a broader range of stakeholders to make those actions happen .
We need more conversations on a definition of sustainability that includes the environment , human rights , and labor issues .
That conversation has started … so let ’s make sure that , while we continue to keep a critical eye on the company , we ’re also participating in it .
So , by now , large portions of the internet are abuzz with the Federal jury decision that Microsoft has been violating some of Alcatel - Lucent ’s patents on the MP3 file format , which ahas been the backbone of the digital music revolutions and without which iTunes and the iPod would not have been possible .
I could n’t help but note the timing of the ruling , since I had been been researching MP3 patents a couple weeks while working on a recent post .
I came across the realization that the MP3 patents will soon start to expire , as early as this year in one case .
So last week ’s news got me wondering two things :
I can’t really speculate to that first point , but for the second , it ’s fortunate that Thomson , the company that handles MP3 licensing has a neatly compiled list published at mp3licensing .com .
Of the twenty patents listed there , eighteen are filed in the U.S. , to which this list is limited .
These are the patents that everyone who makes an MP3 - related product has licensed .
We ’ll get to those .
First though , here are the Alcatel - Lucent patents that Microsoft was found guilty of violating .
This information was taken from the US Patent and Trademark Office .
Since I ’m no patent attorney , all expiration dates are best guesses based on quick summary research .
Changes to U.S. patent law and the GATT treaty in the mid-90s ( while mp3 was being developed ) complicates matters .
Additionally , I have not a clue as to how to handle continuations of abandoned applications , so some of these could be way off .
If anyone more knowledgeable wishes to correct any of my guesses , I will happily revise this page .
These are much too technical , both in legalese and technology for me , but still I find them fascinating from a layman ’s point of view .
Patents are listed chronologically by expiration date , with links to USPTO official pages and Google Patent Search documents .
Alcatel - Lucent Patents
Perceptual coding of audio signals
uspto.gov
google patent search
A technique for the masking of quantizing noise in the coding of audio signals is adapted to include geometric interpolation between the thresholds for a tone masking noise and for noise masking a tone , in order to reduce use of bit - rate capability where it is not necessary for transparent or high quality .
The technique is usable with the types of channel coding known as “ noiseless ” or Huffman coding and with variable radix packing .
The stereophonic embodiment eliminates redundancies in the sum and difference signals , so that the stereo coding uses significantly less than twice the bit rate of the comparable monaural signal .
The technique can be used both in transmission of signals and in recording for reproduction , particularly recording and reproduction of music .
Compatibility with the ISDN transmission rates known as 1 B , 2 B and 3 B rates has been achieved .
US Patent # : 5,341,457
Application # : 08/109,867
Filed : October 16 , 1992
Granted : August 23 , 1994
Expires : October 16 , 2012
Rate loop processor for perceptual encoder / decoder
uspto.gov
google patent search
A method and apparatus for quantizing audio signals is disclosed which advantageously produces a quantized audio signal which can be encoded within an acceptable range .
Advantageously , the quantizer uses a scale factor which is interpolated between a threshold based on the calculated threshold of hearing at a given frequency and the absolute threshold of hearing at the same frequency .
US Patent # : RE39,080 ( reissue of 5,627,938 )
Application # : 10/218,232
Filed : December 30 , 1988
Granted : April 25 , 2006 ( original granted May 6 , 1997 )
Expires : May 6 , 2014
Thomson Patents
Transmission system ( expired )
uspto.gov
google patent search
A system for transmitting and receiving digitalized audio signals , particularly via satellites , wherein data sequences are arranged in timely succession within frames , wherein before transmission , the digitalized audio signal is converted to a digital signal representing the momentary frequency spectrum and , during subsequent coding of the digital audio signal to be transmitted , portions of this transformed signal are given different weights on the basis of psychoacoustic laws with respect to the accuracy of their representation .
US Patent # : 4,821,260
Application # : 07/135,511
Filed : December 16 , 1987
Granted : April 11 , 1989
Expired : December 16 , 2007
Method of transmitting an audio signal
uspto.gov
google patent search
A method of digital transmission of an audio signal , in which in order to save transmission and / or memory capacity , the digital signal is converted , before transmission , into signals representing the short - term spectrum of time sections of the digital signal and portions of this signal are processed on the basis of psycho-acoustic laws , with portions of this signal lying below given thresholds left unconsidered , with at least one first threshold being defined below which only amplitude values outside of psycho-acoustically differentiable frequency ranges are left unconsidered .
US Patent # : 4,942,607
Application # : 07/152,026
Filed : February 3 , 1988
Granted : July 17 , 1990
Expired : February 3 , 2008
Method for transmitting a signal
uspto.gov
google patent search
Transmitting a signal wherein the signals is segmented by means of windows into successive overlapping blocks , the partial signals contained in the blocks are converted by transformation into a spectrum , with the spectra then being coded , transmitted , decoded after transmission and converted back into partial signals by retransformation .
Finally , the blocks containing the partial signals are joined in an overlapping manner , with the overlapping regions of the blocks being weighted such that the resultant of the window functions in the respective overlapped regions equals one .
To 2.2 .
In order to avoid interferences in adjacent blocks upon changes in the signal amplitude , the length of the window functions is selected as a function of signal amplitude changes .
The method is suitable for the treatment of audio and video signals which are subjected to data reduction during transmission .
US Patent # : 5,214,742
Application # : 07/585,127
Filed : January 26 , 1990
Granted : May 25 , 1993
Expired : May 25 , 2010
Process for transmitting and receiving a signal
uspto.gov
google patent search
A signal is divided by windows into successive blocks that overlap at least by 50 % and signal sections contained in the blocks are evaluated by analysis windows .
The signal sections contained in the blocks are subjected to a transformation which permits sub-sampling with compensation of the aliasing components such as , for example , the “ time domain aliasing cancellation ” method .
The spectra resulting from the transformation are subsequently coded , transmitted , decoded after transmission and changed back to signal sections by re-transformation .
The blocks including the signal sections are evaluated by synthesis windows and are joined together in an overlapping fashion .
The window functions of the synthesis windows are determined in dependence on the window functions of the corresponding analysis windows in the overlap region .
US Patent # : 5,227,990
Application # : 07/824,848
Filed : May 17 , 1990
Granted : July 13 , 1993
Expired : July 13 , 2010
Method for the transmission of a signal
uspto.gov
google patent search
The process disclosed enables the “ time domain aliasing cancellation ” method to be extended systematically to larger block overlapping .
The boundary conditions which , when using various modified transforms , the analysis and synthesis windows must comply with , can thus be given .
The transform series must also be included in the design of each analysis and synthesis window in order to optimize for a given application , because this changes the boundry conditions with which an analysis window function can be determined .
Design for analysis and synthesis windows have shown that analysis and synthesis properties obtained by multiple block overlapping are significantly better than those obtained by convential double block overlapping .
The systematic method of the invention offers numerous possibilites for optimizing windows in special applications .
US Patent # : 5,384,811
Application # : 07/853,751
Filed : October 08 , 1990
Granted : January 24 , 1995
Expires : January 24 , 2012
Method for determining the type of coding to be selected for coding at least two signals
uspto.gov
google patent search
In the case of coding a plurality of signals which are not independent of e another , a selection of the suitable type of coding is made as a function of a similarity measure .
According to one aspect of the invention , the similarity measure is determined by firstly coding one of the signals according to the intensity - stereo method and then decoding it in order to create a signal affected by coding error , whereupon the latter signal and the associated non-coded signal are transformed into the frequency domain .
In the frequency domain , a selection or evaluation of the actually audible spectral components , as well as of the signal affected by coding error and of the associated signal not affected by coding error , is undertaken using a listening threshold which is determined by a psycho-acoustic calculation .
Intensity - stereo coding is undertaken in the case of a high similarity measure , whereas otherwise a separate coding of the channels is performed .
US Patent # : 5,736,943
Application # : 08/557,046
Filed : July 08 , 1994
Granted : April 7 , 1998
Expires : January 24 , 2012
Process for the detecting of errors in the transmission of frequency - coded digital signals
uspto.gov
google patent search
Disclosed is a process for the detection of errors , respectively perceptible disturbances , in the transmission of frequency - coded digital signals and , in particular , audio signals transmitted in blocks by a transmitter to a receiver .
The present invention is distinguished by that from the frequency coefficients of earlier and , if need be , future blocks , a decision function is formed , on the basis of which the occurrence of an error is determined , and that the frequency coefficient containing an error is not longer utilized for the evaluation of subsequent blocks .
US Patent # : 5,455,833
Application #:08/039,478
Filed : October 25 , 1990
Granted : October 3 , 1995
Expires : October 3 , 2012
Method of reducing crosstalk in processing of acoustic or optical signals
uspto.gov
google patent search
A method for reducing frequency crosstalk in the transmission of digitized audio signals .
Signals from partial bands in which spectral components of specific frequencies occur as signal components and signals from partial bands in which spectral components occur as crosstalk components in the stop range , undergo a weighted summation .
Following transmission , the partial band signals undergo an inverse operation to weighted summation .
The method operates independently of the selected encoding process , and is consequently universally usable .
US Patent # : 5,559,834
Application # : 08/211,769
Filed : October 06 , 1992
Granted : September 24 , 1996
Expires : September 24 , 2013
Method for transmitting a signal
uspto.gov
google patent search
In a method of transmitting a signal wherein the signal is partitioned into windows comprised of overlapping blocks with each block containing a partial signal .
The partial signal in each block is converted into a digital signal and individually coded with a selected window function f( n ) .
The overlapping areas of the window functions are weighted such that the resultant of the overlapping functions in each block equals one .
The coded signals are transmitted .
The received signals are reconverted into partial analog signals .
The window functions are selected in accordance with frequency changes in the original signal .
US Patent # : 5,321,729
Application # : 08/094,355
Filed : April 26 , 1993
Granted : June 14 , 1994
Expires : June 14 , 2014 April 26 , 2013
Process for transmitting and / or storing digital signals of multiple channels
uspto.gov
google patent search
A process for transmitting and / or storing digital signals of multiple chals .
This process is suited , in particular , for transmitting the five channels of 3/ 2 stereophony as well as for transmitting two stereo channels and three additional commentary channels .
In this manner , by way of illustration , television programs with multi-language audio signals can be transmitted .
This process is distinguished in that by reduction of the to - be - transmitted data , only a bit rate of 384 kbit /s is required for transmission .
The reduction of the data is achieved by the K input channels being imaged in segments onto the N.ltoreq .
K virtual spectral data channels , by the spectral data channels being quantized , coded , and transmitted taking into consideration the principles of psychoacoustics , and by K output channels being reproduced from the transmitted bit stream with the aid of a transmitted list from the N.ltoreq .
K spectral data channels .
US Patent # : 5,706,309
Application # : 08/428,235
Filed : November 02 , 1993
Granted : January 6 , 1998
Expires : January 6 , 2015
Method of coding a plurality of audio signals
uspto.gov
google patent search
In a method of coding a plurality of audio signals , the left and the right basic channel as well as the central channel are combined by joint stereo coding so as to obtain a jointly coded signal , which is decoded so as to provide simulated decoded signals .
The simulated decoded signals and two surround channels are combined by matricization by means of a compatibility matrix so as to form compatible signals which are suitable for decoding by existing decoders .
In order to avoid audible disturbances caused by excessive energy contents of the compatible signals , which would occur if joint stereo coding and decoding were carried out prior to carrying out the matricization , the compatible signals or the simulated decoded signals are dynamically weighted by means of a dynamic correction factor in such a way that the compatible signals are approximated with regard to their energy to the energy of signals which would be obtained if the two basic channels and the central channel as well as the surround channels were matricized directly .
US Patent # : 5,701,346
Application # : 08/704,730
Filed : February 02 , 1995
Granted : December 23 , 1997
Expires : February 02 , 2015
Digital adaptive transformation coding method
uspto.gov
google patent search
A digital adaptive transformation coding method for the transmission and / or torage of audio signals , specifically music signals , wherein N scanned values of the audio signal are transformed into M spectral coefficients , and the coefficients are split up into frequency groups , quantized and then coded .
The quantized maximum value of each frequency group is used to define the coarse variation of the spectrum .
The same number of bits is assigned to all values in a frequency group .
The bits are assigned to the individual frequency groups as a function of the quantized maximum value present in the particular frequency group .
A multi-signal processor system is disclosed which is specifically designed for implementation of this method .
US Patent # : 5,742,735
Application # : 08/295,484
Filed : October 6 , 1988
Granted : April 21 , 1998
Expires : April 21 , 2015
Method for reducing data in the transmission and / or storage of digital signals of several dependent channels
uspto.gov
google patent search
A method for reducing data during the transmission and / or storage of the digital signals of several dependent channels is described in which the dependence of the signals in the channels , e.g. in a left and a right stereo channel , can be used for an additional data reduction .
Instead of known methods such as middle / side encoding or the intensity stereo process that lead to perceptible interference in the case of an unfavourable signal composition , the method according to the invention avoids such interference , in that a common encoding of the channels only takes place if there is an adequate spectral similarity of the signals in the two channels .
An additional data reduction can be achieved in that in those frequency ranges where the spectral energy of a channel does not exceed a predeterminable fraction of the total spectral energy , the associated spectral values are set at zero .
US Patent # : 5,812,672
Application # : 08/211,547
Filed : October 13 , 1992
Granted : September 22 , 1998
Expires : September 22 , 2015
Digital encoding process
uspto.gov
google patent search
A digital encoding process for transmitting and / or storing acoustical sigs and , in particular , music signals , in which scanned values of the acoustical signal are transformed by means of a transformation or a filter bank into a sequence of second scanned values , which reproduce the spectral composition of the acoustical signal , and the sequence of second scanned values is quantized in accordance with the requirements with varying precision and is partially or entirely encoded by an optimum encoder , and in which a corresponding decoding and inverse transformation takes place during the reproduction .
An encoder is utilized in a manner in which the occurrence probability of the quantized spectral coefficient is correlated to the length of the code in such a way that the more frequently the spectral coefficient occurs , the shorter the code word .
A code word and , if needed , a supplementary code is allocated to several elements of the sequence or to a value range in order to reduce the size of the table of the encoder .
A portion of the code words of variable length are arranged in a raster , and the remaining code words are distributed in the gaps still left so that the beginning of a code word can be more easily found without completely decoding or in the event of faulty transmission .
US Patent # : 5,579,430
Application # : 08/380,135 ( continuation of 07/768,239 ; abandoned )
Filed : January 26 , 1995
Granted : November 26 , 1996
Expires : November 26 , 2016
Process of low sampling rate digital encoding of audio signals
uspto.gov
google patent search
In a method for coding an audio signal digitized at a low sampling rate to obtain time domain audio samples .
A frequency domain representation of the time domain audio samples is produced .
The frequency domain representation includes successive frequency lines .
These frequency lines are grouped into a plurality of scale factor bands .
The successive frequency lines in a scale factor band are coded with the same scale factor .
A plurality of regions is formed by grouping the scale factor bands , wherein successive scale factor bands form a region within which all the scale factors are coded with the same number of bits , which is determined according to the largest scale factor of the region .
The scale factors assigned to scale factor bands within the highest region that includes the higher frequency successive frequency lines are set to zero .
The frequency lines in the highest region are coded using the zero-valued scale factors that correspond to a multiplication factor of 1 .
The scale factors for the highest region , however , are not coded .
Thus , the bits that would be required for coding these zero-valued scale factors are saved and can be used for a finer quantization of the rest of the spectrum .
Additionally , this coding method when applied to ISO / IEC 13818 - 3 as a low sampling rate modification thereof only requires minimal changes with respect to this Standard .
US Patent # : 6,185,539
Application # : 09/077,395
Filed : February 19 , 1997
Granted : February 6 , 2001
Expires : February 19 , 2017
Method and apparatus for encoding digital signals employing bit allocation using combinations of different threshold models to achieve desired bit rates
uspto.gov
google patent search
A method for encoding a digitized audio signal which includes the step of selecting one of two or more psycho acoustic model provided for generating masking thresholds used in a data reduction process .
The selecting criterion is the available data rate for the encoded bit stream .
Each one of the two or more psycho acoustic models is adapted to a specific data rate of the encoded bit stream .
In a second embodiment , the method includes the step of combining two or more masking thresholds resulting from different psycho acoustic models , thereby leading to a more accurate calculation of a masking threshold for the data reduction process .
Further , there are appropriate apparatuses for the encoding of digitized audio signals .
US Patent # : 6,009,399
Application # : 08/838,297
Filed : April 16 , 1997
Granted : December 28 , 1999
Expires : April 16 , 2017
Digital coding process for transmission or storage of acoustical signals by transforming of scanning values into spectral coefficients
uspto.gov
google patent search
A digital coding process for the transmission and / or storage of acoustical signals and , in particular , of musical signals , in which N scanning values of the acoustical signals are transformed into M spectral coefficients .
The M spectral coefficients are quantized in the first step .
Following encoding , the number of bits required for representation is checked utilizing an optimum encoder .
If the number of bits is greater than the prescribed number of bits , quantization and encoding is repeated in further steps until the number of bits required for representation does not exceed the prescribed number of bits , whereby the required quantization level is transmitted or stored in addition to the data bits .
Transmission and / or storage of acoustical signals and , in particular , of musical signals is accordingly possible without subjective diminishment of quality of the musical signals while reducing the data rates by factor 4 to 6 .
US Patent # : 5,924,060
Application # : 08/821,007
Filed : August 29 , 1997
Granted : July 13 , 1999
Expires : August 29 , 2017
Process for reducing data in the transmission and / or storage of digital signals from several interdependent channels
uspto.gov
google patent search
A process for reducing data in the transmission and / or storage of digital signals of several interdependent channels is described .
As the signals from the channels are not independent of one another , an additional data quantity reduction is possible during transmission .
In known processes for the coding of signals from two stereo channels , in the case of an unfavorable signal composition interference can be caused by the coding process and cannot be concealed by the signal actually present in the channel and consequently reduce listening enjoyment .
In the process according to the invention and with the aid of the spectral values of corresponding blocks of several channels , there is a balancing of the necessary data rate for a separate coding of the two channels and for a joint coding .
There is a joint coding of the channels for as long as the data rate for the joint coding does not exceed by a predeterminable value the data rate for the separate coding of the particular channel .
In this case the spectral values of the corresponding blocks are similar , so that a joint coding is preferred .
In the case of highly dissimilar signals the balancing leads to a separate transmission of the signals .
In order to ensure that there is no interference , temporarily no use is made of the joint coding of several channels .
US Patent # : 5,703,999
Application # : 08/751,456
Filed : November 18 , 1996
Granted : December 30 , 1997
Expires : December 30 , 2017
Computing Thoughts
Math and the Current State of Coarse - Grained Parallelism in Python
by Bruce Eckel
March 18 , 2008
Summary
One of my main objectives at Pycon 2008 was to hear about experiences regarding existing tools for parallelizing Python programs , and also to find out more about mathematical programming with Python .
Advertisement
I have a client who runs very compute - intensive and long - running simulations and we 've been working on parallelizing the process using Python .
In my explorations , I followed the common path of writing tools myself before discovering that others had already solved the problem ( however , I now have the advantage of understanding the issues much better ) .
There were no official talks on parallelism at the conference , other than one that talked about using Amazon EC2 , so I set up an open spaces discussion and there was a second one that happened later .
( There were also a couple of talks involving stackless python , but that is a coroutine system that does n't run on multiple processors ) .
Although there seems to be a fair amount of exploration in this arena , the consensus appears to be that the two current practical contenders are Parallel Python and Processing .
( Please correct me if I got this wrong or missed something ; I was doing more discussing than taking notes during the open spaces ) .
Another interesting possibility involves IPython , which I finally started to play with in earnest at the conference .
This is a cross between the Python interpreter prompt and an IDE .
What 's very nice is that IPython does command completion and produces help .
Basically it 's a terrific way to explore Python and libraries .
If you have setuptools installed ( just run ez_setup.py ) , you can just say easy_install ipython at a command prompt to install it , then just run ipython .
Try importing a library and then using the ' ? ' and command completion to see what IPython does for you .
IPython1 is the next version of IPython , and claims to have " a powerful architecture for parallel computing , " but it is apparently still under development and no one in the open spaces session had used it for serious development .
The upcoming version of Jython 2.5 ( first alpha soon , final sometime before the end of the year but summer sounded like it could be a " maybe " ) does n't have a global interpreter lock ( GIL ) so you can use Jython to utilize the JVM 's true threading .
The removal of the GIL has the possibility of producing side effects that we may not actually notice right away , but that the Jython team assures me can be fixed as they are discovered .
When asked , Jim Baker got that faraway look in his eyes and said that yes , Stackless Jython could probably be implemented , but it was n't exactly clear what that would really mean .
Iron Python apparently also does n't require a GIL .
This does n't help my particular situation because Linux machines are used in the cluster .
A number of people said they had very good experiences with Pyro , which is a Python distributed object system .
This might also have possibilities for certain types of parallel solutions .
NumPy and SciPy I came early to Pycon to take the NumPy and SciPy tutorials , given by Travis Oliphant and Eric Jones of Enthought , a company which supports and makes its living teaching and consulting about these open - source libraries .
You can install NumPy with easy_install numpy .
NumPy is basically about " arrays " where the term " array " includes multiple - dimension matrices as well .
So you can , for example , do the classic " invert a matrix and multiply it by itself to produce the identity matrix " trick : >>> from numpy import * >>>
A = mat ( [ [ 1,2,4 ] , [ 2,5,3 ] , [ 7,8,9 ] ] ) >>>
A.I # Matrix inversion matrix ( [ [ - 0.42857143 , -0.28571429 , 0.28571429 ] , [- 0.06122449 , 0.3877551 , - 0.10204082 ] , [ 0.3877551 , - 0.12244898 , -0.02040816 ] ] ) >>>
A * A.I # Matrix multiplication matrix ( [ [ 1.00000000e+00 , 5.55111512e-17 , 1.38777878e-17 ] , [ 5.55111512e-17 , 1.00000000e+00 , 3.12250226e-17 ] , [ 3.33066907e-16 , 1.52655666e-16 , 1.00000000e+00 ] ] )
NumPy does a lot more ( even Fourier Transforms ) , but the core is this very efficient array mechanism , which is much more compact that arrays in Java , so you can make them huge without worrying about running out of memory .
There is also support for handing these data structures to other , non-Python routines , which is where SciPy comes in .
SciPy has all kinds of high end math functions , many of which use the long - optimized C and Fortran routines directly .
For example , here 's how to produce a Bessel function ( the solution to the vibrating drumhead problem ) : from scipy import special x = special .r_ [ 0:100:0.1 ] j0x = special .
j0 ( x ) print j0x
Talk Back !
Have an opinion ?
Readers have already posted 4 comments about this weblog entry .
Why not add yours ?
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Bruce Eckel adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Bruce Eckel ( www.BruceEckel.com) provides development assistance in Python with user interfaces in Flex .
He is the author of Thinking in Java ( Prentice - Hall , 1998 , 2nd Edition , 2000 , 3rd Edition , 2003 , 4th Edition , 2005 ) , the Hands - On Java Seminar CD ROM ( available on the Web site ) , Thinking in C++ ( PH 1995 ; 2nd edition 2000 , Volume 2 with Chuck Allison , 2003 ) , C++ Inside & Out ( Osborne / McGraw - Hill 1993 ) , among others .
He 's given hundreds of presentations throughout the world , published over 150 articles in numerous magazines , was a founding member of the ANSI / ISO C++ committee and speaks regularly at conferences .
This weblog entry is Copyright © 2008 Bruce Eckel .
All rights reserved .
President Bush in a pretty silk dress
What you ’ve all been waiting for …
United States President George W Bush in a silk ao dai .
Picture pops !
Re-jiggered and in proportion .
Howdy to Ao Dai
“ The colourful , elongated tunics of Vietnam ’s traditional dress , the
Ao Dai , are worn with much grace by Vietnamese women and men – and
extreme unease by the US president George Bush .
Donning the costume
over his suit for the obligatory “ family photograph ” alongside 20
other leaders of Asian and Pacific nations , Mr Bush grimaced
repeatedly and shifted from foot to foot , a portrait of embarrassment
in turquoise blue brocade with yellow trim .
It was obvious he could n’t
wait to get it off and sure enough , moments after the official
photographs were taken , he strode away , ripped it off and folded it
up , according to reports .
His fellow leaders showed more restraint and
waited until they were out of sight . ”
– The Guardian
Nancy Pelosi Knew about Waterboarding in 2002 , and Thought it was Okay
We are now learning from this article that top Democrats were told about , knew about , and had no objections to waterboarding as a means to gather necessary information to stop terrorist threats and capture terrorists as early as 2002 .
In September 2002 , four members of Congress met in secret for a first look at a unique CIA program designed to wring vital information from reticent terrorism suspects in U.S. custody .
For more than an hour , the bipartisan group , which included current House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif. ) , was given a virtual tour of the CIA ’s overseas detention sites and the harsh techniques interrogators had devised to try to make their prisoners talk .
You read that right , Nancy Pelosi was one of those who received a tour of the CIA and their harsh interrogation techniques in 2002 .
This tour included showing the tourists , Nancy Pelosi included , the practice of waterboarding .
Pelosi , and other Democrats did n’t seam to have a problem with it back then .
Among the techniques described , said two officials present , was waterboarding , a practice that years later would be condemned as torture by Democrats and some Republicans on Capitol Hill .
But on that day , no objections were raised .
Instead , at least two lawmakers in the room asked the CIA to push harder , two U.S. officials said .
“ The briefer was specifically asked if the methods were tough enough , ” said a U.S. official who witnessed the exchange .
Some even said the United States should push harder .
This is amazing , is n’t it ?
Nancy Pelosi , and other Democrats and some Republicans , like to say America should take the high road .
They like to say America should be above this type of torture .
They tell us that America has lost it ’s standing in the world because of this type of harsh interrogation .
They say America must take the moral high ground .
Remember how they feigned disgust and disdain when they supposedly learned that we were waterboarding terrorists ?
And now we find out that Nansy Pelosi and others knew all along about it , and they thought it was okay .
As a matter of fact , some did n’t think the CIA was going far enough with their interrogations .
So what changed ?
Did Nancy Pelosi suddenly grow a set of morals ?
I do n’t think so .
Waterboarding was considered fine with everyone until they thought it could be used to show us how the president is committing crimes against humanity , and violating a person ’s civil rights .
This whole anti-war movement in the Democrat party started as a political movement , not a moral or ethical movement .
During the primary season for the 2004 election there was only one anti-war candidate , Howard Dean .
When it appeared as though Howard Dean was gaining momentum John Kerry suddenly turned anti-war and proclaimed to Americans , ” I am the true anti-war candidate ” .
That , in my opinion , is where this whole anti-war movement began .
Since that moment in time Democrats have been trying to out anti-war each other .
This is now on full display in this primary season .
They have continually tried to undermine the war effort in order to gain political advantage , and it has worked .
When shown the interrogation techniques in 2002 , the country was still solidly behind the president , who would dare to speak out against ANY effort to capture the terrorists who carried out the September 11th attacks ?
If Nansy Pelosi was against waterboarding back then and did n’t say anything because she was afraid of the backlash it shows us a real character flaw .
If she was actually for it back then , and is against it now for political gain , it shows us perhaps an even bigger character flaw .
As the anti-war movement grows , a movement that the Democrats created , Democrats have seized on any issue they feel they can use to bring down the Bush presidency .
Waterboarding is just such an issue .
It does n’t matter that they were for it before they were against it .
Their opposition to waterboarding is nothing but a tool designed to help us lose the war on terror .
This is political gamesmanship at it ’s worse .
Nancy Pelosi knew all along about waterboarding and had no problem with it until it was decided they could hurt George W Bush with it .
Somebody leaked this out that the CIA was using this practice , could it have been Nancy Pelosi herself ?
Who knows ?
To think someone would put their re-election ahead of what is right for the country is despicable .
The fact that Nancy Pelosi knew the CIA was waterboarding and did n’t say anything until it could be used to hurt the president , actually , to hurt the country is underhanded to say the least , traitorous at worst .
Perhaps this is San Francisco morals at their finest .
Well , our anonymous contributor in Pompano Beach , Florida has one for you .
He explains : “ I keep a gym membership so that I can feel good about my financial commitment to my health — not so much for the actual health benefits per se .
I had n’t been to the gym in at least two months when I came across this note posted by the showers .
( My shower at home was being worked on . )
I ’m glad I make it a habit to wear sandals in the shower during my quarterly visits . ”
related : The Mad Bomber
Keeping abreast of news in your niche can be tough .
I know the feeling of being left behind , when you think you need to be checking thousands of feeds 24 hours a day .
Fact is you do not need to have such a punishing regime .
I have been known to follow stupidly excessive amounts of RSS feeds , plus my Twitter following got well out of hand .
My feeds are now down to 300 and I am slowly trimming who I follow on Twitter .
I ’m down from 900 and some to hopefully approaching a manageable number below 700 .
This might still seem like a lot to you , how do I manage to follow so many feeds ?
Here are 21 tips for a more productive approach to keeping up with all the crucial developments in your niche .
They will work for feeds or Twitter in most cases but I have aimed mainly at RSS :
21 Niche News and Feed Reading Productivity Tips
Split your readers – Use an online reader for the important and immediate stuff and read less pressing material offline in downtime like commute , air and rail travel Let stuff slip – Know that you do n’t need to catch everything .
We ca n’t hope to know everything about everything , do n’t knock yourself out trying .
Have multiple sources of news –
If you stick to the point in number 2 you will miss stuff first time round but if you have multiple sources you will catch it on the echoes .
Important stuff makes ripples , if it matters it will be repeated , probably a number of times .
Is it a fad ?
–
What you do n’t follow is as important as what you do .
I have completely stopped reading anything about programming , I now hire programmers .
Same with design .
You do n’t always have to be on bleeding edge , let others make early mistakes .
Are n’t you glad you did n’t research everything about HD DVD now that BlueRay won ?
Find the filters – Each niche will have a human filter .
People like Scoble , Duncan Riley , and co are on the ball and can tell you what is important so you do n’t have to read everything .
Either follow their feed or follow on Twitter .
It ’s a good tip for wannabe Authorities – You can be an authority by filtering , explaining and simplifying .
An Editor , DJ , Director can be as important as a creator .
Use topical folders – I only check my photography news once a week , tech news a couple of times a week , productivity every few weeks .
Use stars and flags – Most readers will provide you with a tool to pin a post to be read later .
Find the good stuff but do n’t read it right away .
Mark to read later then read at your leisure .
Nuke it – Use mark all as read rather than leave unread items “ just in case ” .
Prioritize – Organize your feeds into priority : 1 = Crucial , 2 = Valuable , 3 = Non Essential … 4 = Just for Fun –
Most days you might only manage to read ( 1 ) , on slow days you can get to ( 3 ) .
You might read ( 4 ) on breaks .
Use google alerts Audition Feeds – When you discover a new feed put it on probation .
After a test period you can decide to keep or drop , do n’t put it into proper rotation right away .
Routinely trim – Be brutal .
Do n’t feel guilty .
Your time is too precious .
Use aggregation – Social voting , meme trackers and breaking news sites give you an at a glance update without wading through feeds .
Think techcrunch , techmeme , gizmodo Batch - read –
It ’s not effective to read stuff that will not have a massive impact every day .
I can go weeks without reading Seth / Gapingvoid even though they are excellent .
Thought - leaders are often not that essential , as compared to knowing the big news .
Skim – Headlines , subheads , bullets , quotes and graphics .
Get an impression of if this article is worthwhile … hints for writers as well as readers here Use “ river of news ” –
You do not have to read feed by feed , switch to river of news / all - items view to get an impression of a topic
Set aside a fixed amount of time – Give yourself 30 minutes and no more .
Stick to the time limit and you will find you are more aggressive about not wasting it .
Set your criteria ?
News , important relationships / people , industry keywords …
Not everything is niche - changing , ask yourself “ do I need to read this NOW ? ”
Use software filters – Create a merged feed of just the important stuff using AideRSS Use Twitter – Replace feeds with following people on Twitter .
Lots of people post links to their Twitter feed .
If they think it is important enough to Tweet then it is probably important enough to consider reading , but not always .
Only subscribe to full feeds – Controversial possibly but there are only a few partial feeds left in my reader .
Partial feeds force you to click to see if the article is worthwhile , which could turn out to be a waste of precious time .
Do n’t bother .
Those are my tips .
Please share yours ! 🙂
The problem first emerged way back in March .
On the “ Situation Room , ” James Carville , a contracted CNN political commentator , offered some relatively mild criticism of Barack Obama .
Carville said the Illinois senator was “ less - than - impressive ” at a recent health care forum , adding , “ [ Obama ] needs to get up to speed on a couple of these issues . ”
Under most circumstances , that would hardly have raised an eyebrow .
But Carville had just issued fundraising solicitations on behalf of Hillary Clinton ’s presidential campaign , which he ’d already endorsed .
Pressed on the conflict of interest , Carville conceded that he would be “ cognizant ” of appearances , and would disclose his preference to CNN viewers when criticizing Clinton ’s Democratic rivals .
That apparently was n't quite good enough .
Greg Sargent reports that , 10 months after this issue first arose , CNN is benching its Hillary - backing analysts .
I ’ve just learned that CNN has told top Dem strategists James Carville , Paul Begala , and Robert Zimmerman — who are CNN mainstays but are all Hillary supporters — that they will not be doing any more political analysis on the network until the Democratic primary has reached a conclusion .
I ’m also told that this move came after the Obama campaign repeatedly complained to high level officials at CNN about the presence of Carville and Begala on the network .
It ’s an interesting move .
Kudos to Greg for the scoop .
Dynamic Languages Jobs Barometer Total Jobs For Dynamic Languages on DICE for 2011 - Apr - 5
Each language has a light bar for its overall total ,
a gray bar for a baseline value from Nov. 15 , 2006 ( N/ A for Javascript and Other )
) a medium bar for titles - only search results
a dark bar for listings which overlap any of the other languages .
See Dynamic Language Jobs Map for relative job counts per state ( updated approx . every 2 weeks ) .
Update 2008 - 06 - 29 : Searches for " ruby " now include " rails "
a new " Other " category has been added that currently includes Erlang , Groovy , Haskell , Lisp , and Lua A comparative trendline is available at indeed.com ( thanks to perrin for the link ) .
OML has thousands of free addictive Flash and HTML5 Games like Fancy Pants Adventure World 2 .
Did you enjoy Fancy Pants Adventure World 2 ?
Play more .
Always fast , free and no login required ... new games added daily !
The World from Berlin ' It Was a Mistake to Let China Host Olympics '
World reaction to the apparently lethal military crackdown on protesting monks in Tibet has been largely at China 's expense .
But is an Olympic boycott the answer ?
German commentators on Monday say not yet -- though they have sharp advice for Beijing and the world community .
New England Patriots quarterback
Tom Brady watches the New York Giants celebrate their upset win at game 's end in the NFL's Super Bowl XLII football game in Glendale , Arizona , February 3 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Shaun Best
MANAGUA ( Reuters ) - Shirts and caps proclaiming the victory of the New England Patriots -- when the American football team actually lost the latest Super Bowl -- have ended up in the hands of poor Nicaraguan children .
Hundreds of shirts and caps , which had been manufactured in advance to celebrate the Patriots ’ expected victory over the New York Giants , were handed over to children in the southern city of Diriamba .
“ The children are the winners , ” said Miriam Diaz , of World Vision , a Christian humanitarian organization .
World Vision has links with the National Football League , or NFL , and every year helps out poor children in Latin America and Africa with the unwanted “ winners ” shirts of the team that actually loses the Super Bowl .
Winners ’ shirts and other garments are produced in advance so players and fans can put them on to celebrate immediately after the final whistle of the game .
Garments of the losing team are obviously unwanted .
The Giants stunned the previously undefeated Patriots 17 - 14 in this year ’s Super Bowl .
Posted by omgfire Dude , if you colour the rest it will be my new desktop background !! :D
Posted by BlackHoleSoni second that .
In case you missed our first twenty - six volumes or the greatest hits edition , let me explain .
Every Monday , we go into the archives of The New York Times to find the first time the paper covered selected topics .
This week , we 're focusing on the remaining Republican and Democratic presidential candidates .
If you have a suggestion for next week , leave us a comment .
The Democrats
Barack Obama
February 6 , 1990
First Black Elected to Head Harvard 's Law Review
The Harvard Law Review , generally considered the most prestigious in the country , elected the first black president in its 104 - year history today .
The job is considered the highest student position at Harvard Law School .
The new president of the Review is Barack Obama , a 28 - year - old graduate of Columbia University who spent four years heading a community development program for poor blacks on Chicago 's South Side before enrolling in law school .
His late father , Barack Obama , was a finance minister in Kenya and his mother , Ann Dunham , is an American anthropologist now doing fieldwork in Indonesia .
Mr. Obama was born in Hawaii .
" The fact that I 've been elected shows a lot of progress , "  Mr. Obama said today in an interview .
" It 's encouraging . " 
Hillary Clinton
June 15 , 1969
A Program for Pacifying the Campus
A student spokesman at Wellesley responded with anger when Senator Edward Brooke called it foolish " to propound demands for social change in a vacuum , oblivious to the substantial changes already in progress . " 
" We feel , "  said Hillary D. Rodham , president of the Wellesley College Government Association , " that for too long our leaders have used politics as the art of the possible .
And the challenge is to practice politics as the art of making what appears impossible , the possible . " 
The Republicans
John McCain
July 31 , 1967
Start of Tragedy : Pilot Hears a Blast As He Checks Plane
At 10:30 am Saturday , Lieut .
Comdr .
John Sidney McCain 3d climbed aboard his A - 4 Skyhawk for a mission over North Vietnam .
" I closed the canopy and started the plane and then went through the normal checks of the gauges and the settings , "  the 30 - year - old Navy pilot recalled today .
" Suddenly I felt and heard an explosion .
It was either my plane or the one to the right .
Flames were everywhere . " 
In the following moments aboard the aircraft carrier Forrestral , the 150 - pound Annapolis graduate climbed out of the cockpit , stepped precariously onto the plane 's three - foot - long refueling pipe and then leaped onto the burning flight deck and ran .
* * * * *
The son and grandson of two noted admirals , Commander McCain has a disarming disregard for formal military speech or style .
He is wiry , prematurely gray and does not take himself too seriously .
Mike Huckabee
November 4 , 1992
The 1992 Elections : State By State
Mr. Clinton easily landed his home state 's six electoral votes , marking the first time Arkansas had voted Democratic for President since 1976 .
Mr. Perot and Mr. Bush , after writing off the state , even went so far as to ridicule it .
Senator Dale Bumpers , the three - term incumbent , defeated his Republican challenger , Mike Huckabee .
In the heavily Democratic Congressional district in the northeastern corner of Arkansas , Blanche Lambert , the Democrat who beat her former boss , Bill Alexander , in the primary , defeated the Republican challenger , Terry Hayes .
Ron Paul
April 28 , 1976
Big Victory by Bentsen Called Vital to Re-election
John B. Connally , the popular former Democratic Governor [ of Texas ] , was credited in 1970 with pushing Mr. [ Lloyd ] Bentsen to victory over Mr. [ George ] Bush [ in the Senate race ] .
Mr. Connally , now a Republican , helped a politically unknown gynecologist , Dr. Ron Paul , upset a liberal Democrat , Bob Gammage , in a race last month to fill the unexpired 22d Congressional District seat vacated by Democrat Bob Casey , who has been appointed to the Federal Maritime Commission .
And just in case New York Mayor Mike Bloomberg launches a third - party campaign , here 's the first time he was deemed worthy of New York Times ink :
Michael Bloomberg
November 9 , 1975
Spotlight : Block Trader at Salomon
When two Salomon Brothers partners said to be in often bitter competition for the same job were " reassigned "  to other duties in late July , 33 - year - old Michael R. Bloomberg came up with the plum they were both seeking " “ control over Salomon 's prestigious block trading operations in stocks .
* * * * *
Mr. Bloomberg , an intense personable Harvard M.B.A. , now finds himself working 12 - to - 15 - hour days " “ one man doing the work formerly done by three partners .
But that is not to say that Mr. Bloomberg is unhappy with his lot , for block trading remains one of the headiest areas in the brokerage business .
* * * * *
For Mr. Bloomberg , who " loves the business , "  lives modestly and claims he does n't really have the time to spend what he does draw down , the real rewards are thus far clearly psychic .
Our Archives
" ¢ Volume I : The Simpsons , Jon Stewart , iPod
" ¢ Volume II : Wikipedia , Starbucks , Donald Trump
" ¢ Volume III : JFK , Microwave Oven , the Internet
" ¢ Volume IV : Larry David , Drudge Report , Digital Camera
" ¢ Volume V : Walkman , Osama bin Laden , Iowa Caucuses
" ¢ Volume VI : Times Square , Marijuana , Googling
" ¢ Volume VII : Lance Armstrong , Aerosmith , Gatorade
" ¢ Volume VIII : Bob Dylan , New York Jets , War on Terror
" ¢ Volume IX : Hedge Fund , White Collar Crime , John Updike
" ¢ Volume X : E-mail , Bruce Springsteen , George Steinbrenner
" ¢ Volume XI : RFK , the Olsen Twins , Digg
" ¢ Volume XII : Jerry Seinfeld , Lee Harvey Oswald , Don Mattingly
" ¢ Volume XIII : Arnold Schwarzenegger , Taxicab , Hippies
" ¢ Volume XIV : Digital Watch , Prozac , David Hasselhoff
" ¢ Volume XV : George Clooney , Golden Gate Bridge , Toyota Prius
" ¢ Volume XVI : Woody Allen , The Titanic , The Beastie Boys
" ¢ Volume XVII : New York Edition
" ¢ Volume XVIII : Sports Edition
" ¢ Volume XIX : TV Edition
" ¢ Volume XX : Wrestlemania , Phil Knight , My Two Dads
" ¢ Volume XXI : Books on Tape , Condoleezza Rice , Tina Fey
" ¢ End of 2007 : Greatest Hits
" ¢ Volume XXII : HDTV , American Gladiators , Dianetics
" ¢ Volume XXIII : Barbara Bush , Sports Illustrated , The Daily Show
" ¢ Volume XXIV : " I Have A Dream " speech , Mitt Romney , Game Boy
" ¢ Volume XXV : Randy Moss , Regis Philbin , Valentine 's Day
" ¢ Volume XXVI : Yoko Ono , Universal Health Care , Tom Coughlin
" ¢ November 3 , 2007 : Appearance on NPR Weekend Edition Saturday
Dr. Robert Syl­west­er is an edu­ca­tor of edu­ca­tors , hav­ing received mul­ti­ple awards dur­ing his long career as a mas­ter com­mu­ni­ca­tor of the impli­ca­tions of brain sci­ence research for edu­ca­tion and learn­ing .
He is the author of sev­er­al books and many jour­nal arti­cles , and mem­ber of our Sci­en­tif­ic Advi­so­ry Board .
His most recent book is The Ado­les­cent Brain : Reach­ing for Auton­o­my ( Cor­win Press , 2007 ) .
He is an Emer­i­tus Pro­fes­sor of Edu­ca­tion at the Uni­ver­si­ty of Ore­gon .
I am hon­ored to inter­view him today .
Alvaro Fer­nan­dez : Let ’s start with that eter­nal source of debate .
What do we know about the respec­tive roles of genes and our envi­ron­ment in brain devel­op­ment ?
Robert Syl­west­er : Genet­ic and envi­ron­men­tal fac­tors both con­tribute to brain mat­u­ra­tion .
Genet­ics prob­a­bly play a stronger role in the ear­ly years , and the envi­ron­ment plays a stronger role in lat­er years .
Still the moth­er ’s ( envi­ron­men­tal ) use of drugs dur­ing the preg­nan­cy could affect the genet­ics of fetal brain devel­op­ment , and some adult ill­ness­es , such as Hunt­ing­ton ’s Dis­ease , are genet­i­cal­ly trig­gered .
Nature and nur­ture both require the sig­nif­i­cant con­tri­bu­tions of the oth­er in most devel­op­men­tal and main­te­nance func­tions .
We typ­i­cal­ly think of envi­ron­men­tal fac­tors as things that hap­pen to us , over which we have lit­tle con­trol .
Ca n’t our own deci­sions have an effect in our own brain devel­op­ment ?
For exam­ple , what if I choose a career in invest­ment bank­ing , vs. one in jour­nal­ism or teach­ing ?
We make our own career deci­sions in life , and most of us make a com­bi­na­tion of good and bad deci­sions , which influ­ence our brain ’s mat­u­ra­tion .
My father was very unusu­al in his career tra­jec­to­ry in that he worked at one place through­out his entire adult life , and died three months after he retired at 91 .
I ’ve always thought that it ’s a good idea to make a change every ten years or so and do some­thing dif­fer­ent either with­in the same orga­ni­za­tion or to move to anoth­er one .
It ’s just as good for orga­ni­za­tions to have some staff turnover as it is for staff to move to new chal­lenges .
The time to leave one posi­tion for anoth­er is while you and your employ­er are still hap­py with what you ’re doing .
You ’ll take what you learned in your pri­or job to your new job , and you ’ll add com­pe­ten­cies from your new job that you oth­er­wise would­ n’t have devel­oped .
I find that , in an emerg­ing field like cog­ni­tive sci­ence , we need to start by clar­i­fy­ing the lan­guage we use .
Can you define some words such as Learn­ing , Edu­ca­tion , Brain Devel­op­ment and Cog­ni­tion .
Sure .
LEARNING : Most organ­isms begin life with most or all of the pro­cess­ing sys­tems and infor­ma­tion that they need to sur­vive .
Humans are a notable excep­tion in that an adult - size brain is sig­nif­i­cant­ly larg­er than a moth­er ’s birth canal , so we ’re born with an imma­ture one pound brain that devel­ops addi­tion­al mass and capa­bil­i­ties dur­ing its 20 year post - birth devel­op­men­tal tra­jec­to­ry .
Par­ent­ing , men­tor­ing , teach­ing , and mass media are exam­ples of the cul­tur­al sys­tems that humans have devel­oped to help young peo­ple mas­ter the knowl­edge and skills they need to sur­vive and thrive in com­plex envi­ron­ments .
Learn­ing is one the main activ­i­ties we do , even if we often are not aware of it .
EDUCATION : Edu­ca­tion , like the cul­ture it sub­sumes , is a con­ser­v­a­tive phe­nom­e­non .
Sci­ence and tech­nol­o­gy move rapid­ly , but edu­ca­tion does­n’t .
So if schools often resem­ble the schools of 50 years ago , that should not be sur­pris­ing .
Par­ents remem­ber their school expe­ri­ences , and since they sur­vived them , they are typ­i­cal­ly leery about edu­ca­tors exper­i­ment­ing with their chil­dren .
This explains in part why schools have not incor­po­rat­ed many of the recent devel­op­ments in neu­ro­science and cog­ni­tive psy­chol­o­gy .
BRAIN DEVELOPMENT : Child­hood brain devel­op­ment is focused on sys­tems that allow chil­dren to rec­og­nize and remem­ber the dynam­ics of envi­ron­men­tal chal­lenges chal­lenges that pro­tec­tive adults will solve for them .
Ado­les­cent brain devel­op­ment is more focused on frontal lobe devel­op­ment , the sys­tems that allow us to respond appro­pri­ate­ly and autonomous­ly to the chal­lenges we con­front .
COGNITION : Every expe­ri­ence will alter our brain ’s orga­ni­za­tion at some lev­el , so our brain ’s pro­cess­ing net­works con­tin­u­al­ly change through­out our life .
This process is called brain plas­tic­i­ty .
For exam­ple , since my brain has adapt­ed to my switch from a type­writer to a com­put­er , it would now be dif­fi­cult ( but not impos­si­ble ) for me to write again on a type­writer .
Now , cog­ni­tion is linked to oth­er con­cepts : emo­tion is the pro­cess­ing sys­tem that tells us how impor­tant some­thing is ; atten­tion focus­es us on the impor­tant and away from the unim­por­tant things ; prob­lem - solv­ing deter­mines how to respond , part­ly on the basis of our mem­o­ry of pri­or relat­ed expe­ri­ences ; and behav­ior car­ries out the deci­sion .
The gen­er­al term cog­ni­tion encom­pass­es these var­i­ous process­es .
You recent­ly pub­lished a book titled The Ado­les­cent Brain : Reach­ing for Auton­o­my ( 2007 .
Cor­win Press ) .
What advice would you give to par­ents and edu­ca­tors of ado­les­cents ?
Bio­log­i­cal phe­nom­e­na always oper­ate with­in ranges .
For exam­ple , leaves fall from trees in the autumn , but typ­i­cal­ly not all at once .
Devel­op­men­tal changes sim­i­lar­ly do not occur at the same time and at the same rate in all child and ado­les­cent brains .
And just as it ’s pos­si­ble for wind or tem­per­a­ture to alter the time when a leaf might fall , unex­pect­ed events can alter the time when an ado­les­cent has to con­front and respond to giv­en envi­ron­men­tal chal­lenges .
The impor­tant thing for adults to do is to care­ful­ly observe an ado­les­cen­t ’s inter­ests and abil­i­ties , and insert chal­lenges that move mat­u­ra­tion for­ward at a rea­son­able lev­el .
If you push too fast , you end up with a stressed out ado­les­cent .
If you do not chal­lenge suf­fi­cient­ly , you end up with a bored ado­les­cent .
No mag­ic for­mu­la exists for get­ting this just right .
This means , for exam­ple , that we cel­e­brate the skills of artists and ath­letes who func­tion beyond typ­i­cal human capac­i­ty , and we cre­ate judi­cial sanc­tions for those whose behav­ior does not reach cul­tur­al­ly accept­able lev­els .
Most human behav­ior is per­son­al­ly cho­sen and exe­cut­ed with­in wide ranges .
We can eas­i­ly observe this wide range in such phe­nom­e­na as polit­i­cal dis­course and reli­gious belief or prac­tice .
Ado­les­cents strive towards autonomous adult­hood as they grad­u­al­ly dis­cov­er their inter­ests and capa­bil­i­ties , and what is bio­log­i­cal­ly pos­si­ble and cul­tur­al­ly appro­pri­ate .
They adapt their life to wher­ev­er they ’re most com­fort­able with­in the mar­velous sets of pos­si­ble and appro­pri­ate ranges that exist .
Ado­les­cents take risks , no doubt about that .
If you want to even­tu­al­ly func­tion with­in any range , you have to locate its out­er pos­i­tive and neg­a­tive lim­its .
Speed lim­its and oth­er reg­u­la­tions pro­vide direc­tion , but ado­les­cents ( and adults ) still tend to move towards the lim­its – and maybe just a smidgen beyond .
Bad things can then occur .
Part of learn­ing , that each per­son needs to learn to self - reg­u­late .
In short , par­ents and edu­ca­tors need to pay atten­tion to observe where ado­les­cen­t ’s inter­ests and abil­i­ties lie , and engage them with expe­ri­ences that will enable them to move for­ward .
The­o­rists , such as Howard Gard­ner , Robert Stern­berg , and David Perkins have pro­posed that intel­li­gence involves mul­ti­ple com­po­nents , and ca n’t be reduced to a sin­gle point on a numer­i­cal scale , as I.Q. attempts to do .
Edu­ca­tion is still a field with many com­pet­ing , frag­ment­ed , approach­es .
A typ­i­cal ten­sion is between move­ments that advo­cate focus­ing on intel­lec­tu­al strengths , vs. those that advo­cate train­ing and shoring up weak­ness­es , or bot­tle­necks .
What is your take ?
The answer is prob­a­bly both– but do let me know when you ’ve fig­ured out the cor­rect bal­ance in that issue , and I ’ll con­tact the folks in Stock­holm who give out the Nobel Prizes .
I take good note of that offer … what are the most excit­ing areas of brain research , and what are some resources for edu­ca­tors to learn about brain and refine teach­ing ?
Web­sites , books ?
The cog­ni­tive neu­ro­sciences are cur­rent­ly so dynam­ic .
It seems that an excit­ing new devel­op­ment occurs every day , and many of these new devel­op­ments are report­ed in the mass media .
I write a month­ly non-tech­ni­cal col­umn on edu­ca­tion­al­ly sig­nif­i­cant devel­op­ments in the cog­ni­tive neu­ro­sciences for the Inter­net jour­nal Brain Con­nec­tion .
All 90 of my ear­li­er columns are archived with­in the fol­low­ing link , so many ques­tions of read­ers have prob­a­bly been explored in pre­vi­ous columns : here .
Sharpbrains.com is anoth­er great resource .
Both web­sites will link folks to oth­er use­ful web­sites .
In terms of books , I always think an author ’s most recent book is the best one to read , since it incor­po­rates new devel­op­ments that have occurred since ear­li­er books were pub­lished .
For exam­ple , I ’m now read­ing Steven Pinker ’s intrigu­ing new book , The Stuff of Thought : Lan­guage as a Win­dow into Human Nature ( 2007 , Viking ) .
It ’s the fifth in 14 years in his series of books for gen­er­al read­ers , and I ’ve ben­e­fit­ted from each , and from their cumu­la­tive effect .
As indi­cat­ed above , my most recent book is The Ado­les­cent Brain : Reach­ing for Auton­o­my .
I ’m cur­rent­ly work­ing on a com­pan­ion book , A Child ’s Brain : The Need for Nur­ture , which Cor­win Press will pub­lish in 2009 .
One nice thing about com­mit­ting to write a book is that I now have to stay alive or at least lucid for anoth­er year or so .
And you will be both .
Robert , many thanks for your time , and see you in San Fran­cis­co next month .
Same .
Always a plea­sure to talk .
— — — — — — ——
–
You may enjoy some of our pre­vi­ous inter­views :
PHILADELPHIA ( Reuters ) - A new state civil unions law has failed to ensure that same - sex couples in New Jersey enjoy the same rights as married heterosexuals , an official report said on Tuesday .
A general view shows a New Jersey Civil Union License before the civil union ceremony in Asbury Park , New Jersey , February 22 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Chip East
On the first anniversary of the law ’s implementation , the Civil Union Review Commission said some employers in New Jersey have refused to provide benefits to the partner of employees in a civil union .
New Jersey last year became the third state to pass a civil unions law after its Supreme Court affirmed that same - sex couples have the same rights as heterosexual couples , but left the state legislature to decide whether to enshrine those rights in an institution called marriage .
Lawmakers opted for civil unions , to the dismay of gay - rights activists who argued that true equality can only be achieved by allowing gays and lesbians to marry .
In Massachusetts , the only state to have legalized same - sex marriage , the law prompted many employers to provide equal benefits to same - sex partners , the report said .
The panel of official and legislative appointees established as part of the law blamed the failure of some New Jersey employers to recognize civil unions on a federal law that allows self - insured companies -- an estimated 50 percent of all employers in the state -- to choose not to offer benefits to same - sex partners .
In addition , the federal Defense of Marriage Act says any federal statute or regulation that provides benefits to spouses applies only to partnerships between one man and one woman .
Steven Goldstein , chair of Garden State Equality , a leading gay - rights group in the state , said about 2,500 New Jersey couples have formed civil unions since the law was passed , and about a fifth have complained to his group that their unions have not been recognized by employers .
“ This report delivers a thousand cuts to the civil unions law , ” Goldstein said .
“ For same - sex couples all across New Jersey , the law segregates , discriminates and humiliates . ”
Goldstein said he expects New Jersey lawmakers to vote this year or next on a bill legalizing gay marriage .
If it passes , New Jersey would be the first U.S. state to legislatively legalize gay marriage if the bill passes .
In Massachusetts , gay marriage was legalized by the state supreme court .
Gregory Quinlan of the New Jersey Family Policy Council , a conservative Christian family advocacy group , described the report as a “ sham ” that was promoted by homosexuals and their friends .
Quinlan , who called himself a “ former homosexual , ” said he opposes equal rights for same - sex couples because homosexuality is a “ changeable ” behavior and said the people of New Jersey should be allowed to vote on an amendment to the state constitution that would outlaw same - sex marriage .
“ I see Tom as this really mean jock , ” said Vimin To , a 15 - year - old Boston Latin sophomore who is in Kay Moon ’s American literature class .
“ When he was in high school , he was king of the hill .
He had it all .
He was higher than everyone , even the teachers . ”
Image Meredith Elliott of Boston Latin and other teachers say students can see themselves in  Gatsby . 
Credit ... Jodi Hilton for The New York Times
As for Daisy , in Vimin ’s view : “ She ’s turned into an empty person .
Like Paris Hilton . ”
Vimin ’s father works in a restaurant  “ not very glamorous , ” Vimin said  and came to the United States as a refugee from Vietnam .
Vimin relates to the story of Gatsby ’s rise from the backwoods of North Dakota to New York .
“ It ’s a very inspirational tale , especially when you ’re from a background such as Mr. Gatsby , ” he said .
His version of Gatsby ’s dream : “ My goal is to make my parents proud of me .
I ’ve always been told to succeed , to take advantage of the opportunities they ’ve given me  just to be financially stable , to be able to support your family . ”
At the nearby Fenway School , some of Fran Farrell ’s seniors , who read “ Gatsby ” this year as part of their study of the American dream , found different lessons in Gatsby ’s life and violent death .
“ I think this American dream is an interpretation of a white poor man ’s dream , ” Nicole Doñe , 17 , whose family is from the Dominican Republic , said during a lively class discussion .
“ For me the American dream is working hard for something you want .
It ’s not about having money .
My dream is to get an education that I ca n’t get in the Dominican Republic , to live comfortably . ”
Several of her classmates disagreed .
“ The American dream has a lot to do with money , ” said Harkeem Steed , 17 , who compared Gatsby to his hero , Jay -Z .
“ Everything in this life is about money , ” said Melanie Nunez , whose family is from the Dominican Republic .
“ How are you going to get to college ? ”
MIAMI  Jose Padilla , the Brooklyn - born convert to Islam who was once accused by the government of plotting to detonate a “ dirty bomb ” in the United States , was sentenced on Tuesday to 17 years and four months in prison for his role in a conspiracy to help Islamic jihadist fighters abroad .
The sentence was more lenient than the federal sentencing guidelines recommended and was a blow to the government , which had requested the maximum penalty of life imprisonment for Mr. Padilla , 37 .
In explaining her decision , Judge Marcia G. Cooke of Federal District Court in Miami acknowledged the gravity of the crimes Mr. Padilla had committed .
But she questioned the range and impact of the conspiracy , saying that there was no evidence linking the men to specific acts of terrorism anywhere or that their actions had resulted in death or injury to anyone .
She also noted that defendants in other well - known American terrorism cases had received life sentences for more heinous crimes , including Zacharias Moussaoui , who was convicted of conspiracy in connection with the attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 , and Terry L. Nichols , who was convicted of murder in the 1995 bombing of the federal building in Oklahoma City .
A fireman has told how he escaped death in a paragliding accident only for a scan to reveal he had terminal cancer .
Steve Phillips was a father - to - be when he fell 40 ft ( 12 m ) after his paraglider collapsed at the White Horse in Osmington , Dorset , on 31 July .
His then pregnant partner , Becky Taylor , saw the Dorset Fire and Rescue watch manager land on his back .
Mr Phillips ' daughter was born days later .
A tumour in his stomach was diagnosed as Hodgkin 's lymphoma two weeks later .
You initially think that 's it , I have been given a death sentence , I am going to die
Steve Phillips
The 42 - year - old watch manager at Weymouth fire station said he went to hospital for X - rays , which came back clear but " there must have been something [ in the X - rays ] they did n't like , some sort of shadow " .
Following the scan , doctors broke the news to Mr Phillips , from Broadwey in Weymouth , that he had terminal lymphatic cancer throughout his body .
He has been told there is no cure and has between five and eight years to live .
" It is absolutely horrendous , " he said .
" You initially think that 's it , I have been given a death sentence , I am going to die . "
Mr Phillips took part in a free Macmillan Cancer Care six - week course , Living with cancer , to help him cope .
Clinical trial " At the moment I am not showing any typical symptoms of the disease .
" I 'm fit .
I still go running , do weights and work .
" I needed to go back to work , I needed the camaraderie of the guys on the watch .
" The biggest difficulty is psychological . "
Mr Phillips , who is undergoing a two - year clinical trial at Southampton General Hospital , said he had always wanted children - one of the issues which led to his divorce two years ago .
He met Becky soon afterwards and they had their daughter , Isabella .
Mr Phillips plans to train in Bath so that he can tutor a Macmillan Cancer Care course to help others cope with a terminal illness starting in Dorchester next month .
He added : " To think I wo n't see her on her 18th or 21st is really a mind blowing thing . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Ireland 's ongoing paedophile priest scandals have taken a bizarre turn with two of the country 's top Catholic clerics clashing in the courts over secret church files .
Cardinal Desmond Connell and Archbishop Diarmuid Martin are battling over the proposed publication of files relating to the former 's handling of complaints against paedophile priests .
The unprecedented move to hold up publication has prompted claims of a church cover up by a senior Irish canon law expert .
Connell , 81 , went to the high court this week to prevent an Irish state inquiry from examining files concerned with clerical child abuse while he was in charge of the church in Dublin .
Connell was urged to resign when a major abuse scandal was exposed in the Irish capital six years ago .
He was accused of ignoring victims ' allegations of abuse and failing to act against priests accused of paedophile activities .
Martin , a former Vatican diplomat and rising star of the Irish Catholic church , wanted to hand over the files as part of his policy to create more openness in the Dublin diocese .
But without informing Martin , Connell went to the high court on Wednesday night to seek an injunction preventing the files from being handed over .
The documents are understood to relate to legal advice Connell and other members of the Catholic hierarchy received following claims of widespread child sexual abuse in the Dublin diocese .
Although Connell previously promised the Irish police and victims ' groups that a new independent inquiry would have full access to church files , he argued that the documents were privileged and protected by lawyer - client confidentiality .
Leading Irish canon lawyer and priest Tom Doyle has openly accused Connell of a cover up .
" The only reason why Cardinal Connell would seek to prevent access to the files is because they contain incriminating evidence .
He is attempting to hide behind legal doctrine .
This is not privileged information , ' he said .
A spokesman for Connell said he was in a hospital in Rome after falling during a visit to the Vatican and was not available to comment .
At present there are 450 legal cases taken by victims of clerical abuse in Dublin alone .
Martin's own inquiry team has also identified 147 priests and members of religious orders against whom allegations of sexual abuse were made over the last 60 years .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Dean Baker takes a look at this paragraph from a NYT analysis of Bush ’s economic record :
Mr. Bush has spent years presiding over an economic climate of growth that would be the envy of most presidents .
Yet much to the consternation of his political advisers , he has had trouble getting credit for it , in large part because Americans were consumed by the war in Iraq .
Not so fast , says Baker .
He pulls up the rankings of the presidential terms since 1960 by average annual GDP growth :
Kennedy - Johnson — 5.2 %
Clinton — 3.6 %
Reagan — 3.4 %
Carter — 3.4 %
Nixon - Ford — 2.7 %
Bush II — 2.6 %
Bush I — 1.9 %
That list says an awful lot .
( 1 ) The Family Bush really does n’t know how to manage the economy .
( 2 ) Democrats are pretty good at it .
( 3 ) Carter probably gets more crap than he deserves for his economic performance .
After Vista 's release , Creative 's Audigy Sound Blaster series lost a lot of their in - built functionality .
Developer , good - guy and all around hero , Daniel_K stepped up to the challenge , putting together his own drivers and asking for non-obligatory donations in recognition of his effort .
Daniel_K 's drivers restored functionality , and added some extra features to boot .
That 's great news , right ?
Apparently not ; Creative is pissed .
We 're not too sure why Creative would n't want their old products having proper cross OS support implemented .
Sure , they do provide beta drivers , but word is they are n't to stable , plus we 're guessing their newer , shinier and more expensive replacement devices have something to do with it .
Frankly , those wo n't sell if some asshole is putting down his own , backward compatible drivers to bring old hardware up to speed .
Checkout what Creative had to say below :
Daniel_K :
We are aware that you have been assisting owners of our Creative sound cards for some time now , by providing unofficial driver packages for Vista that deliver more of the original functionality that was found in the equivalent XP packages for those sound cards .
In principle we do n't have a problem with you helping users in this way , so long as they understand that any driver packages you supply are not supported by Creative .
Where we do have a problem is when technology and IP owned by Creative or other companies that Creative has licensed from , are made to run on other products for which they are not intended .
We took action to remove your thread because , like you , Creative and its technology partners think it is only fair to be compensated for goods and services .
The difference in this case is that we own the rights to the materials that you are distributing .
By enabling our technology and IP to run on sound cards for which it was not originally offered or intended , you are in effect , stealing our goods .
When you solicit donations for providing packages like this , you are profiting from something that you do not own .
If we choose to develop and provide host - based processing features with certain sound cards and not others , that is a business decision that only we have the right to make .
Although you say you have discontinued your practice of distributing unauthorized software packages for Creative sound cards we have seen evidence of them elsewhere along with donation requests from you .
We also note in a recent post of yours on these forums , that you appear to be contemplating the release of further packages .
To be clear , we are asking you to respect our legal rights in this matter and cease all further unauthorized distribution of our technology and IP .
In addition we request that you observe our forum rules and respect our right to enforce those rules .
If you are in any doubt as to what we would consider unacceptable then please request clarification through one of our forum moderators before posting .
Phil O'Shaughnessy
VP Corporate Communications
Creative Labs Inc .
FOR MORE INFORMATION FOR MORE INFORMATION
News from SPACE.com Science and space news on USATODAY.com
The two biggest mysteries in cosmology may be one .
A new theory says that dark matter and dark energy could arise from a single dark fluid that permeates the whole universe .
And this could mean Earth - based dark matter searches will come up empty .
Dark matter , as originally hypothesized , is extra hidden mass that astrophysicists calculate is necessary for holding together fast - turning galaxies .
The most popular notion is that this matter is made of some yet - to - be- identified particle that has almost no interactions with light or ordinary matter .
Yet it seems to be everywhere , acting as a scaffolding for galaxy clusters and the whole structure of the universe .
On the other hand , dark energy is needed to explain the more recently - discovered acceleration of the universe 's expansion .
It supposedly exists all throughout space , delivering a pressure that counteracts gravity .
It 's counterintuitive that one substance could be both a gravitational anchor for galaxies and anti-gravity force for the universe .
However , HongSheng Zhao of the University of St Andrews in Scotland claims that a fluid - like dark energy can act like dark matter when its density becomes high enough .
" Dark energy is a property of the vacuum — of fields that we do not easily see , " Zhao told Space.com .
" From it , we can derive the dark matter effect . "
Zhao compares this dark fluid to Earth 's atmosphere .
Atmospheric pressure causes air to expand , but part of the air can collapse to form clouds .
In the same way , the dark fluid might generally expand , but it also could collect around galaxies to help hold them together .
Unification Zhao is not the first theorist to try to bring dark energy and dark matter under the same framework .
The type of dark fluid that Zhao is looking at is similar to one that Pedro Ferreira of the University of Oxford and his colleagues devised a few years ago .
" [ Our theory ] involves positing a preferred time direction , in some sense a special time frame , " Ferreira said .
" It has the interesting effect of modifying Einstein 's theory of general relativity . "
The idea is similar to the " ether , " an invisible medium that physicists once thought light waves travelled through .
Einstein 's relativity did away with the need for such a medium , but cosmologists have recently found that an ether - like substance can mimic dark matter .
The presence of such a substance changes the way gravity works .
This is most noticeable in the distant outskirts of a galaxy , where the galaxy 's gravitational pull would be expected to be small , but the ether makes it much stronger .
The ether " effectively softens space - time in regions of low [ gravitational ] acceleration making it more sensitive to the presence of mass than usual , " Ferreira explained .
Zhao has refined this approach and found that it can match a lot of astronomical data , as reported in a recent article in Astrophysical Journal Letters .
" I like [ Zhao 's model ] because it shows that these theories are predictive and , if worked out in detail , can be tested properly against experiment , " Ferreira said .
For one , Zhao 's fluid divides itself into a dark energy part and a dark matter part with the same ratio that is seen from observations ( dark energy is about 75 % of the universe 's mass - energy content , while dark matter is about 21 % and normal matter makes up the last 4 % ) .
Although the fluid is all around us , Zhao found that it does not affect the motion of Earth or the other planets , which is " reassuring , " he said , because data shows that our solar system obeys traditional gravity to very high accuracy .
But the fluid does affect the speed at which galaxies can rotate .
Some 75 years ago , astronomers noticed that galaxies were turning faster than would be expected from the amount of normal light - emitting matter they contained .
The answer seemed to require some form of unseen dark matter .
However , Zhao has shown that his fluid can keep galaxies from flying apart just as well as dark matter can .
Zhao has also tested his model against the bullet cluster of galaxies , where a massive collision appears to have stripped hot gas from its dark matter envelope .
This " naked " dark matter was seen as iron - clad proof for traditional dark matter theories , but Zhao claims that his fluid can reproduce the same effect .
Christian Boehmer from University College London thinks it " compelling " that Zhao 's model can reproduce so much galaxy data .
Word search
If the dark fluid is mimicking dark matter , then scientists are searching in vain for the elusive dark matter particle , often called a WIMP ( for weakly interacting massive particle ) .
Currently , several experiments are trying to detect a rare collision of a WIMP on Earth or observe gamma rays from distant WIMP self - annihilations .
" Direct detections will be more difficult , " Zhao said .
WIMPs may still exist , but there wo n't be as many of them as predicted .
Without WIMPs to worry about , the dark fluid could make scientists ' jobs easier .
But not many cosmologists are ready to abandon dark matter just yet .
The dark fluid idea is still fairly new , so some issues have yet to be worked out , whereas dark matter is a fairly mature theory .
" The current [ dark matter ] model provides the best fit to the data and is therefore the best model at hand , " Boehmer said .
However , Boehmer agrees that having two unknowns — dark matter and dark energy — make up 95 % of the universe is a bit embarrassing for cosmology .
" Frankly speaking , these are just fancy words we use to name something we do not understand , " he said .
If a simpler model ( with a single word ) can explain all the data , then cosmologists will gladly accept it , Boehmer said .
Copyright 2007 , SPACE.com Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED .
Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
While some will remember this weekend 's test at Barcelona for the outrageous behaviour of a number of morons who gave the term ' race fans ' a whole new meaning , it is our pleasure to report an incident that shows the caring side of the sport .
On entering the circuit early on Saturday morning , Dave Cornish , who looks after the McLaren motorhome at tests , could n't help but notice a small girl with her nose pressed tight against the wire .
Dave could n't help but notice her because she was decked out in a set of McLaren overalls .
While certain parties were making their way to the track , offensive banners under one arm , book of racist taunts under the other , Dave invited the girl and her mother into the paddock for a closer look at her heroes .
Claudia ( for that is her name ) , was given a guided tour of the McLaren set - up - which had been fenced off in order to prevent any unwelcome morons - and even got to meet with Lewis Hamilton and Heikki Kovalainen .
Furthermore , according to our source - who do you think took the pictures ?
- Lewis and Heikki did n't merely brush her off with a quick signature and a smile but actually took time out to chat to her .
Her mother subsequently sent an e-mail to the team on Sunday thanking them for their gesture .
" Thanks for what you have done for Claudia today , " she wrote .
" When she has come home she was so excited she could not explain to her sister what had happened .
Thanks one more time . "
Our picture shows a delighted Claudia and the man who made it all possible , Dave Cornish .
Finally , please note that this is not a press release , in fact we 're sure McLaren will be embarrassed and Dave might even get a rollicking for inviting Claudia and her mother in .
However , we think it 's a story worth sharing .
Satisfactory sexual intercourse for couples lasts from 3 to 13 minutes , contrary to popular fantasy about the need for hours of sexual activity , according to a survey of U.S. and Canadian sex therapists .
Penn State Erie researchers Eric Corty and Jenay Guardiani conducted a survey of 50 full members of the Society for Sex Therapy and Research , which include psychologists , physicians , social workers , marriage / family therapists and nurses who have collectively seen thousands of patients over several decades .
Thirty - four , or 68 percent , of the group responded and rated a range of time amounts for sexual intercourse , from penetration of the vagina by the penis until ejaculation , that they considered adequate , desirable , too short and too long .
The average therapists ’ responses defined the ranges of intercourse activity times : " adequate , " from 3 - 7 minutes ; " desirable , " from 7 - 13 minutes ; " too short " from 1 - 2 minutes ; and " too long " from 10 - 30 minutes .
" A man ’s or woman ’s interpretation of his or her sexual functioning as well as the partner ’s relies on personal beliefs developed in part from society ’s messages , formal and informal , " the researchers said .
“ " Unfortunately , today ’s popular culture has reinforced stereotypes about sexual activity .
Many men and women seem to believe the fantasy model of large penises , rock - hard erections and all - night - long intercourse . "
Past research has found that a large percentage of men and women , who responded , wanted sex to last 30 minutes or longer .
" This seems a situation ripe for disappointment and dissatisfaction , " said lead author Eric Corty , associate professor of psychology .
" With this survey , we hope to dispel such fantasies and encourage men and women with realistic data about acceptable sexual intercourse , thus preventing sexual disappointments and dysfunctions . "
Corty and Guardiani , then - undergraduate student and now a University graduate , are publishing their findings in the May issue of the Journal of Sexual Medicine , but the article is currently available online .
The survey ’s research also has implications for treatment of people with existing sexual problems .
" If a patient is concerned about how long intercourse should last , these data can help shift the patient away from a concern about physical disorders and to be initially treated with counseling , instead of medicine , " Corty noted .
Source : Penn State
Explore further Breast cancer survivors who experience pain during intercourse may benefit from lidocaine
DIGG THIS
Contrary to popular belief , the betrayal of the American right and the Republican Party did not begin with the administration of George W. Bush , his father George H. W. Bush , Ronald Reagan , or Barry Goldwater .
It began much earlier as this new book by the late Murray N. Rothbard details .
This is a fabulous book I have eagerly awaited almost thirty years .
It meets my every expectation and confirmation of the brilliance of its author .
Murray Rothbard remains unsurpassed in analytical insight and clarity of perception .
Republican presidential candidate Ron Paul often describes himself as belonging to the non-interventionist tradition of the “ Old Right ” in American politics , and that his hero or mentor in this regard is Ohio Republican Senator Robert A. Taft , son of President and Chief Justice of the United States William H. Taft .
To the mouthpieces of the mainstream news media with their shallow view of American political history , this is very perplexing .
Their superficial knowledge of events rarely stretches beyond the Reagan years , if indeed that far back .
The “ Old Right ” arose in opposition to the warfare / welfare state of Franklin Roosevelt ’s New Deal and Harry Truman ’s Fair Deal policies of domestic corporate statism and foreign imperial interventionism .
The “ Old Right ” Republicans in Congress , such as Senator Taft , Congressman Howard Buffett ( father of the billionaire investor Warren Buffett ) , Congressman George Bender , and Congressman H. R. Gross , were pro-peace opponents of war , militarism , imperialism , and conscription .
Reminiscent of Ron Paul , they fought against tyrannical centralization of power in the executive branch , and the undeclared , no -win Korean War as Paul has done with the Iraq War .
There were lies and intelligence duplicity involved in the Korean conflict as there has been with the war in Iraq .
Howard Buffett was convinced the disastrous war in Korea was aggressively launched by the U. S. as described in secret Senate Armed Services Committee classified testimony by CIA Director Admiral Roscoe Hillenkoeter , much like the role played by George Tenent and the Pentagon ’s Office of Special Plans concerning Iraq .
But after WWII this glorious tradition suffered crucial setbacks ( such as the well - documented theft of the 1952 Republican nomination of Taft by the Eisenhower forces ) and eventually in the early 1950s the “ Old Right ” was being replaced by a “ New Right ” of aggressive militarists committed to a global imperial role for the United States .
I have long believed that the secret role of the intelligence community ( in particular that of CIA operative William F. Buckley ’s National Review magazine ) in precipitating this decisive shift in opinion was crucial and Rothbard confirms these suspicions .
This terrific new book details how this betrayal all came about .
Originally written in the early 1970s and updated in the 1990s prior to his death , it has finally been published and is more timely than ever .
For a terrific description of the 1952 Republican Convention story and much more , see Phyllis Schlafly ’s A Choice Not An Echo , one of the true American classics of modern political publishing .
While Schlafly ’s 1964 pamphlet was designed to advocate the presidential candidacy of Arizona Senator Barry Goldwater , it nevertheless remains an on - target expos of how the “ secret kingmakers , ” the northeastern seaboard anglophile Establishment of the Morgan / Rockefeller international bankers , relentlessly tried to destroy and sabotage the popular “ Old Right ” Republican forces in presidential elections from 1936 onward .
Another related book is Thomas E. Mahl ’s Desperate Deception : British Covert Operations in the United States , 1939  44 , which details the vast secret intelligence campaign of British intelligence , the Roosevelt administration , and the anglophile Establishment to push the United States into World War II and destroy the “ Old Right ” in the process .
As pointed out above , these efforts were continued under the CIA , the successor to the WWII Office of Strategic Services .
This process continues today by the CIA ’s demonic spawn , the neocons .
Neoconservatism : A CIA Front ?
These guys hated Robert Taft and the “ Old Right ” and did everything possible to destroy their influence and impact on American policy .
Their Establishment descendants hate Ron Paul and will try to do everything to destroy him and his presidential candidacy .
These three books are must - reading for all Ron Paul supporters to know your history and what we are up against .
Our greatest saving grace today is that the Internet has destroyed the formerly all - powerful impact of the Establishment ’s mainstream news media ’s gatekeepers in setting the parameters of the presidential policy debate .
Knowledge is power .
Act upon this knowledge .
Buy The Book
September 17 , 2007
The Best of Charles Burris
Dramatic events are coming so fast in Northern Ireland , it 's sometimes hard to keep up .
But one recent development at Stormont deserves to be recorded as a journalistic landmark .
When the Democratic Unionist Party assembly member Ian Paisley Jnr stood down from his father 's department last month , he became the first government minister in the UK to resign because of the Freedom of Information Act ( FOI ) .
His resignation has since become part of a bigger story : it undoubtedly helped weaken Ian Paisley senior , who has now set his own departure date as First Minister .
Some day , an enterprising media - studies student will produce an acclaimed PhD thesis on the slow demise of the younger of the two Paisleys .
His resignation came after relentless revelations over links to the developer and DUP member Seymour Sweeney .
Mr Paisley Jnr , it should be stressed , has firmly denied any wrongdoing .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
He did not help himself at the outset of the controversy by appearing to play down his Sweeney connections , telling an interviewer last September : " I know of him , yes " .
At this point , the businessman was poised to get the go - ahead for a contentious visitor - centre development above the Giant 's Causeway , Northern Ireland 's only Unesco world heritage site .
FOI disclosures revealed the extent of lobbying by Mr Paisley Jnr in support of this scheme over a number of years .
His father had been involved , too – protesting in writing to the Heritage Lottery Fund in 2003 at a grant refusal for Mr Sweeney .
This letter , released last October under FOI , incorrectly claimed the Causeway project had the approval of Unesco itself .
When the letter became public , the First Minister reacted with an outburst from the Assembly floor , attacking " wide ranging " FOI requests being " sent in by lazy journalists , who will not do any work " .
A complaint about his Heritage Lottery Fund letter was made to the Commons Standards Commissioner .
The " cronyism " row over Sweeney proved a headache for another DUP minister , who was poised to issue planning approval for the Causeway centre scheme .
She maintained that she had been unaware that the Paisleys had been batting for the businessman .
In the end , planning permission was refused .
By this time , it had been revealed – again through FOI requests – that Mr Paisley Jnr had also lobbied in support of a massive government land sale plan , involving Mr Sweeney .
Freedom of Information disclosures did not just come about through journalistic efforts .
The hardline Unionist MEP Jim Allister obtained documents showing that Mr Paisley Jnr had lobbied on Sweeney - related projects at the 2006 St Andrews talks that led to the return of the Northern Ireland Assembly the following year .
The St Andrews " shopping list " was personally considered by Tony Blair , who was no doubt keen to keep the Paisleys sweet , amid hopes of a power - sharing deal .
The Blair lobbying revelation infuriated other parts of the DUP .
The end for Paisley Jnr came through a general FOI request about rental expenses for politicians ' constituency offices .
It 's the kind of enquiry a reporter might submit on a quiet afternoon .
But when the draft figures were circulated in the Stormont assembly for checking purposes prior to release , they started alarm bells ringing in the DUP .
That was because the rent received by the two Paisleys for their sizeable joint office was more than three times the amount of the next highest claim .
It was then confirmed that Seymour Sweeney had facilitated the mortgage for the purchase of the building , and that the firm owning it was headed by Mr Paisley Jnr 's father - in - law .
All within the Assembly rules , but party colleagues had had more than enough of the negative headlines by now .
Paisley Junior quit – thanks to " lazy journalists " and that pesky FOI Act .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Some powerful congressmen are raising new questions about telecom immunity based upon the allegations of a new industry whistleblower .
In a letter released yesterday , three senior members of the House Energy and Commerce committee , including its chairman , John Dingell ( D - Mich . ) highlight the case of Babak Pasdar , who has charged “ at least one major wireless telecommunications giant ” of giving “ a Governmental entity access to every communication coming through that company ’s infrastructure , including every e-mail , Internet use , document transmission , video , and text message , as well as the ability to listen in on any phone call . ”
Pasdar has been known to the committee for some time , but he has come forward publicly now because the Bush administration has blocked every effort to investigate his charges privately .
His allegations mirror those of retired AT&T technician Mark Klein , who came forward accusing his company of providing the government access to , well , just about everything .
Dingell , ( along with subcommittee chairmen Edward Markey and Bart Stupak ) write “ Members should be given adequate time to properly evaluate the separate question of retroactive immunity . ”
At least .
The letter can be accessed here .
The Bundle and Setup
We 're always on the lookout for Asus Eee PC updates and today we 've come up with some breaking news for you relative to the Windows XP variant that is due to hit the market in April .
Actually , it 's more than just some breaking news ; we 've got one .
Though the machine is n't due out until sometime in the next few weeks , we were able to get our hands on a full retail bundle well before they hit store shelves in the US .
The included operating system , software and add - in bundle is really the only thing that differentiates this Eee PC version , versus the Linux - based 4G model that we looked at for you back in November 2007 .
Let 's take a look at the new offering Asus has in store for consumers with the Asus Eee PC 4G - X Windows XP ultraportable notebook .
The standard assortment of accoutrements is included in the bundle , along with a couple of notable upgrades .
Asus took the initiative to provide an additional 4GB SD card from Adata , a healthy storage expansion for the system .
In addition , an Asus - branded optical mouse was thrown in for good measure .
Dam , amazing work Napalm ... hopefully ill be able to do something like that some day .
How do you learn about this stuff lol ? , your like a living msdn ... hopefully ill be as good as you when im your age .
am about to test , KOrUPt .
Edit : what codec did you use to create the vid , i cant play it XD
Edited by KOrUPt , 24 October 2007 - 06:42 PM .
Shakespeare invented more words than most people even know .
Seriously , there 's at least 1,500 different words and phrases that do n't appear anywhere prior to the Bard of Avon putting them on paper .
When he got stuck trying to think up a word , the man just made his own .
It 's kind of like what rappers do today , except the words Shakespeare made up got embedded into our culture and have formed the cornerstone of our discourse , rather than being obnoxiously spouted by white college students trying to be ironic .
And while they were n't all winners ( " unhair " still seems to be struggling ) others , as you 'll see , are so common you 've probably already quoted Shakespeare today and you did n't even know it .
Fo ' sheezy .
Advertisement
Eyeball First Used :
A Midsummer Night 's Dream , Act III , Scene ii , Oberon to Puck .
" Then crush this herb into Lysander 's eye ;
Whose liquor hath this virtuous property ,
To take from thence all error with his might ,
And make his eyeballs roll with wonted sight . "
Translated :
" Grind leaves and shit into that guy 's eyes until he goes blind . "
Where We'd Be Without It :
Totally unable to explain where we sniped this guy in Call of Duty 4 .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Why It 's Un-Fucking - Believable :
Yep , as far as we know that 's the first time anybody wrote the word " eyeballs . " " Eyes " were there , " balls " were there , yet no one until Billy thought to put the two together .
Well , there was one guy , but according to historical records that ended in an arrest for assault and indecent exposure .
Puking First Used :
As You Like It , Act II , Scene vii , Jaques to Duke Senior .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
" They have their exits and their entrances ;
And one man in his time plays many parts ,
His acts being seven ages .
At first the infant ,
Mewling and puking in the nurse 's arms . "
Translated :
" All humans have seven things in common .
One of those things is that when they were babies , they threw up on their governesses . "
Where We'd Be Without It :
Without a proper search term for many of the funniest videos on the internet .
Why It 's Un-Fucking - Believable :
Imagining Shakespeare 's quill scratching parchment whenever we 're hugging the toilet after our ninth vodka tonic gives it a surreal quality that certainly does n't help the hangover .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
How Leander Kahney Got Everything Wrong by Being an Irredeemable Jackass
A decade ago , Wired was my favorite magazine .
Today , they print mind - numbing tripe like Leander Kahney ’s 3,500 - word cover story , “ How Apple Got Everything Right by Doing Everything Wrong ” .
Kahney ’s central premise , insofar as there is a premise , is that Apple has succeeded either despite or because it operates in ways that are contrary to conventional wisdom .
Kahney writes :
Everybody is familiar with Google ’s famous catchphrase , “ Do n’t be evil . ”
It has become a shorthand mission statement for Silicon Valley , encompassing a variety of ideals that — proponents say — are good for business and good for the world : Embrace open platforms .
Trust decisions to the wisdom of crowds .
Treat your employees like gods .
What do any of these things have to do with “ evil ” ?
Who , prior to Leander Kahney here in this piece , has decided that this is what Google means by not being evil ?
These three things may well be apt descriptions of Google ’s corporate strategies ( although it ’s debatable ) , but they ’re unrelated to Google ’s “ Do n’t be evil ” mantra .
Mediocre employee cafeterias are evil ?
It ’s ironic , then , that one of the Valley ’s most successful companies ignored all of these tenets .
It ’s particularly ironic given that Apple had been in business for two decades prior to Google ’s existence .
Google and Apple may have a friendly relationship — Google CEO Eric Schmidt sits on Apple ’s board , after all — but by Google ’s definition , Apple is irredeemably evil , behaving more like an old - fashioned industrial titan than a different - thinking business of the future .
“ Irredeemably evil ” .
Because they ’re secretive and develop closed platforms .
Think about that .
What ’s more , Google ’s engineers have unprecedented autonomy ; they choose which projects they work on and whom they work with .
And they are encouraged to allot 20 percent of their work week to pursuing their own software ideas .
The result ?
Products like Gmail and Google News , which began as personal endeavors .
So Google employees just stroll into the office and work on whatever they want .
Uh-huh .
And there certainly are n’t any projects from Apple that started as side - projects by one inspired engineer .
Nothing like , say , iMovie ’08 .
Jobs , by contrast , is a notorious micromanager .
No product escapes Cupertino without meeting Jobs ’ exacting standards , which are said to cover such esoteric details as the number of screws on the bottom of a laptop and the curve of a monitor ’s corners .
There ’s certainly no one at Google who sweats the details and approves every change , no matter how minor , to the Google.com home page .
No one like , say , Marissa Mayer .
Kahney ’s point seems to be that it ’s somehow surprising that Apple has succeeded despite being different from Google , and but also that Google is somehow representative of a typical Silicon Valley company .
It is not .
Google and Apple are both unusual companies — and in many ways , particularly the specific ways Kahney claims they ’re so very different , they ’re actually alike .
With regard to open platforms , neither Google nor Apple are dogmatic either way .
So , yes , it ’s true that Apple ’s strategy is not to be open by default out of the belief that “ openness ” is inherently good or inherently leads to success .
But nor is it to be closed by default , either .
Apple simply tries to do what ’s best for Apple .
In some cases that is closed ( Mac OS X , iPhone OS ) , and in others it is open ( WebKit , Darwin , CalDAV ) .
The same goes for Google .
They are a huge contributor and proponent of open source software , but last I checked , they have n’t released the source code for Gmail or their algorithms for web search and ad relevance .
Apple ’s WebKit is the perfect example : open source code implementing open web standards , and freely available to serve as the built - in web rendering engine for numerous mobile platforms that compete directly against the iPhone — including Google ’s Android .
The whole contrast - with - Google angle makes no sense , holds up to no scrutiny , and serves no purpose other than to reach the punchy conclusion that Apple is “ irredeemably evil ” .
By Kahney ’s logic , any company that is different from Google — and clearly most companies are far more different from Google than Apple is — is evil .
I ca n’t tell if Kahney is being willfully obtuse or is simply a shithead .
1
The simple , obvious truth is that both Apple and Google have atypical strategies and cultures , and both companies have achieved atypical results .
Imagine that .
Here ’s Kahney ’s analysis regarding Apple ’s lack of internal openness :
Apple ’s secrecy may not seem out of place in Silicon Valley , land of the nondisclosure agreement , where algorithms are protected with the same zeal as missile launch codes .
But in recent years , the tech industry has come to embrace candor .
Microsoft — once the epitome of the faceless megalith — has softened its public image by encouraging employees to create no -holds - barred blogs , which share details of upcoming projects and even criticize the company .
Facelessness is not secrecy .
Microsoft has never been all that secretive as a company .
In fact , they ’re ( in ) famous for the opposite — leaking product details far in advance for competitive advantage .
As for Google ’s complete and utter lack of secrecy , ask them to tell you the details of their data centers .
Sun Microsystems CEO
Jonathan Schwartz has used his widely read blog to announce layoffs , explain strategy , and defend acquisitions .
What with Sun ’s stock price losing 97 percent of its value over the last seven years , it ’s hard to believe any company would n’t model themselves after Sun.
Layoffs are fun when the CEO blogs about them .
Apple ’s relationship with the press is dismissive at best , adversarial at worst ; Jobs himself speaks only to a handpicked batch of reporters , and only when he deems it necessary .
( He declined to talk to Wired for this article . )
What kind of secretive crackpot would n’t want to speak to a writer working on a piece that labels your company “ irredeemably evil ” and whose best - known work is a book that literally brands your customers as cultists ?
What a jerk .
Forget corporate blogs —
Apple does n’t seem to like anyone blogging about the company .
Guess we ’ll have to take Kahney ’s word for that .
And Apple appears to revel in obfuscation .
For years , Jobs dismissed the idea of adding video capability to the iPod .
“ We want it to make toast , ” he quipped sarcastically at a 2004 press conference .
“ We ’re toying with refrigeration , too . ” A year later , he unveiled the fifth - generation iPod , complete with video .
The gall of the man , refusing to lay bare Apple ’s competitive plans in public a year in advance .
There ’s an old poker adage : Look around the table , and if you ca n’t tell who the sucker is , it ’s you .
One gets the feeling that if you see Leander Kahney at your table , you can stop looking .
Here ’s the best part of the piece though :
Secrecy has also served Apple ’s marketing efforts well , building up feverish anticipation for every announcement .
In the weeks before Macworld Expo , Apple ’s annual trade show , the tech media is filled with predictions about what product Jobs will unveil in his keynote address .
Consumer - tech
Web sites liveblog the speech as it happens , generating their biggest traffic of the year .
And the next day , practically every media outlet covers the announcements .
Harvard business professor David Yoffie has said that the introduction of the iPhone resulted in headlines worth $ 400 million in advertising .
What makes this so great is that just seven paragraphs prior , Kahney retraces the saga of Apple vs.
Think Secret publisher Nick Ciarelli2 thusly :
Most companies would pay millions of dollars for that kind of attention — an army of fans so eager to buy your stuff that they can’t wait for official announcements to learn about the newest products .
But not Apple .
Over the course of his run , Ciarelli received dozens of cease - and - desist letters from the object of his affection , charging him with everything from copyright infringement to disclosing trade secrets .
In January 2005 , Apple filed a lawsuit against Ciarelli , accusing him of illegally soliciting trade secrets from its employees .
One can argue ( as I would ) that Apple ’s product secrecy is worth tens of millions of dollars in publicity every year .
Or , one can argue that Apple spitefully pissed away even more valuable publicity by shutting down Think Secret .
( You ’d be wrong , but you can reasonably argue that . )
But Kahney , in the course of seven paragraphs in a single article , argues both .
It boggles the mind .
Kahney ’s own source claims the secrecy surrounding the iPhone introduction alone was worth $ 400 million in publicity .
Even if that ’s off by an entire order of magnitude , that ’s a lot of dough .
And yet in the very same article Kahney presents it as a mystery for the ages why Apple would take an adversarial position against Think Secret , a for - profit enterprise dedicated to spoiling exactly that sort of surprise product introduction .
So this is the sort of logic , research , and insight that passes for a Wired cover story today .
Does anyone at Wired even read this shit before publishing it ?
Filtering sounds so wholesome .
As with filtered water , Internet filtering backers suggest that their products simply keep the sludge from passing through , and who wants to drink unfiltered sludge ?
The big difference between the two kinds of filtering is that sludge can't use 128 - bit keys and AES encryption to hide its sludgy nature ; Internet traffic can .
It 's a key problem for any Internet filtering regime , including the one being studied right now by AT&T .
Once strong encryption is slapped on Internet traffic , the effectiveness of filters drops off dramatically .
At a Washington , DC , tech conference last week , RIAA boss Cary Sherman suggested that Internet filtering was a super idea but that he saw no reason to mandate it .
Turns out that was only part of the story , though ; Sherman 's a sharp guy , and he 's fully aware that filtering will prompt an encryption arms race that is going to be impossible to win ... unless users somehow install the filtering software on their home PCs or equipment .
Last night , Public Knowledge posted a video clip from the conference that drew attention to Sherman 's other remarks on the topic of filtering , and what he has to say is downright amazing : due to the encryption problem , filters may need to be put on end users '
PCs .
The issue of encryption " would have to be faced , " Sherman admitted after talking about the wonders of filtering .
" One could have a filter on the end user 's computer that would actually eliminate any benefit from encryption because if you want to hear [ the music ] , you would need to decrypt it , and at that point the filter would work . "
This means moving the filter out of the network and onto the edges ( local machines ) , since it's at the edges that decryption and playback occurs .
But who would voluntarily install software that would continually scan incoming P2P streams for copyrighted material after that material has been decrypted ?
Or software that would watch every song you played and tried to figure out if it was legit ?
Sherman knows it 's a tough sell .
" Why would somebody put that on their machine ? " he asked rhetorically .
" They would n't likely want to do that . "
No ... they would n't .
But Sherman 's idea is that customers install filtering software such as virus scanners all the time because they see a tangible benefit to it .
Apparently , they are supposed to realize the same benefit from installing a filter that flags as illegal the very music that they are trying to download .
This is clearly not going to happen , so Sherman has another idea .
He appears to suggest installing the filter in a customer 's cable or DSL modem , which would n't act as anything more than a network filter ( the encryption and decryption happens on the PC ) .
There 's also some talk of putting the filtering tech into " applications " such as P2P apps , but again , this seems unlikely , especially for the open - source ones .
Maybe he hopes to get OS vendors on board ?
The entire scheme has about as much chance of success as my 2008 bid for the White House ( write - in Anderson for President in November ! ) .
The only way to make it work is to mandate the filters or have ISPs mandate that users install them to get on the Internet .
The consumer backlash from such a plan would be like the force of a thousand supernovas , and it's hard to visualize this happening .
What 's most incredible about all of this is that the RIAA and some ISPs ( namely AT&T ) are seriously moving ahead with a filtering regime despite their own admissions that it wo n't work .
Filters might work , they might allow for fair use , and they could conceivably be built in such a way as to maintain privacy , but it just would n't matter .
Filtering as a concept is ultimately doomed by encryption unless the " filters " simply block entire protocols altogether , and talking about the consumer benefits of installing RIAA - approved filtering software is just another sign of how ludicrous the entire debate has become .
It 's time to find a better solution with more than a short - term chance of success .
The Mexican Army is crossing the border along Rio Grande to assist drug smugglers .
Just turn your head and do not pay attention .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Army Sgt. Nick Paupore was in the lead Humvee in a convoy rolling through Kirkuk City , Iraq , when the vehicle was hit by a roadside bomb .
In a new therapy for " phantom pain , " a mirror is placed next to the remaining leg .
Paupore says it was n't a very big explosion , more like a loud firecracker .
He could feel the rush going through the vehicle , the change of pressure , smoke filling the cab .
He felt a burning sensation in the back of his legs , but he was n't in pain , and he could actually move his legs .
He felt lucky .
He was alive .
He got out of the vehicle , intending to help the others , and passed out .
When he regained consciousness , medics were working on him .
The blast had ripped out a chunk of his leg , including 6 to 8 inches of an artery , and he was bleeding out .
By the time they had stanched the flow , he had less than two pints of blood left .
The average person has 10 pints of blood .
Paupore was flown to Germany , where doctors fought to save his life .
He survived , but they could n't save his leg .
And he was in excruciating pain -- in the leg he no longer had .
Dr. Jack Tsao , a Navy neurologist with the Uniform Services University , was looking for ways to help soldiers like Paupore .
He remembered reading in graduate school a paper by Dr. V.S. Ramachandran that talked about an unusual treatment for amputees suffering " phantom limb pain , " using a simple $ 20 mirror .
The mirror tricks the brain into " seeing " the amputated leg , overriding mismatched nerve signals .
Here 's how it works :
The patient sits on a flat surface with his or her remaining leg straight out and then puts a 6 - foot mirror lengthwise facing the limb .
The patient moves the leg , flexing it , and watches the movement in the mirror .
The reflection creates the illusion of two legs moving together .
Paupore was one of the first to give it a try .
At first , he was skeptical .
When approached about joining a clinical trial at Walter Reed Army Medical Center to test Tsao 's theory , he declined .
But sometimes his phantom pains were coming five to six times an hour and lasting up to a minute .
" I was laying in bed and it just , all of a sudden , it felt like I was getting shocked , " he said .
" I called the nurse , ' cause I was like , ' What 's going on ? ' "
The nurse told him , " This is probably your phantom pain . "
Shock & Awe : Five Years Later CNN 's award - winning reporters are on the ground in Iraq .
Anderson Cooper brings you to the front lines as only CNN can .
Thursday , 11 p.m. ET see full schedule »
Tsao explains it this way : " It 's the sensation that the limb is still present , and phantom pain in particular is the sensation that the limb is experiencing pain of some form . "
That pain is intense , and often medication brings very little relief .
For Paupore , it was relentless .
" All of a sudden , it was like someone kept turning on and off the Taser , and my whole leg started twitching .
... I sat up , and I was holding on to my stump , and it just would n't stop .
At that time , I was hooked up to the Dilaudid [ a powerful narcotic ] , and I was pushing it .
But you can push all the medicine in the world , and it wo n't stop it . "
Paupore and 17 other amputees who joined Tsao 's mirror therapy trial were randomly assigned to one of three groups .
The first group used the mirror to look at their reflected image as they tried to move both legs .
The second group used a covered mirror and did the same .
And members of the third group were asked to visualize moving their amputated limbs .
After a month of treatment , all of the patients in the mirror group had significantly less phantom pain .
In the covered mirror group , only one patient experienced a decrease in pain , and for half of those patients , the pain worsened .
Sixty - seven percent of the patients visualizing their limbs got worse instead of better .
The pain decreased in almost 90 percent of the patients who then switched to mirror therapy .
It worked wonders for Paupore , 32 .
Within five months , he was off painkillers completely .
Tsao says the difference is like night and day .
" To see him walking , he 's able to drive his car ; he works downtown ; I mean , that is incredibly gratifying ! "
Phantom limb pain plagues as many as 95 percent of amputees , Tsao said .
He says even though phantom pain dates to Civil War days , no one knows what causes it .
The current thinking is that it has to do with how the brain interprets signals from the pain pathways that are left after amputation .
The neurons that control leg movement are still there , but in the absence of a limb , they are not sure what they 're supposed to do and begin firing randomly .
Proprioception , the body 's ability to sense the position of a limb , tells the body that the limb is still there , sending mismatched signals to the brain .
Health Library MayoClinic.com : Phantom pain
" The visual neurons are still intact , and they 're firing off , telling the brain one thing , " Tsao said .
" The propriaceptive neurons are firing off , telling the brain something else .
... My thinking is that there is some sort of center in the brain that coordinates these signals .
...
Somehow , this mismatched feedback is what 's generating the sensation that the limb is frozen or in pain . "
Since the conflicts in Afghanistan and Iraq began , more than 750 amputees have returned home from that area .
Walter Reed has treated more than 550 of them .
On any given day , between 100 and 125 amputees are there , working to rebuild their lives .
At Reed , mirror therapy is now offered routinely .
Tsao says this treatment has the potential to benefit amputees worldwide , and the best part is , no special training is required to do it .
He gives interested parties instructions over the phone or by e-mail .
And he 's already taken this therapy halfway around the world to Cambodia , a country Tsao says has a large and growing amputee population because of mines left over from its civil war .
E-mail to a friend
Saundra Young is a senior producer with CNN Medical News .
All About Walter Reed Health Care System • Iraq • Afghanistan
New York Times , September 5 , 2000 The Ultimate Laptop : A Black Hole By GEORGE JOHNSON
For all the corporate enthusiasm over the unveiling of each new generation of computer chip ( last month Intel announced that its Pentium 4 would be packed with 42 million transistors performing as many as 8.4 billion operations per second ) , consumers may be more apt to feel a sense of dread .
Once again the expensive desktop computers and laptops they were so proud of have become outmoded , destined to join the scrap piles of unsalable equipment accumulating in closets everywhere .
Moore 's law , which holds that computing power doubles approximately every 18 months , sometimes seems less a blessing than a curse .
But the law cannot hold forever , and Dr. Seth Lloyd , an associate professor of mechanical engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , offers hope that the end is in sight .
In a paper in the current issue of Nature , Dr. Lloyd describes the ultimate laptop -- a computer as powerful as the laws of physics will allow .
So energetic is this imaginary machine that using it would be like harnessing a thermonuclear reaction .
In the most extreme version of this computer supreme , so much computational circuitry would be packed into so small a space that the whole thing would collapse and form a tiny black hole , an object so dense that not even light can escape its gravity .
If that sounds like a rather dangerous device to hold on one 's lap -- " Opening the lid , " Dr. Lloyd warns , " voids the warranty " -- there is a serious purpose to his theoretical tour de force : to plumb the absolute limits nature sets on computation .
Nothing like Lloyd 's Ultimate Laptop is likely to roll off the assembly line at some future Apple or I.B.M .
But his effort , part of a relatively new discipline called the physics of information , gives computer engineers an ideal to aim for .
More importantly , this exercise in extreme computer science may help deepen the understanding of the connections between physics and information , and explore the notion , popular among some theorists , that the very processes of nature can be thought of as computations .
" Work like this exemplifies a fruitful new convergence of theoretical physics , computer science and mathematics , " said Gregory Chaitin , a researcher at the I.B.M .
Thomas J. Watson Research Center in Yorktown Heights , N.Y. , whose specialties include the mathematics of information .
" Interdisciplinary research of this kind would have been unthinkable a few years ago . "
Named for its inventor , Gordon Moore , a founder of Intel , Moore 's law has continued to hold true because of the dexterity with which engineers have been able to inscribe smaller and smaller circuitry onto silicon computer chips .
As the components of the circuits are squeezed closer together , they can exchange information at faster speeds .
" People have been predicting the demise of Moore 's law pretty much since it was posited in the early 60's because some manufacturing technology was about to run out , " Dr. Lloyd said .
" But Moore 's law is a law of human ingenuity rather than of nature .
Predictions of its demise have been wrong because people are ingenious . "
The vanishingly tiny components on a chip are like switches that can be in two positions , either on or off -- representing a bit of information , 1 or 0 .
Minuscule as they seem , each of these devices is typically made of about a billion atoms .
But laboratories are already experimenting with computers in which a bit is stored by a single atom that can spin clockwise for 1 or counterclockwise for 0 .
And who is to say that the grain could not someday be even finer with subatomic particles like quarks or gluons or even the hypothetical superstrings harnessed to encode and manipulate information ?
But ultimately the limits of nature must prevail .
" If we believe the laws of physics , " Dr. Lloyd said , " then the fundamental constants of nature should tell us where Moore 's law absolutely has to end , where we can't miniaturize any further . "
Dr. Lloyd approached the problem like a consumer in the market for a new laptop .
" If you 're going out to buy a computer , " he said , " you have two basic questions : how fast is it and how much memory space does it have ? "
Those are the ingredients of computing power .
He assumed that his laptop would have about the same dimensions as a contemporary one , weighing a kilogram , 2.2 pounds , and occupying one liter of space .
First he set out to determine how fast his ultimate laptop could compute .
The limiting factor is energy : the faster a computer runs , the more voracious its appetite .
So what would be the maximum possible energy available to a portable machine ?
One could speculate endlessly on the future of battery technology .
Seeking a more fundamental answer , Dr. Lloyd looked to Einstein 's special theory of relativity .
If every particle of the laptop 's kilogram of mass is converted into energy according to the equation E=mc2 , the answer is 8.9874 x 1016 joules -- or in more familiar terms , 25 million megawatt - hours , the amount of energy produced by all the world 's nuclear power plants in 72 hours .
" The machine would be cannibalizing its own mass to perform its operations , " Dr. Lloyd mused .
No engineer from Eveready or Duracell could ever squeeze more juice from a chunk of matter .
There would be obvious practical considerations to controlling ( and computing with ) what would amount to thermonuclear fusion .
( Dr. Lloyd speculated that the computer 's " circuitry " might consist of electrons and antimatter positrons , signaling each other with gamma rays . )
But the details are unimportant .
Ultimate computer science is not about what is probable but what is possible .
The rest can be left to the engineers .
The next step was to determine the maximum speed one can get from all that energy -- how rapidly the little switches can be flipped between 1 and 0 , carrying out their calculations .
Here Dr. Lloyd turned to quantum mechanics .
One of the quirky rules governing the behavior of subatomic particles is Heisenberg 's uncertainty principle , which , among other things , specifies a simple relationship between time and energy .
To compute switching speed , one multiplies pi by a number called Planck 's constant and divides by twice the available energy .
Applied to the ultimate laptop , the answer is 5.4258 x 1050 operations per second -- about 10,000 trillion trillion trillion times speedier than the Pentium 4 .
A computer that fast could never be obsolete -- not in this universe .
These limits would hold true no matter what kind of technological breakthroughs lie ahead .
" It does n't matter whether you 're computing with vacuum tubes or transistors or using quarks and gluons or something even more exotic like superstrings , " Dr. Lloyd said .
Relativity and quantum mechanics promise that is as fast as the ultimate laptop can be .
Nor does it matter how the computer is designed .
The energy can be used to power one extremely fast processor or many slower ones .
Either way , the maximum possible number of operations per second is the same .
Now that he had put an upper limit on speed , Dr. Lloyd wanted to see how big he could make the machine 's memory -- how many bits of information could be stored and manipulated at those blazing speeds .
Every atom or even every electron could be used to register a 1 or a 0 , depending on which way it was spinning .
But to store the maximum amount of information , the little processors would have to be free to assume as many different states as possible .
At intense energies , information might be encoded not just by the spin of a particle but also by the speed and direction in which it was moving inside the machine .
" In order to take full advantage of the memory space available , the ultimate laptop must turn all its matter into energy , " Dr. Lloyd said .
" A typical state of the ultimate laptop 's memory looks like a thermonuclear explosion or a little piece of the Big Bang !
Clearly ,
packaging issues alone make it unlikely that this limit can be obtained , even setting aside the difficulties of stability and control . "
An object like this , so packed with energy that its particles are as free as they can possibly be , is said to be in a state of maximum entropy .
Though more commonly thought of as a measure of disorder -- a vaporized laptop being less orderly than one at room temperature -- entropy is also intimately related to information .
The higher an object 's entropy , the greater the number of different states its particles can assume , and the greater the amount of information it can store .
For the ultimate laptop , the maximum entropy corresponds to an information capacity of about 2.13 x 1031 bits -- a billion trillion times more than today 's laptops .
Achieving so vast a memory might not be as unrealistic as it sounds .
In a kilogram of matter there are approximately 1025 atomic nuclei , each of which could store a bit without vaporizing the entire mass .
" One can get quite close to the ultimate physical limit of memory without having to resort to thermonuclear explosions , " Dr. Lloyd said .
Until this point , Dr. Lloyd had been constraining himself to a laptop with a volume of one liter .
If he could make it even smaller , he knew , he could pack the kilogram of particle - size components even tighter , speeding up the information flow and shortening the time it takes to do long , step - by - step calculations .
He would be sacrificing memory ( there would be less room to store information ) for speed .
So in the final act of his thought experiment , he programmed the ultimate laptop to solve a formidable problem ( cracking a secret code or something like that ) and imagined it shrinking and shrinking -- to the size of a wallet , then a credit card , then a postage stamp .
Smaller and smaller until its radius is a mere centimeter ( 10 - 2 meters ) , then a millionth of a meter ( 10 - 6 ) , then a billionth ( 10 - 9 ) .
When the laptop has shrunk to 10 - 27 meters ( a billionth the size of a proton ) , it crosses what is called the Schwarzschild radius :
So much mass is packed into so little space that the whole thing collapses , sucking itself into a tiny black hole .
Some people may be convinced that they already have a black hole laptop , imploding at the worst possible moments and irretrievably swallowing data .
Owning the real thing would surely be even worse .
According to some theories , however , information thrown down a black hole does not disappear , but is displayed on the hole 's surface .
Each pixel of this screen would occupy one square Planck length , 10 - 35 by 10 - 35 square meters , the smallest area conceivable by the laws of physics .
Some theorists , in fact , believe that the information about everything that falls into any black hole is projected in this manner -- that each one of these sinkholes is , in a sense , processing information .
Viewed this way , exercises like Dr. Lloyd 's could have implications for physics and cosmology .
" I would hope that the long - term consequence of this work is not building a black hole computer , which would be a dangerous thing to do , " Dr. Lloyd said , " but seeing whether we can understand how nature itself processes information . "
If particles trade bits of data as readily as they trade energy , then the universe itself is the ultimate computer .
And physics is a matter of deciphering its program .
Enlarge By Alex Brandon , AP Tears flow down the face of Marty Nesbit as Democratic presidential hopeful Barack Obama , the senator from Illinois , speaks in Philadelphia about race .
OBAMA SPEECH HIGHLIGHTS OBAMA SPEECH HIGHLIGHTS CLOSE-UP : BARACK OBAMA CLOSE-UP : BARACK OBAMA
In - depth : Latest Obama news , video , photos , timeline , more ... Barack Obama on the campaign issues : Iraq | Immigration | Health care | Education | Abortion | Gay civil rights CAMPAIGN ISSUES : 2008 CAMPAIGN ISSUES : 2008 Click on the titles to learn more about where the presidential candidates stand on the issues :
WAR IN IRAQ
The war in Iraq is the dominant issue in the 2008 race for the White House .
The early primary votes will be cast as the conflict completes its fifth year .
The next president will be the first to take the oath of office during an ongoing war since Richard Nixon in 1969 .
IMMIGRATION
Immigration is a highly divisive issue , as concerns about terrorism amplify the debate about border security .
Congress has failed to enact immigration legislation because of differences between supporters of tougher enforcement to limit illegal entry into the country and advocates of amnesty for illegal immigrants .
HEALTH CARE
Polls indicate that health care is one of the most important issues to voters heading into the 2008 presidential elections .
The rising cost of health insurance and the growing number of uninsured give the issue added urgency .
Several candidates have called for universal health care ; others have said these plans amount to socialized medicine .
EDUCATION
White House hopefuls are divided on the federal government 's role in education as Congress considers changes to President Bush 's signature schools law , the No Child Left Behind Act , and how to make college affordable .
ABORTION
In 1973 , the U.S. Supreme Court legalized abortion in the landmark case Roe v. Wade and the ruling has been the subject of heated political debate ever since .
Presidential candidates over the years have weighed in on a variety of abortion - related topics .
GAY CIVIL RIGHTS
The issue of civil rights for gay men and lesbians -- including the definition of marriage , service in the military and protection against hate crimes -- has long divided the two major political parties .
It 's not as simple as saying Democrats are for them , and Republicans are against them .
In a gamble , Obama takes aim at America 's ' racial stalemate ' PHILADELPHIA 
Facing the most serious controversy of his political career , Democratic presidential contender Barack Obama on Tuesday condemned inflammatory remarks by his pastor but argued they should be understood in a historical context of black anger .
He urged the nation to move past " a racial stalemate we 've been stuck in for years . "
The sweeping speech on race relations in America — delivered within view of Independence Hall , where the Constitution was drafted — showed the Illinois senator trying to reassure white voters whose support he needs in the Pennsylvania primary next month and a general election in November , without dismaying the black voters who overwhelmingly have embraced his candidacy .
IN HIS WORDS : Read the Obama speech ( pdf file ) VIDEO :
See the full speech ( via YouTube ) LIVE BLOG :
The speech as it unfolded
The result was not only the most extensive discussion of race to date by Obama , who generally has played down racial issues while seeking to become the first African - American nominated for the presidency by a major party .
Tuesday 's speech , historian Roger Wilkins says , was also the most extensive discussion of race ever by a presidential candidate .
The Illinois senator challenged voters to reject the racially tinged politics that have helped shape American politics for generations , bred " division and conflict and cynicism " — and distracted voters from common problems involving education , health care and jobs .
" At this moment , in this election , we can come together and say , ' Not this time , ' " Obama said .
In portraying such racial divisions as part of the old politics he has vowed to change , the speech laid down a marker that his campaign hopes will inoculate him from continued fallout over minister Jeremiah Wright 's words and other flare - ups over racially charged issues .
ON THE WEB : Obama speech on race gives the Internet a workout CONTROVERSY FROM THE PULPIT : A portrait of Obama 's retired pastor , Rev. Jeremiah Wright Obama also made intimate references to his own multicultural background , including his unease with racial comments made not only by his black minister but also by his beloved white grandmother .
The closest parallel in U.S. political history to Obama 's address is John Kennedy 's speech in 1960 in which Kennedy explained and defended his Catholic faith to a group of Baptist ministers in Houston , says David Domke , a communications professor at the University of Washington .
Obama " addressed race in America in a more sophisticated way than we 've ever seen any candidate do , " Domke says , and the dynamics of race make the consequences hard to predict .
" He bet his candidacy on the American public . "
The speech sparked a furious discussion on cable TV and radio talk shows and among some Internet bloggers about how it would affect Obama 's nomination battle with New York Sen .
Hillary Rodham Clinton and whether it represented a seminal moment in America 's long struggle with race .
Just hours after Obama 's speech and a few blocks away , at Philadelphia City Hall , Clinton said she welcomed the frank talk about race and gender .
Those issues have created " pitfalls and detours " as well as excitement in the presidential campaign , she said .
" We will be nominating the first African - American or the first woman , " the New York senator said .
" That is something all Americans can and should celebrate . "
She said she was glad Obama gave the speech but indicated it should n't be a critical factor for voters , reiterating her suggestion that her rival has n't backed up his powerful rhetoric with results .
" In the end , the test is not the speeches a president delivers , " she said .
" The test is whether the president delivers on the speeches . "
Obama decided to schedule the address after news accounts late last week detailing sermons by Wright fueled a public furor , overshadowing campaign efforts to focus on the fifth anniversary of the Iraq war and the country 's shuddering economy .
In videos that have been broadcast on newscasts and circulated on the Internet , Wright is seen denouncing the country as racist .
Soon after the Sept. 11 attacks , he said the United States had " supported state terrorism against the Palestinians and black South Africans , and now we are indignant because the stuff we have done overseas is now brought right back to our own front yards .
" America 's chickens are coming home to roost , " he declared .
Strategist David Axelrod says Obama wrote the 40 - minute speech himself , staying up until 2 a.m. Tuesday to finish it .
The setting underscored the seriousness of the moment .
In contrast to his usual high - decibel rallies in packed gymnasiums , he spoke in a formal auditorium , flanked by eight American flags , before a racially mixed , invitation - only audience of about 200 elected officials and community leaders .
K.T. Newton , an assistant U.S. attorney from suburban Bryn Mawr who was in the audience , called the speech " remarkable " and praised Obama for having " the courage to address these issues . "
There were skeptics , too .
" I do n't think it 's going to change anybody 's mind , " said Rich Galen , a Republican consultant in Washington .
" People who were for him before will say , ' Yes , that 's right , ' and people who were against him will say , ' That 's not right . ' " Galen said what he was " absolutely unmoved by was the notion of going from the abomination of slavery … to somehow using that to justify the un-American and vitriolic language of Jeremiah Wright . "
Listening in the pews
Wright retired last month after 36 years as pastor of Chicago 's Trinity United Church of Christ .
Obama joined the South Side church in the late 1980s while working as a community organizer .
The minister married Obama and his wife , Michelle , baptized their two daughters and inspired the title of Obama 's book , The Audacity of Hope .
Obama on Tuesday acknowledged that he had heard " controversial " remarks by Wright as he sat in church .
Last week , the senator had played down being aware of such comments , saying the statements highlighted in news reports " first came to my attention … at the beginning of my presidential campaign . "
In the speech , Obama called Wright 's words " not only wrong but divisive . "
They presented " a profoundly distorted view " of a country whose progress on race relations is evident in the success of his own campaign , he said .
" I will never forget that in no other country on Earth is my story even possible , " Obama said .
The son of a Kenyan exchange student and a Kansas transplant who met at the University of Hawaii , Obama drew on his mixed heritage to ask Americans on both sides of the nation 's racial divide to show more tolerance of each other 's anger and frustrations .
Obama asked white Americans to understand " the reality in which Rev. Wright and other African - Americans of his generation grew up , " when segregation was legal and opportunities for blacks painfully constrained .
He asked blacks to open their eyes to middle - class whites who " work hard all their lives , many times only to see their jobs shipped overseas or their pension dumped . "
Imagine whites ' reaction , Obama said , " when they hear that an African - American is getting an advantage in landing a good job or a spot in a good college because of an injustice that they themselves never committed . "
" Like the anger within the black community , these resentments are n't always expressed in polite company , " he said .
" But they have helped shape the political landscape for at least a generation . "
He said they helped Republicans cement support from white working - class " Reagan Democrats " in the South and industrial Midwest and allowed conservative talk - show hosts to " build entire careers . "
The senator said he could no more disown Wright , who guided him to Christianity and " has been like family to me , " than he could break with his white grandmother .
Though she " loves me as much as she loves anything in this world , " Obama said the 84 - year - old Hawaii resident " on more than one occasion has uttered racial or ethnic stereotypes that made me cringe " and once " confessed her fear of black men who passed by her on the street . "
Both she and Wright " are a part of me , and they are a part of America , this country I love , " Obama said .
Citing his grandmother was a smart thing to do , says Ruy Teixeira , author of America 's Forgotten Majority : Why the White Working Class Still Matters .
" It sounded authentic ( and ) it really makes you think , " he says .
" People can't condemn a family member or cast them into the wilderness because they said some extremely stupid things . "
" That 's going to appeal to white blue - collar voters in Pennsylvania , " agrees Jane Elmes - Crahall , a specialist in political rhetoric at Wilkes University in Wilkes - Barre , Pa .
" They have strong family values and believe you can't cut yourself off from your family .
They may embarrass you , but you do n't separate yourself from them . "
She says the view by many in the news media that the speech represents a defining cultural moment means Obama 's message is likely to be heard by the state 's white working - class voters .
" Will they sit in front of YouTube or CNN and listen to the whole thing ?
I do n't know , " she says .
" But they are going to hear parts of it over and over . "
Keys to the Keystone State Statewide polls show Clinton with a comfortable double - digit lead in Pennsylvania , where the demographics favor her .
She 's particularly strong among seniors , and the Keystone State is the nation 's fifth - oldest in median age .
Like Ohio , a state she won this month with support from blue - collar workers , Pennsylvania is struggling to recast its manufacturing economy for a post - industrial age .
African - Americans , Obama 's strongest voter group , make up just under 11 % of the population .
The state 's primary on April 22 is critical to Clinton 's hopes of narrowing Obama 's edge in pledged convention delegates .
Obama , meanwhile , has hit a rough patch with controversies over Wright 's comments and the corruption trial in Chicago of a supporter and fundraiser , developer Tony Rezko .
" This campaign was going in a really good way for Barack Obama but not in the last few weeks , " says Charlie Cook , editor and publisher of the non-partisan Cook Political Report .
Obama 's speech " is going to help him as he navigates through the racial minefield , " says Vesta Weaver , a professor at the University of Virginia who studies racial politics .
" But I do n't think that it puts a cork in everything that the Republicans are going to throw at him racially if he gets the nomination . "
Obama 's speech demonstrated how the political realities and strains of a prolonged campaign have changed his candidacy .
Race was not an issue that Obama often discussed directly in the campaign 's early days , and he has protested when he felt the Clinton campaign was inappropriately injecting race as an issue .
In an interview with USA TODAY on the day of the New Hampshire primary in January , he cited voter turnout and youth involvement as examples of his campaign 's historic nature .
Only when pressed did he acknowledge his own potentially precedent - shattering role as the first black presidential nominee .
African - American candidates historically have had difficulty winning in majority - white constituencies .
Only three African - Americans , including Obama , have won popular election to the Senate .
Only two have been elected governor .
And in presidential contests , race has been most prominent as a wedge issue .
In the 1968 campaign , Republican Richard Nixon devised a " Southern Strategy " that used racial code words to appeal to white Southern Democrats .
Some of Obama 's aides counseled against giving a speech that focused so directly on race .
" I know there were some who advised against making this speech , " says Rep. Artur Davis , an Alabama Democrat and Obama supporter .
Still , Davis predicts
Obama ultimately will benefit from seizing " an opportunity to have an honest dialogue about race in this country . "
Praise and skepticism
Among his audience , reaction was emotional and positive from blacks and whites .
Paula Peebles , a black businesswoman from North Philadelphia , a low - income neighborhood , nodded approvingly as he spoke .
" He reminds me of JFK because he talks about a new America for everyone , " she said .
However , Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter , an African - American who has endorsed Clinton and appeared with her at City Hall , was cool when asked for a reaction to Obama 's speech .
He said Wright 's comments were " something he has to address " but dismissed the notion that race would be an obstacle for Obama .
" Somehow I found a way to talk about the issues , " said Nutter , who defeated two white and two black opponents in last year 's Democratic primary .
Even so , he acknowledged that race remains a factor in politics — and one that could help Obama in this city , where 43 % of the population is black .
" I 'm not going to insult your intelligence and say some people might not have a tendency to gravitate towards a candidate who looks like them , " Nutter said .
He 's backing Clinton because he thinks she 's most prepared for the presidency and that , in the end , more voters will move toward her .
" I like making history as much as anyone else , " Nutter said .
" I also like to win . " Contributing : Jill Lawrence .
Kiely reported from Philadelphia ; Page from Washington , D.C. Enlarge By Emmanuel Dunand , AFP / Getty Images Democratic presidential hopeful Barack Obama , the senator from Illinois , delivers a speech on race at the National Constitution Center in Philadelphia on Tuesday .
Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
Home Why ?
The objective of this research was to develop a novel programming method that embraces logical framework technology at its core .
To achieve this goal we designed and implemented a functional programming language called Delphin that allows users to program with proofs , theorems , algorithms , etc. as if they were numbers , lists , trees , or arrays .
The representation is direct and elegant because common concepts such as environments , variables , and substitutions are implicitly provided and need not be explicitly handled by the programmer .
Delphin has the following features :
It utilizes the logical framework LF for representation , which supports higher - order abstract syntax ( HOAS ) and dependent types .
It provides a computation level to manipulate LF data .
It contains meta - level totality checks allowing the programmer to write proofs as the totality of a function entails that the input yields the output .
Acknowledgements
This material is based upon work supported by the National Science Foundation under Grant No. CCR - 0133502 .
Any opinions , findings and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) .
Delphin Page
The Delphin page contains publications , source code , manuals , and examples .
Dissertation ( including user manual for Delphin ) ( Amazon link )
Simply - Typed Examples
Dependently - Typed Examples
Advanced Example
Details and Source Code
Elphin Page Elphin is the direct predecessor to Delphin .
Elphin does not support dependent types and deals solely with issues of higher - order abstract syntax ( HOAS ) and is significantly different than the Delphin system .
It follows a more ad - hoc stack - based solution which did not extend well to dependent types .
Runnable Implementation of Elphin is available , including many examples .
( 2 ) : Delphin Details Elphin Details Subpages
A new video restoration technique could see dozens of classic episodes of series such as Doctor Who and Dad's Army restored to their original colour for the first time in more than 30 years .
Many television programmes made by the BBC and ITV in the late 1960s and early 70s , although some of the first to be made in colour , only exist in black and white today .
Among them are 13 episodes of Doctor Who starring Jon Pertwee , another 13 episodes of Steptoe and Son and the whole of Nigel Kneale 's seminal 60s drama , The Year of the Sex Olympics .
The original master tapes of many shows were erased during archive purges .
However , before wiping , many were copied on to black and white 16 mm film for broadcast in countries where colour television was not yet available .
Today , it is these black and white films that survive as the only visual records of some of these programmes .
Recolouring the world
The technique of colour recovery is set to extract the original colour from these films and reapply it , to once again generate a colour master tape for the show .
The technology is the brainchild of James Insell , who first realised the technique 's potential while with BBC Research at Kingswood Warren in Surrey .
Insell 's colour recovery process essentially relies upon a mistake made by the technicians making the original 16 mm film recordings back in the 1970s .
Telerecordings ( as they are known ) were created by shooting , on 16 mm film , a required programme that was showing on a high clarity television monitor .
However , there were several problems with the process .
Principal among these was the change of the frame rate - from the 50 frames per second of video to the 25 frames per second of film .
This can now be corrected by a technique called VIDFire .
However , there is a more relevant problem .
Any black and white telerecording of a colour programme is prone to pick up interference from the colour encoded video signal .
This manifests itself as a pattern of small grey dots , called chroma-dots , across the picture .
There was a way to stop this from happening , by using a special filter to cut out the electronic artefacts .
However , the interference was often deemed so minor that the technicians doing the transfers used no filter and so the resultant film prints often contain a burnt in pattern of these chromadots .
Insell suggested that it might be possible to decode the original colour signal of the show from these chromadots , since they contain an electronic remnant of the original video signal .
Since then , Insell has set up an independent group - outside the BBC - to put together a technology to extract this coded pattern within the black and white film and decode it .
" There are various provisos , " Insell says .
" The quality of the film has got to be good enough to have captured this pattern .
We 're really talking about working from the original negatives and having an HD scan made to get as much information as possible from the film . "
Insell also stresses that the process would only work on programmes that were originally recorded in colour .
The technique is not a colourisation process and does not apply new colour to old programmes , but instead unpicks the original colour from the film .
This separates the process from computer colourisation , a technique that has been used in America to add colour to feature films such as King Kong .
Insell says : " As far as computer colourisation 's concerned it 's very time - consuming and very expensive , and you need to either invent colour from scratch or use colour reference material to figure out what colours things were .
In the colour recovery process , what you get out are the original colours . "
As good as new
Struggling against the loss of the programmes ' original line structure ( a television picture would be composed of 625 lines of image , lost when transferred to film ) , significant advances have been made in recovery technology .
This has been principally through a working group set up by Insell and the process has now been successfully tested on parts of an episode of Top of the Pops , with the results deemed to be generally good .
Andrew Browne has been one of the computer programmers behind some of the project 's more recent moves forward .
" The idea that I had was based on an idea that James had , which was to have what he called a localised decoder , " he says .
" Basically , if you take successive frames from the film , the pattern [ of chroma - dots ] in the frames varies in a predictable way across the frame .
I worked out a way to use the relationships between the patterns in successive frames to infer what the original colours were . "
" The recovered colours leave a little bit to the imagination , but you can see that they 're pretty much there , " Insell says .
With the software to use colour recovery on a larger scale currently in development , both Insell and Browne are hopeful of a wider future for the technology .
" BBC Worldwide is obviously quite interested in releasing archive content , notably with Doctor Who and various programmes like that , " Insell says .
This is going to be a departure for me because I ’m not going to say a single negative word about the guy .
Rather , I ’m going to marvel about one thing he ’s done : he has amassed the most vocal and motivated supporters I think politics has seen in an incredibly long time .
Consider his fundraising capabilities .
In the 4th quarter of 2007 , he raised more than any other GOP candidate , totaling nearly $ 20 mil in raised funds , with who knows how much more with each “ money bomb ” that gets announced .
Then there ’s his book , which despite not coming out until April has landed in 3rd place on Amazon ’s top sellers .
That ’s up there in Harry Potter territory ( which is still on the list , somehow ) .
Despite all this , to say that Paul ’s achievements in the primaries has been underwhelming would be an understatement .
In Florida he got a paltry 3 % , far below even the “ undecided ” category .
With few exceptions , he sits in the 4th place area every time , boosted from 5th mainly by Thompson ’s dropping out and now I assume by Rudy ’s exit .
Put those two together .
He has , undoubtedly , fewer total supporters than any other candidate currently running in the GOP field aside from the non-entities of Tancredo and Duncan Hunter .
And yet those few supporters have become so motivated , so vocal , and care so much about politics and the fate of the nation that they will pour out , by the thousands , to donate more than the mere pocket change “ mainstream ” candidates receive from donors .
You never see people putting up a thousand John McCain fliers , none for Clinton or Obama .
Out here in Pittsburgh I regularly find massive amounts of Ron Paul literature taped to telephone poles , windows , or simply left out for people to pick up .
Paul ’s supporters chased Sean Hannity down .
I ’ve never seen anyone else ’s pull off a stunt like that .
Disagree with their politics if you want , Paul ’s supporters are far more than the casual observers who skim the morning paper and then vote based on how they come across in interviews .
Ask someone why they ’ll vote Hillary or Obama and it tends to be personality .
Ask a Ron Paul supporter why they ’d vote for him and you ’ll get a near encyclopedic litany of policies that they endorse .
You ’ll get responses about the economy , fixing the tax structure , Constitutional adherence , and a responsible foreign policy .
It ’s hard to avoid the question of why it is that people who focus on policy support folks like Paul and Kucinich , but those who go for personality go for the mainstream .
More so the question of why Paul ’s supporters are so much more vocal about it .
I could see Paul running independent , and getting the kind of support we saw for Nader in 2000 , or possibly even Perot in 1992 .
The protest vote , showing that those who reject “ mainstream ” candidates are no fringe group , not some radical ragtag bunch that can be shrugged off .
Imagine that , if the youth vote comes out , and most of it goes for Paul .
In fact , if a Paul / Kucinich or Kucinich / Paul ticket comes around as the third - party vote ( which is apparently not out of the question ) , then I ’d be hard pressed to convince myself not to pull that lever .
Paul ’s supporters talk about the “ revolution ” a lot , and I agree that there is one .
However , it ’s not Paul that ’s the revolution , it ’s his supporters themselves .
The thousands of people he has gotten to care so much about politics that they ’ll donate half their paychecks and spend hours a day handing out fliers , reading up on policy and economics rather than giving $ 10 and watching the highlights from a debate .
So to that effect , I tip my hat to Dr Ron Paul , but more than that to everyone that ’s banded together behind him .
Kudos to the lot of you .
I look forward to a day when you and I get to watch our candidates battle it out in the debates over policy points rather than sitting on the sidelines as two people talk about being “ for change ” and who ’s got a more presidential demeanor .
You may have heard that the brain is plas­tic .
As you well know .
the brain is not made of plastic …
Neuroplasticity , or brain plas­tic­i­ty , refers to the brain ’s abil­i­ty to CHANGE through­out life .
The human brain has the amaz­ing abil­i­ty to reor­ga­nize itself by form­ing new con­nec­tions between brain cells ( neu­rons ) .
In addi­tion to genet­ic fac­tors , the envi­ron­ment in which a per­son lives , as well as the actions of each per­son , play a sig­nif­i­cant role in plas­tic­i­ty .
Neu­ro­plas­tic­i­ty occurs in the brain …
1- At the begin­ning of life : when the imma­ture brain orga­nizes itself .
2- In case of brain injury : to com­pen­sate for lost func­tions or max­i­mize remain­ing func­tions .
3- Through adult­hood : when­ev­er some­thing new is learned and mem­o­rized
Plas­tic­i­ty , learn­ing and mem­o­ry
For a long time , it was believed that as we aged , the con­nec­tions in the brain became fixed , and then sim­ply fad­ed .
Research has shown that in fact the brain nev­er stops chang­ing through learn­ing .
Plas­tic­i­ty is the capac­i­ty of the brain to change with learn­ing .
Changes asso­ci­at­ed with learn­ing occur most­ly at the lev­el of con­nec­tions between neu­rons :
New con­nec­tions form and the inter­nal struc­ture of the exist­ing synaps­es change .
Did you know that when you become an expert in a spe­cif­ic domain , the areas in your brain that deal with this type of skill will grow ?
For instance , Lon­don taxi dri­vers have a larg­er hip­pocam­pus ( in the pos­te­ri­or region ) than Lon­don bus dri­vers .
Why is that ?
It is because this region of the hip­pocam­pus is spe­cial­ized in acquir­ing and using com­plex spa­tial infor­ma­tion in order to nav­i­gate effi­cient­ly .
Taxi dri­vers have to nav­i­gate around Lon­don where­as bus dri­vers fol­low a lim­it­ed set of routes .
Plas­tic­i­ty can also be observed in the brains of bilin­guals .
It looks like learn­ing a sec­ond lan­guage is pos­si­ble through func­tion­al changes in the brain : the left infe­ri­or pari­etal cor­tex is larg­er in bilin­gual brains than in mono­lin­gual brains .
Plas­tic changes also occur in musi­cians brains com­pared to non-musi­cians .
Gas­er and Schlaug com­pared pro­fes­sion­al musi­cians ( who prac­tice at least 1hour per day ) to ama­teur musi­cians and non-musi­cians .
They found that gray mat­ter ( cor­tex ) vol­ume was high­est in pro­fes­sion­al musi­cians , inter­me­di­ate in ama­teur musi­cians , and low­est in non-musi­cians in sev­er­al brain areas involved in play­ing music : motor regions , ante­ri­or supe­ri­or pari­etal areas and infe­ri­or tem­po­ral areas .
Final­ly , Dra­gan­s­ki and col­leagues recent­ly showed that exten­sive learn­ing of abstract infor­ma­tion can also trig­ger some plas­tic changes in the brain .
They imaged the brains of Ger­man med­ical stu­dents 3 months before their med­ical exam and right after the exam and com­pared them to brains of stu­dents who were not study­ing for exam at this time .
Med­ical stu­dents ’ brains showed learn­ing - induced changes in regions of the pari­etal cor­tex as well as in the pos­te­ri­or hip­pocam­pus .
These regions of the brains are known to be involved in mem­o­ry retrieval and learn­ing .
Plas­tic­i­ty and brain injury
A sur­pris­ing con­se­quence of neu­ro­plas­tic­i­ty is the fact that the brain activ­i­ty asso­ci­at­ed with a giv­en func­tion can actu­al­ly move to a dif­fer­ent loca­tion as a con­se­quence of expe­ri­ence or brain dam­age .
In his book “ The Brain That Changes Itself : Sto­ries of Per­son­al Tri­umph from the Fron­tiers of Brain Sci­ence , ” Nor­man Doidge describes numer­ous exam­ples of func­tion­al shifts .
In one of them , a sur­geon in his 50s suf­fers a stroke .
His left arm is par­a­lyzed .
Dur­ing his reha­bil­i­ta­tion , his good arm and hand are immo­bi­lized , and he is set to clean­ing tables .
The task is at first impos­si­ble .
Then slow­ly the bad arm remem­bers how too move .
He learns to write again , to play ten­nis again : the func­tions of the brain areas killed in the stroke have trans­ferred them­selves to healthy regions !
The brain com­pen­sates for dam­age by reor­ga­niz­ing and form­ing new con­nec­tions between intact neu­rons .
In order to recon­nect , the neu­rons need to be stim­u­lat­ed through activ­i­ty .
Final­ly , let me address a cou­ple of ques­tions we often get …
Can new neu­rons grow in my brain ?
Yes , and regard­less of how young or old you are .
Here ’s a good arti­cle .
Can you rec­om­mend a good book to learn more about neu­ro­plas­tic­i­ty and how to har­ness it for good ?
Indeed .
We pub­lished The Sharp­Brains Guide to Brain Fit­ness : How to Opti­mize Brain Health and Per­for­mance at Any Age pre­cise­ly to pro­vide a use­ful entry point into all this research and how to apply it .
And we ’re hap­py to report that it ’s get­ting rave reviews !
PR
携帯電話向け開発プラットフォームで注目を集めたのは，米グーグルが中心になって開発を進めるAndroidに関連した展示だった。2007年11月にグーグルがSDK（ソフトウエア開発キット）を公開して以来，しばらくは業界内で大きな動きが見えなかった。それが，MWC2008で表舞台に勢ぞろいした格好だ。
まず英ARM，NECエレクトロニクス，米クアルコム，米テキサス・インスツルメンツ（TI），米フリースケール・セミコンダクタ，米マーベル，ルネサス
テクノロジといった半導体ベンダーが自社のチップセット上で動作するAndroid試作機を展示していた。どのブースも黒山の人だかりで，来場者の関心の高さをうかがわせた。
中でも抜群の完成度を見せていたのが，ARMとTIの試作機である（写真1）。両社の端末ともグーグルが提供中のAndroidのSDKに搭載されたエミュレータそっくりの形。この上でWebブラウザやGoogle Mapsがスムーズに動いていた。
写 真1●米テキサス・インスツルメンツが展示したAndroid端末の試作機
動作速度以上に話題をさらったのがそのハードウエア・スペックだ。「グラフィック・アクセラレータなどは使わず，200MHzで動作する（前世代の）ARM9コアのマシンで稼働させている」（ARMの説明員）という。日本の携帯電話がマルチメディア処理の回路とARM11ベースのCPUコアを併用していることを考えれば，非常に低スペックなハードで動作することが分かる。ARMやTIのほか，マーベルが携帯電話の形状をしたARM11ベースのAndroidの試作機を展示していた。
この3社以外は，むき出しの評価ボードにソフトウエアを実装する形で展示していた（写真2）。これら評価ボードでAndroidを動作させるのはそれほど難しくないようだ。説明員によれば「展示会前の1週間で急きょ実装し，ぶっつけ本番で動作させた」（NECエレクトロニクス），「評価ボードの上に，SDKを組み込んでから2～3日で動くようになった」（フリースケール）という。こうした状態でも，あまりストレスなく動いていたのが印象的だった。
写真2●米フリースケール・セミコンダクタが展示したAndroidが動作する評価ボード
グーグルが提供するアプリ以外にも独自アプリをいくつか動作させていた。
i Phone用アプリ をAndroidに移植
出展数は多くなかった がAndroidを想定したソフトウエアもお目見えした。
米コンバースは，iPhoneが採用したことで注目が集まるボイスメール・アプリケーションをAndroidに移植し，デモを実現していた。ボイスメール・アプリケーションは留守番電話サービスで預かった音声メッセージをそのままファイルとして携帯電話に転送するもの。ユーザーはわざわざ留守番電話サービスに電話をかけて順番に録音を聞かなくても，ボイスメールのリストを確認可能である。音声を吹き込んだ人の名前や受信日時から，優先度の高いものを選んで再生したり，聞かずに削除したりできる。
写 真3●米コンバースの「 ボイスメール」
端末ではなくエミュレータ上でのデモとなった。
デモではまず，実際の携帯電話で留守番電話を録音。それがAndroidの端末に送られ，ボイスメールのメールボックスに入る。これをAndroidエミュレータで再生した（写真3）。
「 アプリケーションはグーグルが開発環境で提供しているものだけを使い，AndroidのJava VM上で動作するように開発した」（説明員）という。半導体各社が展示した試作機でも問題なく動作すると見られる。
このほか，フリースケールが同社の評価ボードで動くAndroidの上で，フォト・アルバムやスライドショーを実行させていた。ストレージ内の写真を順番に表示させるアプリケーションだ。
ただし，デモでは画面切り替え時にガタつくなど，完成度に若干問題があった。「Androidで将来グラフィック・アクセラレータがサポートされれば解決する」（説明員）という。
Android対抗 はLiMoに統合
Androidに対抗するLinuxプラットフォームの動きもMWC2008で顕在化してきた。MWC2008の初日となる2月11日，携帯電話向けLinuxを推進するLiMo Foundationにフランスの大手通信事業者オレンジと携帯電話ソフトウエア開発大手のACCESSが加入するという発表を行ったのだ。LiMo FoundationはNTTドコモ，英ボーダフォン，韓サムスン電子，モトローラ，NEC，パナソニック モバイルコミュニケーションズが共同で設立した団体である。
オレンジ とACCESSは共に，LiMoと競合関係にあるLiPSの主要メンバーだった。今回の主要2社の合流によって，事実上LiPSはLiMoに吸収される形になる。結果として，携帯電話向けのLinuxプラットフォームとしては，AndroidとLiMoに絞られた形になるわけだ。
ACCESSの鎌田富久副社長兼CTO は「 LiMoは携帯電話事業者のコア・ビジネスを支えるものであるのに対し，Androidは携帯電話事業者の外側からやってくるオープンな開発環境であり，当面は競合しない」という。その一方で，「携帯電話事業者のプラットフォームが外部のサービスを取り込む必要に迫られオープンになっていけば，いずれ競合することになる」（同）とした。今後この2陣営から目が離せなくなってきた。
PC向けチップベンダーが殴り込み
携帯電話用ハードウエアでは，パソコン向けのグラフィックス・チップベンダーの携帯電話業界への参入が目立った。両社とも成長にかげりが見えてきたパソコンに代わる次の成長市場として，携帯電話にターゲットに絞ったのだ。いずれもパソコンで培ったマルチメディア関連技術で勝負をかける。以前から携帯電話用チップを提供してきたベンダーとの間で今後，激しい競争が起きそうだ。
今回，チップを発表したのは米エヌビディアと米AMDである。両社とも携帯電話用のアプリケーション・プロセッサチップを発表した。
アプリケーション・プロセッサとは，モバイル端末用のアプリケーションを実行するチップのこと。携帯電話は，アプリケーション・プロセッサと通信処理を担うモデムの組み合わせで動作する。両社ともモデム部分は他の通信チップベンダーの製品と組み合わせる戦略を採る。
米エヌビディアが発表したの は「 APX 2500 」 と呼ぶチップ 。ARM11のマルチプロセッサ・コアに加え，2D/3Dのグラフィックス・アクセラレーション，音楽再生，720pのHD（高解像度）品質映像の再生/圧縮などの機能を持つ。
デモでは，コンテンツのタイトル画面や実行中のアプリケーションのウインドウが3次元で切り替わるランチャーのほか，720pの映像をHD対応の大画面テレビで表示していた（写真4）。2009年後半にAPX 2500搭載の携帯電話を市場に投入する見込みという。
写真4●米エヌビディアのアプリケーション・プロセッサ「APX2500」を搭載する試作端末
3次元表示のランチャーを使ってウインドウを切り替え，目的のウインドウをタップしてアプリケーションを起動させる。
AMD が発表したの は 「 Imageon A250 」 と呼ぶチップ。こちらもマルチメディアを強化したチップとなっている。具体的にはDVDクオリティの動画の録画/再生のほか，8メガ・ピクセルの静止画の撮影/再生，音楽再生，地図やフォント表示で威力を発揮するベクター・グラフィックスをハードウエアで処理する機能を持つ。デモでは，iPhoneに似たランチャーや立体地図がスムーズに動く様を見せていた。2008年後半から2009年にかけて搭載製品が登場する見込みだ。
Grace O'Toole : Another Wicked Models Employee Arrested in NYC
was reportedly the number two employee working for Wicked Models .
The 24 year old was in charge of the day to day operations of the business .
Accompanied by a lawyer , she turned herself in to police on Saturday and was charged with promoting prostitution , a Class D felony .
O'Toole is said to be engaged to Christopher Derose .
He is a U.S. Marine on his second tour of Iraq .
His mother speculates that he is not aware of his fiancee 's line of work .
She commented :
Whatever she did , that 's her business , but it 's like , whoa , never in my wildest dreams . "
Wicked Models reportedly serviced ex governor Eliot Spitzer .
Check out the photo gallery of hookers that worked for the high priced call girl operation .
O'Toole has the girl next door looks about her .
Her goal was to save $ 12,000 in 2008 according to her MySpace page .
She also reportedly wanted to have a career in horticulture and determined the only way to finance the education was working for Wicked Models .
The photo above was assumed to be Grace 's boyfriend .
We 've heard from one of our viewers that this is in fact someone named Jimmy .
Check out more photos after the jump .
Want a taste of the tropics ?
Forget the plane ticket .
Go to the grocery store and take your pick : acai sorbet , mangosteen iced tea , pomegranate granola , noni smoothies , yogurt - covered dried goji berries and more .
Fruits from faraway lands have been showing up in a growing number of products lately : bottled water , granola , powders , energy bars .
With labels that evoke jungles and beaches , most promise to fight cancer , boost immunity and extend your life span , among other benefits .
But will a mangosteen a day keep the doctor away any better than an apple can ?
And is it worth the extra price you ’ll pay to get ingredients that have crossed oceans to get to you ?
If you believe the companies that market these ingredients , the answer is a loud yes .
Advertisement
“ Innumerable people across the world , including health professionals , have reported astonishing and life - changing health improvements as a result of using Noni , ” claims the Hilo , Hawaii - based Healing Noni company , which markets juice from the fruit of Morinda citrifolia , an Asian shrub .
Or as the San Clemente - based , acai - focused Sambazon company puts it : “ Say hello to acai , the fruit that ’s making believers of world - class athletes and health - conscious people everywhere .
Grown in the Amazon rain forest , acai is truly a gift from Mother Nature . ”
Nutrition researchers and dietitians are n’t so sure .
So far , they say , there are no gold - standard - type studies to support the idea that exotic superfruits carry special health benefits .
Eating a variety of fresh , colorful produce , they add , does far more good than obsessing over whatever the superfruit of the moment happens to be .
And some worry that consumers are too quick to believe in whatever ’s new and different .
Advertisement
“ I hate that term ‘ superfruit , ’ like your [ fruit ] is somehow wearing the cape , ” says Jeffrey Blumberg , director of the U.S. Department of Agriculture ’s Antioxidants Research Laboratory at Tufts University in Boston .
“ There ’s no evidence that one type of fruit is better for you than any other variety .
They ’re all good . ”
A handful of complaints in recent years filed by consumer advocacy groups have targeted the vague and overstated claims made by the dietary supplement industry , some of which have sparked official grievances and lawsuits .
Pom Wonderful gained angry attention from the National Advertising Division of the Council of Better Business Bureaus in 2005 for advertising that its juice could reduce arterial plaques by as much as 30 % , a claim based on a small and limited pilot study .
Exotic superfruit products are the latest addition to the booming popularity of “ superfoods , ” a marketing category ( as opposed to a scientific one ) that includes antioxidant - rich foods and beverages , such as red wine , dark chocolate , tea and blueberries .
And for a growing number of Americans , the lure of the exotic is proving too tempting to resist .
In 2007 , sales of goji berry - enhanced products were up nearly 75 % from 2006 at natural - food supermarkets , according to SPINS , a natural - products market research firm based in Schaumburg , Ill .
Sales of acai ( pronounced ah - SIGH - ee ) products grew by more than 50 % at natural - food supermarkets .
Advertisement
And pomegranate - related sales rose more than 60 % -- perhaps no wonder , given the recent sharp growth in pomegranate offerings .
A startling 350 new pomegranate beverages were introduced in 2006 alone , according to a spokeswoman at the L.A. - based Pom Wonderful company .
( Numbers for 2007 are n’t yet available . )
Superfruit companies are funneling millions of dollars into research aimed at proving that yes , the secret to longevity is a refreshingly exotic sip away .
And the scientists they fund , based at major research institutions , are turning up evidence to support the health benefits of their power foods -- showing , for example , that mushed - up acai can pummel free radicals in test tubes , and that goji berry extracts slow the growth of human cancer cells in Petri dishes .
It is only a matter of time , the companies say , before Western science catches up to a long history of traditional medicinal use in remote rain forests and mountain villages .
It ’s about antioxidants
Advertisement
Most superfoods get their “ super ” label from antioxidants , molecules that fight free radicals .
These cell - damaging chemicals emerge from nearly everything our bodies do that involves oxygen , including digesting and breathing .
Our cells make some antioxidant defenses on their own , but plants make far more .
The theory is that eating antioxidant - rich plants gives us extra help in battling our own free radical demons .
There are many thousands of plant - based antioxidants , called phytochemicals , and these compounds appear in various combinations in different types of produce .
Blueberries , red wine and acai , for example , are high in anthocyanins .
Tea has lots of catechins .
Mangosteens are rich in xanthones .
Dark chocolate contains flavonoids .
Plenty of studies now show that eating a variety of fruits and vegetables can help reduce the risk of chronic disease and might even help us live longer .
So , companies that market superfruits often tout the high antioxidant concentrations of their star ingredients .
Their findings are sometimes at odds with each other .
Advertisement
In several studies published or presented at meetings , for example , Pom Wonderful ( which has poured $ 23 million into researching the ‘ Wonderful ’ variety of pomegranates that the company grows on orchards in Central California ’s San Joaquin Valley ) , found that its 100 % pomegranate juice had more antioxidant activity than more than a dozen other beverages , including blueberry , grape , acai and orange juices .
The next nearest competitor , red wine , had 17 % fewer polyphenol antioxidants and neutralized 54 fewer free radicals than the juice did .
However , the acai - focused Sambazon company claims on its website that acai has 50 % more antioxidants than pomegranates and 30 times as many antioxidants as red wine .
One reason for the confusion is that there ’s a lot of slop in tests for antioxidants .
Most of these tests involve grinding up a fruit , putting it in a test tube and seeing how many free radicals it disables .
One such test spits out something called an ORAC score .
According to recent USDA data , a small Red Delicious apple has 6,370 ORAC points .
Half a cup of blueberries ( 74 grams ) weighs in at 4,848 .
And a medium baked sweet potato has 2,411 .
Advertisement
But basing health claims on ORAC - like tests is misleading , Blumberg says .
For one thing , there is no official recommendation for how many ORAC “ points ” people need .
For another , these tests are notoriously touchy : Different labs conducting the same test can produce widely different numbers .
Results depend on which parts of the fruit you use .
( An apple ’s ORAC score will be higher with the peel than without it , for example ) .
Antioxidant levels can vary a lot in fruit , depending on how much water it contains , how it ’s been harvested and handled , and how much time has elapsed since it was picked .
And then , Blumberg says , “ There is no established relationship between ORAC values and any health outcome .
None . ”
The same , he says , goes for other ORAC - like tests that have different acronyms , and measure for different free radicals .
In any case , he says , watching what a pulverized fruit does in a test tube does n’t say anything about what will happen in the human body .
It is possible for one fruit to contain more antioxidant compounds than another , for example , but for antioxidants in the second fruit to be more easily absorbed by the gut .
‘ Complicated stuff ’
Advertisement
Besides quantity , companies often point out that certain phytochemicals are found in their fruits and nowhere else .
The implication is that these compounds are better than the phytochemicals in other fruits .
But that ’s a problem , too , says Will McClatchey , a botanist at the University of Hawaii in Manoa .
“ The industry is continually trying to make this out to be a very simple system , ” McClatchey says .
“ Having any one antioxidant is not the answer .
This is very complicated stuff . ”
Most exotic superfruits play important roles in traditional cultures .
Acai , for one , grows only on palm trees in the Brazilian Amazon , where people have long used it to treat fevers , swollen lymph glands and skin ulcers , says Jeremy Appleton , a naturopathic doctor in Portland , Ore. , who has written a book on the fruit .
Goji berries are used by healers in China and Tibet to treat inflammation and improve eyesight , circulation and sperm production .
And pomegranates , which originally come from Iran and India , were prescribed by ancient Greek doctors to treat gastrointestinal distress .
Advertisement
Life - saving foods ?
In his book , “ 101 Foods That Could Save Your Life , ” registered dietitian David Grotto cites a 2006 test - tube study in which University of Florida researchers found that antioxidants extracted from acai berries reduced growth and encouraged death of human leukemia cells .
Similar cancer cell studies , with similar findings , have been reported for extracts of other exotic fruits , such as goji berries and pomegranates .
In other studies , goji berry extracts have reduced blood glucose , total cholesterol and triglyceride levels ( all signs of heart health ) in rabbits , and eating the fruit improved insulin sensitivity in diabetic rats .
But even Grotto warns against reading too much into results from Petri dishes and animals .
And certainly , he says , “ The data are too early to say one fruit is superior over another . ”
Advertisement
Increasingly , purveyors of exotic superfruits are attempting to make the leap from lab dish to real life .
In a study funded by the Orem , Utah - based company Tahitian Noni International and conducted by researchers from the University of Illinois College of Medicine , 38 heavy smokers drank half a cup of the company ’s noni juice every day and 30 other smokers drank a placebo juice .
After one month , the researchers found lower levels of two types of free radicals in the blood of the noni-drinkers compared with those of the placebo juice - drinkers .
The study was presented at a meeting of the Society for Free Radical Research International in 2002 .
Members of the same research group published evidence last year in the journal Circulation that drinking noni juice leads to lower levels of total cholesterol and triglycerides in smokers ’ blood ; both are risk factors for heart disease .
The studies focused on smokers because smoking greatly increases the concentration of free radicals in the blood , giving the researchers something tangible to measure , says Brett West , director of research for the company .
Similar studies are now underway with nonsmokers .
Tahitian Noni - funded studies have also found a boost in endurance for both mice and treadmill - running athletes after regular consumption of noni juice , though some of that work has yet to be published , West says .
And some new work , he adds , suggests that the fruit can stimulate the immune system .
Advertisement
Published human studies sponsored by Pom Wonderful have linked the company ’s juice with a variety of health benefits , including increased blood flow , reduced markers of heart disease , clearer arteries , and maybe even reduced symptoms of erectile dysfunction .
Cancer is another target .
In a two - year study of 46 men who had been treated for prostate cancer , UCLA researchers found evidence that drinking one cup of pomegranate juice daily slowed the increase in levels of prostate - specific antigen .
Raised PSA levels are a risk factor for recurrence .
The study , published in 2006 , lacked a placebo group , so some experts have questioned its significance .
A larger , more controlled study is now underway , says Mark Dreher , a biochemist and chief scientist at Pom Wonderful .
Better studies needed
Despite such suggestive studies , many experts remain unconvinced of the clout of superfruits because the studies are mostly small , short - term , are n’t conducted on humans , lack adequate control groups , are funded by industry -- or all of the above .
Advertisement
They say they would like to see data from big population studies that follow people for decades and correlate what they eat with how healthy they are -- or even better , studies that objectively compare a large group of people that get the juice with a large group that does n’t .
For now , most independent experts say that exotic produce can add to the recommended variety of fruits and vegetables that most of us are lacking in our diets anyway , but only if you can handle the price -- and the taste .
Pomegranate juice is famously tart .
Goji berries have been compared to stale raisins .
And noni ( considered a weed throughout Hawaii , McClatchey says ) tickles the palate with notes of blue cheese .
“ If you ’re paying extra , and you do n’t like the stuff , save your money , ” says Dr. David L. Katz , director of the Yale Griffin Prevention Research Center in New Haven , Conn .
“ Buy orange juice instead . ”
Bush welcomed co-operation with Sunni Arabs
President Bush Overthrowing Saddam Hussein was " the right decision " , US President George W Bush said in a speech to mark the fifth anniversary of the invasion of Iraq .
He said the world was a better place because the US had acted .
Mr Bush spoke as anti-war protests were held in several US cities amid mounting opposition to the war and its costs .
Democratic Party presidential candidate Barack Obama said the decision to invade was made on ideological grounds , instead of " reason and facts " .
In his speech , Mr Bush dismissed what he called " exaggerated estimates " of the war 's price tag .
" The costs are necessary when we consider the cost of a strategic victory for our enemies in Iraq , " he said .
New allies
He said recent troop reinforcements had " opened the door to a major strategic victory in the broader war on terror " .
Mr Bush argued that fighting Islamic militants in Iraq helped to prevent attacks on targets in the US .
" The terrorists who murder the innocent in the streets of Baghdad want to murder the innocent in the streets of American cities , " he said .
READ THE FULL SPEECH
Global War on Terror [ 33KB ]
Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here " Defeating this enemy in Iraq will make it less likely we will face this enemy here at home . "
He also made the case that by working with Sunni Arabs from so - called Awakening Councils to defeat al - Qaeda , the US was successfully driving a wedge between militants and the Arab mainstream .
" In Iraq , " he said , " we are witnessing the first large - scale Arab uprising against Osama Bin Laden .
And the significance of this development cannot be overstated . "
He made no reference to the fruitless search for weapons of mass destruction in Iraq - a major justification for launching the war .
Cost controversy
As the president spoke , 32 people were arrested protesting in front of the Internal Revenue Service building in Washington .
Protesters against the Iraq war demonstrating in Washington DC give their views
In pictures
The protesters were trying to draw attention to taxpayers ' money funding the war .
" We wanted to put our bodies between the money and what that money goes to fund - the war , the occupation , the bombs , " said Frida Berrigan from the War Resisters League .
Anti-war protests have also been planned for other American cities including New York , Miami , Chicago , Los Angeles and San Francisco .
Estimates of what the war has cost vary considerably .
The non-partisan Congressional Budget Office estimates $ 600 bn ( £ 300 bn ) has been spent on the war so far , including this year 's appropriations .
Nobel - prize winning economist Joseph Stiglitz calculates that the war will cost $ 3 trillion ( £ 1.5 trillion ) once health care for veterans and future economic losses are considered .
Campaign issue
On the presidential election campaign trail , Democratic Party front - runner Barack Obama criticised the Bush administration 's motives for launching the war .
" There was a president for whom ideology over - rode pragmatism and there were too many politicians in Washington who spent too little time reading the intelligence reports and too much time reading public opinion , " he said in a speech in North Carolina .
Senator Obama voted against the invasion in 2002 Both he and his rival for the Democratic nomination , Hillary Clinton , have pledged to end the war .
On a campaign stop in Detroit , Michigan , Mrs Clinton repeated her promise to start withdrawing US troops from Iraq within 60 days of being elected president , saying it was time for Iraqis to take responsibility for their future .
" We have given them the precious gift of freedom and it is up to them to decide whether or not they will use it .
We can not win their civil war .
There is no military solution . "
Only the expected Republican Party nominee , John McCain , has continued to support the Bush administration policy in Iraq .
Meanwhile in Iraq , a female suicide bomber killed six people at a bus station in Balad Ruz in Diyala province , according to Iraqi police .
And near the northern city of Kirkuk , US troops shot dead three Iraqi policemen by mistake , an incident officials described as " a tragic accident , which was sincerely regretted " .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
This afternoon I had a ( very rare ) nap .
During that nap I had a lucid dream ( most of which I no longer remember ) .
As I was waking up , I was thinking about my dream and thought that it would be a great idea to write a list about dreams for the site .
So , here are the top 10 amazing facts about dreams .
10 Blind People Dream
People who become blind after birth can see images in their dreams .
People who are born blind do not see any images , but have dreams equally vivid involving their other senses of sound , smell , touch and emotion .
It is hard for a seeing person to imagine , but the body ’s need for sleep is so strong that it is able to handle virtually all physical situations to make it happen .
9 You Forget 90 % of your Dreams
Advertisement
Within 5 minutes of waking , half of your dream if forgotten .
Within 10 , 90 % is gone .
The famous poet , Samuel Taylor Coleridge , woke one morning having had a fantastic dream ( likely opium induced ) – he put pen to paper and began to describe his “ vision in a dream ” in what has become one of English ’s most famous poems : Kubla Khan .
Part way through ( 54 lines in fact ) he was interrupted by a “ Person from Porlock “ .
Coleridge returned to his poem but could not remember the rest of his dream .
The poem was never completed .
In Xanadu did Kubla Khan
A stately pleasure - dome decree :
Where Alph , the sacred river , ran
Through caverns measureless to man
Down to a sunless sea .
[…]
Curiously , Robert Louis Stevenson came up with the story of Doctor Jeckyll and Mr. Hyde whilst he was dreaming .
Wikipedia has more on that here .
Mary Shelley ’s Frankenstein was also the brainchild of a dream .
8 Everybody Dreams
Every human being dreams ( except in cases of extreme psychological disorder ) but men and women have different dreams and different physical reactions .
Men tend to dream more about other men , while women tend to dream equally about men and women .
In addition , both men and women experience sexually related physical reactions to their dreams regardless of whether the dream is sexual in nature ; males experience erections and females experience increased vaginal blood flow .
7 Dreams Prevent Psychosis
In a recent sleep study , students who were awakened at the beginning of each dream , but still allowed their 8 hours of sleep , all experienced difficulty in concentration , irritability , hallucinations , and signs of psychosis after only 3 days .
When finally allowed their REM sleep the student ’s brains made up for lost time by greatly increasing the percentage of sleep spent in the REM stage .
[ Source ]
6 We Only Dream of What We Know
Our dreams are frequently full of strangers who play out certain parts – did you know that your mind is not inventing those faces – they are real faces of real people that you have seen during your life but may not know or remember ?
The evil killer in your latest dream may be the guy who pumped petrol in to your Dad ’s car when you were just a little kid .
We have all seen hundreds of thousands of faces through our lives , so we have an endless supply of characters for our brain to utilize during our dreams .
5 Not Everyone Dreams in Color
A full 12 % of sighted people dream exclusively in black and white .
The remaining number dream in full color .
People also tend to have common themes in dreams , which are situations relating to school , being chased , running slowly / in place , sexual experiences , falling , arriving too late , a person now alive being dead , teeth falling out , flying , failing an examination , or a car accident .
It is unknown whether the impact of a dream relating to violence or death is more emotionally charged for a person who dreams in color than one who dreams in black and white .
[ Source ]
4 Dreams are not about what they are about
If you dream about some particular subject it is not often that the dream is about that .
Dreams speak in a deeply symbolic language .
The unconscious mind tries to compare your dream to something else , which is similar .
Its like writing a poem and saying that a group of ants were like machines that never stop .
But you would never compare something to itself , for example : “ That beautiful sunset was like a beautiful sunset ” .
So whatever symbol your dream picks on it is most unlikely to be a symbol for itself .
3 Quitters have more vivid dreams
People who have smoked cigarettes for a long time who stop , have reported much more vivid dreams than they would normally experience .
Additionally , according to the Journal of Abnormal Psychology : “ Among 293 smokers abstinent for between 1 and 4 weeks , 33 % reported having at least 1 dream about smoking .
In most dreams , subjects caught themselves smoking and felt strong negative emotions , such as panic and guilt .
Dreams about smoking were the result of tobacco withdrawal , as 97 % of subjects did not have them while smoking , and their occurrence was significantly related to the duration of abstinence .
They were rated as more vivid than the usual dreams and were as common as most major tobacco withdrawal symptoms . ”
[ Source ]
2 External Stimuli Invade our Dreams
This is called Dream Incorporation and it is the experience that most of us have had where a sound from reality is heard in our dream and incorporated in some way .
A similar ( though less external ) example would be when you are physically thirsty and your mind incorporates that feeling in to your dream .
My own experience of this includes repeatedly drinking a large glass of water in the dream which satisfies me , only to find the thirst returning shortly after – this thirst … drink … thirst … loop often recurs until I wake up and have a real drink .
The famous painting above ( Dream Caused by the Flight of a Bee around a Pomegranate a Second Before Awakening ) by Salvador Dali , depicts this concept .
1 You are paralyzed while you sleep
Believe it or not , your body is virtually paralyzed during your sleep – most likely to prevent your body from acting out aspects of your dreams .
According to the Wikipedia article on dreaming , “ Glands begin to secrete a hormone that helps induce sleep and neurons send signals to the spinal cord which cause the body to relax and later become essentially paralyzed . ”
+ Extra Facts
1 . When you are snoring , you are not dreaming .
2. Toddlers do not dream about themselves until around the age of 3 .
From the same age , children typically have many more nightmares than adults do until age 7 or 8 .
3 . If you are awakened out of REM ( Rapid Eye Movement ) sleep , you are more likely to remember your dream in a more vivid way than you would if you woke from a full night sleep .
Why you want macros ( even if you do n't know it yet )
This is a slightly edited transcript of a conversation with my friend Brian .
Let 's say you want to write your own " or " function .
Let 's say you 're not satisfied with C++'s || because you want the actual value that is true , not just the boolean " true " .
You want to be able to say :
QString x = y || " default " ;
QString x = my_or ( y , " default " ) ;
QString my_or ( const QString& a , const QString& b ) { return a.isEmpty ( ) ? b : a ; }
And to make things easy , let 's not worry about the goofy operator syntax .
You'd be happy with :
Now , you could write that , right ?
Let 's assume it only works on QStrings too , just to make things easy :
But what if b is a big ol ' calculation :
QString x = my_or( y , calculateDefault ( ) ) ;
calculateDefault ( )
y
You want to short - circuit , and only callifis false .
In C++ you 're screwed .
Ca n't do it .
Also screwed in Java , C# ( as far as I know ) , perl , ruby , etc .
You need macros , or something similar .
[ See below for what I learned about C# ]
Now , there are half measures that will let you squeak by in this very simple case .
You can in fact use C pre-processor macros .
Gross , but you can :
# define my_or( a , b ) ( ( a ) ? ( a ) : ( b ) )
a
Oops , I just evaluatedtwice .
In javascript ( or perl or ruby ) you can use closures :
function my_or ( fa , fb ) { var a = fa( ) ; return a ? a : fb ( ) ; }
var x = my_or ( function ( ) { return y ; } , function ( ) { return calculateDefault ( ) ; } ) ;
and then call it with this happy formulation :ew .
Now if the only reason you want a macro is for delayed evaluation ( which is all you need in this case ) , Scala gives you that one particular feature .
def my_or ( a : => String , b : => String ) = { if ( a ) a ; else b; }
=>
That tricky littletossed in there makes the argument " lazy " and gives us what we need in this case .
But of course there are other things that macros provide that the lazy argument feature does not .
Brian :
So you would argue that macros should be part of every modern computer language
oh .
Well ...
Hm , I 'd never thought of phrasing it that way .
Having macros makes a language much more flexible and powerful .
Brian :
Are macros in other languages like lisp implemented in a pre-processor fashion ?
Lisp macros can call any regular lisp function .
This a fundamental difference compared to , for example , C pre-proc macros which can't use anything except other pre-proc macros .
Usage of lisp macros are expanded before the result is evaluated , so it 's " pre " in that sense , but they can use other functions and macros and in that sense they 're very much mixed into the evaluation system .
It 's interesting to note that Clojure , for example , has no interpreter .
It compiles everything into Java bytecode on the fly before it runs it .
But it still has full - on lisp macros .
Brian :
It would be interesting to see what the Scala folks think about macros
Yeah , I whined about them quite a bit in the Scala IRC channel .
Somebody seemed to think someone was working on them .
* shrug *
Brian : Runtime macros in C# 3.0
Interesting .
So the two drawbacks of C# 's solution ( compared to Clojure ) are ( 1 ) special syntax for calling a " macro " and ( 2 ) expansion happens at runtime .
But it 's a bit better off than say JavaScript which can't do C++ tricks because it has no pre-processor , and can't do C# 's tricks because it does n't have access to parse trees .
Brian :
That 's what you really want -- some sort of access to the parse tree .
Right , access to the parse tree .
exactly .
For the record , Clojure 's built in or already does what we want , and is in fact implemented as a macro .
You can find the real version in Clojure 's boot.clj file .
That one 's already pretty simple , but here 's a slightly simplified version that handles just the two - argument examples above :
( defmacro my - or [ a b ] `( let [ av # ~a ] ( if av# av # ~ b ) ) )
On Friday , John McCain ’s campaign unveiled its first general - election TV ad — the one that uses the word “ American ” one too many times — and the Democratic National Committee did what was expected : it responded by criticizing John McCain .
It was n’t even an especially hard - hitting criticism .
The DNC statement quoted Howard Dean calling McCain “ another out of touch Bush Republican who promises four more years of the same failed leadership . ”
In light of the interrogation footage from Vietnam included in the ad , Dean added , “ While we honor McCain ’s military service , the fact is Americans want a real leader who offers real solutions , not a blatant opportunist who does n’t understand the economy and is promising to keep our troops in Iraq for 100 years . ”
This seemed pretty routine , which is why I found the Republican National Committee ’s overheated response rather odd .
Frank Donatelli , the deputy chairman of the Republican National Committee ( RNC ) , sought to drive a wedge between Dean and Sens. Barack Obama ( D - Ill . ) and Hillary Rodham Clinton ( D - N.Y. ) over the comments .
“ Howard Dean owes John McCain an immediate apology and both Senators Clinton and Obama should unequivocally denounce this disgraceful attack , ” said Donatelli .
The RNC added that Dean ’s remarks amounted to a “ character smear . ”
Really ?
The Republican National Committee , of all people , believes it ’s beyond the pale to call someone a “ blatant opportunist ” ?
Especially when the person is a “ blatant opportunist ” ?
The RNC may protest , but McCain is probably the most shameless “ blatant opportunist ” in American politics today .
Have Republicans even seen McCain ’s flip - flop list ?
Does it not occur to them that he abandoned his principles — including rejecting legislation that he ’s personally co-sponsored — for partisan gain ?
TORONTO - A Toronto - area man has been posting messages on the Internet supporting attacks against Canadian soldiers on Canadian soil , drawing the attention of RCMP national security investigators .
Police have advised the Bangladeshi - Canadian that he is under investigation for incitement and facilitating terrorism after he repeatedly called the killing of Canadian troops in Canada " legitimate " and " well deserved . "
No charges have been laid , but counterterrorism officers are apparently taking it seriously , and the case has set off a debate inside government over where to draw the line between free expression and incitement .
" The promotion of hate and violence has no place in Canadian society , and it is an offence under the Criminal Code , " Stockwell Day , the Minister of Public Safety , responded when shown a sample of the postings .
" Our government carefully balances the right to freedom of expression with our duty to protect Canadians from harm . "
Alarm bells about the online writings went off last September after German authorities arrested three Islamic militants accused of planning to bomb the Ramstein Air Base and Frankfurt International Airport .
That same day , Salman Hossain posted several messages about the plot on the comment board of a Toronto - based Internet site where he is a frequent contributor .
Although Mr. Hossain claimed in one of his communications with the National Post that he made the comments in a private online chat room , the messages can easily be viewed by anyone using a simple Google search .
" I hope the German brothers were gonna blow up US - German bases in their country .
We should do that here in Canada as well .
Kill as many western soldiers as well so that they think twice before entering foreign countries on behalf of their Jew masters , " he wrote .
" Any and all Western soldiers getting prepared to enter Muslim nations like Afghanistan or Iraq should be legitimate targets by any and all Islamic militants either in the attacked nations or in the western nations -- if there were any planned attacks against Canadian / American soldiers by ' Muslim militants ' in Canadian soil , I 'd support it , " he added .
" Canadian soldiers in Canadian soil who are training to go to Afghanistan or Iraq are legitimate targets to be killed .
Now it is POSSIBLE AND LEGITIMATE !! ... believe me , if we could have enough of our soldiers killed , then we'd be forced to withdrawn from Afghanistan . "
In addition , he singles out Jews , writing : " When do I get to shoot a few Jews down for attempting to blow up dozens of mosques in America right after 9 - 11 why f--- ing target the Americans when the Jews are better ? "
The author of the messages is a Mississauga university student in his mid-twenties who claims to know the infamous Khadr family and several of the men arrested in Toronto in June , 2006 , on terrorism conspiracy charges .
He confirmed to the National Post that he was the author of the postings but later declined to comment further on the advice of his lawyer .
While he writes that he approves of attacking Canadian troops , he also says he would not do so himself .
Despite being visited by the Canadian Security Intelligence Service and RCMP and told he was under investigation , Mr. Hossain has continued to post messages approving of attacks on Canadian troops .
Saying anti-war protests " will do sh$ $ , " he describes a " mass casualty " attack on the home - front as " a well considered option " and " the best way to compel western soldiers to get out of Afghanistan / Iraq . "
Such an attack " would be fantastic and would get the job done , " he writes .
" If someone gets the bright idea of committing such a wonderful act , it 's NOT my responsibility in any way , shape or form . "
He wrote , " I enjoy watching the blood flow from the western troops , " and during Defence Minister Peter MacKay 's Christmas week visit to Kandahar , he wrote : " I pray that the Taliban kill our Mackay motherf --- er . "
In other postings , he wishes " a merry 9 - 11 , and I wish y'all many more merry 9 - 11s " ; says " the Jews are literally the most treacherous nation on the face of the Earth " ; says " I hate the Jews " ; and claims " the filthy Jews carried out 9 - 11 . "
He rails at police , saying " you ca n't charge me for possessing a thought " and writes that he " honestly got a kick outta pissing off the RCMP HAHAHA i was laughing my ass off for provoking the RCMP . "
The case comes as Canadian security agencies are struggling to deal with extremism among a minority of Muslim Canadians , particularly youths .
Intelligence analysts believe much of this radicalization is occurring on the Internet .
" So what we are in the presence of is a ranter , informed by the usual conspiratorial views that are unfortunately part and parcel of extremist Islamist thought -- especially the core anti-Semitic notion of a giant Jewish conspiracy , " said Professor Wesley Wark , a Canadian security expert .
But he said while the language is violent and crude , it is probably harmless venting .
" On the other hand , there is always a worry that such speech could tip over into action by this person or others of like mind . "
The RCMP would not comment on the probe , saying sensitive matters of national security were involved , but spokeswoman Corporal Cathy McCrory said the government was " committed to ensuring the safety and security of citizens and we will not tolerate those that seek to harm Canadians . "
Canada 's Anti-Terrorism Act ( ATA ) does not specifically outlaw incitement of terrorism , although such a measure has been discussed by MPs .
Prof.
Work , visiting research professor at the University of Ottawa School of Public and International Affair , said a debate on the topic is needed .
" It 's high time we had a proper public airing of the pros and cons of further reforms to the ATA , including an incitement clause , and a public airing of the nature of legal powers needed to ensure prompt and effective monitoring of potentially harmful Internet traffic . "
A few days after Mr. Hossain wrote that " we should do " a Ramstein - type plot in Canada , the RCMP contacted him .
He spoke to them on Sept. 18 at his lawyer 's office .
WASHINGTON , Jan 16 : The American government has hired a private firm for monitoring US - funded projects in Pakistan , particularly in the tribal areas .
The United States is giving $ 750 million to Pakistan to help develop its remote tribal region .
The US Agency for International Development is responsible for the disbursement of this fund .
The agency has now signed a $ 43 million contract with a private company — Development Alternatives , Incorporated — for monitoring US - funded projects .
The company will help the Pakistani government and non-governmental organisations plan , implement and monitor a wide range of development programmes .
The US government was forced to hire a monitoring agency for its projects in Pakistan following widespread complaints that the funds given to Pakistan were not used for the projects they were meant for .
Key US congressional panels have also backed these complaints .
A USAID statement said $ 750 million set aside for the tribal areas will be allocated over five years .
The projects include efforts to strengthen livelihoods , expand economic opportunities and improve education and healthcare .
I had hoped to have time to give you a good analysis of both Clinton and Giuliani 's plans , but I 'm just swamped .
So , I wanted to give you a crack at HRC's , then next week we 'll talk about Rudy 's ; it 's long , and it 's under the fold .
Enjoy .
Thanks to David Roberts over at Grist for picking up Hillary Clinton 's new climate and energy plan , which was just introduced in the last couple of days , and can be found copied under the fold and in PDF format here .
( Thanks silence ! )
Powering America 's Future : Hillary Clinton 's Plan to Address the Energy and Climate Crisis
Hillary understands that we face two immense energy and environmental challenges : a growing climate crisis , and an increasing reliance on foreign oil that is driving up energy costs for Americans .
She also knows that Americans have always demonstrated the will and the ingenuity to confront the problems of their times , from the New Deal , to the Cold War , to the Space Race .
Today , global warming and dependence on foreign oil are two of the biggest challenges of our time , and as President , Hillary will set three big goals to meet them :
* Reduce greenhouse gas emissions 80 % from 1990 levels by 2050 -- the level necessary to avoid the worst impacts of global warming .
* Cut foreign oil imports by two - thirds from projected levels by 2030 .
* Transform our carbon - based economy into an efficient green economy , creating at least 5 million jobs from clean energy over the next decade .
Hillary Clinton 's plan to promote energy independence , address global warming , and transform our economy includes :
* A new cap - and - trade program that auctions 100 % of permits alongside investments to move us on the path towards energy independence ;
* An aggressive , comprehensive energy efficiency agenda to reduce electricity consumption 20 % from projected levels by 2020 by changing the way utilities do business , catalyzing a green building industry , enacting strict appliance efficiency standards , and phasing out incandescent light bulbs ;
* A $ 50 billion Strategic Energy Fund , paid for in part by oil companies , to fund investments in alternative energy .
The SEF will finance one - third of the $ 150 billon ten - year investment in a new energy future contained in this plan ;
* Doubling of federal investment in basic energy research , including funding for an ARPA -E , a new research agency modeled on the successful Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency
* Aggressive action to transition our economy toward renewable energy sources , with renewables generating 25 % of electricity by 2030 and with 60 billion gallons of home - grown biofuels available for cars and trucks by 2030 ;
* 10 " Smart Grid City " partnerships to prove the advanced capabilities of smart grid and other advanced demand - reduction technologies , as well as new investment in plug - in hybrid vehicle technologies ;
* An increase in fuel efficiency standards to 55 miles per gallon by 2030 , and $ 20 billion of " Green Vehicle Bonds " to help U.S. automakers retool their plants to meet the standards ;
* A plan to catalyze a thriving green building industry by investing in green collar jobs and helping to modernize and retrofit 20 million low - income homes to make them more energy efficient ;
* A new " Connie Mae " program to make it easier for low and middle - income Americans to buy green homes and invest in green home improvements ;
* A requirement that all publicly traded companies report financial risks due to climate change in annual reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ; and
* Creation of a " National Energy Council " within the White House to ensure implementation of the plan across the Executive Branch .
The Challenge
Our reliance on foreign oil raises prices for families , contributes to the climate crisis , and leaves us more vulnerable to unstable regimes : Since 2001 , gasoline prices have increased 105 % , and energy costs are now consuming nearly one - fifth of after - tax income for the majority of low and middle - income families -- double the percentage of 10 years ago .
And today , with oil prices at all - time highs near $ 100 a barrel , foreign oil now accounts for 60 % of the almost 21 million barrels of crude oil that we consume each day .
In order to meet this demand , we send $ 20 billion each year to the Middle East .
Our investment has filled the coffers of corrupt regimes in developing countries , many of whom do not share our interests .
In the next twenty years , if American oil dependence continues to grow as rapidly as it has in recent years , we will send more than $ 5 trillion out of the United States economy .
Our planet is warming , with potentially cataclysmic results :
The scientific community has established beyond doubt that global warming is occurring ; the 20th century 's last two decades were the hottest in 400 years .
The IPCC has further predicted that the average temperature will rise by three to nine degrees by the end of the century , and as a result sea levels will rise between 7 and 23 inches , dramatically affecting the one hundred million people who live within 3 feet of the mean sea level .
Security experts believe that these impacts will pose a serious national security threat by increasing instability in some of the world 's most volatile regions .
The Costs of Inaction are Rising : The failure to address the climate crisis will put the United States economy in jeopardy .
A recent University of Maryland study of the economic costs of continued climate change in the United States documented hundreds of billions of dollars of increased costs in all regions of the country due to the heightened risk of forest fires in the West and Northwest ; increased frequency and severity of flooding and drought events in the Great Plains and Midwest ; and more frequent and intense heat waves like the 1995 Chicago heat wave , which resulted in 600 deaths .
A recent U.N. report on the state of the global environment suggests that the costs of inaction in the face of climate change and other global environmental problems exceeds the cost of acting to reduce pollution .
Hillary Clinton 's Plan : Turning the Challenges of Energy Dependence and Global Warming into an Economic Opportunity
Meeting the challenge of reducing our nation 's energy dependence and staving off the threat of global climate change will require the leadership of the President and the cooperation of the private sector and all Americans :
* Our government has a responsibility to provide a framework , incentives and investments to move us on the path towards energy independence ; lead again in the international arena ; and reform its organizational structure to address this new energy challenge .
* Oil companies must help develop a thriving alternative energy industry in America by investing more in alternative energy or by funding such investments through a windfall profits fee .
* Utilities have a responsibility to fundamentally reshape how they do business ; transitioning from outdated systems that reward excess energy production to market - based approaches that reward efficiency , distributed generation , and conservation .
* Auto companies need to improve fuel efficiency in their cars and trucks .
* Businesses large and small should strive to make their operations and products more energy efficient , which will help them save money and be more competitive .
* Individuals have a responsibility to lower their own energy consumption and hold their leaders accountable for reducing greenhouse gas emissions .
GOVERNMENT'S ROLE :
Setting the Rules of the Road , And Leading the Way by Reforming Itself to Meet New Energy Challenges
Reducing Global Warming Pollution 80 % by 2050 , Protecting Consumers , and Supporting Clean Energy --
A fundamental cornerstone of Hillary 's plan is reducing greenhouse gas emissions to 1990 levels by 2020 and to 80 % below 1990 levels by 2050 -- the level necessary to avoid the most dire consequences of global warming .
Hillary will achieve this aggressive reduction by maximizing our energy efficiency ; creating market mechanisms to efficiently reduce greenhouse gas emissions ; and promoting renewable , carbon - free energy sources .
Creating a Market - Based Cap and Trade Program , and Auctioning 100 % of Greenhouse Gas Permits -- Hillary will establish a market - based " cap and trade " system to provide an overall framework for reducing greenhouse gas emissions .
The system would auction 100 % of allowances to ensure that utilities and other companies do not obtain a windfall .
The system would also provide flexibility for companies to bank , borrow and trade allowances .
The proceeds from the sale of allowances would be used to provide tax benefits for working and middle - class families and energy intensive industries , as well as incentives for energy efficiency and renewable technologies .
The cap and trade approach was used successfully to limit sulfur dioxide and reduce levels of acid rain in 1990s to reduce annual sulfur dioxide emissions by 7 million tons below 1980 levels .
Restoring Federal Leadership In Energy Efficiency --
The federal government is the country 's largest energy consumer .
About half of the energy used by the federal government goes to heat , cool and power the more than 500,000 federal buildings around the country , costing taxpayers $ 5.6 billion per year .
Hillary would restore federal energy leadership by :
* Making all new federal buildings designed after January 20 , 2009 carbon neutral ;
* Requiring the Department of Housing and Urban Development and other agencies to bring energy efficiency standards for public housing up to date with leading private sector standards ;
* Strengthening national model building codes , while providing funding to help states and localities update their codes to meet the national standards ;
* Making energy efficiency a core mission of the General Services Administration , and directing GSA to lead a government - wide " energy audit " and install cost - effective retrofits in all federal buildings within 5 years ; directing GSA to work more closely with the Federal Energy Management Program ( FEMP ) within DOE to install cutting - edge energy efficiency technology from both the national labs and private companies in federal buildings ; and
* Requiring that all federally built housing in New Orleans and the Gulf Coast be built to tough energy efficiency standards .
Adapting to Climate Change : Hillary has an aggressive plan to address global warming , but she also recognizes that global warming is already occurring , and that we need to begin to prepare for global warming impacts that are on the horizon .
She would direct federal agencies to work with state and local governments to begin planning and preparing for impacts on coastal areas from more intense storms and changes in sea level ; for impacts on water supply from increased droughts and reduced snowpack ; and for impacts on wildlife and other natural resources from climate - induced changes .
UTILITIES ' ROLE :
Maximizing Efficiency , Ramping Up Use of Renewables , and Modernizing the Grid
Utilities have a key role to play in helping to bring about a clean energy future .
Hillary would set tough goals and provide utilities with the tools they need to meet them .
Reducing Electricity Demand 20 % From Projected Levels by 2020 : Since 1970 , energy efficiency has met three - fourths of all new demand for energy services .
California has pursued efficiency as an energy resource for decades , with the result that energy use per capita or per unit of economic output is about 30 % lower in California than in the nation as a whole .
Yet enormous energy efficiency potential remains .
A 2000 Department of Energy report found that energy - efficiency policies and programs could cost - effectively reduce U.S. energy use in residential buildings by 20 % by 2020 .
To spur greater investment in efficiency , Hillary would put policies in place to reduce electricity demand 20 percent from projected levels by 2020 , and to flatten demand for natural gas .
Achieving these efficiency goals would save consumers a total of more than $ 272 billion dollars , reduce carbon dioxide emissions by more than 7.5 billion tons through 2030 , and create millions of jobs .
Changing the Way Utilities Do Business :
The current model for electric and natural gas utilities puts customers and utilities at odds on efficiency investments .
Consumers benefit by spending less on electricity , while utilities actually lose money from every electron or cubic foot of gas saved through energy efficiency .
As a result , utilities lack incentives to implement programs that would reduce demand , even if those efficiency programs are more cost - effective than building new power plants .
Breaking this model would enable consumers and utilities to share in the benefits of efficiency , and when combined with a requirement that utilities take steps to reduce demand , would unleash tens of billions of dollars of investments in energy efficiency technology .
To put this process in motion , Hillary would set binding energy efficiency targets for utilities at the national level .
She would then encourage states to establish rate rules for utilities that both decouple electricity sales from utility profits and enable utilities to profit from investments in energy efficiency .
Modernizing the Grid for the 21st Century Using " Smart Grid " Technology :
Our electricity grid is antiquated , resulting in costly blackouts , the overbuilding of generation capacity , and large losses in energy during transmission .
We need to move aggressively toward a smart grid -- a web - enabled , digitally controlled , intelligent power delivery system that efficiently distributes electricity and protects against blackouts , brown - outs and excess energy use .
With smarter two - way communications , utilities and consumers can get more control over consumption and save money .
A recent study found that using demand reduction programs , which would be greatly facilitated by an interactive smart grid , can reduce " peak demand " by 5 percent and save $ 35 billion in energy costs over a 10 - year period .
Other potential " smart grid " benefits include : more efficient power plants ; smaller transmission infrastructure needs ; more control and better incentives for consumers to save energy ; net metering for solar and other distributed renewables ; and the ability for consumers to sell power back into the grid .
Hillary would realize the potential of the smart grid by :
* Funding 10 " Smart Grid Cities . "
These public - private partnerships between states , cities , utilities , automakers and battery makers will deploy smart grid technology and plug - in hybrid vehicles on a large scale , as well as encourage other technological options to discourage consumption during peak cost periods like time of use meters and pricing , real time demand response , visual price meters , and " prepaid " service models .
The projects will enable testing and refinement of advanced capabilities , such as the ability of plug - in hybrid vehicles to communicate with the smart grid to sell power back to utilities when utilities most need the power .
Some experts believe that providing such " vehicle to grid " power at times when the utilities need it most could be worth $ 2,000 - 4,000 dollars per vehicle per year , slashing the cost of owning a plug - in hybrid ;
* Establishing interoperability standards to enable smart grid systems to be integrated seamlessly ;
* Requiring state utility commissions to consider incentives to deploy smart grid technology ;
* Providing tax incentives , such as accelerated depreciation , to utilities that install smart grid technology ; and
* Directing the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to identify areas where transmission investments are most needed in order to meet a goal of 25 % renewable electricity by 2025 .
Producing 25 Percent of Electricity from Wind , Solar , Biomass , Geothermal and Other Renewable Sources by 2025 : Wind , solar and other non -hydro renewables accounted for only 2.3 percent of electricity generation in 2005 .
Hydropower added another 6.6 percent .
However , a recent study using Department of Energy models found that getting to 20 % renewable electricity by 2020 would save consumers $ 10.5 billion , reduce carbon dioxide emissions by 223 million metric tons per year , spur $ 66.7 billion in new capital investment and increase income to farmers , ranchers and rural landowners by $ 25.6 billion .
Hillary would establish a national target of producing 25 % of our electricity from renewable sources by 2025 .
In addition to setting this target , Hillary would :
* Encourage investment in wind , solar and other renewable energy production by making permanent the 1.9 cent per kilowatt - hour tax credit for producing electricity from renewable sources ;
* Provide tax incentives for families and businesses to install small - scale renewable energy such as rooftop solar panels ; and
* Establish national " net metering " standards to ensure that families and businesses who install solar panels or other renewable energy resources can sell power back to the grid on fair terms .
Addressing Nuclear Power : Hillary believes that energy efficiency and renewables are better options for addressing global warming and meeting our future power needs , because of significant unresolved concerns about the cost of producing nuclear power , the safety of operating plants , waste disposal , and nuclear proliferation .
Hillary opposes new subsidies for nuclear power , but believes that we need to take additional steps to deal with the problems facing nuclear power .
She would strengthen the Nuclear Regulatory Commission and direct it to improve safety and security at nuclear power plants ; terminate work at the flawed Yucca Mountain site and convene a panel of scientific experts to explore alternatives for disposing of nuclear waste ; and continue research , with a focus on lower costs and improving safety .
Phasing Out Incandescent Bulbs : Compact fluorescent light bulbs use 75 % less energy than traditional light bulbs and can last as much as 10 times longer .
Hillary will phase out traditional light bulbs , beginning with 40 - watt bulbs in 2012 .
By 2020 , all light bulbs would be 300 % more efficient , cutting the national electric bill by more than $ 10 billion .
Hillary will also help to jumpstart the market for advanced " LED " lighting technology by requiring that it be used in federal parking lots .
OIL AND ENERGY INDUSTRY'S ROLE :
Investing in Alternative Energy and Supporting Biofuels
Creating a $ 50 Billion Strategic Energy Fund and Demand that Oil Companies Invest in Clean Energy --
In 2005 , Exxon Mobil 's CEO told Congress that his company 's investment in alternative energy technologies over the prior decade was " negligible . "
Hillary believes it is time for oil companies to do their share in funding clean energy technologies .
She would give oil companies a choice : invest more in renewable energy technology or pay into a Strategic Energy Fund .
The Strategic Energy Fund would also eliminate oil company tax breaks and make sure that oil companies pay their fair share in royalties when drilling on public lands .
This fund would jumpstart a clean energy future by injecting $ 50 billion over ten years into research , development and deployment of renewable energy , energy efficiency , clean coal technology , ethanol and other homegrown biofuels .
Increasing production of biofuels to 60 billion gallons by 2030 : Home - grown biofuels can reduce our dependence on foreign oil and cut greenhouse gas emissions .
Rapid growth of corn ethanol production capacity in recent years and emerging technology that will enable production of ethanol and other biofuels from a range of biomass sources indicate the potential of biofuels to displace a significant amount of gasoline .
To spur increased production of ethanol and other renewable fuels , Hillary would raise the national renewable fuels goal from the current level of
7.5 billion gallons by 2012 to 36 billion gallons per year by 2022 and to 60 billion gallons by 2030 .
" Advanced biofuels , " such as cellulosic ethanol , would comprise an increasing share of that target over time .
Hillary will set a greenhouse gas emissions target for cellulosic and other advanced biofuels to ensure that they move over time towards a standard of emitting at least 80 % less greenhouse gas as compared to gasoline .
In addition , she would provide loan guarantees to spur the first two billion gallons of cellulosic ethanol capacity .
AUTO INDUSTRY'S ROLE :
New Technologies to Help Cut Oil Imports 66 % by 2030
Transportation accounts for nearly 70 % of U.S. oil consumption .
Hillary 's plan to cut oil imports by two - thirds -- or more than 10 million barrels per day -- by 2030 centers on setting tough new fuel efficiency standards for cars and trucks and providing retooling assistance to the automakers to help them meet these standards .
Her plan also reduces oil demand by increasing biofuels production and improving the efficiency of industrial oil use .
Increasing Vehicle Fuel Economy Standards to 55 Miles Per Gallon : Hillary would raise fleet - wide fuel economy standards from the current level of 25 miles per gallon ( mpg ) to 40 mpg in 2020 and 55 mpg in 2030 .
By 2030 , these tough CAFE standards will save consumers more than $ 180 billion per year and reduce carbon dioxide emissions by more than 730 million metric tons .
In addition , Hillary would reform the fuel economy system while ensuring that it encourages the continued production of small cars here in the United States .
Cars and light trucks account for about 40 percent of the 21 million barrels of oil consumed every day in the United States .
Yet the average fuel economy of American cars has stagnated for the last 15 years .
And as our country and economy have grown , flat fuel economy has meant increasing dependence on foreign oil , and an untenable foreign trade situation in which the United States transfers funds that are borrowed from China to Saudi Arabia .
Helping Automakers
Meet the Energy Challenge : Domestic automakers face serious competitive challenges due to higher labor costs , older equipment , and higher health care costs than their competition .
But they are demonstrating the vision to meet our future energy needs by proposing to build plug - in hybrid vehicles that can run on electricity and flex - fuel vehicles that can run on ethanol .
Hillary would authorize $ 20 billion in low - interest " Green Vehicle Bonds " in order to provide immediate help to retool the oldest auto plants to meet her strong efficiency standards .
She will address retiree health legacy costs by providing a tax credit for qualifying private and public retiree health plans to offset a significant portion of catastrophic expenditures that exceed a certain threshold .
Accelerating the Production of " Plug - In " Hybrid Electric Vehicles : - A Plug - In Hybrid Electric Vehicle ( PHEV ) is a hybrid gas- electric vehicle with a more powerful battery that can be plugged into any regular outlet .
It can be filled up at the gas station , and it can be " filled up " at home by plugging it into a standard outlet .
Half the cars on America 's roads are driven 25 miles a day or less , so a plug - in with a 25 - mile range battery could eliminate gasoline use in the daily commute of tens of millions of Americans .
A recent study showed that a vehicle powered by electricity releases one - third less global warming pollution into the environment than a gasoline - powered vehicle , even if the electricity comes mostly from coal - fired power plants .
PHEVs offer the promise of achieving more than 100 miles per gallon of gasoline consumed ; and a flex - fuel PHEV running on E85 can potentially get 500 miles per gallon of gasoline .
Hillary would invest in research and stimulate demand for the first commercial PHEVs by :
* Investing $ 2 billion in research and development to reduce the cost and increase the longevity and durability of batteries ;
* Offering consumers tax credits of up to $ 10,000 for purchasing a plug - in hybrid ; and
* Adding 100,000 PHEVs to the federal fleet by 2015 .
INDUSTRY'S ROLE :
Dramatically Increasing Efficiency
Making Appliances More Energy Efficient : Energy efficiency standards for appliances have been very effective .
Today 's refrigerator uses about a third of the energy that a refrigerator did in the 1970s .
Yet there are more than 15 appliance types with significant energy savings opportunities that have no federal efficiency standards .
Adopting efficiency standards for these 15 products alone could save consumers $ 54 billion in energy costs between now and 2030 .
Hillary would direct the Department of Energy to update existing standards and set tough new standards for appliances that do not have them today .
Establishing a " Connie Mae " to Help Homeowners Improve the Energy Efficiency of Their Houses : Builders often neglect to make energy efficient investments because they add to the purchase price , even though they save money down the road .
As President , Hillary will establish a " Carbon Reduction Mortgage Association , " or " Connie Mae , " by directing Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to facilitate the origination of energy efficiency improvement loans in order to subsidize the additional costs of investing in energy efficiency from the outset .
Fannie and Freddie could guarantee some loans , securitize others , or hold loans in their own portfolios .
Individual loans will be capped at the greater of 5 % of the property 's value ( up to $ 10,000 ) or $ 5,000 , and tough efficiency standards would apply .
An energy audit of the home will determine the size of the improvement loan needed , and the energy bill savings that will result .
Borrowers will not be required to make down payments on the loans .
And the energy bill savings will ultimately offset the cost of the loan .
Hillary would commit up to $ 1 billion per year to the program , assisting upwards of 100,000 homeowners annually .
The program will target lower - and middle - income homebuyers .
Requiring Corporate Disclosure of Financial Risks Posed by Global Warming : Global warming presents both risks and opportunities for companies .
Investors need and deserve information about the risks that companies face due to global warming , and what their plans are to address them .
Companies are required to disclose to shareholders major threats they are facing in other areas .
Yet , the potential costs of global warming are not incorporated into most firms ' financial projections .
Some companies have stepped forward , forming a voluntary " Carbon Disclosure Project , " a voluntary program that works with shareholders and corporations to disclose the greenhouse gas emissions of many major corporations .
Hillary would build on this work by requiring the Securities and Exchange Commission to adopt disclosure obligations for all companies that are potentially impacted by climate change - related risks .
LOCAL COMMUNITIES ' ROLE :
Helping Develop New Jobs of the Future by Pushing Efficiency
Green Cities , Green Buildings , Green Homes -- Buildings account for 40 percent of U.S. greenhouse gas emissions nationwide and as much as 80 % in densely populated urban areas like New York City .
Indeed , cities cover just 2 percent of the planet 's land but are responsible for three - quarters of its greenhouse gas emissions -- and therefore present the greatest opportunity for reducing those emissions .
There are many ways to save energy and save money by reducing energy use in buildings , particularly in these urban areas :
Modernizing 20 Million Low - Income Homes to Improve Energy Efficiency .
On average , energy bills account for about 14 % of a low - income family 's gross income , and for many they account for 20 % or more .
Economists estimate that more than 80 % of energy expenses leave low - income communities , and thus do not generate additional economic activity inside those communities .
By weatherizing homes , we can reduce heating bills by 31 % and overall energy bills by $ 358 per year , savings that are significant for many low - income families .
Hillary will weatherize 20 million low - income homes over 8 years , creating good jobs that can not be outsourced .
Creating a Green Building Fund .
Through the fund , the federal government would allocate $ 1 billion annually to states to make grants or low - interest loans to improve energy efficiency in public buildings , such as schools , police stations , firehouses and offices .
The GBF will create more than 100,000 new " green collar " jobs .
To be eligible for funding , projects would need to meet tough energy efficiency standards , such as the EPA Energy Star standard for buildings .
The cost of this program would be split between the federal government and states and localities .
Training " Green Collar " Workers : Hillary would create a " Green Collar " jobs training program to provide the people who most need work with the skills to do the energy work that most needs doing .
The program would target at - risk youth , veterans , displaced workers , and would teach them skills to install and maintain energy efficiency and renewable energy technology .
When combined with Hillary 's major investments in energy efficiency retrofits and renewable energy technologies , this training program would create a pathway out of poverty for many Americans .
Improving Public Transportation --
Increased public transit usage is one of the best strategies for addressing the energy and environmental costs of transportation .
For every passenger mile traveled , public transportation produces only a fraction of the harmful pollution of private vehicles : only 5 percent as much carbon monoxide , less than 8 percent as many volatile organic compounds , and nearly half as much carbon dioxide and nitrogen oxides .
As President , Hillary will increase federal funding for public transit , including buses , light rail and subways , by $ 1.5 billion per year .
She will also link federal public transit funds to local land use policies that encourage residential developments that maximize public transit usage and discourage sprawl .
She will also invest an additional $ 1 billion in intercity passenger rail systems .
Intercity passenger rail is an environmentally efficient alternative to highway driving and short flights ; it relieves congestion on roads and airports ; reduces the emission of automotive pollutants ; and it stimulates economic growth by linking metropolitan areas .
Getting More Farmers , Ranchers and Foresters into the Fight Against Global Warming .
Farmers , ranchers and foresters can play an important role in confronting the challenge of climate change .
Farm practices can help sequester carbon in the soil , offsetting emissions from other sources .
And advances in energy efficiency can reduce the carbon footprint of working farms , contributing to an overall reduction in greenhouse gas emissions .
Ranchers and foresters can make similar contributions .
To encourage these activities , Hillary would provide incentives for carbon sequestration and improved energy efficiency on America 's farms and ranches and in its forests .
COAL INDUSTRY'S ROLE :
New Technology to Fight Greenhouse Gas Emissions
Efficiency First -- Maximize Energy Efficiency to Address Coal Demand : A 2006 McKinsey Global
Insight study of global energy efficiency potential found that all future energy service demand growth in North America can be met through cost - effective energy efficiency investments , such as greener building technologies and more efficient vehicles .
Recent examples prove that efficiency can dramatically reduce the need to build new power plants .
Earlier this year , investors acquired TXU and scrapped plans to build 8 of 11 planned coal - fired power plants in Texas .
Part of the plan to replace the 8 planned power plants was a $ 400 million increase in expenditures on customer efficiency .
To maximize the potential for efficiency , Hillary would direct state utility commissions to ensure that before approving an application to build a coal plant , there is an evaluation of whether the energy services provided by that plant could be met by cost - effective investments in energy efficiency .
Accelerating the Development of Clean Coal : Coal plays a major role in America 's energy mix , powering fifty percent of America 's electricity generation , and we still have enormous coal reserves .
At the same time , coal - fired power plants are the largest contributor to U.S. greenhouse gas emissions , and are responsible for emissions of mercury and other dangerous pollutants .
Hillary understands that continuing to build new coal plants in the same way that we have in the past will make it extremely difficult to meet our climate change goals .
Hillary 's plan includes many components that would alleviate the need for additional coal plants in the coming years .
For example , hr strong efficiency measures will reduce the need for new power plants .
Hillary also believes that we need to take swift action to spur the development and deployment of technology and practices that will enable us to capture , store and safely sequester carbon dioxide from coal - fired power plants .
To accelerate the development of this important technology , Hillary would put immediate funding towards 10 large scale carbon capture and storage projects that utilize a range of coal types , power plant types , and storage locations .
She will move quickly to develop the regulatory framework to ensure that carbon sequestration can be done safely and reliably .
And she will require all new coal plants to be capable of adding capture and storage technology when it becomes commercially available .
INDIVIDUAL RESPONSIBILITY :
Reducing Demand and Helping Create Accountability for Change
Challenging Individuals , Schools , Colleges , and Communities to Help Our Nation Address Global Warming :
In sharp contrast to President Bush , who after 9/11 asked only that people go shopping , Hillary will ask individuals to take action to prevent cataclysmic climate change .
She recognizes the significant and positive impact on carbon emissions that small but widespread changes in individual behavior can have .
She is challenging every American to hold themselves and their local leaders accountable to reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
She would also issue a challenge to all Americans to sign a pledge to take steps in their own life to reduce energy consumption in measurable ways .
In order to facilitate local efforts , Hillary will invest in measurement tools that will enable individuals and local communities to understand how much global warming pollution they are emitting , and to measure the impact of their efforts to reduce their carbon footprint .
She will also challenge colleges and schools to reduce emissions on campus and in their communities , and propose a set of awards through the Department of Energy to recognize the most outstanding climate achievers .
And she will urge people to have their towns join the more than 600 mayors who have signed the US Mayors Climate Protection Agreement to advance greenhouse gas reduction goals through leadership and action .
Issuing new " Energy Independence Bonds " :
In order to encourage broad citizen participation in the effort to move toward energy independence , Hillary will direct the U.S. Treasury to issue new " Energy Independence Bonds , " a limited - series of U.S. Savings Bonds .
A large - scale , sustained advertising campaign will promote the Bonds , similar to the way war bonds were promoted during the Second World War .
She will enlist community teams of volunteers to encourage people to reduce their carbon footprint and spend their energy savings on these Bonds .
Hillary will set a goal of selling 50 million bonds over 10 years and will invest the proceeds in energy efficiency and renewable energy projects in communities across America through the Strategic Energy Fund .
RESTORING AMERICAN LEADERSHIP
IN SOLVING INTERNATIONAL ENERGY AND CLIMATE CHALLENGES
Hillary knows that the U.S. has to lead the way in addressing climate change , but she also knows that this is a global problem that requires a global solution .
Leading the Development of a Post - Kyoto Treaty : The Kyoto treaty is set to expire in 2012 , and Hillary would act quickly in 2009 to restore U.S. leadership in the global warming arena by playing an active role in developing the post - Kyoto treaty .
As a guide to the treaty , Hillary would propose a science - based goal to limit global warming to levels needed to avoid the most catastrophic consequences of climate change .
She would re-engage in negotiations , work to bring rapidly developing nations like China and India along , and convene high - level meetings every three months with the goal of getting a new deal in place by 2010 , two years ahead of Kyoto 's expiration .
Establishing an " E8 " to Speed Global Action to Address Climate Change : Hillary would invite the G8 nations and key developing countries to join the United States in establishing an " E8 . "
This group would be comprised of the world 's major carbon - emitting nations , and would hold an annual summit devoted to international ecological and resource issues -- global warming foremost among them .
The E8 would not be a substitute for the United Nations effort to forge a global climate agreement , but rather would streamline negotiations among major emitters and would serve as a catalyst for the larger effort .
The group would include the United States , Canada , Mexico , the European Union , China , Russia , Japan , India , South Africa , and Brazil .
Promoting Reforestation and Slow Deforestation Worldwide : Deforestation , particularly in tropical countries , accounts for twenty percent of annual global greenhouse gas emissions .
Unless concerted action is taken , emissions reductions from industry could be replaced by accelerating emissions resulting from deforestation and the reduced capacity of forests to absorb carbon dioxide .
Hillary would work to set more rigorous standards to ensure that offsets produce real carbon reductions .
Hillary would also pursue debt - for - nature swaps , and would pursue trading incentives and penalties to reduce illegal logging in developing countries .
Taking Steps to Increase Energy Security :
In the near term , the security of the U.S. and the global economy depends to a great extent on the uninterrupted production , shipping , and consumption of oil .
To protect American interests and reduce volatility in the oil markets , Hillary would : reform the International Energy Agency to allow consuming states to more effectively pool intelligence and consumer power , and work to bring China and India into the International Energy Agency , so that we can better stand up to OPEC and encourage states other than Saudi Arabia to develop swing capacity -- the ability to adjust production up or down to address price volatility .
OPERATIONALIZING THE PLAN
Establishing A New Focus in the White House : Hillary believes it takes much more than a good plan to move us towards energy independence and address global warming .
That is why she has a clear plan for developing and implementing her policy proposals .
She will create a National Energy Council modeled on the National Economic Council and the National Security Council .
This new body will bring together disparate agencies in the federal government to put everyone on the same page and ensure that we all have the same priorities -- much like the National Economic Council does for the economy .
The National Energy Council would be headed by a National Energy Advisor who reports directly to the President , and who is charged with coordinating the implementation of Hilary 's energy and climate agenda across the Executive Branch .
This body will convene representatives from every government agency in order to drive towards achieving the goal of 80 % reduction of global warming pollution by 2050 .
For the first time , the Secretaries of Education and Agriculture , for example , will be deeply involved in meeting our energy efficiency and renewable energy targets .
Hillary will use this body to break down bureaucratic barriers , encourage cross agency collaboration , and regularly reinforce that this issue is a top priority for her Administration .
In addition , Hillary will focus the Department of Energy ( DOE ) on the challenge of transitioning from a carbon - based economy to a carbon - free economy .
Hillary will choose a Secretary of Energy who both understands the traditional responsibilities of the DOE and can lead us to a clean energy future .
AN ECONOMY TRANSFORMED :
At Least 5 Million Clean Energy Jobs Over the Next Decade
Hillary believes that by transitioning from a carbon - based economy to a green , energy efficient economy , we have the potential to unleash a wave of private sector innovation and create at least 5 million new jobs from clean energy over the next decade .
But it will only happen if we deploy the strength of America 's entrepreneurs , our capital markets and the commitment and resolve of our citizens .
Hillary 's plan lays the foundations of investment and incentives to encourage private sector innovation that can move us toward this jobs goal .
The U.S. has an opportunity to lead in the development of new green technologies , creating new companies , spin - off enterprises , and entrepreneurs who are creating wealth while moving us toward a carbon free future .
Hillary 's plan will help catalyze an efficiency revolution in buildings , homes , appliances and utilities ; spur rapid growth in the domestic renewables industries ; and invest in energy innovation and R&D , all of which will drive productivity and additional job growth .
And her plan will help the private sector create " green collar " jobs -- in research and development , manufacturing , construction , engineering , consulting and a variety of other areas -- that will help ensure strong growth of America 's middle class over the next decade .
Hillary 's goal of at least 5 million new jobs over a decade is well within our reach , considering :
Recent Studies Suggests Dramatic Job Growth Potential from Energy Efficiency .
Energy efficiency is the cheapest , cleanest , fastest way to reduce energy consumption and energy costs .
Hillary 's plan lays out an ambitious agenda to make this " fifth fuel " of energy efficiency a first priority -- by changing the way utilities do business , catalyzing the green building industry , enacting stricter appliance standards , and phasing out incandescent light bulbs .
A recent study by University of California Berkeley found that efficiency improvements drive innovation , productivity growth and consumer savings .
Within an overall framework of reducing greenhouse gas emissions and transitioning to renewables , the benefits from efficiency improvements could help create more than a million new jobs in California alone over the next ten years .
[ U.C. Berkeley , Economic Assessment for Climate Action in California , 2007 ] .
Based on conservative assumptions , this study suggests that the nationwide benefit from efficiency gains could help create well over 5 million jobs over a decade .
Other studies that have analyzed the direct job impact from efficiency investments , find that the benefits would be substantial :
* Catalyzing a Green Building Industry : Hillary 's commitment to modernize 20 million homes , improve building efficiency through the Green Building Fund , and update the federal building stock will encourage the creation of more than 500,000 private sector " green collar " jobs .
[ Apollo Alliance , 2004 ; National Association for State Community Services Programs 2007 ] .
Many of these jobs will be entry level construction jobs in America 's inner cities .
In addition , Hillary 's Connie Mae program will expand private investment in energy efficient homes and buildings and help expand this burgeoning sector .
The scale of this market is impressive -- half of all new buildings in 2030 will have been built after 2000 .
* Green Jobs from Updating Our Energy Grid : Hillary 's smart - grid programs have the potential to catalyze significant private investment in modernizing our outdated energy grid .
Such investment would create new jobs and drive efficiency improvements as well .
This could help create more than 400,000 private sector jobs over a decade .
[ Apollo Alliance , 2004 ] .
Transitioning to Renewable Energy Sources Can Drive New American Manufacturing and Create Millions of New Jobs .
A recent study by the University of Tennessee found that our economy could create about 2 million jobs from clean energy over 10 years if we get on a path to produce 25 % of our electricity and motor fuel needs from renewables by 2025 .
[ University of Tennessee , 25 % Renewable Energy for the United States By 2025 : Agricultural and Economic Impacts , November 2006 ] .
In addition , strengthening U.S. manufacturing in renewables will help create jobs from accelerated exports .
A recent study found that " a renewable energy industry servicing the export market can generate up to 16 times more employment than an industry that only manufactures for domestic consumption . "
[ Environment California Research and Policy Center , Renewable Energy and Jobs , 2003 ] .
The export potential and related job benefits are substantial in a global renewables market that is projected to grow from $ 55 billion in 2006 to $ 226 billion in 2016 .
[ Clean Edge , 2007 ] .
Finally , supporting energy - intensive industries will help them remain competitive in a green economy .
According to one study , an appropriately designed increase in fuel efficiency standards could help create about 240,000 new jobs in the U.S. - including 24,000 in the auto industry .
[ Union of Concerned Scientists , Jobs , Energy , and Fuel Economy , 2007 ]
In addition , Hillary will use a portion of the auction revenue from the cap and trade program to provide tax benefits to energy - intensive industries .
FISCALLY RESPONSIBLE PLAN
The total federal cost of the tax incentives and investments in Hillary Clinton 's plan is approximately $ 15 billion per year -- or $ 150 billion over ten years .
This includes $ 5 billion per year from the Strategic Energy Fund , which is financed internally by a windfall profits fee and removing special tax breaks for oil and gas companies .
Hillary will finance the remaining $ 10 billion per year without increasing the deficit by dedicating $ 2.5 billion in additional savings from closing loopholes for oil and gas companies and dedicating a portion ( about $ 7.5 billion ) of revenue from the cap and trade auction .
In the name of physics decency , to protect the minds of children everywhere , so that they may grow up in a world where they know the difference between speed and velocity , we have taken the responsibility to rate movies for their portrayal of excessively bad physics .
The system is as follows :
While many movies do fall short there are example of good one .
See Intuitor 's Recommendations for Movies With Good Movie Physics
Physics students : learn how the principles and equations you learn in school can actually be applied .
I hope physics education in the United States will improve and I think it would help in restoring the country 's technological mojo , but full restoration is going to take nothing less than cultural change .
That 's what the ISMP web site and its parent site intuitor.com are really about : valuing and paying attention to the basis of our economic success -- the nerd stuff .
However , when it comes to the passing rate on the AP Physics Exams , my real secret weapon is n't movie physics , it 's coaching .
Instead of working problem after problem on the board while students take notes , I work as little as possible then send the students to the boards to work while I coach .
If a problem goes slowly , I discuss it with the group , then have them re-work it again until it 's locked in their minds .
Students can learn about physics from lectures but in the end , just like an athletic skill , they have to do it to make it their own and being coached while doing so speeds the process .
Indeed , I use a classroom set of my own books and give reading assignments out of them in addition to the usual textbook assignments .
Movie physics examples are a regular part of my repertoire along with examples of bad physics in various conspiracy theories , including the Twin Tower collapse and the Kennedy assassination .
We work problems related to historic events such as the WWII Pearl Harbor attack , as well as problems related to modern issues of global warming and energy supply .
Over a period of years my class sizes have increased , probably due to these practices .
( I teach high school calculus based AP Physics mechanics for a first year course followed by electricity and magnetism in the second year . )
I recently made a public presentation about movie physics at Vanderbilt University ( yes , I do give public presentations ) .
Beforehand , I spent nearly 3 hours discussing movie physics with various Physics Department professors .
It turns out that even at a well regarded research university like Vanderbilt , they 're highly interested in anything that can help them teach physics and attract students to the classes .
They see movie physics as one of the possibilities .
So what has this to do with Insultingly Stupid Movie Physics ( ISMP ) ?
Hollywood , through bad example , has given us part of the answer for how to teach physics better and attract more students .
The ISMP site was created , at least in part , to take educational advantage of Hollywood 's gift and educators around the country are benefiting .
The vast majority of comments we receive are positive .
However , for the others we offer the following : Yes , we do have lives and also do enjoy movies .
No , we are definitely not " normal " but then we have never met a " normal " person , although we 're sure there is one somewhere in the world .
" Insultingly Stupid Movie Physics " has been reviewed or listed in Physics Today Magazine , The News Letter of the American Physical Society , The New York Times , and The Hollywood Reporter , as well as numerous other publications .
It has been listed on Fark and Slashdot and been featured on the Osgood Files and NPR as well as many other radio stations .
Since its start - up in 1997 , " Insultingly Stupid Movie Physics " has received hundreds of thousands of visitors including NASA scientists , high school and university physics teachers and at least one published science fiction writer .
We have received many helpful suggestions and constantly consider them as we improve our site .
For every student taking Physics in high school there are roughly three taking Biology .
Furthermore , the physics class is often taught by someone with relatively little physics background .
The single largest profession using sophisticated science and math on a regular basis is nether the scientists or mathematicians .
It 's the engineers .
They outnumber mathematicians , life and physical scientists added together by roughly a factor of three .
And what is the primary science engineers use ?
Physics .
" Is America Losing It 's [ technological ] Mojo ? " asked a recent Newsweek article and according to its author , Fareed Zakaria , the answer appears to be yes .
While the solution to a turn - around is certainly complex , the knee - jerk reaction is to teach more math and science but how ?
In South Carolina ( as I suspect most states ) we already require 4 years of math and 3 of science for high school graduation .
Fitting more math and science into the high school schedule is not likely to happen .
Clearly if K - 12 education is to be part of the solution , then teaching more effectively needs to be the goal , and here the starting place needs to be physics .
Some insultingly stupid movie physics are so commonplace as to make it inefficient for us to rail about individual instances .
They have become visual clichés and do for movies what verbal clichés do for literature .
Really good movies like Casablanca do n't need visual clichés to build excitement .
They depend on less glitzy techniques like good plot , character development , and sparkling dialog .
While a complete list of movie physics clichés would be lengthy , we 've listed a few of the common ones :
Flashing Bullets
The special effects representing impacting bullets typically give off bright flashes of light .
Normal bullets , especially handgun bullets , do not .
Part of the reason stems from the fact that handgun bullets are usually made of copper - clad lead or lead alloys .
In the chemical industry it 's commonplace to limit maintenance workers to copper - alloy or lead hammers when they are working in areas where flammable fumes may be present .
Hammers made of these materials do not produce sparks when they strike objects , while steel hammers can .
If you 've never noticed this phenomenon with steel hammers , do n't be surprised , the sparks generally are barely visible even under ideal lighting conditions .
The non-sparking tendencies of copper versus steel can be seen if the metals are ground .
Grinding a piece of steel will produce a copious quantity of sparks even in bright lighting .
If copper tubing is ground it may produce an occasional spark due to a contaminate on the grinding wheel or copper , but will be virtually spark free .
( Note : grinding is potentially hazardous .
It generates hot , high velocity metal particles .
The grinding wheel can also fly apart at high velocity .
Soft metals can clog a grinding wheel .
It should only be done with proper safety equipment and precautions . )
SUPPORT ISMP
If you 've enjoyed ISMP over the years and would like to see it continue , please consider a donation , a purchase at the Intuitor Store or a purchase of our book .
Check out our Tesla t- shirt , and our periodic table of elements shirt now available in black or white .
We do n't get free movie tickets or DVDs and have no outside sponsorship .
Your support is greatly appreciated .
We definitely do n't recommend grinding lead because it produces toxic particles in addition to the other hazards of grinding .
However , when ground under controlled conditions to prevent lead contamination , lead performs similarly to copper .
Bullets do get hot when they strike solid objects .
The worst case would be if all of a bullet 's kinetic energy were instantly converted to thermal energy when a bullet struck its target and all the thermal energy remained inside the bullet .
This is highly unlikely but easy to calculate .
A .45 cal handgun bullet , for instance , has a mass of 0.015 kg and a muzzle velocity of around 288 m/s ( at the upper end of velocity for commercially available ammunition ) .
Kinetic energy is calculated from the mass and the magnitude of the velocity of an object using the following equation : KE = ½mv 2
Where : KE = kinetic energy m = mass v = velocity
We calculate that such a bullet has a kinetic energy of 619 J .
If this kinetic energy is all converted to thermal energy , the temperature rise can be calculated as follows : D T = Q m( Cp )
Where : D T = temperature difference Q = heat transfered to the object m = mass Cp = specific heat Using a specific heat of lead equal to 0.128 J/g/ K we get a temperature increase of 324° Celsius .
If the bullet starts at room temperature ( 24° C ) it will end up at 348° C ( 659° F ) .
The melting point of lead is 328° C .
For the moment let 's not worry about whether the bullet melts but what it might look like if it did .
Molten lead looks like newly polished silver and is sometimes used in movies to represent molten silver , for example , when someone casts a silver bullet to kill a werewolf .
Molten silver , on the other hand , glows red ( melting temperature = 962° C ) .
At its melting temperature , lead does not glow with visible light .
The analysis would be similar for most common handgun or sub-machine gun bullets .
( Note , submachine guns use handgun bullets . )
On the other hand , High powered rifles contain much more kinetic energy and have the potential to get a lot hotter .
If we make similar calculations for a high - powered rifle bullet such as the .223 Remington 1 ( similar to the 5.56 NATO round used in M - 16 rifles ) but also account for lead 's heat of fusion , we find that at point blank range there is enough energy in the bullet to easily melt the bullet 's lead core and most likely also its copper jacket .
The temperature of the combined metals in this case would exceed 1000° C and glow a bright orange .
Do bullets really get as hot as our calculations suggest ?
No .
Most of the kinetic energy leaves a bullet between the time it hits and comes to rest .
Part leaves in a shock wave transmitted into the object the bullet strikes .
Part goes into deforming and / or breaking up both the bullet and the object .
In addition , bullets make good thermal contact with the object they hit , causing heat to be transferred out of the bullet .
We 've shot numerous rifle and pistol bullets and have yet to see a bright flash of light from an ordinary bullet .
Yes , a bullet can obtain a static electric charge as it flies through the air .
On impact , it can also cause pieces of rock to strike each other and produce sparks .
A small , high - powered bullet like a 5.56 NATO round could potentially get hot enough to cause some level of flashing when fired against an unyielding steel barrier .
Steel - jacketed or steel core bullets are available in many types of military ammunition and can also cause some sparks .
However , sparks caused by ordinary bullets are not as dramatic as the large flashes of light depicted in movies and generally can't be seen in daylight conditions .
Bullets containing incendiary material such as white phosphorous are the exception .
We 've seen these bullets fired , and they do indeed produce bright flashes of light when they hit as opposed to ordinary bullets which do not .
Incendiary rounds were originally designed to start fires when riddling the fuel tanks of enemy vehicles but also make it easy to see where bullets are striking .
Even heavy machine gun bullets are not reliable sources of ignition unless they contain incendiary materials .
While incendiary ammunition can be found , it 's not commonly used outside of the military .
( Note : incendiary bullets are different from tracer bullets which produce a streak of light as they travel to the target .
These can also light fires but are designed mostly to help gunners see where their bullets are going before they hit . )
At best , flashing bullets are n't needed .
At worst , they detract .
Serious movies generally do n't use them .
Subtlety can be far more dramatic .
For example , merely hearing bullets thunk against steel beams as the troops waded ashore in the movie Saving Private Ryan was positively chilling .
Ever notice how cars in movies always burst into flames the instant they collide with anything ?
Our favorite is when a car falling from a high place explodes the instant before it hits the ground .
It 's as though its gas tank gets panicky and detonates at the mere thought of striking Earth .
Fortunately , the physics are not so cooperative .
I t takes a whole series of conditions all of which must be exactly right for a gas tank to explode .
Even when a wrecked car catches on fire it rarely explodes .
A gas tank can explode if it contains an explosive mixture and there 's an opening for the flames to enter .
More likely , fire would have to impinge on the outside of the gas tank , vaporizing the gasoline in the tank causing it to overpressure and eventually explode .
However , if the vapors escaped fast enough the tank would not rupture .
Most fires start in the engine compartment and will not spread backwards to the gas tank area unless the tank is leaking fuel on the ground .
Again a whole series of events has to be just right for an explosion to occur .
Although it 's actually quite rare , exploding cars are a common excuse for not wearing seat belts .
Onlookers at crash sites are often so concerned about explosions that they unnecessarily jeopardize a person with a spinal injury by pulling them out of a wrecked car .
The common Hollywood depiction fuels these harmful misconceptions .
For more complete details see our site 's companion book .
Can a Handgun Bullet to the Gas Tank Blow up a Car ?
The mixture in a gas tank is typically too rich to explode and this alone precludes the oft repeated shoot - the - gas - tank - blow - up - the - car scene .
Furthermore , copper jacketed lead bullets are not good spark producers , hence , not good igniters but what about a steel jacketed or steel core bullet hitting that one in a million gas tank that is so close to empty it does have an explosive mixture in it ?
When a piece of steel is ground , it emits a shower of yellow orange sparks -- tiny particles of superheated metal .
Judging from the yellow orange color the particles are over 1000 °C , certainly above the auto ignition temperature of gasoline air mixtures .
We donned safety gear and poured a small quantity of gasoline in an aluminum pie pan — just enough to wet the bottom .
Using a pneumatic grinder on a bolt we showed the pan with sparks .
The result : nothing .
We dropped in a lit match and poof — flame .
Okay , no number of experiments can ever prove that grinding sparks will never ignite gasoline .
There 's no way to test all possible conditions .
Grinding near gasoline is dangerous , but it's also clear that grinding sparks are n't a reliable source of ignition .
We did n't test bullets , but it 's doubtful that one , particularly a handgun bullet , will reliably set off gasoline fumes .
The above experiments were conducted in a safety conscious manner under the supervision of a qualified professional .
Do not attempt them on your own .
No , we 're not referring to Bill Gates 's woes ( or lack of them ) , but to the ways movie windows refuse to obey simple laws of physics .
Apparently no one in Hollywood has ever picked up a piece of broken glass and suffered the inevitable bloodied finger .
Saying that shards of broken glass are razor sharp is an understatement .
A shattered window contains thousands of incredibly sharp edges and dagger - like points .
It takes almost no force for one of these points or edges to cause a laceration .
However , people in movies routinely jump through plate glass windows without receiving a single scratch .
Broken glass has at least two mechanisms for slashing a person diving through a window : its weight and its inertia .
First , large heavy shards of glass can fall like guillotines , slicing off body parts .
Second , when a person jumps or , even worse , drives a motorcycle through a window , the shards of glass tend to stay in place due to their inertia .
The only way to move them is to apply a force .
If the person 's body provides this force by pushing on the edge of a piece of glass , it can slice right through clothing , skin , and flesh .
In the real world , jumping or driving through a plate glass window would be suicidal .
There are individuals who have accidentally fallen through windows without sustaining serious injuries .
There are also people who have survived the Ebola virus .
However , in both cases the odds are not particularly good .
Safety glass helps considerably because it 's designed to completely shatter into small pieces with low amounts of weight and inertia , not to mention rounded rather than sharp edges .
Laminated safety glass adds a thin layer of plastic sandwiched between glass layers .
This helps keep pieces of broken glass from becoming projectiles .
Safety glass is not a soft surface .
All car windows are made of one or the other form of safety glass .
Nevertheless , when craniums impact car windows it often results in head injuries , including lacerations and broken bones or teeth .
A person who jumps through a safety glass window would be far more likely to avoid serious injury than if he jumped through a plate glass window , but would still likely sustain at least minor cuts .
All it takes is one minor cut on the head or face to make a person look like a bloody mess .
The numerous injury - free jumps through windows seen in movies is merely filmmaker 's magic .
For more complete details see our site 's companion book .
Our hero stands innocently on the sidewalk as a sinister car approaches with a shotgun protruding from the window .
Suddenly he sees it , but — blam — it 's too late .
He 's blown violently off his feet and flies several feet backward through the nearest display window .
Fortunately , he 's wearing his bulletproof vest and survives .
If he were not on the sidewalk by a display window , then invariably he'd be blown into a rack of whisky bottles , a giant mirror , or some other large glass object .
This happens so often that if we did n't know better we'd think Hollywood had discovered a new principle of physics : the attractive force of glass for shooting victims .
Unfortunately conservation of momentum says it can't happen .
A bullet or even shotgun blast simply does not have enough moment to propel a victim violently backwards .
For more complete details see our site 's companion book .
It 's Not Newton 's 3rd Law Contrary to the explanations given in some venues , the fact that shooting victims are not thrown violently backwards by bullet impact forces cannot be explained using Newton 's 3rd law .
These explanations usually claim that the recoil force on the shooter is an action / reaction pair with the bullet impact force on the victim — simply not true .
Action / reaction pairs of forces are equal in magnitude and opposite in direction .
They occur simultaneously .
While the recoil and bullet impact forces are opposite in direction they do not occur simultaneously .
The recoil force begins before the bullet strikes the target .
It is generally lower in magnitude than the bullet impact force but lasts for a longer time .
Sound is a pressure wave which requires matter of some sort to propagate it .
It moves along at a rather sedate velocity of 340 m/s ( 1120 ft/s ) in atmospheric - pressure air .
Light , on the other hand , is an electromagnetic wave and needs no matter for transmission .
It moves in a vacuum at 300,000,000 m/s ( 186,000 mi/s ) .
An explosion would create an expanding cloud of gases that would likely move at supersonic speeds and eventually impact spaceships in its path .
If it hit at close range people inside would hear a sound as though their ship had been slammed in the side by a giant hammer .
At some distance the sound inside the ship would be like a strong gust of wind blowing against the spacecraft 's outer hull .
Observing an exploding spacecraft in outerspace would be quite dangerous compared to observing one on Earth .
The shrapnel and debris from exploding spacecraft would attain very high initial velocities just like they do on Earth .
However , with no gravity to pull them to the ground and no air drag to slow them down , the debris would travel outward in straight lines virtually forever until they hit something .
Distance from the explosion would reduce the number of projectiles striking a spaceship .
However , impacting pieces would have the same kinetic energy they had right next to the blast .
A spacecraft would have to use the time afforded by distance from the explosion to raise its shields or risk annihilation .
Being in a desperate battle surrounded by exploding ships and having no shields would be certain death .
For more complete details on space battles and how they might unfold see our site 's companion book .
From security systems to space adventures , conveniently - visible red laserbeams are a common part of our movie experience .
Too bad they often do n't reflect reality .
Multi - beamed laser security systems are a frequent Hollywood plot device .
Again and again movies feature tension - filled scenes in which characters Figure 1 : A Conveniently Visible Hollywood Laser Figure 2 : A Real Laser Figure 3 : A Real Laser Shining Through a Cloud snake their way through mazes of laserbeams artistically arranged in random patterns by professional security fools to entertain us by making would - be thieves do contortions .
A simple arrangement of closely - spaced parallel beams would be contortion - proof but certainly not as much fun .
Unfortunately the tension - filled fun requires visible beams .
And anyone who 's used a typical red laser pointer knows that visible red laserbeams are as commonplace as the quintessential dimly - lit smoke - filled room .
Shine a pointer under normal conditions and you get a puny dot of light , not a visible beam extending dramatically across the room .
It 's only when the laserbeam hits a diffuse surface that its light is scattered in all directions , some towards your eyes , allowing you to see the dot .
The only way to " see " a red laser pointer 's beam is to shine it through a cloud of smoke , chalk dust , mist , etc. in a dimly - lit space .
The small particles in the cloud act as tiny diffuse surfaces which scatter part of the beam toward your eyes .
Dust particles usually create a sparkling effect as they float through the beam .
Sunbeams and moonbeams are created in the same way .
Technically , what you actually see are the particles in the cloud , not the beam itself .
With the correct wavelength of light , laserbeams can make air in their path glow .
If a photon of the correct wavelength hits an electron in the air it can " bounce " it to a higher energy level .
Eventually the electron returns to its normal level by emitting a photon .
The light emitted by the electrons in the air is not laserlight because it's not all going in the same direction , but it is all the same color as the laserbeam shining through it .
However , it 's hard to see in a lighted room unless the laser has a very high power level .
We might applaud Hollywood for often making security - system laserbeams invisible , but alas , it 's a plot gimmick used only when needed for dramatic tension .
Movie characters typically respond in some clever but unrealistic fashion .
Sometimes they spray aerosols .
In theory this could make beams visible , but in actual practice it's hard to find a spray that both works and persists in the air .
The spray itself could trip a sensor with high sensitivity and would only work in dimly - lit spaces .
More recently , Hollywood actors have started using special glasses .
Again , light must shine into the eyes to be seen , and the glasses do n't cause the photons in laserbeams to veer off course towards the actor 's eyes .
Glasses can only alter light already shining into your eyes .
Yes , night vision equipment could amplify laserlight scattered by dust .
Infrared ( IR ) goggles could make it possible to see otherwise invisible IR lasers .
However , both still require particles in the air and could often be defeated , simply by providing bright ambient lighting .
Perhaps the biggest problem with multi- beamed laser security systems is that in the real world they 're rarely used .
Systems with active light sources typically use inexpensive infrared LEDs .
They give off invisible infrared light much like an ordinary light bulb gives off visible light .
Intruders trip these systems by creating a shadow on a detector .
By comparison , a laserbeam is expensive and requires precise alignment .
Passive infrared devices are even cheaper because they require no special IR light sources .
Human beings are like walking infrared light bulbs .
A single inexpensive passive sensor can be used to detect the presence of human motion for an entire room .
While multi- beamed laser security systems are not impossible , there 's usually no reason to use one .
When low - power lasers are used for something like crime - scene investigation they are always clearly visible .
In fact if the plot calls for it , security beams will not only be visible , but arranged in an impenetrable grid pattern .
In the movie Murder at 1600 , Wesley Snipes encounters a visible grid of this type in a tunnel under the White House .
Just when the situation looks hopeless , Snipes cleverly sets it off and hides in the tunnel .
The Secret Service agents are , of course , distracted by Snipes ' associate who leads them on a chase in the opposite direction out of the tunnel .
From the standpoint of visibility , laser gunfights are usually depicted realistically .
We must also admit there 's something ominous about seeing a little red dot on a person and knowing a bullet could soon follow .
However , laser sights are used in some ridiculous situations ; for example , on sniper rifles .
When a sniper looks through the telescopic sight on his rifle , he knows where the bullet is going to go relative to the crosshairs .
Adding a laserbeam would do nothing except tip off the victim that he 's about to be shot and give him time to duck before the bullet arrived .
It would also help reveal the sniper 's location .
Hitting a moving target using a laser sight would be extremely difficult .
The sniper would have to lead the subject and so the red dot would be projected in front of the target where it could easily be lost in the background .
High - powered laser blasters or deathrays would be easier to see than the low - powered versions used in security systems and gunfights .
The light reflected by particles in the air would be brighter since the laserbeam itself would be brighter .
And as mentioned earlier , even a low - powered laser of the right wavelength would cause the air to glow .
A high - powered laser would make it glow even brighter because it emits far more photons to collide with electrons in the air .
Outerspace lasers are another matter .
There 's no air and few particles to make them visible .
To make matters worse , some movies show laserbeams shooting through outerspace like glowing spears .
All light , including laserlight , travels at 3×108 m/s or 186,000 mi/s ( in a vacuum ) , so fast that the human eye could n't possibly detect the motion of a laserbeam even if it were in the form of a glowing spear .
The afterimage of the moving light source would make it appear as a continuous beam from the source to the target .
Yes , a blaster or deathray could be something other than a laser .
It could be a high - energy particle beam .
The beam might be visible but would travel at such high velocities , it would look like a continuous beam from the source to the target .
Moviemakers generally throw in enough mumbo jumbo to obscure the mechanisms behind their fictional weapons , leaving some room for imagination .
We also have to admit that a cool - sounding , glowing spear - like blast does have dramatic appeal .
However , such blasts are speculative if not outright silly from a scientific standpoint .
The secret agent fixes his steely gaze on the crowd across the street in a park seven stories below .
He methodically assembles his weapon .
First he locks together the stock and barrel , then snaps his telescopic sight into position .
Lastly , he screws on an oversized silencer 3 .
He carefully selects a shiny 7.62 mm NATO round ( chosen , no doubt , for its long range accuracy ) and chambers it using the weapon 's bolt action .
A dastardly terrorist wanders into view .
The secret agent raises his weapon and coolly squeezes the trigger .
On the street below onlookers hear an innocuous " fut " sound .
The secret agent steps back from the window undetected , his assignment completed .
Unfortunately for the secret agent , he 's not so likely to go undetected .
A 7.62 NATO round is supersonic and would cause a miniature sonic boom even if the muzzle blast from the rifle was muffled 4 .
Yes , the miniature sonic boom is not as easy to pinpoint as a muzzle blast but does produce a very noticeable noise which can draw attention to a shooter .
Even silencing the muzzle blast to a mere " fut " is next to impossible .
Muzzle blast noise can exceed 150 decibels 5 ( measured at the shooter 's location ) and is one of the loudest sounds humans are likely to hear .
Silencers , suppressors , or cans as they are sometimes called 6 have to be precision made using very exacting technology to have any hope of quieting such a loud noise .
Considering that the threshold of pain is only 130 dB , we 're actually glad Hollywood sound tracks do n't accurately reproduce the noise of muzzle blasts .
If they did , the only sound action movie fans would hear as they staggered out of the theater would be the ringing in their ears .
In Blackhawk Down , the soldier who had an automatic weapon fired near his ears really would have been left temporarily , if not permanently , deafened .
SWAT teams sometimes use silencers , not for stealth , but to insure that they will be able to hear if one of the SWAT team members fires a shot inside the confined space of a room .
Discharging an unsilenced firearm in a room can cause temporary deafness .
Silencers are also sometimes used in raids on clandestine methamphetamine labs .
Discharging a normal firearm produces a muzzle flash which can set off volatile fumes .
Silencers act as flash suppressors .
Sound is a form of energy transfer and we could define loudness in terms of the energy per unit of time or power output , but it would n't give the complete picture .
Sound waves travel outward like balloons expanding around their source .
Some amount of a sound 's energy is distributed on the surface of each wave .
Since a wave 's sound energy is fixed and its area increases with the square of the distance from its source , the amount of energy per unit of area in the wave declines rapidly as the wave moves away from the source .
About the same wave area contacts a person 's ear regardless of how far she or he is away from the source .
The area , however , contains significantly less energy when the source is far away rather than up close , which is why a distant sound is not as loud .
Power per unit of area ( called sound intensity ) would be a better measure of loudness than just power alone .
Sound intensity accounts for the fact that the ear receives less power when the source is far away rather than close .
Unfortunately , human perception of loudness is not linear with respect to sound intensity .
In other words , doubling the sound intensity does not double the perception of loudness .
The perception of loudness is , roughly speaking , logarithmic and is represented somewhat better by the decibel scale as follows : b = 10 log( I / Io ) where : b = relative sound intensity in decibels
Io = sound intensity at the threshold of hearing ( 1 x 10 - 12 W/m2 ) I = sound intensity of the noise ( W/m2 ) Even the decibel falls short of being a true indicator of perceived loudness .
The loudness of a noise also depends on its frequency or pitch .
Sound measuring equipment , at least partially , accounts for this fact by using various frequency weighting filters .
The dBA scale is the most common of these applications .
However , if we assume that a muzzle blast 's frequency content is in the general vicinity of optimum hearing and that the blast 's frequency content does n't change with loudness , then the unweighted decibel scale is a reasonable indicator of relative loudness for purposes of discussion .
The logarithmic nature of hearing makes muzzle blasts even harder to silence .
Let 's see what happens to the relative loudness level if we reduce the sound intensity of a muzzle blast by a factor of two .
This means we 're removing half of the energy from the sound waves .
Using the above equation we get the following : b = 10 log [ I / ( 2 Io ) ] = 10 log( I / Io ) - 10 log( 2 ) = b 0 - 10 log( 2 ) = 150 - 3.0 = 147 dB Cutting sound intensity in half only reduces the relative loudness by merely 3 dB .
This would be barely noticeable .
A good set of ear plugs typically reduces noise by about 30 dB and so , would reduce a muzzle blast from 150 to 120 dB , still a very loud noise .
We estimate that the innocuous " fut " sound made by a movie silencer is roughly 50 dB 7 , a whopping noise reduction of 100 dB from the dB level of a muzzle blast !
In other words , a silencer has to reduce sound intensity of a muzzle blast by a factor of 1010 to give such a low relative loudness .
This can be done with a very well designed and precision made silencer using subsonic ammunition .
However , even commercially available silencers are more likely to give a reduction of 30 to 40 dB similar to ear plugs , than the incredible 100 dB reduction frequently portrayed in movies , especially when used on high - powered rifles .
We love the " highly effective " makeshift silencers which movie characters cobble together on the spur of the moment .
These have been created with everything from pillows to potatoes .
Our favorite is a scene from On Deadly Ground where Steven Seagal " effectively " silences a semi-automatic handgun by taping an empty 2 liter soft drink bottle to the end of the gun barrel and gets the usual " fut " sound .
At best , jury - rigged silencers can reduce noise levels only slightly .
At worst , they can become obstructed causing the silencer or gun barrel causing it to overpressure and burst 8 .
We might add that unregistered silencers are also illegal , even if they are relatively ineffective homemade creations .
Since Hollywood is n't overly concerned about loudness , then certainly it 's not going to obsess over small details like decimal points .
The speed of sound is roughly 300 m/s while the speed of light is 300,000,000 m/s ( both numbers are accurate to one significant figure ) .
Yet , moviemakers consistently think the two speeds have decimal points in the same location .
If an artillery shell explodes on a distant hill the sound invariably arrives simultaneously with the image .
Lightning typically coincides with thunder .
When a car careens off the edge of a cliff and smashes into the boulders below , we instantly hear the explosion .
Perhaps we should just write this one off to dramatic license , but the truth is virtually everyone knows about the time delay between images and sound .
In a movie , if a minor mismatch between an event and its sound causes a distraction , then dramatic license justifies eliminating it .
Otherwise , why portray anything falsely , especially when most people know and accept the truth .
We have previously mentioned that noises cannot be transmitted through the near vacuum of outer space because sound has to be transmitted through matter .
Why then does Hollywood persist in playing engine noises every time a spacecraft passes by .
Seeing a giant craft float silently past would be far more dramatic because it would be unexpected in our earthbound lives .
Arguably , the most dramatic scene in the 1968 movie 2001 : A Space Odyssey occurs when the computer HAL locks
Dave out of the spaceship and Dave is forced to enter the ship in a dangerously unorthodox manner .
Even though Dave sets off explosive bolts , the scene is totally silent because there is no air in outer space .
Yet , the scene coveys a sense of utter desperation .
2001 is included in most lists of the top 100 movies of all times ( # 22 on the AFI list of the top 100 films ) , has an enduring quality , and cult following because it got the physics of space travel essentially right .
It 's not a particularly strong movie in terms of plot , action , or pacing .
Its best dialog comes from its most notable character , a computer portrayed as a disembodied voice and unexpressive camera lens .
Its ending is almost incomprehensible .
Still 2001 demonstrates that silence is strongly emotional .
The 1970 movie Tora Tora Tora was nominated for four Academy Awards including the award for sound .
It won the award for Best Visual Effects .
The movie was a marvel of special effects for its time and was vastly superior in historical authenticity to the more recent movie Pearl Harbor .
Yet to modern viewers it has an annoying audio distraction .
The bullets make a fake sounding ricochet noise when they hit .
In 1970 this was standard practice but now sounds ridiculous .
Movie makers would do well to take note of this fact .
Movie history itself shows that the public eventually does reject nonsense .
We have seen a controlled experiment where a lit cigarette was introduced into a mixture of a few drops of gasoline and pure oxygen .
The result : a very loud explosion , so ...
Before proceeding further we want to emphasize that under the right circumstances a cigarette can ignite gasoline with horrific results .
Lighting puddles of gasoline with cigarettes in movies is a common device .
The character takes a few puffs and tosses the glowing cigarette in the puddle .
Immediately , the gasoline ignites .
However , numerous readers have written us saying it is n't so .
Some cited experiences where they saw it attempted .
Others said that cigarettes do n't get hot enough .
We searched the web and found several sites that say the glowing tip of a lit cigarette is well above the autoignition temperature of gasoline .
Normally this information would have convinced us , but as mentioned before , some of the people writing in seemed to have personal experience .
Finally , we decided to conduct an experiment .
We poured a very small amount of gasoline in an aluminum pie pan or slightly deeper cake pan and placed it in the middle of a concrete slab .
The pie and cake pans were chosen because they allowed the gasoline to spread out into a very shallow puddle the way it would if spilled on the ground .
It also pretty much guaranteed that the vapors at some point above the pan would mix enough with air to form an ignitable mixture .
Figure 4 : Cigarettes snuffed by gasoline Figure 5 Smoldering cigarettes on a gasoline soaked paper towel Figure 6 : Gasoline soaked paper towel at the moment of ignition with a match Figure 7 : Vigorously burning gasoline soaked paper towel after lighting with a match
We lit a cigarette and tossed it into the pan .
The cigarette paper wicked up gasoline and quenched the glowing tip without igniting anything ( see Figure 4 ) .
We tossed in more lit cigarettes .
We tried lighting gasoline soaked paper towels .
We used long tongs for reaching far away objects to hold glowing cigarettes over the pan at various heights .
More than once we placed several glowing cigarettes in the pan ( see Figure 5 ) .
Our record was 40 glowing cigarettes at one time .
In most cases , we allowed the glowing cigarettes to smolder until they went out .
Various experiments were conducted at different times of the day with different air temperatures and humidity .
A total of 223 cigarettes of 11 different types were eventually used all without ever igniting the gasoline .
Yet , at the end of each experimental session the gasoline was successfully lit using a single match attached to a long pole ( see figures 6 and 7 ) .
The gasoline would typically ignite just before the match touched it .
This indicated that there was an ignitable mixture above the surface of the gasoline .
Numerous lit cigarettes were in this region for significant periods of time .
We knew that puffing a cigarette would increase the tip 's temperature substantially and would help mix vapor and air together .
We became convinced that puffing a cigarette over the gasoline would cause it to ignite .
To test it , we built a simple smoking apparatus which could draw air through the cigarette or push it backwards out the tip .
We tested the apparatus repeatedly in both modes without getting ignition .
During a test a cigarette was consumed rapidly and glowed brightly .
Often sparks shot or fell off the cigarette .
They were smoked at various levels above the gasoline to insure that at least part of the time they were in a region with an ignitable mixture .
Surprisingly , even when a cigarette was puffed it did n't ignite the gasoline .
As mentioned earlier , we stand firm that under the right circumstances cigarettes can ignite gasoline , however , tossing a lit cigarette into a puddle of gasoline , as is done in many movies , is not a reliable way to do it .
If you want additional information about the reason why cigarettes are not a reliable ignition source please check out our book .
Experiments described above were conducted in a safety conscious manner under the supervision of a qualified professional with years of experience in handling dangerous materials .
Do not attempt them on your own .
MOVIE REVIEWS
Note : movies marked recommended are those which should be part of your DVD collection because they are worth viewing more than once .
The reasons vary : sometimes the best tools of learning are good examples , sometimes bad ones .
Also be sure to see Intuitor 's Recommendations for Movies With Good Movie Physics .
RATED MOVIES
While the reviews are no longer available , many of these movies are discussed in the web site 's companion book .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Former New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer saved himself from a grand jury probe over his role in a political smear campaign when he resigned amid a separate sex scandal , prosecutors said on Friday .
Former New York Governor Eliot Spitzer addresses the media with his wife Silda Wall Spitzer at his office in New York , March 10 , 2008 .
Spitzer saved himself from a grand jury probe over his role in a political smear campaign when he resigned amid a separate sex scandal , prosecutors said on Friday .
REUTERS / Shannon Stapleton
Such a grand jury probe could have led to Spitzer ’s removal from office , but he had already resigned on March 12 after the New York Times reported he had patronized a $ 1,000 - an - hour prostitute .
That ended the career of a former state attorney general who made his name by prosecuting malfeasance on Wall Street .
Before the prostitution scandal erupted , Albany District Attorney David Soares was investigating Spitzer ’s role in the release of potentially damaging information about the Democratic governor ’s chief political rival , Republican Senate Majority Leader Joe Bruno .
In an interview with investigators , Spitzer denied direct involvement in publicizing Bruno ’s use of state aircraft for trips that mixed public business with campaign fundraising .
But Spitzer was later contradicted by a former top aide , Darren Dopp , who was given immunity in return for cooperating with the Soares investigation .
Under oath , Dopp said Spitzer was regularly briefed on Dopp ’s effort to compile information about Bruno ’s trips and that Spitzer ordered the release of the records to the media .
“ Dopp stated that he walked ... to the governor ’s office and said to Spitzer , ‘ Boss , you ’re OK with the release of the plane records ? ’
According to Dopp , the governor replied ‘ Yeah , do it ’. ” the Soares report said .
“ If Dopp ’s testimony is credited , then former Governor Spitzer ’s answers were not truthful .
Accordingly , we intended to present these conflicting accounts to a grand jury , ” Soares said .
However , Soares said he halted the investigation because Spitzer resigned and he was no longer a public servant -- the basis of the potential grand jury probe .
Spitzer still faces possible federal charges stemming from the prostitution investigation .
Here 's a snip from the latest post on Kevin Kelly 's Technium blog :
Our digital communication network has been engineered so that copies flow with as little friction as possible .
Indeed , copies flow so freely we could think of the internet as a super - distribution system , where once a copy is introduced it will continue to flow through the network forever , much like electricity in a superconductive wire .
We see evidence of this in real life .
Once anything that can be copied is brought into contact with internet , it will be copied , and those copies never leave .
Even a dog knows you can't erase something once its flowed on the internet .
This super - distribution system has become the foundation of our economy and wealth .
The instant reduplication of data , ideas , and media underpins all the major economic sectors in our economy , particularly those involved with exports — that is , those industries where the US has a competitive advantage .
Our wealth sits upon a very large device that copies promiscuously and constantly .
Yet the previous round of wealth in this economy was built on selling precious copies , so the free flow of free copies tends to undermine the established order .
If reproductions of our best efforts are free , how can we keep going ?
To put it simply , how does one make money selling free copies ?
I have an answer .
The simplest way I can put it is thus :
When copies are super abundant , they become worthless .
When copies are super abundant , stuff which can't be copied becomes scarce and valuable .
Man Arrested At Brad Pitt Compound in Hollywood
ET is reporting that a man was arrested at the home of Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie .
According to the LAPD , a freelance reported namedwas arrested after Pitt 's housekeeper called police .
The arrest came at noon and was based upon a ' private person 's arrest ' , initiated by an employee of Pitt .
The 25 year old reporter was trespassing in the gated community when police took him away for booking .
Developing story ...
Projector prices are low now , but it looks like some crazy people like to make their own from scrapped parts : modified 8 " LCD screens from cheap DVD players , chunky power converters , circuitry salvaged from dead AV equipment and hundreds of LEDs put together to create powerful lamps .
The result are high - definition ghetto machines capable of delivering good images out of , literally , trash .
I discovered dozens of them thanks to the2 jakes , the guy who made that amazing homemade head mounted display control for the PS2 .
Huge gallery and details after the jump :
Advertisement
Most of these projectors have two key components , LCD panels from portable DVD or media players and optics from such devices as old - style 3 M overhead transparency projectors .
It depends on the resolution of the salvaged LCD panels , but some of these machines are capable of displaying 720 p content with no problems .
Here 's how an LCD taken from a dead portable looks after you take out the backlighting .
Advertisement
And this is how those panels look when placed into one of the most typical projector configurations :
For backlighting , these ghetto home cinemas mostly use a variety of incandescent lamps .
Some , however , are in theory more efficient and powerful : this homemade board uses hundreds of soldered LEDs to obtain a powerful light source , one that consumes less power than comparable traditional bulbs .
Advertisement
The most shocking feature , however , is that some of the people in this group not only create regular projectors , but also actual 3D projectors that work similarly to the 3D movies you see in IMAX theaters .
The machine projects two sightly different views of the same frame simultaneously using orthogonal polarized filters .
Viewers get the illusion of three - dimensional images , but only if they 're wearing the requisite polarized eyeglasses .
Advertisement
Granted , there are not a lot of commercially available 3D movies out there , so stereo projectors are limited to synthetic 3D images ( like those of CAD software or games ) or homemade 3D movies .
You probably guessed how they make those , by combining a pair of cheap webcams to form a stereo digital camcorders .
Advertisement
Prototype stereo camera
Advertisement
As you will see in the 60 - pic gallery , some of them look fugly , others look they were made in a real factory , and some of them have a simply stunning design , like this old retro model created from an old radio , my definitive favorite .
Advertisement
Honestly , I wish my own Marantz looked like that , instead of a laser turret from an Imperial Star Destroyer .
[ < a href = " http://forum.allinbox.com/aspectgeek/Projetsencours/3D-Stereoscopie/stereobox-projection-relief-sujet_3843_1.htm
" > Allinbox and Allinbox - In french ]
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
YOU WILL COME TO LOVE BIG BROTHER
By Dennis L. Cuddy , Ph.D .
March 10 , 2008
NewsWithViews.com
[ Note : In my last article , I indicated that the power elite at the most recent Bilderberg meeting may have ï¿½directed a pullbackï¿½ ( at least temporarily ) of an attack on Iran , ï¿½ given Russiaï¿½s and Chinaï¿½s objections .
It would be much easier to attack Iranï¿½s oil ally , Venezuela , with its troublesome leader Hugo Chavez .
But the U.S. , couldnï¿½t just attack Venezuela without an incident .
What if U.S. ally Colombia just happened to have an incursion into Venezuela , and Venezuela responded with military action ?
The U.S. would then militarily have to come to the aid of Colombia and oust Chavez , wouldnï¿½t it ?
The question is whether anyone would be gullible enough to believe such a scenario would happen just by accident ! ]
Most people see George Orwellï¿½s 1984 ( published 1949 ) as fiction , but Orwell had been a Fabian Socialist and was actually warning people about a planned future dictatorship under Big Brother .
When Big Brotherï¿½s agent Oï¿ ½Brien is torturing Winston , who eventually reluctantly submits , Oï¿ ½Brien tortures him again and Winston is bewildered because he has already submitted .
However , Oï¿ ½Brien explains that the goal is to have people submit not out of fear , but because they have actually come to love Big Brother and his rule over them .
Another work most view as fiction is Aldous Huxleyï¿½s BRAVE NEW WORLD ( 1932 ) .
However , it too was about a real future we will face .
On March 20 , 1962 , Huxley at U.C. - Berkeley revealed there will be ï¿½scientific dictatorships of the future .ï¿½
He stated : ï¿ ½If you can get people to assent to the state of affairs in which they are living , the state of servitude , ï¿½ it seems to me that the nature of the ultimate revolution with which we are now faced is precisely this ï¿½that we are in process of developing a whole series of techniques which will enable the controlling oligarchy , who have always existed and presumably always will exist , to get people actually to love their servitude .
People can be made to enjoy a state of affairs which by any decent standard they ought not to enjoy .
And these methods , I think , are a real refinement on the older methods of terror , because they combine methods of terror with methods of acceptance .
Among the various other methods which one can think of , there is , for example , the pharmacological method , ï¿½ and the result would be that you can imagine a euphoric which would make people thoroughly happy even in the most abominable circumstances .
I mean these things are possible !ï¿½
Before a single Big Brother , or the Antichrist , is in place , those who are executing the plan of control over us are called by myself the power elite .
Historically , they include people such as John D. Rockefeller and Andrew Carnegie .
More recently , they include notables such as David Rockefeller and international financier George Soros ( head of Soros Fund Management ) .
I ï¿½ve already written about David Rockefellerï¿½s admission in his MEMOIRS ( 2002 ) that heï¿½s part of a secret cabal moving us toward world government .
I ï¿½ve also referred to historical power elite member ( and Skull & Bones member ) William Whitneyï¿½s plan to contribute heavily to both major parties , and then alternate power so the stupid public thinks itï¿½s had a choice when it actually doesnï¿½t .
The power elite really controls our choices .
Regarding the 2008 presidential race , U.S. Senator ( and CFR member ) John McCain now has the Republican nomination sewed up .
But if McCain is a real conservative , why is he chairman of the Reform Institute ( to which ultra- liberal Senator John Kerryï¿½s wife also belongs ) , which has received a great deal of funding from leftist George Soros ?
In Richard Poeï¿½s and David Horowitzï¿½s THE SHADOW PARTY ( 2006 ) , they describe how Soros , Hillary Clinton , and Sixties radicals seized control of the Democratic Party .
Soros has been very close to Hillary Clinton for a long time , but heï¿½s also contributed heavily to her chief Democratic presidential rival Barack Obama .
At this point , it may be worth mentioning other interesting connections .
During Bill Clintonï¿½s presidency , Hillary was in charge of a large health - care task force dominated by people connected with the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation ( RWJF ) .
One of the RWJF ï¿½s primary concerns is mental health services for youth .
There is a new diagnostic method ( created by Zero to Three ) that determines youthï¿½s predisposition to a mental health problem called ï¿½reduced neuronal plasticity .ï¿½ Cortex Pharmaceuticals manufactures a new chemical compound called Ampakine , which ï¿½restores neuronal plasticity .ï¿½ Cortexï¿½s largest shareholder is Quantum Partners ( QP ) in the Cayman Islands , and QP is controlled by Soros Fund Management .
Both Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama have acknowledged admiration for Saul Alinsky ( Clinton wrote her college senior thesis about him ) , who asserted in RULES FOR RADICALS ( 1971 ) that ï¿½any revolutionary change must be preceded by a passive , affirmative , non-challenging attitude toward change among the masses of people .ï¿½
He continued to say that the radical organizer ï¿½dedicated to changing the life of a particular community must first rub raw the resentments of the people of a community , fan the latent hostilities of many of the people to the point of overt expression .
He must search out controversy and issuesï¿½ .
An organizer must stir up dissatisfaction and discontentmentï¿½ .
He knows that all values are relativeï¿½ .
Truth to him is relative and changing .ï¿½
Alinsky even included an acknowledgment to Lucifer at the front of this book .
To show how the power elite operates , Alinsky in 1940 founded the Industrial Areas Foundation ( IAF ) .
John D. Rockefellerï¿½s Rockefeller Foundation and Andrew Carnegieï¿½s Carnegie Corporation have given a great deal of money to these IAF , which works with organizations , schools , and in churches in most states of the U.S. and uses the Alinsky Method ( otherwise called the Delphi Technique ) to accomplish its objectives .
This method uses facilitators asking questions designed to push for consensus toward outcomes designed or predetermined by the facilitators .
What ï¿½s all this got to do with the power eliteï¿½s global objectives ?
The Alinsky Method has been used to promote school - to - work programs .
ï¿ ½Engaging the Public : One Way to Organizeï¿½ is a Concept Paper produced by the IAF for the National Alliance for Restructuring Education .
And in this document , one reads that ï¿½schools face the challenges of preparing students for a labor market in an economy that is increasingly mobile in nature , and requires of its workers the ability ï¿½ to be ï¿½lifelong learnersï¿½.ï¿½
The IAF holds meetings ï¿½designed to enable individuals to develop an awareness of their interdependency with others .ï¿½
In other words , workers are being prepared to work in an interdependent global economy .
Notice how the power elite often stays one step removed from the entities executing their plan .
This is to hide their involvement and deflect any public ire or blame .
Another area in which this is evident is the oil industry .
Before Dick Cheney became Vice - President he was head of Halliburton .
Addressing the CFR some time ago , he said ï¿½itï¿½s good to be back at the Council on Foreign Relations .
I ï ¿½ve been a member for a long time and was actually director for some period of time .
I never mentioned that when I was campaigning for re-election back home in Wyoming .ï¿½
In other words , keep hidden from the people of his state that heï¿½s a member of the CFR .
Following his statement , CFR members in attendance laughed knowingly .
During his leadership of Halliburton , Cheney forecasted that gasoline prices would rise to above $ 2.00 per gallon .
This seemed unbelievably high at that time , but proved extremely accurate .
How would Cheney know what was going to happen ?
It ï¿½s because the rise in oil prices was manufactured by the power elite .
However , in order to keep this hidden and divert blame , the power elite used the following strategy .
Their foundations heavily subsidized the environmental movement , which pressured federal , state and local governments to enact stringent rules and regulations that resulted in restrictions on the construction of oil refineries .
In my February 6 , 2006 NewsWithViews column titled ï¿ ½Mental Health , Education and Social Control , Part 25 , ï¿½ I noted that ï¿ ½the Foundation for Taxpayer and Consumer Rights has on its website internal memos from Chevron , Mobil and Texaco years ago showing their desire to limit oil refining in order to increase prices .ï¿½
Not only does the lack of construction of any new oil refineries increase the price of gasoline , but the lack of any increased refinery capacity allows oil reserves to remain in the ground longer , thus insuring even higher prices for it later .
In addition , environmentally imposed regulations also add to the cost of producing anything , thus providing an incentive to any company to move overseas wherever ( e.g. , China ) such regulations donï¿½t exist .
This also is part of the power eliteï¿½s plan .
And who gets the blame ?
It ï¿½s the environmentalists , not the hidden power elite who planned it .
The power elite also uses coercive tactics in which the people actually consent to their power grab .
For example , the power elite planned the TransTexas Corridor ( TTC ) as part of a TransAmerican Superhighway to connect the U.S. , Canada , and Mexico in a North American Union .
Obviously , the people of Oklahoma have objected to the TTC coming into their state , so what will the power elite do ?
Author Jerome Corsi has suggested they might have the Federal Highway Administration threaten to withhold federal highway funds from Oklahoma unless they consent .
Because of Americansï¿½ great dependency on the federal highway system for transporting people , food , building supplies , etc. , the elected Oklahoma legislature will probably reluctantly consent .
I believe if the public in general complains about this tactic , they will be reminded that they have already consented to it in principle when their elected members of Congress passed No Child Left Behind .
This federal law requires each state to submit its education plan to the federal U.S. Secretary of Education for approval before the state can receive federal education funds under this legislation .
Because state governments greatly desire these funds , most states have consented to submit their plans for approval .
In other words , the people ï¿½have come to love Big Brother , ï¿½ just as Big Brotherï¿½s agent Oï¿ ½Brien said they would in George Orwellï¿½s 1984 .
As I ï¿½ve written many times before , the power eliteï¿½s plan is to bring about a World Socialist Government , and in my books I have reproduced a 1911 cartoon showing Rockefeller , Carnegie , etc. welcoming Karl Marx and his ï¿ ½Socialismï¿½ to Wall Street .
Todayï¿½s upper class in the U.S. is furthering this process by sending their children to universities such as Duke , known as the Ivy League school of the South .
Duke students are primarily the sons and daughters of oil , banking , insurance , etc. , executives and Duke is very proud of the number of Marxist professors there .
In Accuracy in Academiaï¿½s April 1987 CAMPUS REPORT , one reads : ï¿ ½Dr. Malcolm Gillis , vice - provost of Duke University , thanked some 100 Marxist professors , graduate students and activists for gathering at Duke on March 13 - 15 .
Dr. Gillis said that by holding the Southeast Marxist Scholars Conference there , they were ï¿½helping us to increase the visibility of Marxist programs on this campus .ï¿½
Gillis said , ï¿ ½When I left this campus 20 years ago , there were very few Marxists here .
When I returned in 1984 , I saw Marxists in many parts of the social science faculty .ï¿½ï¿½ Professor Allen Zagarell , professor of anthropology at Duke , organized the conference .
Professor Zagarell refused to confirm or deny that he is the Al Zagarell who is the brother of Mike Zagarell , editor of the PEOPLE ï¿½S DAILY WORLD , the official newspaper of the Communist Party , U.S.Aï¿½ .
In a ( conference ) seminar on Marxism and religion , Toby Terrar of the National Lawyers Guild declared , ï¿ ½the United States is the enemy .ï¿½ï¿½
Many people today look at this type of Marxist influence on society as coming from the Frankfurt School .
While that is true , it ï¿½s important to remember that itï¿½s the elite who conceptualized Marxism in order to develop a dialectical process with capitalism in order to achieve a World Socialist Government .
Karl Marx was taught the collectivist socialism of Saint - Simon by Marxï¿½s father - in - law Ludwig von Westphalen , and Marx was actually paid by the League of the Just to write the COMMUNIST MANIFESTO .
The League was not comprised of poor workers but rather the intellectual and some business elites who were descendants of the Illuminati vision of Weishaupt , Goethe , Pestalozzi , etc .
They saw themselves as the new ï¿½philosopher kings , ï¿½ who would rule over the masses .
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts !
Enter Your E - Mail Address :
At the beginning of the 20th century , the business elite teamed with the intellectual elite in the field of education to pursue their dream .
John D. Rockefeller hired Baptist minister Frederick Gates to direct Rockefellerï¿½s General Education Board , Rockefeller Foundation , International Health Board , and to be chairman of the board of trustees of the Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research ( involved in eugenics ) .
The year after the 1911 cartoon I mentioned earlier , Gates authored ï¿ ½The Country School of To-morrowï¿½ ( THE WORLD ï¿½S WORK , August 1912 ) , in which he revealed the eliteï¿½s plan by writing : ï¿½In our dream , we have limitless resources , and the people yield themselves with perfect docility to our molding hand .
The present educational conventions fade from our minds ; and , unfettered by tradition , we work our own good will upon a grateful and responsive rural folk .ï¿½
In other words , these people ï¿½will come to love Big Brother .ï¿½
Home » forums » LtU Forum
Type - safe printf using delimited continuations , in Coq I had a session with Oleg at POPL this year trying to understand the shift / reset control operators and particularly the printf examples of Danvy & Filinski and Asai & Kameyama .
Late night thinkings ensued and now I can say I understand this thing a bit better .
I 've documented the whole development in Coq and Oleg reviewed it now so it should be mostly free of errors .
I hope others could be enlightened by this development , it also shows some nice features of programming in dependently - typed languages like Coq , notably having proofs of the actual laws of your structures or writing functions at the type level .
Enjoy this fine bit of type theory !
Genuine shift reset Comment viewing options
Flat list - collapsed Flat list - expanded Threaded list - collapsed Threaded list - expanded Date - newest first Date - oldest first Select your preferred way to display the comments and click " Save settings " to activate your changes .
On our tenth day in Pakistan , my colleague Tighe Barry and I , both human rights activists with CODEPINK and Global Exchange , were arrested at gunpoint by agents of the Pakistani government .
We had just left a student rally and were driving down the streets of Lahore with a car full of Pakistani journalists and lawyers .
Two cars and six motorbikes came screeching up , blocked our car , piled out with guns drawn , dragged the journalists and lawyers out of the car , beat the bystanders , and hijacked the car .
With the two of us huddled in the back surrounded by shouting police , our captors raced at breakneck speed through the crowded streets of Lahore .
We had no idea why we were being abducted or where we were headed .
The car pulled up to the Race Course Police Station , where more police threw open the gate and dragged us inside .
Terrified , we found ourselves in the office of a shady - looking character in a running suit .
He had on no badge or ID , but behind his desk was a framed certificate made out to Faizal Gulzar Awan , awarded by the Federal Bureau of Investigation .
Great - he'd been trained by the FBI .
That made us even more terrified !
Our phone had been ringing non-stop , with our friends desperate to find us .
The police tried to grab the phone from Tighe , but I snatched it and stuck it down my shirt , assuming the Muslim deference for women would keep them from attacking me physically .
I also pressed the answer button , as a call was coming in .
Infuriated , Mr. Awan called in a policewoman to get the phone , who pulled and shoved and pinched me , putting her hand down my shirt while I screamed and held on for dear life .
All of that , we informed them , was being recorded at the other end by our journalist friends .
At that point , our captor Mr. Ijaz from the Special Police Force , walked in , and the two of them switched to the good cop mode .
" Okay , okay , " said Mr. Awan .
" Let 's all calm down . "
" Yes , yes , " Mr. Ijaz smiled .
" Let 's all drink tea together . "
They brought out the tea , which we refused to drink , and tried to talk small talk , asking us questions like " What is your favorite Pakistani food ? , " and " What is the weather like back in the United States ? "
We refused to answer their questions and instead insisted on talking to a lawyer or someone from the US Consulate .
Finally , after making endless phone calls to their superiors , they allowed us to call the Consulate .
We talked to the political officer , Antone Greuble , who was well aware of the situation and said he was on his way .
When we got off the phone , Mr. Awan shocked us with his comment .
" We do n't know why you were arrested , " he said , " we are only carrying out orders from high up .
But I think your own government had a hand in it because you embarrassed the Ambassador when she was in town . "
Just the day before , when Ambassador Anne Patterson was holding a press conference , we had confronted her about the Bush administration 's continued support for Musharraf .
Now we did n't know who to fear more , Musharraf or our own government .
Four hours later , Mr. Grueble from the Consulate appeared with two security agents .
He said that Pakistani government had canceled our visas ( which were valid for two more months ) .
The government felt we were engaging in seditious acts under the emergency rules by showing up at rallies and by sitting outside the home of detained lawyer Aitzaz Ahsan .
" Why did n't the government just warn us that we were doing something wrong or nicely ask us to come into the police station , instead of terrorizing us ? , " Tighe asked .
" Because this is Pakistan , " Greuble replied , condescendingly .
This is indeed Pakistan , but it is the Pakistan of a Pervez Musharraf , a close U.S. ally who has been receiving over $ 100 million a month of our taxdollars .
It is the Pakistan of a dictator posing as a democrat , a general who took off his uniform to please the West , but who remains the strongman who runs the show .
It is the Pakistan of Musharraf 's emergency rule , issued on November 3 in the name of fighting terrorism but used to wage war on the democratic forces of this country .
In our ten - day visit , we met lawyers who had been brutally beaten and thrown into prisons with rats and murderers .
We met judges who had dedicated their lives to the rule of law , only to find themselves unceremoniously thrown off the bench and even physically evicted from their homes .
We met students who had been beaten with batons and face expulsion for participating in pro-democracy rallies .
We met journalists whose programs had been yanked off the air and tossed from their jobs for criticizing the government .
All this under the guise of the war on terror .
All this with the continued support of the U.S. government .
Back at our jail in Lahore , Mr. Greuble explained our options .
We could languish in jail for an unknown period and then be deported , or we could leave the country on the next available flight .
We " chose " the latter .
We were released under the care of the U.S. political officer , who booked us on a flight the following day .
Before we left , we had a final goodbye gathering with our newfound friends - the amazing group of lawyers , journalists and students we had met at rallies , vigils , debates .
They apologized profusely for the actions of their government ; we apologized profusely for our government 's actions .
Reflecting on our ordeal on the flight home , Tighe and I marveled at the courage and determination of the Pakistani activists .
We left angry at the Pakistani government for the way we were treated , but inspired and motivated by the example of our Pakistani brothers and sisters .
Medea Benjamin is cofounder of CODEPINK : Women for Peace and Global Exchange .
To support Pakistan 's democracy movement , see http://codepinkalert.org/article.php?list=type&type=335.
_______
Medea Benjamin
Board of Governors Contact
For all inquiries not addressed on the topic tabs on the left , please write to us :
Contact Us
Main Telephone
For other inquiries , or to speak with an operator : 202-452-3000
Stay Connected
There are other ways to stay connected with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System :
E-mail
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Flickr
LinkedIn
RSS Feeds
Some housing bubble news from Wall Street and Washington .
Bloomberg , “ JPMorgan Chase & Co. agreed to buy Bear Stearns Cos. for $ 240 million , about 90 percent less than its value last week , after a run on the company ended 85 years of independence for Wall Street ’s fifth - largest securities firm .
The Federal Reserve is providing financial backing to JPMorgan , the second - biggest U.S. bank , and also cut the rate on direct loans to banks in its first emergency weekend action in almost three decades to stave off a broader market panic . ”
“ JPMorgan Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon bought Bear Stearns , once the biggest underwriter of U.S. mortgage bonds , for less than the value of its real estate after clients , alarmed by speculation about a cash shortage , withdrew $ 17 billion in two days . ”
The New York Times .
“ Investors remain fearful that a panic in the credit markets , which threw Bear Stearns to the brink of bankruptcy and forced a sale to JPMorgan Chase , could spread to other big brokerage firms with extensive exposure to toxic mortgage - backed securities . ”
“ ‘ The problem is bigger than the Fed , ’ said Meredith A. Whitney , an Oppenheimer financial services analyst .
‘ Trillions of dollars of securities were underwritten on the false assumption house prices could never go down on a national basis .
That falsehood has put the entire financial system in a tailspin . ’ ”
“ Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S. Bernanke may be facing something worse than a loss of personal credibility on Wall Street and in Washington : waning faith in the ability of the institution he leads to turn around the economy and the financial markets anytime soon . ”
“ ‘ The Fed has been playing the equivalent of Whac - A - Mole as financial turmoil keeps cropping up in new and unexpected places , ’ says former Fed Vice Chairman Alan Blinder , referring to the arcade game where players try to hammer down plastic critters that randomly pop out of holes .
‘ Yet many of the problems facing us are beyond its reach . ’ ”
“ Home buyers are unlikely to put down offers on houses that they think will lose value — no matter how much the Fed does to lower mortgage costs .
Banks with mounting loan losses will shy away from lending to borrowers they think might go bust — no matter how much money the Fed pumps into the financial system . ”
“ Falling asset prices erode borrowers ’ net worth and make lenders even more reluctant to give them money .
Countrywide Financial Corp. , the biggest U.S. mortgage lender , made no subprime loans last month , down from $ 2.6 billion in February 2007 . ”
“ Investors have become gloomier about the outlook for house prices since the start of the year , according to trading in futures based on the 10 - city S&P / Case - Shiller price index .
Traders see prices tracked by the index falling 13 - 1/ 2 percent by November , more than double the drop foreseen in early January . ”
“ ‘ It ’s not showing any signs of letting up , ’ economist Robert Shiller , one of the creators of the index , told Bloomberg Television Feb. 27 .
‘ If anything , it ’s accelerating downwards . ’ ”
From Reuters .
“ A lot of people lost a lot of money : Entrepreneur Joseph Lewis , a reclusive Englishman who made a fortune trading currencies , bought a stake of about 10 percent in Bear and stands to lose around $ 1 billion . ”
“ The jittery mood means even well positioned banks may be reluctant to take advantage of acquisition opportunities , bankers and analysts said . ”
“ ‘ I think M&A is too difficult now , ’ a London banker said .
‘ This is about catching a falling chainsaw .
It ’s not just about cutting yourself if you get it wrong , it ’s about losing a limb . ’ ”
“ Lewis , a former currencies trader who was born in an apartment above a pub in London ’s East End , declined to comment through a spokesman .
The loss is almost half his $ 2.5 billion fortune , as estimated by Forbes magazine in its 2007 survey . ”
“ Mutual funds run by investment bank Morgan Stanley were the third - largest Bear Stearns holder with a 5.4 percent stake and may have lost about $ 546 million since Dec. 31 .
Bear ’s fifth - largest shareholder , Baltimore - based Legg Mason Capital Management , a unit of Legg Mason Inc. run by Bill Miller , may be down $ 493 million . ”
“ ‘ This was done in the market ’s best interests , ’ said David Hendler , an analyst at a financial - research firm in New York .
‘ Unfortunately Bear Stearns shareholders are at the short end of the stick and they only got this token payment . ’”
“ James Cayne , Bear ’s former CEO and fourth - largest holder with a 4.9 percent stake , saw the value of his holding drop by $ 504 million . ”
“ Warren Spector , the former bond chief who calculated complex securities trades by hand … shared a passion for bridge with Bear ’s CEO , Jimmy Cayne .
Both men lost their jobs after bets on subprime mortgage bonds soured .
They were at a bridge tournament in Detroit last week , as Alan Schwartz , the CEO for two months , fought a run on Bear ’s cash brought on by widening subprime losses . ”
“ ‘ The people who did this are Jimmy Cayne and Warren Spector , ’ said Richard Bove , an analyst at Punk , Ziegel & Co . ”
“ Last month , Cayne paid $ 27.5 million for two adjacent 14th - floor condominiums at New York ’s Plaza Hotel overlooking Central Park , according to city property records .
The new digs may not insulate him from scrutiny as regulators try to determine who ’s at fault for the expanding credit crunch , Bove said . ”
“ ‘ It will be interesting to see what kind of iron doors Cayne puts on his new apartment , ’ he said . ”
The Associated Press .
“ Bond Insurer FGIC Corp. , which is owned by mortgage insurer PMI Group Inc. , said Monday it lost nearly $ 2 billion in the fourth quarter and continues to seek a reorganization of its insurance operations and to raise capital to shore up its financial position . ”
“ The loss resulted primarily from writing down the value of securities guaranteed by FGIC that are backed by subprime and second - lien mortgages , the company said .
The company said it stopped writing new financial guaranty business for now in order to hold onto capital . ”
The LA Daily News .
“ It ’s become clear that financial shenanigans are partly to blame for bogging down the mortgage industry .
Interthinx , an Agoura Hills - based company that provides risk - mitigation and regulatory - compliance tools for the financial - services industry , says the hole is pretty deep . ”
“ Company analysts found that in the last half of 2007 , about 42,000 mortgage applications for property valued at $ 11 billion misrepresented the borrowers ’ earned income . ”
“ ‘ For the first time , the industry is getting a real - time look at the scope of mortgage fraud , and these numbers are staggering , ’ said a statement by Kevin Coop , president of Interthinx , which has about 1,400 clients nationwide , including 15 of the top - 20 mortgage lenders and three of the five largest financial institutions . ”
“ Interthinx VP Jeff Moyer said the analysis was generated using an ‘ income alert , ’ a software program that warns when a borrower submits multiple applications in which his or her reported income jumps by at least 15 percent .
Moyer said he was surprised by the number of alerts the program flagged .
‘ It should not be that high . ’ ”
“ The problem spiked as the market boiled over in the early 2000s and then exploded starting in the latter part of 2005 .
The company found that 24.4 percent of home loans examined in the third quarter of 2007 were deemed to have a high risk of fraud . ”
“ ‘ What you are hearing is that there was a significant amount of ( loan application ) misrepresentations , ’ said Jack Kyser , chief economist at the Los Angeles County Economic Development Corp .
‘ The joke was , if you had a pulse you could get a home loan . ’ ”
The LA Times .
“ Freelance financial watchdogs who examined the paperwork on sub - prime home loans being sold to Wall Street had an inside view of the boom in easy - money lending this decade . ”
“ The reviewers say they raised plenty of red flags about flaws so serious that mortgages should have been rejected outright … but the problems were glossed over , ignored or stricken from reports . ”
“ In interviews with The Times , eight experienced loan reviewers said that as marginal lending increased , quantity took precedence over quality .
Squads of 10 to 15 veteran loan checkers gave way , they said , to packs of 40 to 50 mostly novice reviewers posted at or near sub - prime factories such as now - defunct Orange County lenders New Century Financial Corp. and Ameriquest Mortgage Co. ”
“ Loan reviewer Jana Lujan recalled showing a file to a supervisor in 2004 , during a check of sub - prime mortgages made by a Brea bank that regulators later cited for unsound lending .
A title report showed a tax lien on the property . ”
“ ‘ I said we needed evidence it had been paid off and released , ’ to ensure against foreclosure , Lujan said .
‘ And he said : ‘ Just go ahead .
Assume it ’s being taken care of . ’ ”
“ The biggest problems , the reviewers said , were appraisals that looked inflated and ‘ liar ’s loans . ’
‘ You ca n’t tell me a Kmart or a Wal - Mart or a Target floor worker is making $ 5,000 a month , or a house cleaner is making $ 10,000 , ’ said former loan reviewer Irma Aninger of Palm Desert , a 40 - year financial services industry veteran . ”
“ Aninger , who did work for Clayton and Bohan , said she tried repeatedly to have such loans marked as unacceptable but was overruled by supervisors , who were known as project leads .
‘ The lead would say , ‘ You ca n’t do that .
You ca n’t call these people liars , ’ Aninger said . ”
“ One such supervisor was Clayton ’s Ed Peek .
He denied discouraging the rejection of ’ stated income ’ loans .
‘ Many , many , many stated income loans were rejected , ’ he said , but the loan buyers often bought the rejected mortgages anyway . ”
“ From his perch , Peek said , he could see the deterioration of overall standards .
‘ I had been looking at sub - prime mortgages since the beginning , ’ he said .
‘ When it started , you could n’t get a sub - prime loan for over 80 % ’ of a property ’s value . ”
“ ‘ But the guidelines loosen , and the investors would still buy , ’ Peek said .
‘ They loosen up some more , and investors still buy , ’ until highly risky loans for 100 % of a home ’s value were pushed through . ”
“ ‘ Everyone knew this was a bubble that could n’t last , ’ he said .
‘ We all could see this coming . ’ ”
The Financial Times .
“ ‘ The current financial crisis in the US is likely to be judged in retrospect as the most wrenching since the end of the Second World War , ’ former US Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan said in a Financial Times commentary published on Monday . ”
“ ‘ Particularly hard hit will be much of today ’s financial risk - valuation system , significant parts of which failed under stress , ’ said Greenspan , who some have criticised for contributing at least in part to the current crisis by being too lax on monetary policy whilst head of the Fed .
‘ The crisis will leave many casualties . ’ ”
“ ‘ It will end eventually when home prices stabilise and with them the value of equity in homes supporting troubled mortgage securities , ’ he said . ”
“ ‘ In the current crisis , as in past crises , we can learn much , and policy in the future will be informed by these lessons .
But we cannot hope to anticipate the specifics of future crises with any degree of confidence , ’ he said . ”
“ ‘ Thus it is important , indeed crucial , that any reforms in , and adjustments to , the structure of markets and regulations not inhibit our most reliable and effective safeguards against cumulative economic failure : market flexibility and open competition . ’ ”
I feel bad about what I ’m going to do here .
I ’ve had a lot of fun at Tim Goeglein ’s expense over the last few months .
Mean - spirited fun , certainly , but my problem with him has always been one of personal taste .
In his columns for The News - Sentinel , my old newspaper , he personifies a certain sort of apple - cheeked Hoosier drippiness , which undoubtedly masks a core of white - hot ambition .
I mean , he worked at the right hand of Karl Rove , and remains in the White House .
But while he works in the West Wing , he chooses to write awful , turgid essays on the wonders of Hoagy Carmichael , deceased operatic composers and his parents ’ marriage .
I know it ’s unfair to expect policy analyses , but it ’s maddening to think that here ’s this guy , a home - towner , eyewitness to an epochal period in American history , and he gives us Odes to Summer .
Why he chooses to do so for the failing paper in a two - newspaper town , one with a circulation that probably barely nudges 30,000 these days , remains a mystery .
( I ’ve heard theories :
He does it for his mother , and He plans to run for office soon , and he ’s raising his local profile .
Do n’t really care , anyway .
He ’s just fun to make fun of .
When William F. Buckley died this week , one of my first thoughts was that he ’d been friends with Tim , and we would almost certainly have a long , overwrought , superlative - packed column coming down the pike soon , and we ’d have ourselves a good time giggling over it .
When I saw he had a piece in the paper Thursday , the day after Buckley died , I thought for a second the wait was over , then spotted the headline — Education : Ideas worth defending , honesty of reflective thought — and realized , no , this has been in the pipeline for a while .
Not that it was a total disappointment .
I started to read , and a name jumped out at me — “ Eugene Rosenstock - Hussey , ” described as a “ notable professor of philosophy at Dartmouth . ”
Now , I ’m sure Tim ’s spare brain space is n’t cluttered , as mine is , with “ American Idol , ” the internet and what ’s - for - dinner concerns .
Certainly string quartets waft through his paneled study , where he reads and thinks under the mounted ibex head , far from the vulgar buzz of pop culture .
Surely he can acquaint himself with notable professors of philosophy at Dartmouth while I watch the Oscars .
But this name was so goofy , just for the hell of it , I Googled it .
And look what I found .
Tim :
A notable professor of philosophy at Dartmouth College in the last century , Eugene Rosenstock - Hussey , expressed the matter succinctly .
His wisdom is not only profound but also worth pondering in this new century .
He said , “ The goal of education is to form the Citizen .
And the Citizen is a person who , if need be , can re-found his civilization . ”
He meant that , I think , in quite a large sense .
He did not mean that you had to master all the specialties you can think of , but rather to be an educated man or woman , you needed to be familiar with the large and indispensable components of our civilization .
This does not mean you should not study other cultures and civilizations .
It does mean that to be a citizen of this one , you should be aware of what it is and where it — we — came from .
It can hardly be challenged that the United States of America is part of the narrative of European history .
“ What is a College Education ? ” by Jeffrey Hart , writing in the Dartmouth Review ( cite is unclear , but from the URL it appears to be from 1998 ) :
A notable Professor of Philosophy at Dartmouth , Eugene Rosenstock - Hussey often expressed the matter succinctly , “ The goal of education , ” he would say , “ is to form the Citizen .
And the Citizen is a person who , if need be , can re-found his civilization . ”
He meant that in quite large a sense .
He did not mean that you had to master all the specialties you can think of .
He meant that you need to be familiar with the large and indispensable components of your — this — civilization .
This certainly does not mean that you should not study other cultures and civilizations .
It does mean that to be a Citizen of this one you should be aware of what it is and where it came from .
It can scarcely be challenged that the United States is part of the narrative of European history .
My , my , my .
Tim Goeglein , director of the White House office of public liaison , is a plagiarist .
Not an accidental or delicate one , either .
The piece ( Tim ’s ) goes on :
It can hardly be challenged that the United States of America is part of the narrative of European history .
Europe is overwhelmingly the source , and some parts of Europe more than others :
Our language , literature , legal tradition , political arrangements derive , demonstrably , from England .
This Britain - America connection is central .
There have been many ways of answering the question :
What is Europe ?
A handy way to think of the matter is the paradigm of “ Athens ” and “ Jerusalem . ”
In this paradigm , those terms designate both the two cities we have all heard of but also two kinds of mind .
The tradition designated “ Athens ” is associated with philosophy and with critical exercise of mind , with reason .
The tradition associated with “ Jerusalem ” is associated with monotheism , with faith .
Hart :
It can scarcely be challenged that the United States is part of the narrative of European history .
It owes little or nothing to Confucius or Laotse or to Chief Shaka or to the Aztecs .
At the margin it owes a bit to the American Indians , but not a great deal — corn , tobacco , some legendary material .
But Europe is overwhelmingly the source .
And some parts of Europe more than others :
Our language , legal tradition , political arrangements derive , and demonstrably so , from England .
There have been many ways of answering the question , “ What is Europe ? ”
But a handy way to think of the matter is the paradigm of “ Athens ” and “ Jerusalem . ”
In this paradigm , those terms designate both the two cities we have all heard of , and also two kinds of mind .
The tradition designated “ Athens ” is associated with philosophy and with critical exercise of mind .
The tradition associated with “ Jerusalem ” is associated with monotheism .
Note that Tim leaves out the gratuitous swipe at non-European cultures .
Well , the original was written a few years ago , and times have changed .
But other than a word here and there —
Hart likes “ scarcely , ” while Tim goes for “ hardly ” — these two great minds think alike .
A lot alike :
On the side of Athens , you would want to learn something about Homer , who in many ways laid the basis of Greek philosophy , and you would need to meet Plato , Aristotle , Socrates — the three greatest Greek philosophers — as well as the Greek dramatists , historians , architects and sculptors .
Over in Jerusalem , you would find the epic account of the career of monotheism as it worked its way out in history .
The scriptures , like Homer , have their epic heroes —
Moses most dramatically — and like the Greek tradition in some ways , they refine and internalize the epic virtues .
Athens and Jerusalem , reason and faith , interact , and much flows from this interaction that results in the fullest expression of the educated man and woman .
The intellectually exciting thing is that with Athens and Jerusalem as the foundations , you would follow all of this down through the centuries , through Virgil ( the great Roman poet ) , Augustine , Dante ( who is perhaps the greatest poet of Western culture ) , Shakespeare ( who is probably our greatest playwright ) , Cervantes , Montaigne , Moliere , Voltaire , Goethe and on to modernity .
“ The best that has been thought and said , ” as Matthew Arnold called it .
The mind of Europe as T.S. Eliot put it , “ from Homer to the present . ”
That was Tim .
This is Hart :
On the side of “ Athens ” you will want to learn something about Homer , who in many ways laid the basis of Greek philosophy , and you will need to meet Plato , Aristotle , the Greek dramatists , historians , architects and sculptors .
Over in “ Jerusalem ” you will find the epic account of the career of monotheism as it worked its way out in history .
The scriptures like Homer , have their epic heroes , and , like the Greek tradition in some ways they refine and internalize the epic virtues .
“ Athens ” and “ Jerusalem ” interact and much flows from the interaction .
You will follow all of this down through the centuries , through Virgil and Augustine , and Dante , in Shakespeare , Cervantes , and Montaigne , Moliere , Voltaire , Goethe and on to modernity .
“ The best that has been thought and said , “ as Matthew Arnold called it .
The mind of Europe as T.S. Eliot put it , “ from Homer to the present . ”
Interestingly , Jeffrey Hart himself is quite the character , another aide to a president ( Nixon , Reagan ) , a spiritual and intellectual brother to Tim .
As for the Dartmouth Review , well , most people know the story of one of the first high - profile right - wing student publications , that gave an early - career boost to Dinesh D’Souza and Laura Ingraham , among others .
( Tim went to Indiana University . )
All accounts paint a picture of a dedicated academic who , you ’d think , would frown on one of academia ’s most serious sins .
I look forward to hearing his reaction , if any .
I mentioned at the top of this post that I feel bad about what I ’m going to do here .
( I stole that line , by the way ; it ’s Nora Ephron ’s opening for her devastating profile of Dorothy Schiff ’s New York Post .
Now that I ’ve given credit , it ’s not plagiarism , it ’s an homage .
See how it works ? )
I feel bad because my old buddy Leo Morris , who edits the op - ed pages , is going to bear the brunt of this — the investigation , the uncomfortable announcement to readers , the search through the archives for more time bombs , the embarrassment of being took by someone any editor would trust , a self - styled intellectual and senior White House aide , for crying out loud .
But either this stuff is important or it is n’t , and I say it is .
UPDATE : Thanks to the Kenosha Kid , in comments , who finds more evidence of unattributed sourcing , in the Hoagy Carmichael essay linked above .
The rifled pockets were those of Jonathan Yardley in the Washington Post .
Way to pick an obscure source , Tim .
UPDATE 2 : Since we ’re getting some outside linkage today , a word about comments : I have mine set for “ first - timers go to moderation , ” and after that , you ’re in .
So if you ’re a newbie , feel free to comment , but if it does n’t appear right away , do n’t keep trying .
I ’ll stay close to my computer today , but I have to run a few errands today , too , and will be out .
UPDATE 3 : Tim comes clean .
Thanks ,
Natalie , for the tipoff .
UPDATE 4 ( and it ’s hardly noon yet ) :
Thanks to commenters Adam Stanhope and Grytpype Thynne , who did the work on the operatic composers piece , down in the comments .
( Click here to go there directly . )
I am reminded of a recent scene from “ The Wire ” : “ You think the first time he gets caught is the first time he does it ? ” Apparently not .
UPDATE 5 : And MOOOOOOOORE .
UPDATE 6 : OK , this is funny , the News - Sentinel ’s response .
The subhed should be , “ Nall ?
Never heard of her . ”
Oh , and keep following our bird dogs , Adam Stanhope and Grytpype Thynne , in the comments .
I ca n’t keep up any more and I have to step out for half an hour .
Meanwhile McCain can only talk about permanent tax cuts for the wealthy ( who have already prospered enormously under Bush ) and read Greenspan ’s book .
Sheesh .
The GOP simply ca n’t see what everyone so easily sees .
The economic boom only applied to the thin layer at the top while everyone else struggles .
If that ’s what McCain wants to promote on the campaign trail , good luck in November .
Except for the late 1990s , pay has been stagnant for more than a generation , barely keeping pace with inflation .
In 1973 , the median male worker earned $ 16.88 an hour , adjusted for inflation .
In 2007 , he earned $ 16.85 .
For many families , the stagnation has been moderated by the addition of a second paycheck as more women went to work , and their pay rose over the same period .
But the largest gains went to workers at the top of the pay scale .
Now , economic worries are rising fastest in households with smaller paychecks , and that chasm is widening .
“ Over the past decades , whether inflation was much higher or lower , or incomes grew faster or more slowly , there has never been such a wide divergence in the experiences ” separating richer households from poorer ones , Richard Curtin , the director of the University of Michigan ’s consumer survey said in summing up the most recent figures .
From owner-imap@chumbly.math.missouri.edu Sun Oct 27 07:30:06 2002
Date : Sat , 26 Oct 2002 18:06:59 - 0500 ( CDT )
From : ernie yacub < yacinfo@mars.ark.com >
Subject : [ EMMAS ] Regime Change :
How the CIA put Saddam 's Party in Power ,
Article : 146452
To : undisclosed - recipients : ; Regime Change : How the CIA put Saddam 's Party in Power , 1963
Date : Thu , 24 Oct 2002 13:24:07 - 0400
From : Richard Sanders < ad207@freenet.carleton.ca >
Richard Helms : CIA Assassination , Regime Change , Mass Murder and Saddam
By Richard Sanders , Coordinator , Coalition to Oppose the Arms Trade and editor , of COAT 's quarterly magazine Press for Conversion !
Regime Change : How the CIA put Saddam 's Party in Power
From Richard Sanders , 24 October 2002
Source : Andrew and Patrick Cockburn ,
excerpt from Out of the Ashes , The Resurrection of Saddam Hussein , 2000 .
Cited by Tim Buckley < http://www.casi.org.uk/discuss/2000/msg01267.html>
With the death of former CIA director Richard Helms , the corporate media is offering a rare glimpse into the CIA 's use of political assassinations .
Unfortunately , however , the coverage is highly - sanitized .
It covers up much more than it reveals .
Contrary to what the corporate media suggests , assassination is not a clean , surgical method of removing very specific political enemies .
It is only one small element in a larger cluster of crimes used by the CIA in executing a regime change .
The reality is that the CIA 's use of assassination to exterminate political leaders has historically been closely linked to many other political crimes that are , arguably , even worse .
For example , when planning , coordinating , arming , training and financing repressive military coups , as the CIA has done so many times , their henchmen are wont to carry out mass arrests , mass torture and mass murder .
It 's a nasty business .
As Kissinger once said about the CIA 's betrayal of Iraqi Kurds , covert action should not be confused with missionary work .
Although 32 of the 98 recent stories on Richard Helms ( found using a google media search ) mention the term assassination , not one of these articles mentions any of the following terms that are equally relevant to CIA operations : torture , murder , arrest .
Only 4 of the 98 recent stories on Helms mention the term coup .
In one case , the article uses the term to praise Helms , saying he scored a journalistic coup when he interviewed Adolph Hitler in 1935 .
Richard Helms ' contact with Nazis did n't end there ( and probably did n't begin there either ) .
Helms went on to work closely with General Reinhard Gehlen , the notorious Nazi spymaster who was hired by US intelligence to set up an organization within the CIA .
The Gehlen Org recruited thousands of Nazi agents to run covert operations in Eastern Europe after the war .
Gehlen is , of course , not mentioned in any of recent news reports on Helms .
Neither is the fact that the OSS ( the US agency that preceded the CIA ) had a lot in common with the SS .
To both , the biggest evil in the word was summed up in one word , communism .
And to both , the elimination of communists , labour activists and other undesirable elements that got in the way of corporatism was their chief preoccupation .
Political assassination is a valuable weapon in the covert operative 's toolbox .
But it is only one tool among many .
A successful right - wing covert action not only removes the enemy 's head , it replaces the body politic .
The CIA has been organizing regime change for 50 years .
They have removed many governments that are unfriendly to US corporate interests and replaced them with regimes that are more likely to work closely and slavishly to carry out the economic and geopolitical desires of the US corporate elite .
But the CIA 's crimes do n't end when a right - wing coup has succeeded .
The CIA then has to keep its repressive despots in power in order to ensure that they can put into place and then maintain a variety of unjust economic systems and structures .
This is done with arms sales ( and outright gifts of surplus weapons ) , glowing diplomatic support , intelligence support ( sic ) and massive economic investment ( i.e. , pillaging as much profit as possible by exploiting the natural resources that drew them in there in the first place , and handing out some of the spoils to a loyal local elite ) .
When the corporate media describe the CIA 's use of political assassination as if it exists in isolation from mass imprisonment , torture and murder , they cover up the horror , pain and suffering experienced by thousands of ordinary people in countries where CIA - backed blood baths have taken place .
They neglect to reveal that when the CIA carries out its high - profile assassination efforts , they also carry out murders of thousands of lesser - known political figures .
It 's standard procedure with many coups that thousands of grassroots activists and organizers get rounded up , tortured and killed .
Such waves of mass violence make today 's serial sniper in Washington look like a Boy Scout .
The CIA has used such goons to eliminate its opponents and as a scare tactic to ensure that other citizens , who might otherwise have protested the regime change , decide instead to lay very low in order to stay alive .
An apt example of a real CIA assassination campaign was the Phoenix Program in Vietnam .
Tens of thousands of people where specifically targetted , tracked down and assassinated , many by snipers .
Although Helms held the post of Director of the CIA during the height of this mass serial assassination program , none of the 98 recent stories on Helms , found with the google search engine , even mention Phoenix .
Reliable estimates on the total number of people killed by the US in South East Asia during the Vietnam war range from three to five million people .
But , of course , there is no mention of Helms culpability in any recent corporate media articles .
they say it is taboo to speak ill of the dead , but what they do n't say is that it is even more taboo to speak ill of the CIA , or breath word that CIA directors are criminals for overseeing the deliberate murder of millions of innocent civilians .
During Helms ' tenure as director of the CIA under President Johnson , he also oversaw the secret war against Laos .
But , it was no secret for the people of Laos .
Over two million tons of bombs were dropped on this small country .
The word Laos is not mentioned in any of the 98 recent corporate media articles found by google in a search for Richard Helms .
Tio much of the world , it 's still a secret war .
Another very good example of a CIA - organized regime change was a coup in 1963 that employed political assassination , mass imprisonment , torture and murder .
This was the military coup that first brought Saddam Hussein 's beloved Ba'ath Party to power in Iraq .
At the time , Richard Helms was Director for Plans at the CIA .
That is the top CIA position responsible for covert actions , like organizing coups .
Helms served in that capacity until 1966 , when he was made Director .
In the quotations collected below , the name of the leader who was assassinated is spelled variously as Qasim , Qassim and Kassem .
But , however you spell his name , when he took power in a popularly - backed coup in 1958 , he certainly got recognized in Washington .
He carried out such anti-American and anti-corporatist policies as starting the process of nationalizing foreign oil companies in Iraq , withdrawing Iraq from the US - initiated right - wing Baghdad Pact ( which included another military - run , US - puppet state , i.e. , Pakistan ) and decriminalizing the Iraqi Communist Party .
Despite these actions , and more likely because of them , he was Iraq 's most popular leader .
He had to go !
In 1959 , there was a failed assassination attempt on Qasim .
The failed assassin was none other than a young Saddam Hussein .
In 1963 , a CIA - organized coup did successfully assassinate Qasim and Saddam 's Ba'ath Party came to power for the first time .
Saddam returned from exile in Egypt and took up the key post as head of Iraq 's secret service .
The CIA then provided the new pliant , Iraqi regime with the names of thousands of communists , and other leftist activists and organizers .
Thousands of these supporters of Qasim and his policies were soon dead in a rampage of mass murder carried out by the CIA 's close friends in Iraq .
Iraq is once again a target of US regime change .
Despite that , precious little is being said by the corporate media about how the CIA aided and abetted political assassination , regime change and mass murder , all in the name of putting Saddam 's Ba'ath power into power for the first time in Iraq .
One thing is for sure , the US will find it much harder to remove the Ba'ath Party from power in Iraq than they did putting them in power back in 1963 .
If more people knew about this diabolical history , they just might not be so inclined to trust the US in its current efforts to execute regime change in Iraq .
Here then are some quotations that I 've gathered on this fascinating early history of CIA involvement in the vicious history of regime change in Iraq :
In early 1963 , Saddam had more important things to worry about than his outstanding bill at the Andiana Cafe .
On February 8 , a military coup in Baghdad , in which the Baath Party played a leading role , overthrew Qassim .
Support for the conspirators was limited .
In the first hours of fighting , they had only nine tanks under their control .
The Baath Party had just 850 active members .
But Qassim ignored warnings about the impending coup .
What tipped the balance against him was the involvement of the United States .
He had taken Iraq out of the anti-Soviet Baghdad Pact .
In 1961 , he threatened to occupy Kuwait and nationalized part of the Iraq Petroleum Company ( IPC ) , the foreign oil consortium that exploited Iraq 's oil .
In retrospect , it was the ClAs favorite coup .
We really had the ts crossed on what was happening , James Critchfield , then head of the CIA in the Middle East , told us .
We regarded it as a great victory .
Iraqi participants later confirmed American involvement .
We came to power on a CIA train , admitted Ali Saleh Sa'adi , the Baath Party secretary general who was about to institute an unprecedented reign of terror .
CIA assistance reportedly included coordination of the coup plotters from the agency 's station inside the U.S. embassy in Baghdad as well as a clandestine radio station in Kuwait and solicitation of advice from around the Middle East on who on the left should be eliminated once the coup was successful .
To the end , Qassim retained his popularity in the streets of Baghdad .
After his execution , his sup- porters refused to believe he was dead until the coup leaders showed pictures of his bullet - riddled body on TV and in the newspapers .
Source : Alfred Mendes ,
Excerpt from Blood for Oil , Spectr@zine .
< http://www.spectrezine.org/war/Mendes.htm>
The Ba'athist coup , resulted in the return to Iraq of young fellow - Ba'athist Saddam Hussein , who had fled to Egypt after his earlier abortive attempt to assassinate Qasim .
Saddam was immediately assigned to head the Al - Jihaz al - Khas , the clandestine Ba'athist Intelligence organisation .
As such , he was soon involved in the killing of some 5,000 communists .
Saddam 's rise to power had , ironically , begun on the back of a CIA - engineered coup !
Source : From Practical History ,
London , May 2000 .
< http://www.geocities.com/CapitolHill/Senate/7672/iraq.html>
1963 : Qasim 's government is overthrown in a coup bringing the Arab nationalist Ba'ath party to power .
They favour the joining together of Iraq , Egypt and Syria in one Arab nation .
In the same year , the Ba'ath also come to power in Syria , although the Syrian and Iraqi parties subsequently split .
The Ba'ath strengthen links with the U.S. During the coup , demonstrators are mown down by tanks , initiating a period of ruthless persecution .
Up to 10,000 people are imprisoned , many are tortured .
The CIA supply intelligence to the Ba'athists on communists and radicals to be rounded up .
In addition to the 149 officially executed , about 5,000 are killed in the terror , many buried alive in mass graves .
The new government continues the war on the Kurds , bombarding them with tanks , artillery and from the air , and bulldozing villages .
Source : Muslimedia :
August 16 - 31 , 1997
< http://www.muslimedia.com/archives/features98/saddam.htm>
Iraqis have always suspected that the 1963 military coup that set Saddam Husain on the road to absolute power had been masterminded by the US Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) .
New evidence just published reveals that the agency not only engineered the putsch but also supplied the list of people to be eliminated once power was secured - - a monstrous stratagem that led to the decimation of Iraq 's professional class .
The overthrow of president Abdul Karim Kassim on February 8 , 1963 was not , of course , the first intervention in the region by the agency , but it was the bloodiest -- far bloodier than the coup it orchestrated in 1953 to restore the shah of Iran to power .
Just how gory , and how deep the CIA 's involvement in it , is demonstrated in a new book by Said Aburish , a writer on Arab political affairs .
The book , A Brutal Friendship : The West and the Arab Elite ( 1997 ) , sets out the details not only of how the CIA closely controlled the planning stages but also how it played a central role in the subsequent purge of suspected leftists after the coup .
The author reckons that 5,000 were killed , giving the names of 600 of them -- including many doctors , lawyers , teachers and professors who formed Iraq 's educated elite .
The massacre was carried out on the basis of death lists provided by the CIA .
The lists were compiled in CIA stations throughout the Middle East with the assistance of Iraqi exiles like Saddam , who was based in Egypt .
An Egyptian intelligence officer , who obtained a good deal of his information from Saddam , helped the Cairo CIA station draw up its list .
According to Aburish , however , the American agent who produced the longest list was William McHale , who operated under the cover of a news correspondent for the Beirut bureau of Time magazine .
The butchery began as soon as the lists reached Baghdad .
No -one was spared .
Even pregnant women and elderly men were killed .
Some were tortured in front of their children .
According to the author , Saddam who 'had rushed back to Iraq from exile in Cairo to join the victors , was personally involved in the torture of leftists in the separate detention centres for fellaheen [ peasants ] and the Muthaqafeen or educated classes . '
King Hussain of Jordan , who maintained close links with the CIA , says the death lists were relayed by radio to Baghdad from Kuwait , the foreign base for the Iraqi coup .
According to him , a secret radio broadcast was made from Kuwait on the day of the coup , February 8 , ' that relayed to those carrying out the coup the names and addresses of communists there , so they could be seized and executed . '
The CIA 's royal collaborator also gives an insight into how closely the Ba'athist party and American intelligence operators worked together during the planning stages .
' Many meetings were held between the Ba'ath party and American intelligence -- the most critical ones in Kuwait , ' he says .
At the time the Ba'ath party was a small nationalist movement with only 850 members .
But the CIA decided to use it because of its close relations with the army .
One of its members tried to assassinate Kassim as early as 1959 .
Saddam , then 22 , was wounded in the leg , later fleeing the country .
According to Aburish , the Ba'ath party leaders -- in return for CIA support -- agreed to ' undertake a cleansing programme to get rid of the communists and their leftist allies . '
Hani Fkaiki , a Ba'ath party leader , says that the party 's contact man who orchestrated the coup was William Lakeland , the US assistant military attache in Baghdad .
One of the coup leaders , colonel Saleh Mahdi Ammash , former Iraqi assistant military attache in Washington , was in fact arrested for being in touch with Lakeland in Baghdad .
His arrest caused the conspirators to move earlier than they had planned .
Aburish 's book shows that the Ba'ath leaders did not deny plotting with the CIA ro overthrow Kassim .
When Syrian Ba'ath party officials demanded to know why they were in cahoots with the US agency , the Iraqis tried to justify it in terms of ideology comparing their collusion to ' Lenin arriving in a German train to carry out his revolution . '
Ali Saleh , the minister of interior of the regime which had replaced Kassim , said : ' We came to power on a CIA train . '
It should not come as a surprise that the Americans were so eager to overthrow Kassim or so willing to cause such a blood bath to achieve their objective .
At the height of the cold war , they were causing similar mayhem in Latin America and Indo - China overthrowing any leaders that dared show the slighest degree of independence .
Kassim was a prime target for US aggression and arrogance .
After taking power in 1958 , he took Iraq out of the Baghdad Pact , the US - backed anti-Soviet alliance in the Middle East , and in 1961 he dared nationalise part of the concession of the British - controlled Iraq Petroleum company and resurrected a long - standing Iraqi claim to Kuwait ( the regime which succeeded him immediately dropped the claim to Kuwait ) .
But the cold war does not by itself explain Uncle Sam 's propensity to violence .
When president George Bush bombed Iraq to smithereens , killing thousands of civilians , the cold war was over .
Clinton cannot cite the cold war for insisting that the brutal regime of sanctions imposed on the country should stay .
In fact the brutal , blood - stained nature of Uncle Sam goes back all the way to the so - called ' Founding Fathers , ' who made no attempt to conceal it .
As long ago as 1818 , John Quincy Adams hailed the ' salutary efficacy ' of terror in dealing with ' mingled hordes of lawless Indians and negroes . '
He was defending Andrew Jackson 's frenzied operations in Florida which virtually wiped out the indigenous population and left the Spanish province under US control .
Thomas Jefferson and his colleagues were not above professing to be impressed by the wisdom of his words .
Source : Kryss Katsiavriades and Talaat Qureshi ,
The Acts of the Democracies : 1960 to 1964
< http://www.krysstal.com/democracy_1960to1964.html>
Kassem had helped found the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) in an attempt to curtail Western control of Arab oil .
He had been planning to nationalise the Iraq Petroleum Company in which the USA had an interest .
Iraq had also disapproved when Kuwait had been given independence by the UK with a pro-west emir ( king ) and oil concessions to Western companies .
A few days before the coup , the French newspaper La Monde had reported that Kassem had been warned by the USA government to change his country 's economic policies or face sanctions .
British government papers later declassified would indicate that the coup was backed by the USA and UK .
The new government promises not to nationalise American oil interests and renounces its claim to Kuwait .
The USA recognises and praises the new government .
Source : Gareth Smyth ,
In the Middle East , the CIA has hurt its friends and helped its own enemies .
< http://www.mafhoum.com/press2/cia276_files/home_files/azpolitics_03.htm>
A history of twists and turns , with the CIA often as a blunt axe , have made it very difficult for the United States to be seen as a reliable , or even honest , presence in the Middle East .
The resentment is not confined to Arabs .
Nine years ago , Massoud Barzani , who has rarely ever traveled away from Kurdistan , agreed to visit Washington with a deputation of the opposition Iraqi National Congress ( INC ) .
Massoud , used to the traditional baggy trousers and cummerbund , looked uncomfortable in an Armani suit at receptions , but the INC was keen to create the right impression with senators and opinion - formers .
Nonetheless , Massoud refused an invitation to visit Henry Kissinger .
Despite all the compromises of Kurdish politics , Massoud had never forgiven the former secretary of state for engineering the 1975 Algiers agreement between Iraq and Iran , when the two sides suddenly settled long - standing differences and felt free to deal with their internal problems , including the Kurds .
Algiers came just two years after Massoud went to Washington to meet Richard Helms , the CIA director , and Al Haig , the White House chief of staff a meeting that led to both CIA and Israeli advisers moving into northern Iraq to help the Kurds .
Algiers left the Kurds high and dry , ending a generation of Kurdish revolt led by Massoud 's father , Mulla Mustafa , whose broken heart sent him into exile and an early death .
Even if those in Washington forgot quickly , Massoud did not .
The relationship between the CIA and Saddam Hussein is a long one .
In 1963 , the Americans plotted with the Ba'ath against Abdel Karim Kassem , a man who , in the words of the writer Said Aburish , retains more of the affection of the Iraqi people than any leader this century .
The CIA supplied lists for the Ba'ath to kill leftists and communists , and Washington flew arms to Kirkuk to use against the Kurds .
In Aburish 's biography of the Iraqi leader , the author quotes many anti-Saddam Iraqis including Ahmad Chalabi , leader of the INC on CIA cooperation with the second Ba'ath coup in 1968 .
Later , in the 1980s , the United States and Britain helped arm Saddam in his confrontation with Iran only to turn against him over the 1990 Kuwait crisis .
When in 1991 the Iraqi people rose against Saddam , the United States was fearful that change would put its majority Shi'ites and thus Iran in power , and US forces stood by as the Republican Guard crushed the rebellion .
The CIA then worked on sponsoring a coup in Baghdad , a strategy that crumbled in 1996 when Iraqi intelligence infiltrated a conspiracy led by the ex-Ba'athist Iyad Alawi .
Having rounded up hundreds of officers , the mukhabarat sent a message to the CIA team in Amman :
We have arrested all your people .
You might as well pack up and go home .
The CIA 's half - hearted support for the INC also ended in 1996 , when Saddam exploited Kurdish in - fighting to crush an INC presence in the Kurdish - controlled zone in the north .
As Iraqi tanks moved in , the CIA fled and left the INC people to their fate .
Washington washed its hands of the affair , and Chalabi noted that CIA officials are not known for their veracity .
Source : Ruth Wilson ,
American Policy in Iraq
< http://www.speakeasy.org/wfp/37/american.html>
In 1963 , Saddam Hussein worked with the CIA to carry out the coup by the Baath party , which eventually brought him to power in Iraq .
The book , A Brutal Friendship : The West and the Arab Elite by Said K. Aburish , which was reviewed recently in Counterpunch ( The CIA : Lest We Forget , CounterPunch . Sept.16-30 1997 , p.2 ) , describes how the CIA , Saddam and other members of the Baath party collaborated to bring about the coup , murdering perhaps 5,000 people in the process .
The United States went on to help Saddam win the Iran - Iraq war in the 1980s .
According to Noam Chomsky ,
There were no passionate calls for a military strike after Saddam 's gassing of Kurds at Halabja in March , 1988 ; on the contrary , the US and U.K. extended their strong support for the mass murderer , then , also ' our kind of guy ' ( Iraq and the UN Sanctions , The Economist , Nov.19 1994 , p.47 )
Source : Stephen R. Shalom
Middle East Time Line ( revised , 12 Dec. 2001 )
< http://csf.colorado.edu/forums/pfvs/2001IV/msg01736.html>
1963 : U.S. supports coup by Iraqi Ba'ath party ( soon to be headed by Saddam Hussein ) and reportedly gives them names of communists to murder , which they do with vigor .
Andrew Cockburn and Patrick Cockburn , Out of the Ashes : The Resurrection of Saddam Hussein , New York : Harperperennial .
1999 , p. 74 ; Edith and E. F. Penrose , Iraq : International Relations and National Development , Boulder : Westview , 1978 , p. 288 ; Hanna Batatu , The Old Social Classes and the Revolutionary Movements of Iraq , Princeton : Princeton UP , 1978 , pp. 985-86
Source : Thomas Powers ,
The Man Who Kept The Secrets : Richard Helms and the CIA , 1979 , pp. 160-164 .
It is astonishing how many tough - minded men in American government have been convinced by the regular spiel that the CIA has a deeprooted antipathy to proposals for political murder .
A witness to still another episode of the sort was Armin Meyer , a career diplomat with a long history in the Near East going back to the Office of War Information , a kind of offshoot of the OSS , during World War II .
In July 1958 , when the government of Iraq was overthrown in a coup notable for its violence , Meyer was deputy director of the State Department 's Office of Near Eastern Affairs .
The following year he was promoted to director and as such was called in whenever the CIA contemplated covert operations in Iraq .
The new ruler of the country was an army general named Abdul Karim Kassem , who had murdered his predecessors as well as a number of foreigners who happened to be in Baghdad at the time of his coup .
On top of that , he immediately restored diplomatic relations with the Soviet Union , later lifted a ban on the Iraqi Communist party while suppressing pro-Western parties , and in many other ways invited the hostility of Eisenhower and John Foster Dulles .
On one occasion during Armin Meyer 's tenure as director of the Office of Near Eastern Affairs , he attended a meeting in Allen Dulles 's office at the CIA to discuss how the United States might remove Kassem .
Meyer had attended many such meetings ; they were a routine of government ; but this one stuck in his mind .
During the meeting one of those present suggested that Kassem was the problem , and maybe the best way to get rid of him was to get rid of him .
Wait a minute , Dulles said .
An awful silence followed .
Dulles was a man of great personal authority , and his words on this occasion had a cold and deliberate emphasis which Meyer never forgot .
Dulles wanted one thing to be understood : it is not in the American character to assassinate opponents ; murder was not to be discussed in his office , now or ever again ; he did not ever want to hear another such suggestion by a servant of the United States government ; that is not the way Americans do things .
Dulles was so clear on this point , and spoke with such evident passion and conviction , that Meyer simply could not understand how Dulles ever could have been party to an assassination plot no matter who gave the orders .
Meyer knew what was in the Church Committee 's reports , but he simply did not believe it , there must be some error , it was beyond Meyer 's capacity to conceive that he could have been mistaken on this point , Dulles had left no room for doubt : he would not be a party to assassination .
The regular spiel
...
The message to McNamara , and to us , ought to be loud and clear : assassination was too sensitive a matter to be discussed in official meetings or to be recorded in official memos and minutes .
What those high officials who received the regular spiel failed to comprehend was the degree of secrecy which surrounded any matter as explosive as assassination .
Armin Meyer , for example , was convinced by Dulles 's version of the regular spiel that he would never be a party to assassination .
He knew what was in the Church Committee 's Assassination Report roughly knew , that is ; he had not actually read it but he could n't square what he'd heard with what he thought he knew .
If he had read the report , the whole report , and most particularly the long footnote on page 181 , he would have known that Dulles 's solemn disapproval was in truth nothing more than the regular spiel .
In February 1960 , while the government was trying to decide what to do about General Kassem , the chief of the DDP's Near East Division proposed that Kassem be incapacitated with a poisoned handkerchief prepared by the DDP 's Technical Services Division .
In April the proposal was supported by the DDP's Chief of Operations , Richard Helms , who endorsed Kassem 's incapacitation as highly desirable .
Meyer would further have known that Bisseil did not act in such matters without Dulles 's approval , and that Bissell was convinced he could hardly have made this point any clearer to the Church Committee that Dulles would not have proceeded without an order from the only man with the authority to okay an attempt on a foreign leader 's life .
In this instance the handkerchief was duly dispatched to Kassem , but whether or not it ever reached him , it certainly did not kill him .
His own countrymen did that on February 8 , 1963 , by executing him before a firing squad on live television in Baghdad .
What Livingston Merchant , Armin Meyer , Robert McNamara , and others failed to understand was that official meetings in the office of the Director of the CIA , or of the Secretary of State , or of the Special Group , were hardly the place to discuss something that was really secret .
From the CIA 's point of view the Secretary of State 's office was about as secure as the floor of Congress with a full press gallery .
It you were going to plan an assassination in the Secretary of State 's office , or record the discussion in the minutes , you might as well send a press release to the New York Times .
Eisenhower and Kennedy went after two enemies in particular in the years between 1959 and 1963 Lumumba in the Congo and Castro in Cuba but when they gave the job to the CIA they expected secrecy , and that is what they got .
Chinese state security police have arrested one of the country ’s most prominent civil rights activists , Hu Jia .
In a video diary , he recorded life under house arrest – and round - the - clock surveillance – with his wife , Zeng Jinyan
Finally , your mind - exploding , breakdown - inducing struggle to keep your houseplants watered regularly is getting a little help .
A group called Botanicalls has come up with a method to monitor your plants remotely , then be Twittered when they need some water .
Taking a slightly different direction than the Thirsty Light , the system is based around the popular ( and versatile ) Arduino board , which is combined with a DIY moisture sensor , and a small piece of code that will alert you when your greenery is starting to need a drink .
Look , we 'll be honest with you : it 's a pretty complicated process to go through just to figure out when your plants need water , but if you 're as serious about flora as we think you are , this will be a dream come true .
[ Via Make
Imagine a sustainable building system that requires only the skills of a potter to complete .
A basic earthen structure is formed and finished by traditional clay - firing processes .
This remarkable building process culminates in baking every room from the inside , for up to an entire day at up to 1,000 degrees Celsius .
The end product is vernacular yet avante garde , traditional but sustainable .
Essentially , the various bricks that compose a building created by using this Geltaftan system are fused into a solid whole after being assembled .
The firing process is essentially the same as that which is used in a kiln to finish pottery .
Interior furniture ( tables , benches and so on ) can be fired with the building .
The Iranian architect who developed this process first created buildings in Iran but now teaches others who wish to learn his methods in the United States .
The result is inexpensive , durable and homey .
Modifications to the process have been developed to improve the resistance to weather , seismic and other natural forces .
This process is particularly applicable in desert landscapes where thick packed - Earth structures can reduce internal heat gain during the day and heat loss and night and where land is more abundant than stone , trees or other building materials .
My first day in Hell is drawing to a close .
They do n’t really have a sunset here , but the fires seem to dim a bit , and the screaming gets more subdued .
Most of the demons are asleep now , their pointy tails curled up around them .
They look so innocent , it ’s hard to believe that just a few hours ago they were raping and torturing us .
The day started off at a party at the Chelsea Hotel , where some friends were daring me to do something .
The next thing I knew , I was in Hell .
At first , it seemed like a dream , but then I remembered that five - Martini dreams are usually a lot worse .
There ’s a kind of customs station when you arrive here , where a skeleton in a black robe checks a big book to make sure your name ’s there .
And as he slowly scans the pages with his bony finger you ca n’t help thinking , Why does a skeleton need a robe ?
Especially since it ’s so hot .
That ’s the first thing you notice about Hell , how hot it is .
I know it ’s a cliché , but it ’s true .
Fortunately , it ’s a steamy , sulfury kind of hot .
Like a spa or something .
You might think that people in Hell are all nude .
But that ’s a myth .
You wear what you were last wearing on earth .
For instance , I am dressed like the German U - boat captain in the movie “ Das Boot , ” because that ’s what I wore to the party .
It ’s an easy costume , because all you really need is the hat .
The bad part is , people are always asking you who you are , even in Hell .
Come on !
“ Das Boot ” !
The food here turns out to be surprisingly good .
The trouble is , just about all of it is poisoned .
So a few minutes after you finish eating you ’re doubled over in agony .
The weird thing is , as soon as you recover you ’re ready to dig in all over again .
Despite the tasty food and warm weather , there ’s a dark side to Hell .
For one thing , it ’s totally disorganized .
That anything gets done down here is a miracle .
You ’ll be herded along in one big line , then it ’ll separate into three lines , then the lines will all come back together again !
For no apparent reason !
It ’s crazy .
You try to ask a demon a question , but he just looks at you .
I do n’t mean to sound prejudiced , but you wonder if they even speak English .
To relieve the boredom , you can throw rocks at other people in line .
They just think it was a demon .
But I discovered the hard way that the demons do n’t like it when they ’re beating someone and you join in .
It ’s odd , but Hell can be a lonely place , even with so many people around .
They all seem caught up in their own little worlds , running to and fro , wailing and tearing at their hair .
You try to make conversation , but you can tell they ’re not listening .
A malaise set in within a couple hours of my arriving .
I thought getting a job might help .
It turns out I have a lot of relatives in Hell , and , using connections , I became the assistant to a demon who pulls people ’s teeth out .
It was n’t actually a job , more of an internship .
But I was eager .
And at first it was kind of interesting .
After a while , though , you start asking yourself :
Is this what I came to Hell for , to hand different kinds of pliers to a demon ?
I started wondering if I should even have come to Hell at all .
Maybe I should have lived my life differently , and gone to Heaven instead .
I decided I had to get away — the endless lines , the senseless whipping , the forced sing - alongs .
You get tired of trying to explain that you ’ve already been branded , or that something that big wo n’t fit in your ear , even with a hammer .
I wandered off .
I needed some me time .
I came to a cave and went inside .
Maybe I would find a place to meditate , or some gold nuggets .
That ’s when it happened , one of those moments which could only happen in Hell .
I saw Satan .
Some people have been in Hell for hundreds of years and have never seen Satan , but there he was : he was shorter than I thought he ’d be , but he looked pretty good .
He was standing on a big rock with his reading glasses on .
I think he was practicing a speech .
“ Hey , Satan , ” I yelled out , “ how ’s it going ? ” I was immediately set upon by demons .
I ca n’t begin to describe the tortures they inflicted on me , because apparently they are trade secrets .
Suffice it to say that , even as you endure all the pain , you find yourself thinking , Wow , how did they think of that ?
My stitches are a little itchy , but at least the demons sewed most of my parts back on .
More important , my faith in Hell as an exciting place where anything can happen has been restored .
I had better get some rest .
They say the bees will be out soon and that it ’s hard to sleep with the constant stinging .
I lost my internship , but I was told I can reapply in a hundred years .
Meanwhile , I ’ve been assigned to a construction crew .
Tomorrow we ’re supposed to build a huge monolith , then take picks and shovels and tear it down , then beat each other to death .
It sounds pointless to me , but what do I know .
I ’m new here . ♦
A " sold " sign lies on the ground in an undated file photo .
An estate agent who took a prospective buyer to view a house in central England found the owner hanging dead in a closet , the agency said on Thursday .
REUTERS / File
LONDON ( Reuters ) -
An estate agent who took a prospective buyer to view a house in central England found the owner hanging dead in a closet , the agency said Thursday .
It was the first viewing of the 350,000 - pound ( $ 700,000 ) house which had been on the market for a week .
The owner was hanging from a belt inside a walk - in closet in the main bedroom .
“ It was quite a shock , ” said a spokesman for estate agents Hartleys .
“ Our agent quickly ushered everyone out , locked the property and called the authorities . ”
The owner , a single man in his 40s , is thought to have committed suicide .
He inherited the house from his mother who died recently , the estate agents said .
It 's humbling to see the gaps in my perl knowledge .
I got three right , two wrong , and in the first example I had answered something different , do n't know if you 'd count that as right or wrong .
Reveal this spoiler or all in this thread
I think your answer is correct .
My own answer looks at it from the perspective of where you might notice a difference in a real program .
I think your explanation says more about how that difference arises ( i.e. , how it all works ) .
I 'd decline any job offered by an organisation that asked these questions .
The first couple were OK , but after that , you 're just trying to catch the applicant out with trick questions involving code that they'd be sacked for if they used it in production code .
I 'd leave the interview with the impression that you 're just trying to show the others on the interview panel how much better you were than the applicants
I 'd decline any job offered by an organisation that asked these questions .
Mmmm .. and they 'd probably be OK with that , because how you answer the answer ( or walk out of the room ) is part of your answer .
An interview happens on many levels -- there 's the basic , " Hi , How are you , ... " level , there 's the technical level , and there 's also the meta - technical level .
For me , the meta - technical level is the most interesting -- sure , you know how something clever works , but can you explain it to someone so that they understand ?
And why was it necessary to do it that way ?
Can you explain your thought processes out loud as you go , so that your interviewers ' get ' how you approach a problem ?
( In my most recent interview , I proposed a solution to a regex problem , was asked to explain it , started my first sentence , said out loud -- " Wait -- that wo n't work " , paused , then proposed a second , different solution .
Apparently , that approach works . )
This meta - behavior also helps them understand how you may well behave when you get stressed our doing too many things --
My response used to be to bark at people ( do n't get into that habit -- it upsets them ) , but now I look them in the eye and say " I'm in the middle of an emergency right now -- is your problem more urgent ? " and wait for them to explain .
I make a point to follow up a few minutes later , once my emergency is over , and deal with their emergency .
The first couple were OK , but after that , you 're just trying to catch the applicant out with trick questions involving code that they'd be sacked for if they used it in production code .
I really do n't think anyone gets the boot as a result of a code review .
It has to be a combination of many factors , all pointing to the breakdown of the employer / employee relationship .
There should n't be any ' tricks ' involved in interviews -- it 's an exploration into whether there 's a the basis for a good relationship , based on mutual compatibility .
But if someone has ( unwisely ) labeled themselves as a ' Perl guru ' , I guess they should expect a few of these tough questions .
Alex / talexb / Toronto " Groklaw is the open - source mentality applied to legal research " ~ Linus Torvalds
Did you read the whole post ?
In the interview , the questions were posed as starting points for discussion , not as a pass / fail trick quiz .
And that completely changes how I for one react to them .
I 'd say there are plenty of valid reasons for finding out what a candidate thinks about code like these examples !
My reaction to an interview along these lines would be : Answer the questions .
Discuss why tricky code like that is bad , how I would refactor it , when and why I might choose to document rather than refactor , and the value of coding standards in preventing such code being written in the first place .
I 'd make my decision on whether it was a place I wanted to work based on how the discussion went , not the questions themselves ; and I 'd hope the interviewer would judge me likewise .
I would be worried about hiring anyone for a perl job where at least some specific perl questions like this were not asked .
Consider :
1 ) perl gives you enough rope to " hang yourself from several trees while blowing your own foot off with it "
2 ) for those who can swim to the surface of programming language agnosticism , there 's a justifiable reason for perl having the stereotype of being a " write once language " -- it 's called the swiss army chainsaw for good reason .
3 ) in the real world , that of businesses , deadlines , changing requirements and general idiocy will force all of us at some point down the slippery slope of committing bad code , designs or architecture decisions , so at least try to minimize these flaws as an act of charity towards the poor sap who will end up maintaining your code .
A good perl programmer should be aware of a small handful of " bad perl idioms " and related gotchas , or at the very least be aware of the the dichotomy between perl 's blessing and curse : the flexibility of the language comes with a cost -- you have to be careful with what you do or you can hang yourself with bad code .
( Of course this is countered by the rewards gained by the smart use of tricks in the language . )
Someone who would walk obviously is n't interested in any of the above , and I 'd also think twice about taking on a developer who is n't generally interested in puzzles related to programming languages themselves .
Regardless of whether the function returns a list or an array ...
Can you show an example of a function that returns an array ?
( Not an array reference . )
sub function { return ' an array ' ; } [ download ]
Cheers - L~R
Can you show an example of a function that returns an array ?
While you have n't said so , I 'm guessing that what you have on your mind is something like what you said in Re^4 : returning tied array , which is to say :
You can only return scalars and lists and ( nothing ) from subroutines .
You can't return arrays or hashes directly , only as lists or references .
I suspect this statement is more meaningful to perl programmers than to Perl programmers .
I have n't read perlguts , let alone perl source , but I 'm guessing that under the covers somewhere , in the sea of C , it 's really true that nothing can escape a sub besides a scalar , a list , or Nothing .
That having been said , please consider : sub get_list { return ( 4 , 5 , 6 ) ; } sub get_array { @x = ( 4 , 5 , 6 ) ; return @x ; } [ download ] get_list and get_array return the same collection of values in different ways .
They do different things in scalar context .
This is why I think there 's a difference between returning a list and returning an array — they behave differently .
One might say that they both do the same thing in scalar context — return a scalar ( neither list , nor array ) .
I think these points of view are looking at the sub from different sides of the return .
This is the difference between " imply " and " infer " .
It 's the difference between what one says and what another hears .
It 's the difference between expression and interpretation .
If I scream " value " into the Void , have I still said something ?
I think one could correctly say that sub { @_ } returns an array .
It always returns an array regardless of context .
Its caller may receive from it a scalar or a list or Nothing , depending on the context it provides , but what the sub itself does is the same every time .
I have in my head a call like this : ... = get_stuff ( ) ; [ download ]
Inside get_stuff somewhere there 's a return with some " stuff " after it .
I 'm guessing that perl takes that " stuff " and turns it into something that makes sense to whatever " ... " is , and it does that before the " stuff " gets out of get_stuff .
So what actually comes out of the sub can only be a scalar , a list , or Nothing .
I could conceive of it being implemented differently .
It could pass out of the sub whatever the sub " said " it wanted to return , and then coerce it into the appropriate type once it got there .
If that were the case , would we still say that subs can only return scalars , lists , or Nothing ?
Would they really behave any differently ?
More to the point , how is any of this distinction relevant to Perl programmers ?
I think one could correctly say that sub { @_ } returns an array .
It always returns an array regardless of context .
Try pushing on to the " array " returned from your sub then : sub return_array { @_ } my $ new_count = push ( return_array ( qw ( foo bar ) ) ) , ' baz ' ; [ download ]
( There 's an even subtler trick related to a fundamental truth about the semantics of Perl 5 in that example , which I only realized after I chose it . )
I 'm guessing that under the covers somewhere , in the sea of C , it 's really true that nothing can escape a sub besides a scalar , a list , or Nothing .
The implementation is what it is to support the semantics of Perl - with - an - uppercase - P.
I 'm not interested in an ontological debate as to which came first , but the internals could change if p5 p decided that these language semantics needed to change .
More to the point , how is any of this distinction relevant to Perl programmers ?
I find that correctly understanding the semantics of a programming language has a positive effect on the quality and correctness of code written in that language .
This reads to me like it is motivated by the all - too - common and deceptively flawed meme of " an array in scalar context gives its size while a list in scalar context returns its last element " .
I 've seen that used to justify so very many flawed conclusions .
You can also use it to make flawed justifications to quite a few " correct " conclusions , but that just demonstrates how the flaws in that meme are deceptive ( which is probably part of why it is still " all too common " ) .
The subroutine does / not / return an array that then decides to give its size when it finds itself in a scalar context .
There are many other ways that thinking " this sub returns an array " will mislead people .
So it is better to divorce yourself from both of these flawed ways of thinking about context in Perl .
And , no , my objections are not based on some secret knowledge on how Perl works internally .
They are based on repeatedly seeing people make mistakes about how Perl scripts would behave based on these ideas .
There are lots of cases where these ideas give the right answer .
But the cases where they lead to the wrong answers are surely more important .
- tye
Some notes below your chosen depth have not been shown here
Some notes below your chosen depth have not been shown here
if someone gets them wrong , however , you can't tell whether they know Perl well or not I 'd say the first two are important to know .
The next two fall into the " I would n't do that , therefore that code is suspect .
I 'm not sure what it does , but documentation needs to be added to explain what it 's doing and / or it needs to be refactored . "
The last one is just plain unimportant .
The code dies quite loudly and reproduceably .
A better discussion would be how to fix it .
I 'm quite surprised .
I used ActivePerl 5.6.0 back then , but I do n't think that the distribution would make any difference .
Maybe I 'm just mixing this up with something closely related .
perl561delta agrees with me though that ...
Reveal this spoiler or all in this thread Could you provide B:: Deparse output of your code for 5.6.0 and 5.6.1 ?
B:: Deparse had plenty issues of its own back then , but it will probably be interesting .
lodin
Hey , that was fun !
5 out of 6 ( the last one tripped me up ) .
My explanations were n't as in depth as yours , but I feel my interpretation of the end result justified a correct answer .
I do n't think I would have done near as well last year at this time .
Thanks Monks !
Now , do I get the job ? ;)
No , really , I need the work .
Do I get the job ?
I hate these type of technical questions ...
I find they are just dumb !
If I could recite ' PI ' to the X decimal points is that a good measure of my mathematical abilities ?
If I am a Spelling Bee champion would this indicate my abilities to write better than other people ?
NO !
There is more important skills than knowing the subtle differences between coding implementations ( this is especially true when you have an interpreter to check your work ) .
What makes a good programmer ?
How about , Can they write understandable code
Can they abstract code to make it readable ?
Are their coding behaviors consistent ?
To me these are harder to evaluate but drastically more important .
It is amazing the number of problems you can avoid with a good approach .
A deep knowledge of a languages quirks and behaviors will not take you very far .
I have had horrible interviews with people that decide that knowing this intimate behavior is considered a sign of a good programmer .
These people also end up writing 600 line while ( ) loops .
that no one can understand .
So I have little respect for individuals who rely upon these sort of evaluations .
Personally , I like to hire the type of person who finds these types of quiz to be fun .
It does n't matter if they know the answer , it 's the attitude that matters .
A person who loves programming sufficiently to care about these irrelevancies is likely to be a good programmer .
The sort of person who views such questions as being about right and wrong answers is probably not an " - Ofun " type of person .
The best way to determine a person 's attitude towards this type of quiz is to ask a couple of questions .
The ideal candidate will probably have one or two of their own to throw back at me .
At that point the interview becomes fun , because I know I 'm going to recommend to hire .
-- Dave
Opinions my own ; statements of fact may be in error .
I rarely found these types of question fun , your right the attitude matters , but the people who use these questions are not looking for a good programmer , they are looking for a technical programmer which is not the same thing .
It is easier to identify a persons technical attributes than there qualities as a good programmer .
Take this example object ; package Foo : : Bar ; sub new { my $ class = shift ; my %args = @_ ; my $ self = {} ; bless $ self , $ class ; $ self - > {_name} = $ args{name} if $ args{name} ; return $ self ; } sub name { my $ self = shift ; return $ self -> {_name} ; } [ download ]
This is the implementation of the object .
my $ bar = Foo : : Bar -> new ( name => ' Bob Lambert ' ) ; print " Name of my object " . $ bar - > name . "
" ; # method call print " Name from my hash " . $ bar -> {_name} . "
" ; # hash key [ download ]
Can you see the problem ?
Technically they are both correct , but one of these basically creates havoc that cannot be overcome by intimate knowledge of the language .
The print statements display the same value because they access the same data .
The call to access the data directly via the hash reference forces it to be a static implementation .
It creates maintenance headaches and you cannot update your object without breaking code .
Focusing on technical trivia is not a replacement for development / design process .
Update : I did sloppy work on my object code ( pointed out by shmem and I fixed it to reflect the problems he pointed out )
Some notes below your chosen depth have not been shown here
I always feel bad putting a candidate on the spot with " tricky " questions , but on the other hand I want to give exceptional candidates a chance to stand out .
I have a favorite question which lets me sneak some advanced stuff in while not putting unfair pressure on non-advanced candidates :
Take a look at the following short snippet of code .
There are some problems with it .
Can you point out the problems and explain them ?
I include syntax errors , programming logic errors , some really bad style elements and a couple of debatable style problems .
Some of them are really obvious , but others are very subtle .
It gives the good communicators a chance to show how well they can explain things , and the knowledgeable Perl programmers a chance to show off .
At the same time it does n't put anyone on the defensive , because there are a few easy - to - spot errors .
Another open - ended , conversation - starting question I like : write ( or describe how you would write ) code that performs some specified task , without using particular perl operators or functions .
I asked one question like this during our last round of interviews -- manipulate a given array without using for / foreach / while / until -- and was pleasantly surprised to get several different correct answers .
When I wrote the question , the keyword I was fishing for was " map " , because a lot of beginners seem intimidated by it or completely unaware of it .
Joe
... but on the other hand I want to give exceptional candidates a chance to stand out .
This reminds me of an assessment technique I faced in high school once .
A teacher from another school would come to the student and begin asking questions .
At first , they were simple , and they 'd gradually become more difficult .
Once the teacher found the student 's limit , the teacher would walk the questions back again .
From the student 's perspective , only one or two questions were too hard to answer , and they got to finish well .
I could see using this method for technical assessment , but I 'd have to have more questions available than I 'd normally use .
I 've had the " write code that does ... " questions in interviews , and I 've enjoyed them .
I really like the code review method that you present also .
Thanks for your comments .
I 've had the " write code that does ... " questions in interviews , and I 've enjoyed them .
Personally I 've been through one interview with " write code that does ... " and I really disliked it .
But in part that was due to the fact that I was given a pen and paper ( yep , pen , no erasing here ) .
I do n't write code on paper .
I was able to get a snippet of code that would work , but I write slowly -- especially if I 'm trying to write legibly .
So the whole thing made me uneasy and very self - conscious for the rest of the interview .
If I 'd been given a computer to type up the code ( even a computer with nothing but Notepad ) it would have alleviated a lot of anxiety .
But maybe that 's just me .
Fine questions , but they 'll only tell you if someone is technically proficient .
That 's useful information but in my experience it's not nearly as important as whether the person is a good learner and cares about their work .
I 'd take a dedicated beginner over a careless guru any day .
I still do n't know how to interview for these qualities , but I wish I did !
- sam
I bet a lot of people would respond that it would print three lines with formatted dates 1970 - 01-01 with slightly different times .
Hmm - because it does .
Did you add that .'' on purpose ?
Rather than just asking the candidate a few questions , I prefer to give them a task and a set time to do it in .
The tasks that we use here ( obviously I can't tell you what they are ) test that he has sufficient clue about data structures , algorithms , and the language .
We do * not* expect anyone to finish any of them , but can get a great deal of information by seeing how far they got and how they approached the problem .
The code they write can often lead to some quite interesting discussions .
If and when you do that , always give the candidate a collection of language reference - texts or free - access to a web equivalent .
Be sure to emphasize to them that they are free to use any of those sources entirely without penalty .
If they feel that they can't do the exercise and instead want to explain to you the approach that they would take , let them do it ... without penalty nor prejudice .
A good coder is fine , but a good conceptual designer who can present his or her thoughts and ideas to you in a cohesive and understandable way is infinitely better .
Another approach is to present a candidate with a block of code and ask them to explain , in their own words , what it 's doing and perhaps what its data - structures look like .
Ask them if they might have any comments or suggestions about the code .
The code that you select for such a purpose should be the clearest , least - obscure code that you can find .
During all the community - college courses I have ever taught , students were allowed to have a hand - prepared “ cheat sheet ” with them during the exams .
They turned - in a copy of those cheat - sheets with the exam .
You could see their depth - of - understanding from the way in which they prepared that material , and I notice that the very best sheets were rarely used during the test .
Another important courtesy that I suggest , in these days of e-mail , is to send the candidate a detailed description of exactly what you intend for them to do during the interview .
Consider sending them a preliminary e-mailed interview , not from Brain - whoeveritis , asking them to return their responses via reply .
I 'd have no problem at all telling anyone generally “ what they are , ” since each ‘ exam ’ when I actually sent it out would be unique .
I 'm not trying to test a candidate 's ability to react to surprises , and I do n't want to re-create grammar school with all of its anxieties .
Oh absolutely .
They have the interweb , CPAN , all the man pages , and any books that we have in the office .
We tell them in advance that there will be a programming test , but * not * what it will be .
We give them an hour and a half to get as close to solving our chosen problem as they can .
Giving them , say , six hours , or a day , would make it a lot harder for us to tell the excellent candidates from the merely good .
I think that I , too , would join the “ walk out of the room ” group .
The mere fact that I was being asked such questions would tell me a great deal about the organization , including the fact that I would not want to work there .
I 've been programming for ... well , for a very long time now ... and “ picking up a new language ” is frankly the work of a long weekend , at most .
The task of understanding an obscure language - construct is the work of fifteen - minutes on Google .
... but the experience that enables me to know not to write such code in the first place , and to know to be repelled by it and to eliminate it ( like kudzu ) wherever it may be found , has taken ... well , a very long time .
Therefore , I frankly do not want to work for an organization that prizes its developers ' knowledge of arcane language - lore .
I do n't want to have to deal with their code - base or with the rash of avoidable bugs that I know it will contain .
I do n't want to plunge into a nest of competing egoes , because in such a nest there will be neither partnership nor communication .
This will not be “ a healthy place to work . ”
Instead , it will be a constantly - abrasive one that will grind you down , and life 's too short for that .
The best thing to do with such places ( and they are legion ... ) is to avoid them at all costs .
The questions that you are asked during even the very first stages of the hiring process will tell you a great deal about what that organization values , what qualities it holds in high esteem , and how it defines its worth within the business organization in which it is situated .
A company 's interview process is a bright window straight into the personality and temperament of a fairly high - level manager whom you may never get to meet .
They will reveal the organization 's confidence ( or lack thereof ) in itself , and may illuminate the nature of the political image - battles which the organization fights .
I say again : interview questions are a magic mirror .
A workgroup that peppers its candidates with obscure questions lacks confidence in itself , and therefore will lack confidence in you even if your name is Larry Wall .
A workgroup that asks how you feel about teamwork and long - hours is n't a cohesive and well - managed team and pays for it with long hours .
Per contra , a workgroup that talks about company - paid employee training early in the interview process is probably a well - run group that is on top of its game ( as it should be ) , and confident - enough about staying there to pay attention to its members ' professional growth and personal well - being .
Your reactions to being asked such questions will likewise tell you a lot about yourself .
If you find that you have a visceral negative - reaction to it , do not ignore your ‘ gut , ’ no matter how badly you ( think that you ) want the job !
It 's tough to walk away from an interview , much less a firm offer , especially when you do n't have another offer in - the - wings .
But sometimes that 's what you have to do .
You want to “ get to the ‘ yes , ’ ” but it must be the right “ yes , ’ and the right one might not be the first one .
If you are not satisfied with your job right now ... if it did not turn out to be what you expected it to be ... then unfortunately , you made a poor selection , too .
From the perspective of an interviewer , a big problem is that it 's much easier for a candidate to BS you with a hand waving design issue than with raw code .
You can hide a lot of ignorance behind an insistence on big - picture design issues .
If I have 45 minutes ( max 1 hour ) with a candidate then it is worthwhile spending one or two minutes checking the fundamentals using this style of questions .
I sometimes compare this focus on fundamentals to the game of Go : strong players have a very strong sense of " direction of play " ( i.e. strategy ) , but the way to get strong is to study life &death problems , and tesuji : the intricate tactical issues that weaker players ignore in favor of " power " moves ( which work only against similarly weak players )
Of course , it depends on the resume .
If you say " Perl expert " , then I consider the questions fair : you should at least be able to get the answers wrong .
If instead you claim " Ruby expert " then I would n't ask the same questions : I 'd probe more for the ability to pick up new languages ( hopefully such a candidate would know more than one , so I could find some common basis ) .
-- Dave
Opinions my own ; statements of fact may be in error .
And how exactly does the interviewer know that your years of experience translates into skill ?
Given your years of experience , I 'm sure you 've met other developers who , even though they have many years under their belt , could hardly barely write a " hello world " program .
Simply put , testing helps find out if the candidate is fibbing about their skills or not .
And yes , a lot of people lie ( or exaggerate if you wanna be nice about it ) .
I know that a fair number of candidates are fibbing lying about their past experience .
They have to , as long as gatekeepers filter - out resumes based on the field - names they put into a “ skills ” array and the numeric value of that field .
The best solution that I have found for this phenomenon is to talk about soft skills in the job - requisition , and hope that enough of it makes it through the HR - gauntlet to be useful .
Describe what the candidate will be responsible for , not in programming - terms but instead in business - terms .
A problem that you will very - frequently encounter is that candidates simply do n't have “ business ” skills to begin with .
Nothing in their formal education ( that they might well have spent tens of thousands of dollars for ) has prepared them for this .
So they have studied “ wrenches ” for years , and they 've maybe even torn - apart and rebuilt an engine , but if you make the mistake of asking them an abstract question you get a blank stare .
But when I 'm interviewing , it 's those abstract questions that I want to get answers to .
One of my favorites : “ In your opinion , what makes a Truly Great piece of software , and why ? ”
Notice that there is no right answer .
That throws a lot of people ...
I wish it did n't , and I do n't mean for it to .
It 's another chapter of the story of folks who get out of school with a perfectly - honed ability to take tests , and no practical knowledge whatever .
That 's a failing of our educational and training system , not of those people .
Let me put it this way : “ around here , we do n't ‘ write programs in Perl . ’
Well , that 's what we Little - D - Do .
What we Big - D - Do is to build solutions to business problems for people who , quite frankly , do n't want to give a damm about computers except to use them .
We intend for them to find that our solutions are technically flawless ( “ but of course ” ) ... and to find that our solutions are great . ”
I 'll omit all mention of what programming languages we are using , if I can .
The folks who do n't particularly care what language we 're using are the ones I want to talk to .
The ones who know how to design - and - build Great Software ... in anything .
It can , of course , be problematic to get these things through “ the HR gauntlet , ” and yet you have to work with these guys and do things their way , because they 're the ones who make it their business to keep you from getting sued .
“ Hell hath no fury like a lover loser - candidate spurned ... ”
I WAS vain .
That ’s the only way I can explain why I willingly let a doctor cut my corneas with a laser : vanity .
Little did I know when I chose Lasik surgery that I would not end up satisfied like the friends and acquaintances who raved about their post - glasses existence .
Instead , my days are complicated , since I am dealing with side effects that are far more bothersome than being unfashionably four - eyed .
I had been wearing eyeglasses since I was 8 , and I was tired of never seeing the stars without glare , of not being able to go rock - climbing unless I secured my glasses .
Not to mention the horn - rimmed barrier between me and a date .
I had trouble figuring out which side of a contact lens to stick onto my eye , so I never really gave contacts a chance .
Неизвестная китайская компания выпустила мобильный телефон , который претендует на звание самого долгоработающего мобильного телефона .
Время работы аппарата с говорящим названием LionKing800 составляет 365 дней в режиме ожидания и 3 - 5 дней в режиме разговора .
Аппарат обязан своему долгожительству по-настоящему мощной аккумуляторной батарее емкость ю
16,800 м А / ч.
В большинстве современных телефонов емкость батарей почти в полтора десятка раз меньше .
Моноблок LionKing800 оборудован сенсорным экраном с диагональю 3.5 дюйма и разрешением 320 х 240 точек , модулем Bluetooth 2.0 , слотом расширения для карт памяти microSD , двумя VGA - камерами , двумя слотами для SIM - карт и четырьмя динамиками .
Стоимость LionKing800 с картой памяти на 256 Мб и дополнительным аккумулятором составляет всег о $ 145 .
К сожалению , информации о достоверности впечатляющих характеристик LionKing800 пока нет .
Технические характеристики LionKing800 :
Is a Bush preemptive strike on Iran ’s nuclear enrichment plant at Natanz , or on the al - Quds force of the Revolutionary Guard , a more remote possibility today than it was several weeks ago ?
So it would seem .
The latest indication is a candid interview in the Financial Times with Adm.
William “ Fox ” Fallon , head of Central Command , who would be the Tommy Franks of any naval or air war on Iran .
“ The Pentagon is not preparing a preemptive attack on Iran in spite of an increase in bellicose rhetoric from Washington , according to senior officers , ” concluded the FT in the lead of its story .
Dealing with Iran is a “ challenge , ” a strike is not “ in the offing , ” Fallon is quoted .
His comments , said the Times , “ served as a shot across the bows of hawks who argue for imminent action . ”
“ [ G]enerally , the bellicose comments ” out of Washington “ are not particularly helpful , ” said our CentCom commander .
That is naval gunfire directed right across the bow of the West Wing .
For the ranking man in Washington said to be arguing loudest for imminent action is Dick Cheney .
And the most “ bellicose comments ” about Iran coming out of Washington have come from George W. Bush .
Here , again , is Bush at the American Legion Convention :
“ Iran is the world ’s leading state sponsor of terrorism .
Iran funds terrorist groups like Hamas and the Palestinian Islamic Jihad , which murder the innocent and target Israel .
Iran is sending arms to the Taliban .
Iran ’s active pursuit of technology that could lead to nuclear weapons threatens to put a region already known for instability and violence under the shadow of a nuclear holocaust . ”
Last month , Bush ventured further , “ [ I ] f you ’re interested in avoiding World War III , it seems like you ought to be interested in preventing them [ Iran ] from having the knowledge necessary to make a nuclear weapon . ”
If terms like “ nuclear holocaust ” and “ World War III ” are not “ bellicose rhetoric , ” what is ?
Why might the administration be backing away from war on Iran ?
First , Pakistan .
With a nation of 170 million with nuclear weapons in a political crisis that could lead to civil war , igniting a war with Iran would seem suicidal  especially with the war in Iraq about to enter its sixth year this spring and the war in Afghanistan about to enter its seventh year next month .
Second , there is no guarantee U.S. air strikes could denuclearize Iran , except temporarily .
Bombs cannot destroy knowledge .
And Iran has been gaining knowledge for years on how to enrich uranium .
Moreover , Iran has surely secreted away many of the centrifuges it has constructed , far from the Natanz plant  ground zero  where 2,000 or 3,000 are said to be operating .
Third , no one can predict where an attack on Iran will lead .
While the United States could smash all known nuclear facilities , Iran could ship IEDs , sniper rifles , and surface - to - air missiles into Afghanistan and Iraq , and send in thousands of Revolutionary Guard and cause chaos in the Gulf that would double or treble the price of oil , setting off a worldwide recession .
Sleeper cells could retaliate for Iranian casualties with suicide bombings at U.S. malls .
We went into Iraq and Afghanistan without an exit strategy .
In Iran , other than the naval and air strikes of the first weeks , we do not know how or where the war would go .
We do know the Iranians have been preparing surprises .
Fourth , Congress seems to have found its voice , and 30 senators have written to inform President Bush that he does not have the authority , absent an Iranian attack on U.S. forces , to launch a war on Iran .
While Rudy Giuliani and John McCain remain hawkish , the Democratic candidates are moving in the other direction .
Fifth , there has been a downturn in roadside attacks on U.S. forces in Iraq , suggesting Iran may no longer be supplying the enhanced IEDs .
And U.S. forces have released several Iranians held captive in Iraq .
There may be progress behind the scenes , as both countries could suffer horribly in a war .
We are not out of the woods yet .
If Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is telling the truth about those 3,000 centrifuges working perfectly , Iran could have the nuclear material for a single bomb in a year .
The International Atomic Energy Agency reports this month on whether Iran is meeting its commitments to come clean .
It is not .
And the European Union will report on whether the sanctions have succeeded , or failed .
And the latter is the case .
And there are those in Tehran who would relish U.S. strikes , to unite the nation against us and consolidate the mullahs ’ power .
Nevertheless , the forces against war now and for negotiations with Tehran  Condi Rice , Robert Gates , the Pentagon brass , the most outspoken of the retired military , and NATO Europe  seem to be gaining the ascendancy in the last great battle of the Bush presidency .
And the War Party , which began its propaganda offensive around Labor Day , seems to have shot its bolt .
For now .
Abstract
This article investigates the internal governance institutions of violent criminal enterprise by examining the law , economics , and organization of pirates .
To effectively organize their banditry , pirates required mechanisms to prevent internal predation , minimize crew conflict , and maximize piratical profit .
Pirates devised two institutions for this purpose .
First , I analyze the system of piratical checks and balances crews used to constrain captain predation .
Second , I examine how pirates used democratic constitutions to minimize conflict and create piratical law and order .
Pirate governance created sufficient order and cooperation to make pirates one of the most sophisticated and successful criminal organizations in history .
Earlier this week , I pointed to reports that John Lennon 's widow , Yoko Ono , was said to be planning legal action against with a young singer - songwriter named Lennon Murphy , who sought to trademark the name of her band , " Lennon . "
Ms. Ono tells Boing Boing today that the reports ( from Fox , NME , TMZ , and others ) she was suing Ms. Murphy are untrue — she just did n't want Murphy to seek an exclusive trademark on " Lennon . "
Yoko Ono ( yes , really ) writes :
Dear Xeni , A musician named Lennon Murphy is claiming that Yoko Ono has sued her and that Yoko is seeking to stop Lennon Murphy from performing under her name , Lennon Murphy .
Both of these claims are untrue .
Several years ago , Lennon Murphy sought Yoko 's permission to do her performances under her name , Lennon Murphy .
Yoko , of course , did not object to her request .
Subsequently , without Yoko 's knowledge , Lennon Murphy filed an application in the United States trademark Office requesting the exclusive right to utilize the name " Lennon " for musical performances .
Yoko 's attorneys asked Lennon Murphy 's attorneys and manager to withdraw her registration of exclusivity to the name LENNON for the trademark .
Yoko also offered to cover all costs Lennon Murphy had incurred in filing for the trademark .
But Lennon Murphy went ahead to register .
Yoko did not sue Lennon Murphy , but sought to stop her from getting the exclusive right to the name Lennon for performance purposes .
For that , Yoko 's attorneys , simply notified the Trademark office that Yoko did not believe it was fair that Ms. Murphy be granted the exclusive right to the " Lennon " trademark in relation to musical and entertainment services .
As you can see , this is a very important issue for Yoko and the Lennon family .
Yoko says : " I am really hurt if people thought that I told a young artist to not use her own name in her performances and had sought to sue her .
I did no such thing .
I hope this allegation will be cleared . "
Thank you for your kind attention ,
Yoko
Image : via Wikipedia .
Update : Comment of the day , in the related BB comments thread , by " tensegrity " :
Teaching Patience
Parents today want their children to have more than what they had , yet parents often neglect to give their children what they had .
For instance , todays generation of children typically have their own private bedrooms with a television , their own toys , their own cell phone , their own computer , and eventually when they are old enough even a car .
As a result of all of these things , children do not appreciate these gifts as much as previous generations did .
Furthermore , children are often more than just spoiled , because all of these items give immediate self gratification when they really wanted some attention .
Eventually , children require these immediate distractions in order to combat their boredom , thus kids develop shorter attention spans with little patience .
The obvious question that you may be asking is probably this :
If patience is a virtue , then why dont parents teach it ?
In todays society , it is far easier to distract children , than it is to teach personal development skills .
For instance , parents can too easily purchase a new toy or turn on the television for their children than it is to stimulate and equip their childrens natural sense of curiosity .
This curiosity will lead their children through self learning whereby they would slowly learn the rewards of hard work and patience .
Basically , the easiest method for parents to teach patience to their children is by not buying them things , but by giving their children an opportunity to investigate and learn about these they are interested in .
Using this method , parents can eventually teach their children the same hard lessons that they painfully learned too .
by Phil for Humanity
on 02/24/2008 Related Articles
» All Children are Geniuses
» Social Epidemic of Bad Manners and Disrespect
» Selecting a College Major
Not only the French .
Much of the fervid absorption in the primaries and caucuses  accessible as never before on 24 - hour satellite and cable television channels like CNN and Fox News  seems inspired by a hope that the American electoral process will end an era of foreign policy dominance by neoconservatives .
“ There is a desperate sense of need that there must be something better than Bush out there , ” said Dean Godson , head of a conservative research group in London called Policy Exchange .
Or , as Thomas Valasek , a spokesman for the Center for European Reform in London , put it : “ The world at large has a massive stake in the outcome of the elections .
Never before has the U.S. had such a terrible reputation , a terrible image . ”
It is , perhaps , too early to guess what specific changes Europeans and other non-Americans expect from a new government .
Many of America ’s Asian trading partners worry about what they see as Democratic proclivities toward economic protectionism and stricter targets on greenhouse gas emissions .
But there are broader concerns .
As Ramesh Thakur , a political science professor in India , wrote : “ We foreigners can but pray that the new president , whoever he or she may be , will return America to its strengths , values and the tradition of exporting hope and other optimism .
And so help to lift America and the world up , not tear one another down . ”
In Japan , too , there are hopes for American renewal .
“ Already the fixed idea , ‘ Only a white man can become president , ’ has been broken , ” the newspaper Mainichi Shimbun said Jan. 15 .
“ We are witnessing the history , the process of grass - roots democracy turning into the U.S. strength . ”
Israelis , for their part , seem to look at the elections through the narrower prism of their own security , and many seem to have concluded that Mrs. Clinton would be the best American president for Israel  a calculation bolstered by familiarity with her husband .
By contrast , said Oz Katz , 29 , an Israeli graduate student in public policy , Mr. Obama “ is not really known to us . ”
There is deep interest in the campaign in the West African nation of Senegal , fueled in large part by a dislike of President Bush and a hope that a new president will be more open to immigration and less hostile to Islam .
Former vice - presidential candidate and Hillary Clinton fundraiser Geraldine Ferraro sparked the latest storm in the Democratic presidential race today when she raised questions about Barack Obama 's race , saying he has only been successful because he is a black man .
Obama 's senior strategist David Axelrod called on the Clinton organisation to sack Ferraro from her position , saying Clinton should better " police the tone of this campaign " .
" Leadership in campaigns comes from the very top , " he said .
" The signals that have been sent from the Clinton campaign have been really unfortunate . "
Ferraro , who ran for vice - president on Walter Mondale 's ill - fated 1984 ticket , told a California newspaper , " If Obama was a white man , he would not be in this position " .
She continued , " And if he was a woman ... he would not be in this position .
He happens to be very lucky to be who he is .
And the country is caught up in the concept " .
Ferraro implied that a woman of any racial background would face similar problems as Clinton has .
The Obama camp immediately jumped on the comments , demanding the Clinton campaign repudiate the remarks .
According to CNN Obama 's foreign policy adviser , Susan Rice , said : " I think if Senator Clinton is serious about putting an end to statements that have racial implications … then she ought to repudiate this comment . "
The furore erupted as voters in Mississippi lined up at the polls to cast primary votes Tuesday .
Mississippi , which will award 33 delegates based on Tuesday 's vote , is predicted to go Obama 's way .
The Illinois senator has won a number of southern states , notably excepting Clinton 's former home , Arkansas , where her husband Bill was governor .
The latest row in the increasingly heated and contest comes after Obama 's foreign policy adviser , Samantha Power , was forced to resign after calling Clinton a " monster " in an interview with The Scotsman .
Obama 's race has crept into the national dialogue despite the Illinois senator 's efforts to portray himself as post-racial .
As the two camps battled earlier this year , former president Bill Clinton compared Obama to Jesse Jackson , a Chicago minister , civil rights leader and former presidential candidate .
The move was deemed an effort to belittle Obama as a " black " candidate who would n't appeal to white voters .
More recently , Pennsylvania governor Ed Rendell , an outspoken Clinton
backer , said conservative in his state , who go to the polls April 22 ,
were n't ready to elect a black candidate .
Joseph DiSarro , a political scientist at Washington & Jefferson College in Washington , Pennsylvania , predicted Rendell 's comments would backfire by angering white voters who are not prejudiced .
" That 's going to cost Hillary votes , " DiSarro said .
" There are going to be a lot of white voters who will be offended by that . "
Obama 's ethnic background - his father was Kenyan , and his middle name is Hussein - has become fodder for his opponents , mostly on the right .
Initially , slurs accusing Obama of being a secret Muslim or a Manchurian candidate of sorts were found largely to the Internet .
But this week Iowa congressman Steve King , a Republican , said if Obama wins the White House , " the radical Islamists , the al - Qaida and the radical Islamist and their supporters will be dancing in the streets in greater numbers than they did on September 11th , because they will declare victory in this war on terror " .
Although black voters have turned out en masse to vote for Obama and played a large roll in his southern victories , Obama 's skin colour has not hindered him in mostly white states .
On Saturday , for instance , he won Wyoming , which is 95 % white , by 23 points .
Meanwhile , House speaker Nancy Pelosi , a California Democrat , dismissed the notion of a joint Clinton - Obama ticket as " impossible " – no matter who ends up winning the nomination .
In what appears to be a barb aimed at the Clinton camp , Pelosi , who has not publicly endorsed either candidate , told CNN : " I think that the Clinton administration has fairly ruled that out by proclaiming that Senator McCain would be a better commander - in - chief than Obama . "
She explained her blunt assessment that a joint ticket would be impossible , by saying : " I wanted to be sure I did n't leave any ambiguity . "
Outline :
Email claims that an attached photograph shows airman John Gebhardt holding a little Iraqi girl who was injured by insurgents .
Status :
True
Example :
Subject : FW : Should be headline news
This needs to make headline news … not some of the other junk that makes the news these days !!!
It ’s a tough , but heartwarming story … with a picture of John Gebhardt in Iraq John Gebhardt ’s wife , Mindy , said that this little girl ’s entire family was executed .
The insurgents intended to execute the little girl also , and shot her in the head … but they failed to kill her .
She was cared for in John ’s hospital and is healing up , but continues to cry and moan .
The nurses said John is the only one who seems to calm her down , so John has spent the last four nights holding her while they both slept in that chair .
The girl is coming along with her healing .
He is a real Star of the war , and represents what the Western world is trying to do .
This , my friends , is worth sharing with the WORLD !
Go for it !!
You ’ll never see things like this in the news .
Please keep this going .
Nothing will happen if you do n’t , but the public needs to see pictures like this and needs to realize that we ’re making a difference .
Even if it is just one little girl at a time .
Detailed Analysis :
Some photographs tell a story all by themselves .
This moving , and somehow peaceful , photograph of a sleeping airman cradling an injured child is certainly one of them .
And , for once , the textual explanation that accompanies the photograph contains accurate information .
The photograph shows Chief Master Sgt. John Gebhardt with an injured Iraqi child during a deployment to Balad Air Base in Iraq during October 2006 .
An article about John on the Air Force Link website notes :
The young infant had received extensive gunshot injuries to her head when insurgents attacked her family killing both of her parents and many of her siblings .
The chief had a knack for comforting her and they often would catch a cat nap together in a chair .
Now , he is back at home in Wichita , Kan. , with his wife , Mindy .
They have a warm , hospitable home five minutes away from McConnell Air Force Base .
His son Ryan , 25 , and daughter Amber , 23 , have long since outgrown being cradled and he said he thought about them constantly while he held the Iraqi child .
“ I got as much enjoyment out of it as the baby did , ” he said .
“ I reflected on my own family and life and thought about how lucky I have been . ”
The photograph generated a lot of attention when it first began circulating back in 2006 .
It is perhaps an indication of the photograph ’s simple but powerful symbolism that it continues to circulate more than a year later .
References
Humble chief gains national attention
John Gebhardt Holding Injured Baby in Iraq was last modified : by
Related
Remember all of those stories about Google passing symbolic share price milestones such as $ 600 and $ 700 ?
At its peak in November , Google was trading at $ 747.27 / share , carrying a market value of more than $ 234 billion .
How times have changed .
Three months later , Google sits around $ 450 / share , and has lost nearly $ 100 billion in market value .
Today , shares are down another 7 % , on word from comScore that the amount of Google ads that users are clicking fell 7 % from December to January .
In addition to the decline in paid clicks , I ’ve heard several arguments both on the financial news networks and on various blogs as to why Google is tanking .
For one , there ’s the idea that as the economy cools , people are going to be spending less , and hence , clicking fewer ads .
There ’s also the lingering concern that Google has lost focus , expanding into areas like mobile and trans - pacific cable ( there ’s also the somewhat hypocritical argument that Google has no real revenue streams other than paid clicks ) .
Personally , I ’d also argue that the quality of ads has gone down through the years , as complex search marketing and affiliate programs buy an increasing amount of space in search results , hence making it harder to find the best places to shop .
In the past , I ’d often find the ads more valuable than the search results for certain queries ; this has definitely not been the case in the last year or two , at least in my experience .
Now it ’s your turn to be the analyst .
Today ’s poll :
By BETH HALE
Last updated at 10:23 08 February 2008
A father - of - three who was found with a microscopic speck of cannabis stuck to the bottom of one of his shoes has been sentenced to four years in a Dubai prison .
Keith Brown , a council youth development officer , was travelling through the United Arab Emirates on his way back to England when he was stopped as he walked through Dubai 's main airport .
A search by customs officials uncovered a speck of cannabis weighing just 0.003g - so small it would be invisible to the naked eye and weighing less than a grain of sugar - on the tread of one of his shoes .
Dubai International Airport is a major hub for the Middle East and thousands of Britons pass through it every year to holiday in the glamorous beach and shopping haven .
But many of those tourists and business travellers are likely to be unaware of the strict zero - tolerance drugs policy in the UAE .
One man has even been jailed for possession of three poppy seeds left over from a bread roll he ate at Heathrow Airport .
Painkiller codeine is also banned .
If suspicious of a traveller , customs officials can use high - tech equipment to uncover even the slightest trace of drugs .
Mr Brown was detained and arrested in September last year and has been held in a cell with three other men in the city prison ever since .
This week the youth worker , who has two young children and a partner at home in Smethwick , West Midlands , was sentenced to four years in prison .
A 25 - year - old Briton who was found with a similar speck in one pocket as he arrived on holiday has been awaiting sentence since November .
Meanwhile a Big Brother TV executive has so far been held without charge for five days after being arrested for possessing the health supplement melatonin .
The authorities claim to have discovered 0.01g of hashish in his luggage .
Last night Mr Brown 's brother Lee said his case " defied belief " .
" For that sort of amount common sense should prevail , from where it was found it was obviously something that had been crushed on the floor - it could have come from anywhere . "
Rastafarian Mr Brown had been returning from a short trip to Ethiopia , where one of his children lives and where he owns property .
He was travelling with his partner Imani , who was also stopped and detained for more than a week .
Normally he flew direct to and from the UK , but decided to stop off in Dubai .
" He was incensed when he called me , " said driving instructor Lee , 57 .
" It would be funny if the circumstances were n't so unpleasant .
" Bugs are crawling out of his mattress when he 's sleeping .
His family are frantic with worry and can't call him . "
Last night campaign group Fair Trials International advised visitors to Dubai and Abu Dhabi to " take extreme caution " .
Chief Executive Catherine Wolthuizen said : " We have seen a steep increase in such cases over the last 18 months .
" Customs authorities are using highly sensitive new equipment to conduct extremely thorough searches on travellers and if they find any amount - no matter how minute - it will be enough to attract a mandatory four - year prison sentence . "
Mrs Wolthuizen added : " We even have reports of the imprisonment of a Swiss man for ' possession ' of three poppy seeds on his clothing after he ate a bread roll at Heathrow .
" What many travellers may not realise is that they can be deemed to be in possession of such banned substances if they can be detected in their urine or bloodstream , or even in tiny , trace amounts on their person . "
Only two months after Mr Brown was stopped economics graduate Robert Dalton was detained in almost identical circumstances .
Mr Dalton , from Gravesend , on Kent was with two friends when he was stopped and asked to empty his pockets .
Officials found 0.03g of cannabis in a small amount of fluff .
He is currently on trial and if convicted , is likely receive a four - year prison sentence .
Last night his brother Peter , 26 , told how it took 24 hours to find out why he had been stopped .
" As we understand , the amount of cannabis was barely visible to the human eye and was at the bottom of the pocket of an old pair of jeans .
" He 's not a drug user , but he goes clubbing and the speck was so small . "
Last week Cat Le-Huy , a London - based German national , was arrested on arrival at the airport .
Mr Le-Huy , 31 , head of technology with Big Brother production company Endemol , was arrested on suspicion of possessing illegal drugs after customs officers found melatonin , a health supplement used for jet lag available over the counter both in Dubai and in the US .
Authorities also claim they discovered fragments in one of his bags which they believe to be hashish .
Fair Trials International said the amount was 0.01g .
Entdecken Sie die Möglichkeiten
Dubai muss man mit eigenen Augen gesehen haben .
Unsere Stadt lockt mit einer rekordverdächtigen Architekturlandschaft , einer malerischen Küste und einem vielseitigen Unterhaltungsangebot für Gäste jeden Alters .
Sind Sie bereit ?
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Bear Stearns Cos Inc BSC.N Chairman Jimmy Cayne was playing cards in a tournament late last week while his company 's future appeared to be at risk , according a published report .
As the bank hammered out an emergency funding deal on Thursday with the Federal Reserve and JPMorgan Chase JPM.N , which resulted in Bear 's shares falling by as much as half , Cayne was playing in the North American Bridge Championship in Detroit , The Wall Street Journal reported on its Web site on Friday .
Cayne , who in January stepped down as Bear Stearns ’ long - time chief executive , is no stranger to controversy about his hobbies .
Last year he was criticized for spending too much time playing bridge and golf while Bear stumbled on wrong - way bets on subprime mortgages .
Cayne played cards last week during a period in which Bear Stearns CEO Alan Schwartz held conference calls with directors about the pending cash pledge , the newspaper said , although Cayne participated in at least some of the dialogue .
The Wall Street Journal said Cayne did not respond to a request for comment that it left at his New York office .
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
Paul McGuinness , longtime manager of rock band U2 , gave a speech earlier this week that made me sit up and shake my head in disbelief .
McGuinness called on ISPs to institute user disconnection policies that would be enforceable by governments .
I am a huge fan of U2 — I even once flew to Ireland for the sole purpose of seeing one of their shows — but their manager needs to go back to managing the band and not speak on issues of which he has no understanding or credibility .
During the speech , delivered Monday at the MIDEM music conference in Cannes , France , McGuinness employed several analogies in an effort to place blame on ISPs and Internet technology for recording artists losing royalties via illegal downloads .
His proposed solution is to implement an ill - conceived policy that is nearly impossible to enforce , similar to the one introduced late last year by the conference ’s host country .
I acknowledge that there are global trends changing the face of the music industry , among them the way in which artists are paid royalties .
Further , I absolutely agree with McGuinness ’ main point : Money needs to flow to artists for their creations in a legal manner .
Yet while I am clearly not an expert on the music industry and its associated royalty structures ( perhaps I understand this even less than McGuinness understands the Internet ) , blaming the Internet and its related technologies for the disruption of royalty payments seems patently ludicrous .
The Internet is infrastructure and technology used for a multitude of global purposes , not something devised to take royalty money away from recording artists .
To use an analogy that McGuinness may understand , if the Internet is to blame for people performing illegal music downloads and stealing royalties from artists , then the civil engineers and construction workers that design and build roads are responsible for all global car thefts .
After all , the roads transport the thieves , right ?
Which brings me to another reason as to why the policy that McGuinness presents is ill - conceived .
Are the civil engineers and construction workers that design and build roads also destined to police them ?
I assume the architects and builders have the police in mind when they build the roads and in many instances consciously add features to help law enforcement ( shoulders , turnouts , turnarounds , etc. ) , but they are not the ones handing out traffic violations and confiscating cars .
Likewise , many ISPs design and build their infrastructures and make technology choices that to allow them to monitor their users and even aid law enforcement when required .
So why should ISPs be forced to be police officers ?
Next , let us imagine that ISPs do implement a government - supported disconnection policy based on McGuinness ’ suggestion .
Enforcement of this policy would be difficult if not impossible .
In many locations around the globe there are multiple companies offering Internet connectivity to individuals via connectivity options that include DSL , cable , cellular , wireless and so forth .
Even in locations where a local PTT or government dominates the Internet infrastructure there is competition -– with the notable exception of regions where civil liberties do not exist .
Thus , in many regions of the world the only way I can conceive of McGuinness ’ policy being enforced is via a global “ No - Bits List . ”
It would be akin to the FAA “ No - Fly List , ” would be adopted by ISPs around the world and would ban users that download music illegally from all Internet connectivity .
Needless to say , there are lots of technical , political and social issues with this concept that need to be explored and considered .
I wholeheartedly agree that the illegal downloading of music is hurting the music industry and that the artists deserve payment for their work .
But a governmental policy that forces ISPs to police their own infrastructure is a horribly bad idea that places blame in the wrong place and is next to impossible to implement .
Next time I am at a U2 concert ( assuming I am still allowed to attend ) , I hope to see McGuinness dancing in the wings while working his magic managing the band and their music .
I wo n’t even mind if he ’s wirelessly surfing the Internet at the same time .
Pre computer calculations of π
3
088
3
2
2
Circles are to one another as the squares on their diameters .
Computer calculations of π
Mathematician Date Places
Type of computer Ferguson Jan 1947 710 Desk calculator Ferguson , Wrench Sept 1947 808 Desk calculator Smith , Wrench 1949 1120 Desk calculator Reitwiesner et al. 1949 2037 ENIAC
Nicholson , Jeenel 1954 3092 NORAC Felton 1957 7480 PEGASUS
Genuys Jan 1958 10000 IBM 704 Felton May 1958 10021 PEGASUS Guilloud 1959 16167 IBM 704 Shanks , Wrench 1961 100265 IBM 7090 Guilloud , Filliatre 1966 250000 IBM 7030 Guilloud , Dichampt 1967 500000 CDC 6600 Guilloud , Bouyer 1973 1001250 CDC 7600 Miyoshi , Kanada 1981 2000036 FACOM M- 200 Guilloud 1982 2000050 Tamura 1982 2097144 MELCOM 900 II Tamura , Kanada 1982 4194288 HITACHI M- 280 H Tamura , Kanada 1982 8388576 HITACHI M- 280 H Kanada , Yoshino , Tamura 1982 16777206 HITACHI M- 280 H Ushiro , Kanada Oct 1983 10013395 HITACHI S- 810 / 20 Gosper Oct 1985 17526200 SYMBOLICS
3670 Bailey Jan 1986 29360111 CRAY - 2 Kanada , Tamura Sept 1986 33554414 HITACHI
S- 810 / 20 Kanada , Tamura Oct 1986 67108839 HITACHI S- 810 / 20 Kanada , Tamura , Kubo Jan 1987 134217700 NEC SX - 2 Kanada , Tamura Jan 1988 201326551 HITACHI
S- 820 / 80 Chudnovskys May 1989 480000000 Chudnovskys June 1989 525229270 Kanada , Tamura July 1989 536870898 Chudnovskys Aug 1989 1011196691 Kanada , Tamura Nov 1989 1073741799 Chudnovskys Aug 1991 2260000000 Chudnovskys May 1994 4044000000 Kanada , Tamura June 1995 3221225466 Kanada Aug 1995 4294967286 Kanada Oct 1995 6442450938 Kanada , Takahashi Aug 1997 51539600000 HITACHI SR 2201 Kanada , Takahashi Sept 1999 206158430000 HITACHI SR 8000
1996
n n n
n − 1 n - 1 n − 1
n n n
1997
.
In early work it was not known that the ratio of the area of a circle to the square of its radius and the ratio of the circumference to the diameter are the same .
Some early texts use different approximations for these two " different " constants .
For example , in the Indian text thethe ratio for the area is given aswhile the ratio for the circumference is given as Euclid gives in the PropositionHe makes no attempt to calculate the ratio ..
Calculating π to many decimal places was used as a test for new computers in the early days ..
There is an algorithm by Bailey , Borwein and Plouffe , published in , which allows theth hexadecimal digit of π to be computed without the preceedingdigits ..
Plouffe discovered a new algorithm to compute theth digit of π in any base in
This post is a follow - on from my post last week Fermenting the Food Supply .
I 've been investigating biofuel and food issues further , in an effort to clarify the issues raised there .
I 'll begin by briefly summarizing the argument of last week 's piece :
The total biofuel equivalent of the entire world food supply is a small fraction of the world liquid fuel supply ,
Biofuel production is taking a rapidly expanding share of the ( potential ) food supply .
The share in the US is higher than globally , but in both cases production is growing at around 25 % / year .
In the US , biofuel production has become highly profitable at times in the last few years , and would have been profitable even without subsidies part of the time ; the profits are what have fueled the growth .
If biofuel growth continues at the present rate for even a few more years , it will sharply affect the food supply ( it already has had material effects ) .
Demand for fuel in developed countries appears to be much less elastic than demand for food in poor counties , raising the specter of a significant fraction of the world 's population being unable to afford a minimal diet in the face of competition from the world 's drivers .
Nate emails to point out that corn prices went up about 10 % last week .
So I guess it was good trading advice this time , at least .
However , I found my conclusions of last week very depressing and so I have been doing my best to falsify them .
I have found at least some good news ( " good " by the abysmal standards of last week 's post , at any rate ) .
The portion of that post that I was most uncertain of was the connection between food prices and the impact on the global poor .
I made a very simple argument based on the global income distribution , and the elasticity of demand for both food ( in poor countries ) versus fuel ( in rich countries ) .
However , there are several complicating factors here - many people in poor countries are subsistence farmers , and some poor economies are not really connected to the global commodity markets .
So this raises the question - how do death rates in poor countries really respond to global commodity markets ?
One way to explore this is to look at the global food crisis of the early 1970s .
This was a major crisis , triggered by high commodity prices , where there were fears of mass starvation .
As Time Magazine put it in a 1974 article :
Nearly half a billion people are suffering from some form of hunger ; 10,000 of them die of starvation each week in Africa , Asia and Latin America .
There are all too familiar severe shortages of food in the sub-Saharan Sahelian countries of Chad , Gambia , Mali , Mauritania , Senegal , Upper Volta and Niger ; also in Ethiopia , northeastern Brazil , India and Bangladesh .
India alone needs 8 to 10 million tons of food this year from outside sources , or else as many as 30 million people might starve .
Only slightly less serious are the situations in Honduras , Burma , Burundi , Rwanda , the Sudan and Yemen .
Additionally , poor harvests threaten food supplies in Nepal , Somalia , Tanzania , Zambia and even the Philippines and Mexico .
In Haiti , because of disregard for soil conservation , hundreds of thousands of subsistence farmers face starvation .
Whole families are often so hungry that they do not wait for mangoes to ripen ; they boil the green fruit and eat it .
Some of the broader dangers were cited recently by Norman Borlaug , winner of the 1970 Nobel Peace Prize for his development of wheat strains essential for the famed Green Revolution .
" You cannot have political stability based on empty stomachs and poverty , " he warned .
" When I see food lines in developing countries , I know that those governments are under pressure and are in danger of falling . "
Shortages or high prices of food have already contributed to the toppling of governments in Ethiopia , Niger and Thailand .
Food riots have become commonplace in vast sections of Bangladesh and India .
" In the worst - affected areas , gruel kitchens have been opened that provide a watery mess of broken wheat , fragments of pumpkin and lentils , " reports TIME New Delhi Correspondent James Shepherd .
" Queues of several hundred emaciated people at each kitchen get what is often no more than a quarter - pound of the gruel , and sometimes that is shared among six people .
In one village , a shame faced elder confessed that Hindus were violating the ban on eating cows and were consuming dead cattle and buffaloes .
' What else can we do ? ' he implored pathetically . "
Even the beggars of Calcutta are better off than the estimated 15 million people now starving in West Bengal .
" In the Kutch district of drought - stricken Gujarat , " adds Shepherd , " peasants patiently wait for dogs and vultures to finish picking at the carcasses of dead cattle .
The hungry gather up the bones and sell them to mills where they are made into bone dust , a kind of fertilizer . "
In Bangladesh , there are barely rations to provide even gruel for the starving in Dacca 's crowded refugee camps .
Children are so emaciated — their flesh clinging to their brittle bones — that they almost look like deformed infants .
Shortages of vitamin A , iron and iodine in India and Bangladesh are increasing the incidence — especially among the young — of goiter , blindness and cretinism .
The causes of the food crisis are discussed in The Word Food Crisis , Periodic or Perpetual , by Dale Hathaway of the International Food Policy Research Institute .
In general , the world did not do badly in keeping up with the increase in demand from 1950 to 1970 .
World food output increased 0.75 percent per capita per year , and in the developed countries about 1.5 percent .
But , this was not enough .
The FAO estimated that in 1974 at least 400 million persons were suffering from malnutrition , if not starvation .
But , though not good enough to prevent widespread malnutrition in some developing countries , world production growth kept pace with world consumption increases until 1970 .
The first trouble started with the corn blight in the United States in 1970 , but the United States had huge stocks of grain to meet the deficit between production and consumption .
In 1972 , the weather was adverse simultaneously in the Soviet Union , Asia , and Africa , and world grain production dropped nearly 40 million metric tons , compared to an increase of 85 million tons the previous year and an average increase of 28 million tons per year over the previous decade .
As a result of this decline , and the Russian decision to purchase from U.S. markets - a decision abetted by our unsound export subsidies and lack of export monitoring , world stocks , which had largely been held by the United States , plummeted .
By the beginning of 1973 , grain stocks were down to 10 percent of annual consumption , and prices began to rise , sharply in the United States and wildly in some of the food - deficit developing countries .
In 1973 , world production recovered , with over half the increase in the United States and the USSR ; but still output did not exceed consumption , and stocks were not rebuilt .
Then , in 1974 , world output declined again , by over 50 million tons , with the decline largely in the United States and the USSR .
By the time of the World Food Conference , grain prices were at record levels .
The United States had de facto export controls , and there were no significant reserve stocks in the non-Communist world .
The developing countries , buffeted by high fuel prices , fertilizer shortages , and inadequate grain supplies , were frightened and rightfully so .
Some , like India and Bangladesh , faced severe shortages , if not starvation .
India and several other countries used precious foreign exchange to buy high - priced food grains , thereby setting back their development plans for years .
Concessionary food aid , which had been ample when food was available and low - priced , was sharply reduced , and the largest source of such aid - the United States - refused to commit itself to increasing its food aid in late 1974 when it appeared most needed .
Ok - enough words .
How much did food prices go up , and how many people died as a result ?
I had some trouble finding long - term price series for agricultural commodities ( the USDA numbers online do n't seem to go back before 1975 ) .
However , I did find at the St Louis Fed , the producer price index for crude food / feed quantities , which ought to give us some kind of reasonable cross section of agricultural commodities .
I took the ratio of it to the CPI - U ( consumer price index for all items consumed by urban consumers ) to look at how food prices were changing relative to just general price inflation .
That graph looks like this :
Ratio of crude food / feed producer price index to all US consumer prices , Jan 1969 - Dec 2007 .
Source : St Louis Fed .
As you can see , in 1973 food commodity prices increased by over 60 % in a very short time .
The initial spike only lasted a month or two , before prices began coming down , remaining at 10 - 20 % above the level of 1972 prices for nine years .
( Clearly duration of the spike matters a lot , since the longer someone goes with inadequate food , the more perilous their condition is going to become ) .
Since that time , food commodity prices have been generally getting cheaper , bottoming out in the early 2000s at only 50 % of the 1972 levels .
This presumably explains much of why the global population has been getting better fed , as well as why farmers have been suffering in recent decades .
In the last few years , this average has started to rise again , but has not risen anywhere near as much as cereal prices ( at least , not yet ) .
For another viewpoint , I found this graph of long - term corn prices .
Annual price of corn in 1994 dollars , 1956 - 1994 ( red ) .
Source : Ontario Corn Producers Association .
This suggests a somewhat longer shock in corn prices than average food / feed prices - again about a 60 % increase , but lasting through 1973 and 1974 .
So , now that we understand the order of magnitude of the food price shock , what impact did this have on global death rates ?
I 'm going to use UN population statistics to assess that .
The UN divides countries into " More Developed " , " Less Developed " , and then " Least Developed " .
The " Least Developed " are a subset of the " Less Developed " .
This next graph shows the population in each category .
United Nations population split between more developed , less developed , and least developed regions 1950 - 2005 .
Source : United Nations : World Population Prospects , the 2004 Revision .
Next , I 've plotted the death rates in the least developed countries , and all the less developed countries , as well as the infant mortality rates .
United Nations estimates of death rates per population ( left scale ) , and infant mortality per thousand births ( right scale ) for less developed , and least developed regions 1950 - 2005 .
Less developed includes least developed .
Source : United Nations : World Population Prospects , the 2004 Revision .
The big picture is that death rates have been dropping steadily for the last fifty years , and do not correlate closely with commodity food prices .
They have dropped by half or more .
The main effect is presumably the advent of western medicine gradually reaching the poorest countries ( vaccination , antibiotics etc ) .
Clearly , lack of food has not been the main control on the human population over this 55 year period .
However , a more careful inspection reveals a little bump in the seventies when the death rate stops dropping as quickly , as well as another in the 1990s .
It 's clearer if we look at the change from each five year period to the next in the death rate .
Here is is for the least developed countries ( it 's roughly similar for the less developed , but the graph is too busy with all of them on ) :
Change in United Nations estimates of death rates and infant mortality rate for least developed regions over prior five year period 1950 - 2005 .
Source : United Nations : World Population Prospects , the 2004 Revision .
There are two obvious spikes where the death rate dropped more slowly .
My assignments of the likely causes are shown - the one in the 1970s being presumably due to the food crisis , and the one in the 1990s being due to the AIDS crisis ( note how the latter affects the infant mortality less than the overall death rate ) .
This gives us a basis to estimate the order of magnitude of the deaths due to the food crisis and price spikes .
If we attribute about 2 % of the death rate in forestalled changes , for about five years , and noting that the death rate for less developed is 1 1/ 4 % of around 4 billion people at the time , then the excess deaths are of the order of 5 million people .
( Just to stress , I only consider this to be an order of magnitude estimate - it could easily have been 2 million or 10 million , but there was not much chance it was only 500,000 or 50 million ) .
While I do n't wish to trivialize the deaths of 5 million people - it's the same order of magnitude in deaths as the Holocaust - it 's a lot less than the elasticity argument from last week suggested .
Recall that the USDA estimates the price elasticity of food in poor countries as about - 0.7 .
So a 60 % increase in food prices might be expected to result in a 40 % reduction in calorie intake , which with much of the developing world either at or under minimal calorific requirements , might have been expected to result in a lot more starvation than it did ( hundreds of millions rather than single millions ) .
I 've identified two effects that seem likely to be important .
One is the briefness of the worst of the spike ( only a few months in the PPI food / feed series ) .
Assuming the series really captures a reasonable cross-section of food prices , this may explain much of the effect , since a few months is not too long to hold on with reduced rations .
This is not an encouraging reason , since the causes of the 1970s crises ( primarily weather and disease ) were inherently transitory , while biofuel induced food price increases might be expected to be long - lasting .
However , the other cause is the fact that a lot of the world 's poorest people are ( or at least were ) relatively divorced from the money economy , being subsistence farmers who grow all or most of their own food on smallholdings , and thus are relatively insulated from commodity price shocks in global markets .
Let 's explore the trends in that .
Subsistence farmed landscape in Kenya .
Source : Michican State University .
We might expect that the urban poor , who must buy food somehow , are more likely affected .
Folks living in houses like these , which surround and invade most third world cities , are not in a position to grow much food :
Shantytown in Capetown , South Africa .
Source : Capetown.dj .
So , what fraction of the developing world is urban versus rural ?
Another UN population report has this data :
United Nations estimates of urban and rural populations for more and less developed regions 1950 - 2030 .
Source : United Nations : World Urbanization Prospects , the 2005 Revision .
The urban population of less developed countries has roughly tripled since 1970 , while the population of rural regions in those countries has increased about 50 % .
In 1970 , it used to be that the developing countries were about 75 % rural , but now they are on average a little under 60 % rural .
Clearly the vulnerable urban population is much larger than it was .
However , it 's still the case that more than half the population of developing countries is rural .
Are they mostly net food producers who are insulated from global commodity price increases ?
This question , as well as a number of other relevant ones , is addressed in a very useful World Bank report , World Development Report 2008 : Agriculture for Development .
In chapter 1 , we find :
An estimated 2.5 billion of the 3 billion rural inhabitants are involved in agriculture : 1.5 billion of them living in smallholder households and 800 million of them working in smallholder households .
So the vast majority of the developing rural population is living or working on small farms , and thus is somewhat insulated from global commodity prices :
Even with globalization , the staple crop sector remains largely nontradable in substantial parts of the agriculture - based countries for two reasons .
First , locally grown staples such as cassava , yams , sorghum , millet , and teff , which are not internationally traded ( although sometimes regionally traded ) , often predominate in the local diets .
Second , the domestic food economy remains insulated from global markets by high transport and marketing costs , especially in the rural hinterlands and in land - locked countries .
In Ethiopia the price of maize can fluctuate from around $ 75 per ton ( the export parity price ) to $ 225 per ton ( the import parity price ) without triggering international trade .
This nontradable staple crop sector represents 60 percent of agricultural production in Malawi and 70 percent in Zambia and Kenya .
In many developing countries , most of the poor are in the rural areas :
More than 2 billion people , about three - quarters of the rural population in developing countries , reside in the rural areas of transforming economies , encompassing most of South and East Asia , North Africa and the Middle East , and some of Europe and Central Asia .
Although agriculture contributed only 7 percent to growth during 1993 –2005 , it still makes up about 13 percent of the economy and employs 57 percent of the labor force .
Despite rapid growth and declining poverty rates in many of these countries , poverty remains widespread and largely rural — more than 80 percent of the poor live in rural areas .
In rural sections , food price increases may help some households , by improving their incomes , even while other households suffer because they still have to buy a fraction of their food :
From 1981 –2003 , 1 percent GDP growth originating in agriculture increased the expenditures of the three poorest deciles at least 2.5 times as much as growth originating in the rest of the economy .
Similarly , Bravo - Ortega and Lederman ( 2005 ) find that an increase in overall GDP coming from agricultural labor productivity is on average 2.9 times more effective in raising the incomes of the poorest quintile in developing countries and 2.5 times more effective for countries in Latin America than an equivalent increase in GDP coming from nonagricultural labor productivity .
Focusing on absolute poverty instead , and based on observations from 80 countries during 1980 – 2001 , Christiaensen and Demery ( 2007 ) report that the comparative advantage of agriculture declined from being 2.7 times more effective in reducing $ 1 - a - day poverty incidence in the poorest quarter of countries in their sample to 2 times more effective in the richest quarter of countries .
Unfortunately , although most rural households participate in agriculture to some degree , over half are net food buyers , since only a portion of their income comes from agriculture :
World Bank estimates of participation and income shares for rural households in various developing countries .
Source : World Development Report 2008 : Agriculture for Development .
Moreover , it 's not the case that urban incomes are in general massively larger than rural incomes - in most cases , the median urban income is less than twice as much as the median rural income :
World Bank estimates of urban and rural income ratios for various developing countries .
Source : World Development Report 2008 : Agriculture for Development .
And if we look at the share of income going on food in poor countries , that too suggests vulnerability .
This next graph shows the share of food expenditures going on grain products , versus the share of all expenditures going on food for a sample of countries .
Bubble area is population .
Note that some important countries are missing , including India and China .
Share of food expenditures going on bread / cereal products , versus share of all expenditures going on food for a sample of 114 countries .
Bubble area is proportional to country population .
Trendline is a quadratic fit .
Source : USDA Economic Research Service : International Food Consumption Patterns .
It 's worth noting that much of the developing world spends half or more of its income on food .
Also , given that cereal products are generally the cheapest food , and this graph shows expenditure fractions , the dependency on cereal products for calories is very high at the poorer end of the scale .
In summary , it still seems to me that a sustained increase in food prices by factors of several fold , and that lasts for years , has the potential to deprive a material fraction of the global poor of enough food to live .
This would be a much worse food crisis than the 1970s food crisis .
Whether biofuels have the potential to bring that on depends on the future trajectory of oil prices , a subject that will have to await a future post .
I 'm keen to understand this issue as quickly as possible , as we do seem to be entering another food crisis of some scale .
Here 's an excerpt from a recent warning by the UN Food and Agriculture Organization .
17 December 2007 , Rome – FAO is urging governments and the international community to implement immediate measures in support of poor countries hit hard by dramatic food price increases .
Currently 37 countries worldwide are facing food crises due to conflict and disasters .
In addition , food security is being adversely affected by unprecedented price hikes for basic food , driven by historically low food stocks , droughts and floods linked to climate change , high oil prices and growing demand for bio - fuels .
High international cereal prices have already sparked food riots in several countries .
In its November issue of Food Outlook , FAO estimated that the total cost of imported foodstuffs for Low Income Food Deficit Countries ( LIFDCs ) in 2007 would be some 25 percent higher than the previous year , surpassing US$ 107 billion .
If we were n't converting over 5 % of the global food supply to biofuels already , would this be happening ?
On my blog recently ( nytimes.com / pogue ) , I 've been making fun of bad tech - support reps .
Actually , not just recently — they 've been one of my favorite topics for years .
Deep inside , though , I have a lot of sympathy .
By definition , the tech - support job entails talking all day to angry and unhappy people , which surely can't make you feel like skipping home from work .
Meanwhile , at most tech - support centers , you have to fulfill an hourly quota of calls processed — so the job is stressful , too .
No wonder the burnout rate is so high ( and so many of these jobs are moving overseas ) .
So today , equal time .
It 's time to place half of the tech - support blame where it belongs : at the feet of Them .
The Users .
Several years ago , I had the chance to visit a tech - support call center for one of the big computer companies .
The technician gave me a second pair of headphones so I could listen in on his conversations with the hapless users .
Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee on Monday endorsed a proposed Colorado Human Life Amendment that would define personhood as a fertilized egg .
The former Arkansas governor and Baptist minister also supports a human - life amendment to the U.S. Constitution .
Huckabee spoke favorably about the Colorado ballot initiative , sponsored by 20 - year - old Kristi Burton and her Colorado for Equal Rights group , during his Friday visit to Colorado Springs .
On Monday , Huckabee lent official support to the measure .
“ This proposed constitutional amendment will define a person as a human being from the moment life begins at conception , ” Huckabee said in a statement .
“ With this amendment , Colorado has an opportunity to send a clear message that every human life has value , ” Huckabee said .
“ Passing this amendment will mean the people of Colorado will protect the sanctity of life from conception until natural death occurs . ”
Burton ’s initiative , if approved by voters in November , would extend state constitutional protections to every fertilized egg , guaranteeing the right to life , liberty , equality of justice and due process of law .
Approval would lay the foundation for making abortion illegal in the state .
Burton , said she spoke with Huckabee Friday when he was in Colorado Springs for a speech .
“ Having national pro-life leaders such as Huckabee taking notice is an amazing boost to our petition - gathering efforts , ” Burton said .
Burton and supporters must collect the signatures of about 76,000 registered Colorado voters to get the question on the ballot .
The measure is opposed by reproductive - rights groups such as Planned Parenthood of the Rocky Mountains and NARAL Pro-Choice Colorado .
Opponents say the amendment would have sweeping consequences , not only for those seeking abortions , but for women using hormone - based contraception and couples using in - vitro fertilization to start families .
Electa Draper : 303-954-1276 or edraper@denverpost.com
- video encodings still in process -
Another video that speaks for itself , but only once , never to be heard about again ... except on MSNBC 's website .
Using plant - based materials for fuel in cars and trucks was until recently heralded as the answer to the need to reduce carbon emissions from petrol and diesel fuels .
But the alarm expressed yesterday by Professor Robert Watson , the government 's highest - ranking environment scientist , that the headlong pursuit of biofuels could accelerate climate change , is the latest in a series of comments from senior figures that have shaken Whitehall .
Both Watson and the former chief scientific officer , Sir David King , have joined the chorus of those calling for a key " sustainability " clause to be introduced to ensure biofuels do not compound the problem by competing for land with staple food crops and speeding up deforestation .
Speaking on Radio 4 's Today programme , Watson said : " It would obviously be insane if we had a policy to try and reduce greenhouse gas emissions through the use of biofuels that 's actually leading to an increase in the greenhouse gases from biofuels . "
The comments are controversial because the government has committed the UK from April 1 to ensuring that at least 2.5 % of all petrol and diesel for vehicles comes from biofuels , with that figure moving up to 5 % by 2010 .
Meanwhile , the EU is aiming for 10 % of power for transport being provided by crops from 2020 .
King said a distinction should be drawn between different kinds of biofuels , some of which are more carbon - friendly than others .
For example , biofuels from sugar cane in Brazil have 10 % of the carbon footprint of traditional fuel , while maize - based fuels in America would have 80 % or 90 % of the footprint .
He also has worries about the displacement of food crops by biofuel crops .
" There is enough evidence now that the White House having introduced to favour biofuels in the US has created quite a massive diversion of food crop products into biofuel production and hence pushed up prices of food , particularly in developing countries , " he said .
The price of food in Britain rose three times faster than the level of inflation last year and major increases in the cost of wheat and other basic commodities have been partly attributed to biofuels .
Meanwhile , vital rainforest in places such as Brazil and Indonesia is being cleared more quickly than ever to make way for new plant - based fuel production .
The views from the two British scientists came as a coalition of environmental and development groups wrote a joint letter to ministers warning their biofuels policy risked doing more harm than good .
In a letter to the transport secretary , Ruth Kelly , groups including Oxfam , the RSPB and Greenpeace called for her to put an end to the biofuels policy being introduced through a Renewable Transport Fuels Obligation ( RTFO ) until more was known about the impact of different forms of plant - based oil .
The government agreed last month that it would undertake a review of the biofuels sector to ensure " the full economic and environmental impacts of biofuels production are taken into account in the formation of UK policy beyond 2010 " .
The study will be undertaken by the new Renewable Fuels Agency , which will report in the early summer , but Kelly made clear that , in the meantime , the RTFO would apply from the start of next month .
The review follows expressions of concern from Stavros Dimas , the EU 's environment commissioner , the Royal Society and a parliamentary environmental audit committee .
The last concluded that the possible risks outweighed the benefits and said both the UK and EU should scrap their targets until the green advantages of biofuels could be guaranteed .
Ministers have also been influenced by two studies highlighted recently in the US journal Science .
In one , researchers calculated that converting natural ecosystems to grow corn or sugar cane to produce ethanol , or palms or soybeans for biodiesel , could release between 17 and 420 times more carbon than the annual savings from replacing fossil fuels .
Stephen Polasky from the University of Minnesota , one of the authors of the report , said : " Landowners are rewarded for producing palm oil and other products but not rewarded for carbon management .
This creates incentives for excessive land - clearing and can result in large increases in carbon emissions . "
Any retrenchment by government over biofuels will cause resentment within big business , which was opposed to the concept but has started to invest heavily .
The value of renewable power companies has soared over recent years .
BP recently announced it might sell off part of its " green " energy business , while Shell has put up for sale its Infineum joint venture with ExxonMobil , which produces biofuels .
But new British businesses such as D1 Oils , which produce " second - generation " biofuels , have been laying off staff , saying the increasing opposition to these fuels is undermining the business .
Profile : Bob Watson
Professor Bob Watson came to Defra in September 2007 with a successful career in science and international policy behind him .
He has held distinguished positions at the World Bank , Nasa , the White House and the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) .
He has attracted both praise and criticism for his environmental convictions .
He was described by vice - president Al Gore as his " hero of the planet " , but when his chairmanship of the IPCC was up for renewal in 2002 , it was blocked by the Bush White House .
Watson began his career as a physical chemist at Queen Mary College , London .
His early scientific work was at the University of California , Berkeley , the University of Maryland and Nasa before he joined the White House office of science and technology policy in July 1993 .
From 1996 until last year he held various roles at the World Bank , including chief scientist , and from 1997 to 2002 he was chairman of the IPCC .
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - Chinese police shot and wounded four protesters this week in an ethnic Tibetan community in the province of Sichuan , Xinhua news agency said on Thursday .
Citing police sources , the state - run agency said police acted in self - defense when they opened fire on Sunday .
It is China ’s first admission its security forces have caused injuries in their crackdown on anti-government demonstrations .
Chinese authorities also said they had arrested dozens of people involved in the protests that have swept Tibet and prompted Beijing to pour in troops to crush further unrest .
China ’s response to last week ’s violence -- which it says was orchestrated by the Dalai Lama , the exiled Tibetan Buddhist leader -- has sparked international criticism and clouded preparations for the Beijing Olympics in August .
In a phone call with Chinese counterpart Yang Jiechi , U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice urged China to show restraint towards protesters .
“ We have urged for many years that China engage in a dialogue with the Dalai Lama , who represents an authoritative figure who stands against violence and who also stands for the cultural autonomy of the Tibetan people but has made very clear that he does not stand for independence , ” she added .
China says 13 “ innocent civilians ” died in riots last week in Tibet ’s capital Lhasa , after days of peaceful protests led by monks .
Exiled Tibetans say as many as 100 Tibetans have died .
Mindful of the international condemnation of its military crackdown on pro-democracy protests in Tiananmen Square in 1989 , China says its security forces in Lhasa exercised “ maximum restraint ” and did not use lethal weapons .
But the Xinhua report makes clear the same did not apply in other parts of western China , where it has been sealing Tibetan areas from foreigners and tightening security .
State television broadcast on Thursday pictures of protests in Sichuan and Gansu provinces , both home to Tibetan communities , which showed men on horseback shouting Tibet independence slogans , burning cars and raising the Tibetan flag .
The report said the situation was now calm and showed pictures of barricades and police in riot gear .
In Gansu ’s Gannan region , eight police and three government officials were injured in the unrest , it said .
In Kangding , a Tibetan town in Sichuan , roads were crowded with troops who blocked most travel .
Notices on walls warned locals not to protest and to stay away from the “ Dalai clique ” .
ARRESTS
In Lhasa , the prosecutor ’s office said 24 people faced charges of “ endangering national security as well as beating , smashing , looting , arson and other grave crimes ” in Friday ’s riots , the Tibet Daily reported .
Some outside groups say hundreds of Tibetans may have been detained , and the China News Service reported that authorities had broadcast pictures of “ wanted ” suspects .
“ The facts of the crimes are clear and the evidence is solid , and they should be severely punished , ” a Lhasa deputy chief prosecutor , Xie Yanjun , said .
Xinhua reported that so far more than 170 people involved in the riots had given themselves up .
Slideshow ( 25 images )
“ Most of the people who surrendered themselves were ordinary members of the public who did not understand the true situation , ” it said .
China ’s unyielding response to the unrest has brought calls for a boycott of the opening ceremony of the August 8 - 24 Games by pro-Tibetan independence groups and some overseas politicians .
White House spokeswoman Dana Perino said there was no change in U.S. President George W. Bush ’s plans to attend the ceremony , and said the spotlight on Beijing could be a good thing .
“ That way the Chinese can hear how people feel and then maybe have an opportunity to either explain their position or maybe even change the things that they are doing , ” Perino said .
Slideshow ( 25 images )
The Olympic torch relay across 19 countries starts next week and is due to enter Tibet .
It is likely to be dogged by protest .
“ READY FOR TALKS ”
A special sitting of the European Parliament is expected to take place next week and many EU lawmakers are calling for some kind of European action over the Olympics , ranging from a snub of the opening ceremony to an outright boycott of the Games .
The Chinese government has resisted international calls for dialogue over the unrest and expressed serious concern that British Prime Minister Gordon Brown plans to meet the Dalai Lama during a visit to Britain in May .
The Dalai Lama , speaking in his exile home in the Indian town of Dharamsala , said he was ready to travel to Beijing to meet Chinese leaders , calling on Tibetans to end the violence .
Beijing has long said it will meet him only if he forsakes claims to Tibet ’s independence .
The 72 - year - old says he just wants greater autonomy for his homeland .
China has struggled to convince the international community that the Nobel Peace Prize winner orchestrated the violence and its own policies are free from blame .
A Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman said countries including the Netherlands , Germany , Switzerland and Australia had apologized to China for failing to protect embassies from violent attacks by “ Tibet independence elements ” .
It said 17 diplomatic missions had been violently attacked since March 10 .
In Hungary , police detained one person after a window in China ’s embassy was broken by a stone hurled during a rally of about 200 people , the state news agency MTI said .
A man in a “ vigil for Tibet ” near China ’s Berlin embassy poured a flammable liquid over himself and set himself on fire on Thursday but other protesters quickly put the flames out .
In San Francisco , officials are investigating a minor fire that charred a roll - up garage door of the Chinese consulate .
In a message posted on the Ubuntu mailing list this morning , Ubuntu founder Mark Shuttleworth announced that Ubuntu 8.10 , which is tentatively scheduled for release in October , will be called Intrepid Ibex .
Ubuntu loosely adheres to a six - month release cycle and derives its official version numbers from scheduled release dates .
During the development cycle , an Ubuntu release is referred to by its code name .
The next major Ubuntu release is 8.04 , which is known as Hardy Heron and is scheduled for release in April .
Intrepid Ibex will be the next release after the upcoming 8.04 .
Plans for Intrepid Ibex include improvements to mobile computing and desktop scalability as well as increased flexibility for Internet connectivity .
" Our desktop offering will once again be a focal point as we reengineer the user interaction model so that Ubuntu works as well on a high - end workstation as it does on a feisty little subnotebook .
We 'll also be reaching new peaks of performance — aiming to make the mobile desktop as productive as possible , " Shuttleworth wrote in the e-mail .
" A particular focus for us will be pervasive Internet access , the ability to tap into bandwidth whenever and wherever you happen to be . "
Development planning for Intrepid Ibex will take place at the upcoming Ubuntu Developer Summit , which will take place in Prague between May 19 and 23 .
During the Developer Summit event , developers from Canonical meet with Ubuntu contributors and other members of the open source software community to establish blueprints and outline strategies for assembling the technologies that will be included in the next major Ubuntu release .
I attended the last major Ubuntu Developer Summit in Boston last year and got first - hand exposure to Hardy Heron planning .
Shuttleworth notes that the 8.10 release will be the ninth Ubuntu release and will coincide with fourth anniversary of the first Ubuntu release , which was 4.10 .
Ubuntu 's open development model , he says , has been a profound success .
" We have open specifications , open governance structures and a willingness to empower everyone to make their unique contribution to the success of the project , " Shuttleworth states in his message .
" Those contributions come as much from the corporate world — Canonical and other companies that have embraced Ubuntu as a core of their offering — as from a huge number of individual professionals .
It is this combination of expertise and perspectives that makes it such a pleasure for me to be part of this project , and I thank all of you for your continued passion , participation , and energy . "
Ubuntu is a climbing star in the Linux community and has attracted considerable attention from prominent commercial hardware vendors as well as enthusiastic end users .
Our initial testing with Hardy Heron shows a lot of promise , and we are looking forward to seeing what plans coalesce as additional details begin to emerge about Intrepid Ibex .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Democratic presidential contender Barack Obama opened narrow leads on Hillary Clinton in California and Missouri one day before crucial “ Super Tuesday ” nominating contests in 24 states , according to a Reuters / C- SPAN / Zogby poll released on Monday .
In the Republican race , Arizona Sen .
John McCain solidified his double - digit leads over Mitt Romney in New York and New Jersey , but Romney expanded his lead in California , the biggest prize on “ Super Tuesday . ”
Obama and Clinton were deadlocked in New Jersey , and Obama enjoyed a double - digit advantage over Clinton in Georgia in two other Democratic contests on the biggest single day of voting ever in a U.S. presidential nominating campaign .
Obama , an Illinois senator , and Clinton , a New York senator , have waged a bitter duel for the Democratic presidential nomination , competing for votes from coast to coast after splitting the first four significant contests .
“ The momentum is with Obama , ” said pollster John Zogby .
“ If this trend continues it could be a very big night for him . ”
Romney , a former Massachusetts governor , led McCain 40 percent to 32 percent in California , where the margin of error was 3.3 percentage points .
A win in California , the most populous state , could help puncture McCain ’s growing momentum in the Republican nomination fight .
McCain won the last two contests , in South Carolina and Florida , to seize the front - runner ’s slot in a hard - fought Republican race despite qualms among some conservatives about his past views on taxes , immigration and campaign finance .
“ Romney is widening his lead in California and has a really big advantage with conservatives , ” Zogby said .
“ Romney winning California would give some Republicans pause when they look at McCain as the potential nominee . ”
Romney said he would cut short a scheduled trip to Georgia and fly back to California on Monday for a last - minute campaign visit .
‘A GOOD SHOT ’
“ People there are taking a real close look at the race and it looks like I ’ve got a good shot there , ” Romney told reporters .
In Missouri , McCain leads former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee by 35 percent to 27 percent , with Romney in third place at 24 percent .
The margin of error was 3.4 percentage points .
“ Huckabee and Romney are splitting the anti-McCain vote in states like Missouri , ” Zogby said .
Slideshow ( 30 images )
The Reuters / C- SPAN / Zogby rolling tracking poll surveyed presidential races in both parties in California , New Jersey and Missouri .
The polls also looked at the Republican race in New York and the Democratic race in Georgia .
Polling will continue for one more night .
In California , Obama gained two points on Clinton overnight to lead 46 percent to 40 percent , with a margin of error of 3.2 percentage points .
Obama wiped out a 1 - point Clinton advantage in Missouri to take a 47 percent to 42 percent lead , with a margin of error of 3.4 percentage points .
The two rivals were deadlocked at 43 percent in New Jersey , with 10 percent still undecided .
Obama had a 17 - point edge in Georgia , aided by a more than 3 - to - 1 edge among black voters .
Slideshow ( 30 images )
Both Democrats continued to build a strong base of support , with Clinton favored by women , Hispanics and elderly voters and Obama favored by blacks , men and young voters .
The new poll found McCain , who could be on the path to the Republican nomination with a strong performance on Tuesday , doubling Romney ’s support in New Jersey and doing even better in New York .
All of the presidential contenders are aiming on Tuesday to win a big share of the national convention delegates who choose the nominees .
More than half of the total Democratic delegates are up for grabs on Tuesday , and about 40 percent of the Republican delegates .
The rolling polls in all five states were taken Friday through Sunday with samples ranging from 835 likely Republican voters in New Jersey to 967 likely Democratic voters in California .
In a rolling poll , the most recent day ’s results are added while the oldest day ’s results are dropped in order to track changing momentum .
( Editing by Patricia Zengerle )
It took approximately two years to design this spectacular magical art for you to put together .
This “ V12 f our - stroke Engine ” has semi-realistic exterior and interior detail .
Each of 12 s park plugs ( LEDs ) is ignited accordingly to the moving cycle .
Many moveable parts include a compound crankshaft , a rapid cooling fan , 12 rods and 12 pistons etc .
It is made with paper entirely ( except some little wood sticks , some tapes , 12 LEDs , some electrical wires , 12 switches , a resistor , a motor and a battery holder ) .
The instruction included in this kit is a PDF file contains easy - to follow diagrams and step - by - step instructions with more than a thousand detailed nice and clear pictures .
No paint applied .
It looks pure and elegant .
Various shadows created by different light sources make it look stunning .
The origami - reinforced structures are applied inside the engine .
They make the model very rigid and keep the pieces in the accurate positions .
From CrossTalk , The Journal of Defense Software Engineering : “ It is our view that Computer Science ( CS ) education is neglecting basic skills , in particular in the areas of programming and formal methods .
We consider that the general adoption of Java as a first programming language is in part responsible for this decline . ”
JavaSchools are not operating in a vacuum : they ’re dumbing down their curriculum because they think it ’s the only way to keep CS students .
The real problem is that these schools are not doing anything positive to attract the kids who are really interesting in programming , not computer science .
I think the solution would be to create a programming - intensive BFA in Software Development–a Julliard for programmers .
Such a program would consist of a practical studio requirement developing significant works of software on teams with very experienced teachers , with a sprinkling of liberal arts classes for balance .
It would be a huge magnet to the talented high school kids who love programming , but ca n’t get excited about proving theorums .
When I said BFA , Bachelor of Fine Arts , I meant it : software development is an art , and the existing Computer Science education , where you ’re expected to learn a few things about NP completeness and Quicksort is singularly inadequate to training students how to develop software .
Imagine instead an undergraduate curriculum that consists of 1/3 liberal arts , and 2/3 software development work .
The teachers are experienced software developers from industry .
The studio operates like a software company .
You might be able to major in Game Development and work on a significant game title , for example , and that ’s how you spend most of your time , just like a film student spends a lot of time actually making films and the dance students spend most of their time dancing .
There are already several programs going in this direction : a lot of Canadian universities , notably Waterloo , have Software Engineering programs , and in Indiana , Rose - Hulman combines a good software engineering program with a co-op program called Rose - Hulman Ventures .
These programs have no problem attracting lots of qualified students at a time when the Ivy League CS departments consider themselves lucky if they get a dozen majors a year .
In the meantime , think about how many computer science departments earned their reputation by writing an important piece of code : MIT ’s X Window , Athena , and Lisp Machine ; CMU ’s Andrew File System , Mach , and Lycos ; Berkeley ’s Unix ; the University of Kansas ’ Lynx ; Columbia ’s Kermit .
Where are those today ?
What have the universities given us lately ?
What ’s the best college for a high school senior who really loves programming but is n’t so excited about lambda calculus ?
Starting back when it was Apple Computer , the company now known simply as Apple has attempted to foster a strong brand identity that 's associated with an image of creativity .
Now , a new study ( PDF ) that will appear in next month 's Journal of Consumer Research suggests that the vaunted Reality Distortion Field may be grounded in reality , revealing that Apple 's efforts have paid off in unexpected ways : not only do consumers consider Apple creative , but the subliminal display of an Apple logo is enough to motivate them to be more creative .
The study provides some revealing insights into the very strange inner workings of our brains .
The focus of the study was the process of priming , in which subtle exposure to stereotypical items elicits behaviors associated with those items .
For example , the authors cite results showing that young people primed with exposure to the elderly walked more slowly and displayed poorer memory than their peers .
In cases like this , it appears that priming simply activates existing mental constructs that influence behavior , but there is evidence that priming can also be motivational .
Students primed with images of a parent can perform better on tests , possibly through the motivation to please the parent .
The new study focused on how brands fit into this .
Previous work had shown that people tend to assign personalities to brands , but it was far from clear that brands could be motivational ; after all , unlike your parent , a brand is not going to congratulate you for your good test score .
To test this , the authors compared the role of two brands in motivating student performances : Apple and IBM .
Both were rated equally positively by the students , but they had distinct brand personalities , with only Apple being assigned the quality of " creativity . "
Students were given tasks that either subliminally or overtly exposed them to the corporate logos .
Afterwards , they were given an " unusual use test , " in which they were given the opportunity to come up with creative uses for a brick .
Both total number of uses , and a panels ' subjective rating of their creativity were scored .
Using either measure , the exposure to the Apple brand , even subliminally , primed the students to greater creativity .
The authors argue that this effect was motivational .
If an unrelated test was inserted before the brick test , it should clear out any mental constructs arising from the priming ; instead , the irrelevant task seemed to enhance performances in the later brick test .
In addition , surveys revealed that those who desire to be more creative scored higher when exposed to the Apple logo , while those who had no such motivation were indifferent to the exposure .
This sort of behavior goes well beyond Apple and creativity .
The authors also looked at honesty by giving two groups of students different surveys , one that focused on their past honesty , and one that asked them how they felt they could improve their honesty .
They then used a brand associated with honesty — the Disney Channel — and registered the students ' choices in situations that balanced honesty with social niceties ( " does this dress make me look fat " type questions ) .
Those motivated to improve their honesty through the survey emphasized it after exposure to the Disney brand .
Those exposed to a different brand or who felt satisfied through a remembrance of past incidents of honesty did not .
Given the impact that factors like honesty and creativity have in all aspects of life , the authors conclude that " exposure to brands may well have a profound influence on social behavior in everyday life . "
Although their work focused on creativity , they did note that IBM is associated with traits such as " traditional , smart , and responsible , " suggesting that there may be a brand for almost any behavior .
Given the pervasive exposure to brands , it seems as if our brains are constantly awash with unrecognized cues that motivate us in unexpected ways .
Journal of Consumer Research , 2008
Click to viewBacking up your data on a regular basis is important , and turning a spare computer into a backup server is often the best way to make sure it gets done .
But most methods require either a good deal of command - line learning or serve only one operating system .
Not with Restore , a free , open - source backup system that can install or run from a live CD , work with any OS , and operate through a simple browser - based interface .
Today I 'll demonstrate backing up a Windows laptop to an older desktop , but you 'll see how Restore can be easily molded to fit just about any home backup needs .
Advertisement
Getting started
First we 'll need the right live CD from Restore 's Source Forge pages .
Grab the most recent " RESTORE-EE-LIVE " .iso file you see there — it 's technically the " Enterprise Edition , " but do n't let that title scare you off .
Burn the ISO to a blank CD with the program of your choice , place it in the disc drive of a computer that can boot from a CD , then fire it up .
Now you can check out how Restore runs on your spare box ( or old laptop ) before dedicating yourself to installing it , without a single bit of data touched .
Those with a bit of Linux savvy can also install Restore from Ubuntu / Debian packages or in a virtual machine ; installation will be different , but the operation is the same .
Advertisement
Restore is based on Xubuntu , the lightweight Ubuntu Linux distribution , and boots up in nearly identical fashion .
Hit " Start or Install RESTORE " from the first screen and give the CD time to boot up ( go back and try " Safe Graphics Mode " if you see only black ) .
Once you 're in , you should see a desktop similar to this ( click for larger image ) :
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
If you 're not hard - wired to your internet connection , click the icon in the upper - right to configure your wireless connection .
If you can't get access , your networking hardware might be the rare exception that Ubuntu does n't handle out of the box ; try the Ubuntu Forums or a little Google - searching for help .
Advertisement
If you 're set on installing Restore , hit the " Install " icon on the desktop and follow the fairly simple prompts .
Whatever drive or partition you install to , that 's where the backups will go .
If you need help partitioning off space from a Windows installation , reference Adam 's triple - boot guide or Ubuntu 's community docs for pointers .
Whether you 're installing or just testing it out , find the IP address of the computer running Restore through your router .
Alternately , click the " Applications " button in the Restore desktop , then Accessories -> Terminal , then enter the command ifconfig and look for the address after " inet addr : " , which usually looks like 192.168.x.x ) .
Save yourself future IP hunts by setting a static IP address for your new backup server ; see Adam 's recent BitTorrent feature for a primer .
Advertisement
Set up your systems
Most backup servers rely on each computer regularly sending their files to them .
Restore , on the other hand , reaches out to computers and copies their important files on a schedule .
To make sure your system 's ready to accept remote connections , do the following :
Advertisement
Vista : Head to " Set up file sharing " or " Network and Sharing Center " from the Control Panel .
Make sure " Network discovery , " " File sharing , " and " Password protected sharing " are set to " On . "
Right - click any folders you want to back up on your system , select " Share , " " Change sharing permissions , " and follow through the prompts .
Advertisement
Mac OS X : Enable " Remote Login " in the " Sharing " section of the System Preferences menu .
That 's it — although take note of the IP address listed at the bottom of the " Sharing " screen .
Linux :
You have your choice of either using Samba for Windows File Shares access — I 've found this forum post
Advertisement
Schedule your backups
Open a browser on the computer you intend to back up and point it to that IP address you grabbed from the server , followed by / restore , as in :
http://192.168.x.x/restore
You should see a login / password prompt .
Enter " admin " as the username and " password " as the password , without the quotes .
You 're now at the main Restore screen .
Advertisement
You can head to " Preferences " to make your login details a bit more secure , but let 's roll up our sleeves and head to " Filestore " first . "
It 's pretty bare on this screen , so hit " Add Target " near the upper - right corner .
Here you 'll get your choice of MySQL , SFTP ( which is actually SSH File Transfer Protocol ) , straight FTP , or Windows File Share .
I 'll be using Windows File Share , which also works for Linux users comfortable with Samba shares , but Mac users will want to choose SFTP .
Advertisement
Type the IP address of the system you 're connecting from into the " Hostname " field in the prompt that comes up , and then the username and password you use to log on to that computer .
You 'll be greeted by a collapsible list of folders that you can grab from .
Ignore any " invalid argument " lines , select the data you need to copy and hit " Next " in the lower right .
Give your selections a " Target Name " that relates to your selections ( like " My Pictures Backup " ) , then hit " Save . "
You 'll end up at that target 's settings page .
Hit the button that looks like " Play " on the far right to manually launch a snapshot backup if you 'd like , but now we 'll head to the " Schedule " tab .
Advertisement
Hit the " + " next to " Snapshot schedules " at the top of the left - hand column to choose how often Restore will reach out for a backup attempt .
The " Simple " settings should be enough for most folks ' needs ; give your schedule a name and hit " Create . "
Now choose the " + " next to " Revision Schedule " on the right - hand column .
This actually lets you set how many of your snapshots are saved and for how long , giving you a Time - Machine - like ability to choose from numerous versions of a file over time .
Hit " Create , " and you 're done .
When you need to get at your files , simply head to the " Restore Data " tab in each Target and choose which version you want to bring back .
Advertisement
You 've now created a basic backup server that will look to copy files from any system manually or on a schedule , and which you can control with or without a monitor and other peripherals attached .
Since you 've got a working Xubuntu system running in there with CD - burning and other abilities , however , you might want to set up VNC to give yourself a graphical handle , when needed .
Set Up VNC on Ubuntu in Four Steps Linux only : The Ubuntu Unleashed blog has a great tutorial on remote controlling your Linux … Read more
Advertisement
Need more help setting up or exploring Restore ?
Check out the Flash tutorials offered by its creator , Holonyx Ruffdogs .
What do you think about Restore ?
Does it seem easier than command - line - based options ?
Hit the comments with any questions , comments , suggestions and / or complaints .
Advertisement
Kevin Purdy , associate editor at Lifehacker , loves having his flock of systems shepherded by one small box .
His weekly feature , Open Sourcery , appears every Friday on Lifehacker .
It is nice to denounce the practice of promoting an idea by force and coercion as radicalism when it comes to some , while preserving the right to use whatever means is most effective to spread for those who subscribe to one 's own view of what the world should be like .
In the 1980:ies , Sweden 's prime minister was outspokenly critical of US rampages in Vietnam - more so than most heads of nations in the " Western World " then and now .
Furthermore , Sweden was then - as it has been for most part of the modern times - run according to a social democratic political ideology , and Olof Palme was the prime minister and head of the Social Democratic Party .
During the 1980:ies , Carl Bildt the head of the main opposition party - proposing more right wing liberal ideas centered on privatizing and less state interference in distrubution of resources etc - began pointing out that there had been several detections of submarines in Swedish waters .
Bildt made it clear that he suspected the Soviet Union , and when the Social Democratic administration and Palme did not respond with adequate outrage and suspicion against the Soviet Union , Bildt and his party companions began a campaign of discrediting Palme and the Social Democrats as being friendly with the Soviets .
Palme and his party remained in power until Palme was shot 28 Feb 1986 by an unknown killer .
There has been no end to the theories about who actually was behind the murder .
Interestingly enough , we now can read in new book that these submarines and the ensuing campaign of connecting it to alleged and false claims of friendliness with the Soviet , was all part of a US - UK psy - op campaign intended to deprive Palme in particular and socialism in any form in general , of popular support .
It is no coincidence that it just so happened to be that this fell in line with the wishes of the industry and capitalists - the majority of which supported the opposition party and Bildt , and overall the liberal capitalism US advocated .
So much for the respect for other people to chose according to their kind how they want to rule their society .
The Secret War Against Sweden : US and British Submarine Deception in the 1980s .
From the introduction :
In modern democratic countries , political control is not easily achieved through military power or propaganda .
However , by the use of deception and psychological warfare , the public , political elite and local military forces may be deceived into supporting the policies of a major power .
Mass media is thus manipulated not by propaganda , but by deception .
... this book makes it clear that the United States and Britain ran a ' secret war ' in Swedish waters to test Sweden 's capability and will in the 1980s .
Within a couple of years , the number of Swedes perceiving the Soviet Union as a direct threat had increased from 5 - 10 % in 1980 to 45 % in 1983 .
In the same period , the number of Swedes viewing the Soviets as unfriendly increased from 30 % to more than 80 % .
Understanding Capitalism Part I : Capital and Society By - November 20 , 2003
One of the great tragedies of the modern world is the general American understanding of capitalism , or lack there of .
When America was founded the capitalist system as we know it did not yet exist .
Modern capitalism would not develop in America until after the Civil War , when America 's Industrial Revolution took shape .
When America was founded , however , it was home to some of the world 's foremost economic thinkers , such as Alexander Hamilton .
Europe , of course , also played host to a great number of economic thinkers as well , including the " father of modern economics " , Adam Smith , but it was America that eventually took center stage in the world as the " bastion of capitalism . "
In 1776 , the same year that America launched its war for independence , Adam Smith published his masterpiece , An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations ; a work that set the ideological foundation for the development of capitalist economy .
American understanding of capitalism today is in many ways very different from the teachings of the man who we consider to be the father of the very economic ideology which this country espouses to champion .
Understanding capitalism requires a strict understanding of the importance of property ownership in the capitalist system .
Property ownership is the core of the capitalist system .
Capital is productive property .
Capital is property that has some productive economic value .
Your television at home is not " capital " , however it can be capital if you use that television set in a way to earn money , for example if you used it to give a paid presentation to an audience .
As Adam Smith states in The Wealth of Nations :
The stock that is laid out in a house , if it is to be the dwelling - house of the proprietor , ceases from that moment to serve in the function of a capital , or to afford any revenue to its owner .
A dwelling - house , as such , contributes nothing to the revenue of its inhabitant ; and though it is , no doubt , extremely useful to him , it is as his clothes and household furniture are useful to him , which , however , makes a part of his expense , and not of his revenue .
So , the first thing to understand is that capitalism revolves around " capital " , i.e. productive property .
The next thing to understand is that a capitalist is someone who receives money through the ownership of capital , i.e. someone who receives money through the ownership of property .
A more useful description of the word capitalist would be someone whose primary means of income is through the ownership of property .
In other words , someone like Donald Trump is a true capitalist .
He makes money through the buying , using , and selling of property .
His primary form of income is not a salary ; his primary means of income is not labor .
A factory owner or a professional investor is a capitalist .
An average citizen in America today may own some stock , which is a form of capital , but they have essentially no control over the property that the stock represents and the stock is not a primary means of income , therefore simply owning some does not make one a " capitalist . "
In a capitalist system property ownership is ultimately the only way in which value is " realized " .
Ownership of property grants the owner of the property full rights to all of the value of that property .
That is , at its core , what capitalism is about , the ownership of rights to value .
At the same time , labor is the only means by which value is created .
" Labor " can include work done by people , by nature , or by machines , but nevertheless , the only thing that actually creates new value is doing work .
This is the key first step in understanding capitalism .
If you own something then you own full rights to all of the value of that thing .
This means , for example , that if I own a piece of metal , and I get someone to sculpt that metal into a statue , I , through my property rights , am still entitled to the full value of the statue because I own the property .
The person who took the block of metal and performed work on it to increase its value is not entitled to anything .
He has no legal claim to any of the value of the object at all , even though he is the one responsible for increasing the value of the item .
In fact , all of the " added value " as a result of labor is obviously a product of the worker .
In this type of system the property owner may pay a wage to someone to perform work on his or her property in the hopes that the work performed will increase the value of the property .
In this case a capitalist may go to the public and offer a fee , of say $ 100 , to anyone who will perform the work that he or she is requesting .
Someone may take this offer and agree to perform the work .
The worker , of course , still has no rights to any of the value of the property , the capitalist retains full rights and just agrees to pay the wage to have the work done .
Whatever value results from the work being done is fully owned by the capitalist .
If he pays the worker $ 100 and the result is a product that is worth $ 5,000 , then the worker has no legal claim to anything other than the $ 100 which he originally agree to do the work for .
Though the manufacturer has his wages advanced to him by his master , he , in reality , costs him no expense , the value of those wages being generally restored , together with a profit , in the improved value of the subject upon which his labor is bestowed .
- Adam Smith , The Wealth of Nations Wage - labor , and hence labor markets , are a defining feature of capitalism .
That 's all pretty basic and easy to understand , so now lets go to the next step .
All value in the economic system is ultimately realized through property ownership .
This means that everything that is done which increases value in our economy is realized through property rights .
Let 's take a look at how this works in our economy .
Land is a good way to demonstrate this concept .
The value of land is affected by many things , but not always by work done to the property itself .
You can buy a piece of land , do absolutely nothing to it , and its value will change based on " the market " .
Things which may impact the value of the land are : development near the land , changes in population , change in the value of resources that are present on the land , etc .
Let 's say that Jim bought 10 acres of land out in the country in 1970 for $ 5,000 .
After buying the land a highway was built that runs near the land .
Over the years more and more development takes place near the land .
Now in 2003 , because of the fact that roads and neighborhoods and stores have been built up near the land , the value of the land has increased .
The 10 acres are now worth $ 1,000,000 .
Jim is now entitled to the full value of the property because of our property right laws .
However Jim did not cause the value of the property to rise .
Jim did not work to create this value .
The value of the property was not enhanced by Jim , but instead it was enhanced by the people who built the roads and houses and stores near his property .
Had the highway not been built near his property and had growth not taken place near his property and had the population not increased , then his property would not have changed in value in this manner .
The value increase of his property was not Jim 's creation ; the increase in value was a product of society .
Society is who enhanced the value of the property ; Jim is the person who retained legal right to that value which was created by other people .
Of course had a city dump been built next to his property the value may have gone down , but the point is the same , property rights are the means through which socially created value is realized in a capitalist system .
The property owner may or may not be a contributor to the change in value of the property , and the extent to which the property owner is responsible for the change in value varies infinitely from case to case .
This concept applies to all " property , " which is to say everything that can legally be owned , from land to cars to factories to public buildings to music to patents , etc .
In the case of public property the State ( in theory the citizens ) is the owner of the property , but all the same principles apply .
Now , let 's expand this concept .
We are often taught that our economic system works through a system of exchanges between individuals and that these exchanges are by definition fair because they are agreed upon by both parties .
We are also taught that these exchanges represent the full expression of value in our system , with the impression that capitalists and laborers , i.e. property owners and those that they employ , are on equal footing .
This is not true .
In reality there are an infinite number of factors that contribute to our economy , and not all of those factors are even a part of the labor system , in fact not all of those factors are even a part of human society .
In addition to that , capitalists and laborers are not on equal footing .
The value of property can be impacted by environmental conditions , such as climate , plant growth , water flow and quality , pollution , etc .
If you owned a store in a town and the climate changed and the water in the region dried up so that the area became a desert , then the value of the property you owned would be negatively impacted .
The fact that animals grow , plants grow , etc , all has an impact on value of property , not just land , but all things : cars , clothes , sporting equipment , music , factories , farms , etc .
For example , fishing equipment is increasingly popular because people enjoy the sport of fishing .
The sport fishing industry is impacted economically by the number and quality of fish that live in a region .
If a place has a lot of large fish that are fun to catch then the value of fishing equipment is going to be higher .
If all the fish go extinct then fishing equipment has no value .
So in this way we can see that the fact that fish are out there in the wild breeding , living , surviving , and doing whatever it is that they do , has an impact on the value of property related to catching fish .
In a way you could consider the fish to be working for members of the fishing industry , however the fish , of course , get no compensation .
Thus , capitalists who own fishing related industry , such as factories that produce fishing rods , are in fact able to realize value added by these fish .
The fish are actually responsible to a large degree for the value of the property , not just the workers who make the rods or the owners who own the business , etc .
So , we can see that many things contribute to value , not just paid labor .
Now , back to humans and our society .
Virtually every single thing that every person does impacts the value of property in some way .
When I choose to pick up trash on the sidewalk I am doing work that has an economic result .
The neighborhood , be it a business district or residential , is having its property value maintained , restored , or increased .
We all know this .
People prefer shop in a nice clean places , so in an area that is well - kept business owners are going to be able to get higher prices for their goods and services than in an area that looks like a dump .
The clothes I choose to wear , if I choose to take a bath and stay clean , if I keep my yard clean , if I help a person across the street , all of that contributes to value in our economy .
All of that value is realized through property rights .
The most blatant example of this is the occupation of being a homemaker .
A woman , or man , who chooses to stay home and raise children and possibly volunteer for activities at schools and things of that nature , is doing a lot of work that adds value to our total economic system .
However , they are not compensated for their work monetarily .
What is important to understand though is that someone is .
Again , all value - added is realized at some point .
Virtually every single action that every person , animal , plant , and inanimate object does has some impact on value .
All of these things , positive or negative , are realized through property rights .
This means that while a homemaker stays home and cares for his or her child and volunteers in the community they are not being compensated , but that work does have an impact , and that impact is realized by the property owners in his or her community , and in theory that concept of community can be extended to include the entire world .
So what does all of this mean ?
It means that we have two types of value - added in our system , value - added that is compensated for and value - added which is not compensated for .
All of the value - added , including that which is not compensated for , is realized by property owners through property rights .
It means that all socially created value is realized by property owners .
It means that wages are an insufficient means of redistribution of value for the contributions made by society .
It means that property owners are the sole monetary beneficiaries of socially created value .
In biology our understanding of ecosystems started out with the " food chain " , but then biologists began to realize that a " chain " of relationships really does not adequately describe an ecosystem .
We then moved on to the food pyramid model , but again this model , while better than the food chain model , proved insufficient to describe an ecosystem .
We then arrived at the food web model , which is where we are at today , and the same is true of an economic system as is true of an ecosystem .
Our economy is comprised of a web of relationships .
Everything influences others things , and these relationship cross national boundaries as well .
The level of education of the population in India has an impact on the American labor markets and on the price of goods and services in America and on the value of property in America , and the same can be said of just about everything in the world .
The situation with the Rain Forests in Brazil impacts the price of wood and food in America , etc .
So we can see that our global economy is indeed a web like structure of relationships where local conditions are both impacted by foreign conditions and also serve to impact foreign conditions .
Likewise , it is important to understand the economy web in a more direct manner .
Though the term " self - made millionaire " is a common one , there is no such thing as a " self - made " millionaire , or a " self - made " anyone of any economic level .
The only person who can be called self - made is a hermit .
For example if a person starts their own pizza delivery business and then makes it successful and becomes a millionaire , many will call him " self - made , " but in fact he is not " self - made " any more than a shark living in the ocean is " self - made " .
Both are part of a web of relationships that has to exist in order to support the individual .
In order for the man to have a successful pizza business he relies on established roads , an educated public from which he can employ workers , consumers who have money to pay for the pizza , farmers who grow and market the food , etc .
This is the full nature of the economy web .
What we have to understand about capitalism is that a relatively small number of people in the world own capital .
At the same time , the only people in the world who actually have a stake in the value of our system are those people who do own capital .
We all , every single living thing on earth , contribute to the value of our economy , but owners of capital are the ones who realize all of that value .
Some of that value is paid back to workers in the form of wages , but a large portion of that value is not the product of paid labor , or even in cases where it is , for example a worker who builds a road , the " trickle down " effects of that labor are not compensated for , i.e. the worker is paid a wage to build the road , but he is not paid for the real value that he added to the other property near the road .
In that case the property owner reaps the reward of all of the work done by the laborer , and the investments made by the public , and assumes none of the cost .
This of course presents a problem when it comes to the issue of economic justice .
Over the past 20 or 30 years in America ownership of capital has been consolidated into a smaller number of hands .
Companies are consolidating and a smaller portion of people are owning a larger and larger portion of American capital .
This is not the first time in American history that this situation has arisen , this took place at the turn of the 20th century as well , with a few wealthy capitalists such as JP Morgan , John Rockefeller , and Andrew Carnegie owning or controlling hugely significant portions of American capital .
Not only did those conditions help contribute to the Great Depression , but the fact is , the conditions are simply not fair .
Capitalists , by definition , are taking advantage of work that other people do , and they are , through law , being entitled to the value added to property by other people .
You buy property , you get a piece of paper that gives you rights to " ownership " of all of the value that that property represents , and then as the value of that property changes due to work done by society , you are legally entitled to all of that value .
This is certainly not to say that capitalists do n't serve a valuable role in the economy , they do .
That situation alone presents a problem though , however , its not a problem that cannot be dealt with within the capitalist framework , but it is a problem that must be recognized .
There is a " trickle " effect in a capitalist economy , but unlike the claims of the Reagan Administration , wealth does not trickle down , it trickles up .
As the graph below shows , in 2001 the top 1 % possessed almost 33 % of the nation 's wealth , while the bottom 50 % owned less than 3 % .
The source data , which comes from the Federal Reserve 's Survey of Consumer Finances , is linked below .
http://www.ufenet.org/research/wealth_charts.html
All of the little things that contribute to the economy are realized by property owners , and property ownership is concentrated in the hands of a relative few .
This is something that we all ultimately understand I think , we just do n't all step back to get the big picture .
The more property you own , ultimately the better off you are , because the more property you own the more you are taking advantage of the fruits of society .
The easier you have it , because society is doing more and more work for you .
That 's obviously why home ownership is seen as such an important part of preserving the American dream , but what people in America do n't think about as much is ownership of productive property , i.e. capital .
In addition , the thing about property is that it takes money to buy property , so the more money you have the more property you can buy .
As Adam Smith says in The Wealth of Nations : " Money , says the proverb , makes money .
When you have got a little , it is often easy to get more .
The great difficulty is to get that little . "
It is essentially a system that requires money in order to make money and the more you have the more you are able to acquire , which is why property ownership is being increasingly consolidated , yet , in truth every person in the country is already contributing to property value .
We are all contributing , but only those who own the property are truly reaping the reward .
As I said , there is a " trickle " effect that does take place in an economy , and property is like the bucket that catches the water drops .
Property ownership is essentially the right to all of the water in the bucket .
So , in this case , we have a system in which people , plants , animals , and other environmental conditions are casting drops of " value " into these buckets .
In some cases a person may be doing this through paid labor , for which they are compensated .
You may make and agreement with the bucket owner to cast 50 drops of value into the bucket for a fee , however you also cast other drops of value into the bucket outside of that labor contract as well , and so does every person in the country , and ultimately the world .
There are also a few cases of people who take value from the bucket too , but let 's first focus on the value going into the bucket .
So let 's say then that 80 % of the value being cast into the bucket is in the form of paid labor , value that is compensated for .
The other 20 % of the value cast into the bucket is never compensated for , that is just " free value " that the bucket owner keeps outright .
Each little thing we do casts drops of value into the buckets of capital , and the combined effect of everyone in the community , ultimately the world , casting little drops of value into the buckets of capital results is a major acquisition of uncompensated value by property owners , " capitalists " .
This is one reason that concentrated ownership of capital is not only detrimental to society , but in fact quantifiably unjust .
It is a form of theft of socially created value .
Any value that property has that the owner of that property did not employ someone to create is value that was created by society without compensation .
Okay , so , what to do about it ?
First let us reflect on a few more statements by Adam Smith in regard to conditions that may arise in an economy :
In a country which had acquired that full complement of riches which the nature of its soil and climate , and its situation with respect to other countries allowed it to acquire ; which could , therefore , advance no further , and which was not going backwards , both the wages of labor and the profits of stock would probably be very low .
In a country fully peopled in proportion to what either its territory could maintain or its stock employ , the competition for employment would necessarily be so great as to reduce the wages of labor to what was barely sufficient to keep up the number of laborers , and , the country being already fully peopled , that number could never be augmented .
In a country fully stocked in proportion to all the business it had to transact , as great a quantity of stock would be employed in every particular branch as the nature and extent of the trade would admit .
The competition , therefore , would everywhere be as great , and consequently the ordinary profit as low as possible .
But perhaps no country has ever yet arrived at this degree of opulence .
China seems to have been long stationary , and had probably long ago acquired that full complement of riches which is consistent with the nature of its laws and institutions .
But this complement may be much inferior to what , with other laws and institutions , the nature of its soil , climate , and situation might admit of .
A country which neglects or despises foreign commerce , and which admits the vessels of foreign nations into one or two of its ports only , cannot transact the same quantity of business which it might do with different laws and institutions .
In a country too , where , though the rich or the owners of large capitals enjoy a good deal of security , the poor or the owners of small capitals enjoy scarce any , but are liable , under the pretence of justice , to be pillaged and plundered at any time by the inferior mandarins ( mandarins is a negative word for government officials ) , the quantity of stock employed in all the different branches of business transacted within it , can never be equal to what the nature and extent of that business might admit .
In every different branch , the oppression of the poor must establish the monopoly of the rich , who , by engrossing the whole trade to themselves , will be able to make very large profits .
Now , arguably , this is a condition which America may be starting to face today .
This is a condition that has always been understood to be a condition of market systems .
The situation , described here by Smith in 1776 , is one where once a nation goes through its rapid growth phase and its economy becomes more " mature " a point is reached where the wealthy owners have to establish an oppressive class monopoly in order to maintain large profits .
This is a fact of capitalism , and as Smith points out , limiting free trade does not help to resolve the problem either .
The problem that we have in America today is that the wealthy elite have used the failures of some of the efforts to implement alternatives to " American capitalism " as justification for the worst aspects of capitalism .
Instead of our culture promoting an understanding of capitalism , its qualities and its problems , the mantra has simply been pounded home that any alternative is " evil , " and if there is ever any doubt that this is true , fingers are simply pointed to Joseph Stalin and the Soviet Union or Fidel Castro in Cuba .
Instead of promoting understanding and looking for alternatives that would truly benefit society and be fair to all people , the specter of failed " Socialist " efforts is used in the promotion of the idea that there are only two choices , either the way of the Soviet Union , or the way of the " USA " ( which people always define according to their own platform ) .
This all plays into the favor of those few elite property owners , the American capitalists .
What is truly the ultimate tragedy in all of this is that capitalism itself , as it is being practiced today , is not even functioning in the manner intended by its own ideological developers .
Adam Smith was not a man who intended to develop a system whereby a small number of people would own everything and control everyone 's lives and receive undo benefits from the right of property ownership , as he demonstrated eloquently in The Wealth of Nations :
It is in the age of shepherds , in the second period of society , that the inequality of fortune first begins to take place , and introduces among men a degree of authority and subordination which could not possibly exist before .
It thereby introduces some degree of that civil government which is indispensably necessary for its own preservation : and it seems to do this naturally , and even independent of the consideration of that necessity .
The consideration of that necessity comes no doubt afterwards to contribute very much to maintain and secure that authority and subordination .
The rich , in particular , are necessarily interested to support that order of things which can alone secure them in the possession of their own advantages .
Men of inferior wealth combine to defend those of superior wealth in the possession of their property , in order that men of superior wealth may combine to defend them in the possession of theirs .
All the inferior shepherds and herdsmen feel that the security of their own herds and flocks depends upon the security of those of the great shepherd or herdsman ; that the maintenance of their lesser authority depends upon that of his greater authority , and that upon their subordination to him depends his power of keeping their inferiors in subordination to them .
They constitute a sort of little nobility , who feel themselves interested to defend the property and to support the authority of their own little sovereign in order that he may be able to defend their property and to support their authority .
Civil government , so far as it is instituted for the security of property , is in reality instituted for the defence of the rich against the poor , or of those who have some property against those who have none at all .
Adam Smith 's desire was that his economic observations would lead to widespread ownership of property by all people who would fairly share in the fruits of socially created value .
As a primary example of this we can see Smith 's statements on the effects of wages and profits on the price of goods :
In reality high profits tend much more to raise the price of work than high wages .
If in the linen manufacture , for example , the wages of the different working people ; the flax - dressers , the spinners , the weavers , etc. should , all of them , be advanced two pence a day : it would be necessary to heighten the price of a piece of linen only by a number of two pences equal to the number of people that had been employed about it , multiplied by the number of days during which they had been so employed .
That part of the price of the commodity which resolved itself into wages would , through all the different stages of the manufacture , rise only in arithmetical proportion to this rise of wages .
But if the profits of all the different employers of those working people should be raised five percent , that part of the price of the commodity which resolved itself into profit , would , through all the different stages of the manufacture , rise in geometrical proportion to this rise of profit .
The employer of the flax - dressers would in selling his flax require an additional five percent upon the whole value of the materials and wages which he advanced to his workmen .
The employer of the spinners would require an additional five percent both upon the advanced price of the flax and upon the wages of the spinners .
And the employer of the weavers would require a like five percent both upon the advanced price of the linen yarn and upon the wages of the weavers .
In raising the price of commodities the rise of wages operates in the same manner as simple interest does in the accumulation of debt .
The rise of profit operates like compound interest .
Our merchants and master - manufacturers complain much of the bad effects of high wages in raising the price , and thereby lessening the sale of their goods both at home and abroad .
They say nothing concerning the bad effects of high profits .
They are silent with regard to the pernicious effects of their own gains .
They complain only of those of other people .
And , of course , we see the exact same excuses being used by capitalists today to justify the depressing of the minimum wage , which is currently lower than it was back in 1950 .
So , there should be no confusion about which side even the founders of capitalism were on .
Smith , and men like him , were not out to promote the exploitation of populations for profit , they were out to document economic processes in order to better understand them so that economic principles could be better used to promote a fair and productive system , and that is exactly what we must continue to do today .
So , based on the understanding of capitalism that I have outlined here , what can be done in order to improve our system , make it more equitable , more productive , and more resilient ?
Ensure that capital is more evenly distributed among all members of society .
Reduce taxes on labor and increases taxes on capital .
Increase the progressiveness of taxation .
Promote true free trade , with trading partners who uphold equal standards of labor justice and environmental care Ensure that capital is more evenly distributed among all members of society Charles E. Merrill , the founder of Merrill Lynch , claimed that his goal was to " bring Wall Street to Main Street " .
Merrill spoke highly of the need to democratize American stock ownership .
In 1945 only 16 % of American households owned some stock and today over 50 % do .
The goal of popular investment is obviously a good one .
The majority of American stock ownership today is through pension plans , and despite the rise in the number of people who own at least some stock , stock ownership is still extremely concentrated in the hands of the top 1 % as the graph below illustrates .
http://www.ufenet.org/research/wealth_charts.html
As of 1998 79 % of capital funds were owned by the top 10 % of households .
Stock represents a share of ownership in " capital , " i.e. the means of production .
Investing is a means of sharing ownership of the means of production , but it is a way that respects private property rights and allows individuals to share ownership of capital directly , instead of through a State system .
The problem with investing as a tool for economic justice , however , is that you have to have money to invest , back to the ol ' " it takes money to make money " scenario ; in addition , as we have recently seen , the system is still not free from corruption .
Nevertheless , investment markets provide an excellent framework for establishing economic justice .
As Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis said : " We can have a democratic society or we can have great concentrated wealth in the hands of a few .
We can not have both . "
I firmly believe that we cannot have economic justice until every single American has an equitable share in investment markets .
As it stands now ownership of capital is highly concentrated in the hands of the wealthy .
There is n't any way to justify this or to claim that this is " a good thing " .
Its not a good thing , its unsafe for democracy , it leads to corruption , it creates economic instability , and its unfair given the fact that socially created wealth is realized by people who do not directly contribute to it simply because they hold a piece of paper that entitles them to it .
The system though , the investment system of stocks , bonds , etc. , can be a highly progressive tool if properly used by our society ; not as just a means for a few people to get rich quick , but as a means to distribute socially created wealth equitably in a structured way that is respectful of property rights and which puts ownership of " the means of production " directly in the hands of the individual , not in the hands of the State .
So , how would we go about doing this ?
My personal proposal would be to implement a Federal investment system .
Though the Federal government would be involved , its role would be purely administrative in nature , similar to the way the Federal government administers the Social Security program , except the government would actually play an even smaller role and individuals would have direct control over their own assets , so they would be out of reach of politicians .
A small flax tax could be implemented , which would be used to buy shares in a Federally held investment portfolio .
The investment portfolio would contain only index funds .
Every individual would have their own investment portfolio , and it would be just like an investment portfolio that people have now with private brokerage firms .
In fact the actual holdings could be outsourced to private brokerages such as Vanguard .
Shares in that portfolio would then be granted based on the number of hours that a person works .
That means that everyone who works 40 hours a week would receive exactly the same number of shares .
This would also greatly increase investing in American business as well , bringing more money into our investment system .
What this would do is help people who would not ordinarily be able to invest get a real piece of the American pie .
Poor and average Americans are never going to be able to " buy their way " into equality with the established giants of capital .
There may a be a few examples of " average people " who make it big , but the system as a whole is never going to naturally move towards greater economic equality , it will always naturally move towards greater economic disparity .
What has brought greater economic equality in America over the past 50 years has been FDR's New Deal program and government redistribution of wealth .
The rise of the American middle class during the 1950s and 1960s was a product of government assistance , not of the free market .
A system like what I am proposing would result in virtually all Americans being truly enfranchised , truly owning a piece of America .
We know that ownership is one of the greatest things that motivates people to be better stewards of property .
All you have to do is look at the difference between a neighborhood where people own homes compared to one where everyone is renting .
Essentially everyone who does not own a share of capital in America is " renting " prosperity .
If true ownership were more widely embraced by everyone then people would act more enfranchised because they would in fact be enfranchised and this would be reflected in society in the same manner that home ownership is reflected in society .
Ultimately something of this nature will have to be implemented because of mechanization and automation .
The ultimate goal for all of us is that we should all become true capitalists .
We should all become people whose primary means of income comes through property ownership , not labor .
That is ultimately what capitalism is about .
Being able to live off of investments should not be a privilege that is exclusive only to the top 1 % of Americans , and in global terms less that half a percent of global citizens .
We must recognize that we should all be working towards a day when every person on earth is a " capitalist " .
This graph shows Gross Domestic Product produced per work hour in America over time .
As you can see , by 1998 American workers were producing about 6 times as much " product " per hour as they were in 1910 .
That is to say that in 2 hours of work in 1998 the average " worker " produced as much " product " as was produced in 12 hours of work in 1910 .
You can see the link below the graph for more information about how this index is calculated .
http://pw1.netcom.com/~rdavis2/wagegap.html
The graph below is an illustration of the concept of the increasing role of capital income in our economy .
The graph shows a breakdown of the three major types of income in America , income from labor , capital , and transfer income ( income from the government ) .
The graph shows how we should expect of the role of each of these types of income to change over time under a system like I am proposing .
Without an increase in capital ownership what you would expect to see is an increase in Transfer income , i.e. an increase in the Welfare State .
The fact is that our system is continuing to develop in this direction , in the direction of a system where people are not needed for labor .
There will come a day when we simply do not need human labor to produce the majority of goods .
If people are required to work in order to be allowed to consume , yet we can produce the majority of goods with virtually no human labor , then how is anyone going to be able to buy the goods that we are capable of producing ?
Capitalism can solve this problem , but it can only be solved through true popular ownership .
As we advance technologically , in order to truly make the system continue to work , the share of ownership in the means of production needs to be constantly increasing .
Right now , the ability to buy into that system of ownership is the biggest hurdle that our society , and ultimately the world , faces .
If we do n't take action to ensure that capital ownership becomes increasingly democratic then the economic system will become limited , not by our ability to create , but instead by our lack of ability to consume , which will be limited purely by property rights .
Demand will exist , means to supply it will exist , but legal ability to consume will not be able to keep pace with either production capacity or consumption demands .
Reduce taxes on labor and increases taxes on capital Understanding that property is the ultimate means through which value is realized naturally leads to the conclusion that it is property that should ultimately bear the greatest burden of taxation , especially if we are to be working towards a system that will continually decrease the need for labor .
This has been recognized by many people , and it was in fact not until World War II and ultimately the adoption of Keynesian economic ideology , that anything different was ever considered in America .
Even Andrew Mellon , Republican Secretary of the Treasury from 1921 to 1932 , stated that capital should be taxed more highly than labor .
The fairness of taxing more lightly income from wages , salaries or from investments is beyond question .
In the first case , the income is uncertain and limited in duration ; sickness or death destroys it and old age diminishes it ; in the other , the source of income continues ; the income may be disposed of during a man 's life and it descends to his heirs .
Surely we can afford to make a distinction between the people whose only capital is their metal and physical energy and the people whose income is derived from investments .
Such a distinction would mean much to millions of American workers and would be an added inspiration to the man who must provide a competence during his few productive years to care for himself and his family when his earnings capacity is at an end .
Basically Mellon recognized that taxing labor more highly than profits from investments was highly unfair to those people who earned their money from day to day work , as others received money while they slept .
It is certainly just to tax actual work less than or equal to profits on investments ; in addition though , as our system evolves to become more efficient and more mechanized and the need for labor is reduced , what is happening is that workers are being replaced with machines , and every time that happens tax revenue is lost in terms of a share of GDP .
In other words a smaller a smaller portion of GDP is being taxed because we are getting more GDP per worker through the replacement of workers with machines .
As this happens , with a tax system that is based heavily on labor taxes , the tax burden is falling more and more on working class people , in addition to the changes in the tax brackets which themselves are also shifting the tax burden onto the middle class .
Not only is taxing capital more highly than , or equal to , labor more fair at face value , but its all the more fair considering the facts presented : that labor is how value is created and property rights are the ultimate way in which value is realized .
Without work , all capital is worthless .
What this would mean is increasing corporate income taxes and capital gains taxes , while at the same time reducing payroll taxes overall .
In fact Corporate income tax rates have been reduced dramatically over the past 20 years , representing one of the largest areas of tax cuts .
In addition to those changes , the Social Security tax cap should be removed as well .
The Social Security tax is currently capped at $ 87,000 which results in the highest burden in terms of the Social Security tax falling on those that earn under $ 87,000 in payroll income .
How should these things be done ?
Through moderate transition .
As capital income becomes a more significant portion of national income , taxation of capital should be slowly increased .
It would have to be or else revenue would be lost .
Increase the progressiveness of taxation
The validity of the concept of " flat taxation " is dependant on the existence of a 100 % fair and equitable economic system .
Our federal tax system has become increasingly flat since the the 1960s .
The degree to which a taxation system should be progressive is always a subjective matter to a degree , however " flat " taxation can only be supported based on the idea that our economic system is 100 % fair and equitable in the first place , and that all individuals receive the true measure of all of the value that they contribute to the system .
As I have laid out in the first part of this paper , this is not the case .
Wealthy people in America , and essentially every country , have advantages that others do not have .
As Theodore Roosevelt put it : ... National Government should impose a graduated inheritance tax , and , if possible , a graduated income tax .
The man of great wealth owes a peculiar obligation to the State , because he derives special advantages from the mere existence of government .
Not only should he recognize this obligation in the way he leads his daily life and in the way he earns and spends his money , but it should also be recognized by the way in which he pays for the protection the State gives him .
To presume that a man receiving $ 30,000 a year and a man receiving $ 30,000,000 a year are both taking equal advantage of the fruits of society and the State is absurd at face value , and likewise to assume that the individual who is receiving $ 30 million is contributing to society 1,000 times more than the individual receiving $ 30,000 is also absurd .
This would be to say that one CEO is more valuable to America than 1,000 school teachers .
The issue goes well beyond that though .
As I have shown above , much of the wealth which is realized by the wealthiest members of society is a product of socially created value , and thus the wealthy are , for the most part , receiving an " unfair " portion of the national income in the first place .
The idea of flat taxation only makes sense if you assume that everyone is getting exactly their " fair share " in the first place , which they are not .
As ownership of capital becomes more evenly distributed , then yes taxation can become less progressive , however , right now our underlying economic system is highly unjust and progressive taxation is a means to ensure greater economic justice .
Promote true free trade , with trading partners who uphold equal standards of labor justice and environmental care
The " free trade " debate is currently gaining attention in America today , however the press is not covering this issue honestly .
The debate is being framed as " free trade " versus " protectionism " , when in fact those are not the real positions .
The so - called " free traders , " i.e. global corporations , are not really promoting free trade , they are promoting increased trade that is made cheaper for certain organizations with protections for those organizations to limit labor competition .
The serious opponents to this so - called " free trade " are not " protectionists , " they are people who would like to see " real " free trade , without all the special protections for big corporations .
The problem with so called " free trade " is many fold .
Free trade was originally viewed by its proponents as beneficial in its ability to exchange goods between regions in such a way as to share goods that people do n't have access to locally .
For example , in the 1600s , furs from North America were valued in Europe and China and Chinese silk was valued in North America and Europe so furs from North America would be traded for silks from China , etc .
That is a case of exchanging goods that people do n't have access to locally in order to supply demand .
That 's great .
That is not what " free trade " is about today however .
Today the goods being traded , by and large , are capable of being produced anywhere .
In the 1600s the Chinese simply did not have beavers , and American colonists simply did not have silks .
They had to trade in order for both people to get these things .
Today we can build virtually anything in the world that can be built in America just as easily , if not more so , than it can be built anywhere else .
We do n't need to trade with China to get electronics , we can build electronics devices here .
What is really being traded today is labor power .
The biggest problem with so - called " free trade " is that what it ultimately does is make advancement of labor rights more difficult , and that is the real goal of this " free trade " movement as well , to hinder the advancement of labor rights .
The way that this " free trade " hinders labor rights is that companies are seeking to make it easier to move their production from place to place so that if workers in any area begin to unionize or gain increases in the minimum wage , or if wages go up in an area due to normal market demands , the companies can then easily pickup shop and move to a new location .
As they do this they can then constantly keep seeking the cheapest labor markets , which makes labor rights and advancements in quality of life more difficult because there is always the threat that the companies can simply move production to somewhere else .
Another problem is that the US government and these companies have significantly more influence in many foreign countries than they have at home here in America .
Money can be used in third world nations to influence policy and leadership .
The US has a well documented history of supporting anti-labor leaders in many countries all over the world , places like Indonesia / East Timor , South Korea , Nicaragua , Chile , and Honduras just to name a few .
This history goes back to the South America Banana Republics of the 1800s .
So , when companies are moving jobs out of America and into some third world country , they are doing it because they have a greater degree of control over the labor markets there than they do in the United States .
They hold more influence there , they can more easily bribe and persuade third world leaders and businessmen in these foreign countries than they can here in America .
All of these major companies court government and business leaders in third would countries and build strong relationships with them so that those people are loyal to their interests , instead of them being loyal to the interests of their fellow citizens .
Free trade is good , but free trade should be used to secure resources that we do n't have access to .
For example , if there is demand for pineapples and we can't grow them here , then yes we should import them from somewhere else .
However , free trade should not be used as way to simply empower corrupt regimes to benefit themselves at the expense of their own people in order to provide higher profits to American companies .
If that is what is going on , that is essentially American slavery all over again , and the fact is , that is what is going on .
Therefore , trade between the United States and foreign countries should come with conditions .
It should come with the conditions that workers must be fairly paid , they must have basic human labor rights , they must be allowed to independently unionize , they must have safe work environments , and some basic environmental regulations must be obeyed .
In addition , American citizens need to be well informed on the nature of these conditions in any trade agreement .
American citizens need to be well informed on how these companies really conduct themselves in foreign countries .
The fact is that labor power exists in all countries and so labor power is not something that really " needs " to be traded .
Labor power is only traded as a means to increase profits of a few at the expense of the many , not as a means to satisfy demands , which is the real purpose of free trade .
Ultimately we should be moving towards the implementation of global minimum wages and basic global labor standards .
Trade can become America 's greatest weapon to truly spread democracy and freedom to the world .
Look at how much money we spend on the military .
We can use trade to improve the living conditions of people all over the world if we want to , however for the past 50 years the opposite has been going on .
We have been using pressure to keep living conditions depressed in many countries in order to provide cheap labor .
That is exactly where the tension in this world is coming from .
If we use trade responsibly , and require American companies to be globally responsible , we can benefit not only ourselves , but all of humanity .
Summary Capitalism is all about property rights and ownership .
As individuals , we all need to be conscious of that and the real implications of what that means .
In order for the capitalist system to be fair , equitable , and functioning well , it also requires that everyone understand the role of capital in the economy .
The more widely distributed ownership of capital is the more fair the system is and the better the system functions , yet the tendency in capitalist systems is for ownership of capital to become consolidated .
As progress is made so that mechanization and computerization account for a larger and larger portion of the manufacture of goods and services it becomes increasingly important for all citizens to share ownership of capital .
We are all contributing to the value of capital , yet only owners of capital realize that value , therefore everyone who is not an owner of capital is losing out on value that they themselves are contributing to our economic system .
Investing provides an excellent means to share ownership of capital , however , due to the fact that it requires money to buy into the investment system , and due to the fact that we are all contributing to the value of capital , it would be a great justice to find some other means to distribute capital to more people .
In addition to the issue of " fairness " , economic principles dictate that if ownership of capital is not more evenly distributed then our economy will become limited by the needs of laborers instead of by our social potential to produce .
Therefore it is ultimately in everyone 's best interest that ownership of capital be more evenly distributed .
Understanding Capitalism Part II - Personal Property , Money and Finance Understanding Capitalism Part III - Wages and Labor Markets Understanding Capitalism Part IV - Capitalism and Culture
A U.S. government office in Quantico , Virginia , has direct , high - speed access to a major wireless carrier 's systems , exposing customers ' voice calls , data packets and physical movements to uncontrolled surveillance , according to a computer security consultant who says he worked for the carrier in late 2003 .
" What I thought was alarming is how this carrier ended up essentially allowing a third party outside their organization to have unfettered access to their environment , " Babak Pasdar , now CEO of New York - based Bat Blue told THREAT LEVEL .
" I wanted to put some access controls around it ; they vehemently denied it .
And when I wanted to put some logging around it , they denied that . "
Pasdar wo n't name the wireless carrier in question , but his claims are nearly identical to unsourced allegations made in a federal lawsuit filed in 2006 against four phone companies and the U.S. government for alleged privacy violations .
That suit names Verizon Wireless as the culprit .
Pasdar has executed a seven - page affidavit for the nonprofit Government Accountability Project in Washington , which on Tuesday began circulating the document ( .pdf ) , along with talking points ( .doc ) , to congressional staffers hashing out a Republican proposal to grant retroactive legal immunity to phone companies who cooperated in the warrantless wiretapping of Americans .
According to his affidavit , Pasdar tumbled to the surveillance superhighway in September 2003 , when he led a " Rapid Deployment " team hired to revamp security on the carrier 's internal network .
He noticed that the carrier 's officials got squirrelly when he asked about a mysterious " Quantico Circuit " – a 45 megabit / second DS - 3 line linking its most sensitive network to an unnamed third party .
Quantico , Virginia , is home to a Marine base .
But perhaps more relevantly , it's also the center of the FBI 's electronic surveillance operations .
" The circuit was tied to the organization 's core network , " Pasdar writes in his affidavit .
" It had access to the billing system , text messaging , fraud detection , web site , and pretty much all the systems in the data center without apparent restrictions . "
The 2006 lawsuit ( .pdf ) , which is suspended pending an appeals court ruling , describes a similar arrangement , naming Verizon .
Because the data center was a clearing house for all Verizon Wireless calls , the transmission line provided the Quantico recipient direct access to all content and all information concerning the origin and termination of telephone calls placed on the
Verizon Wireless network as well as the actual content of calls .
The transmission line was unprotected by any firewall and would have enabled the recipient on the Quantico end to have unfettered access to Verizon Wireless customer records , data and information .
Any customer databases , records and information could be downloaded from this center .
That does n't mean Pasdar 's affidavit confirms the claims in the lawsuit .
He acknowledges speaking with the attorneys on that lawsuit before it was filed , so he may be the source in that complaint as well .
But he insists he did not name Verizon or any other phone company to the lawyers .
" I do n't know if I have a smoking gun , but I 'm certainly fairly confident in what I saw and I 'm convinced it was being leveraged in a less than forthright and upfront manner , " Pasdar says .
Verizon spokesman Peter Thonis says he can't confirm or deny a Quantico arrangement , or comment on whether Pasdar did contract work for the company .
" What you 're talking about sounds as if it would be classified and involving national security , so I would n't be able to find out the facts , " Thonis writes in an e-mail .
__Postscript : __In response to some of the comments here and elsewhere : No , it 's not CALEA .
CALEA requires phone companies to give the FBI real time access to call content and call detail information on specific targets when presented with a warrant .
It does not oblige them to give the FBI or anyone else direct unmonitored access to switches , billing systems or databases .
For more on the FBI 's CALEA network , check out Ryan 's article on the subject from last year .
Update : Democratic leaders in the House are taking Pasdar 's claims seriously .
John Dingell , the chairman of the Energy and Commerce committee , wrote a Dear Colleague letter ( .pdf ) today , addressing the issue .
Mr. Pasdar 's allegations are not new to the Committee on Energy and Commerce , but our attempts to verify and investigate them further have been blocked at every turn by the Administration .
Moreover , the whistleblower 's allegations echo those in an affidavit filed by Mark Klein , a retired AT&T technician , in the Electronic Frontier Foundation 's lawsuit against AT&T .
...
Because legislators should not vote before they have sufficient facts , we continue to insist that all House Members be given access to the necessary information , including the relevant documents underlying this matter , to make an informed decision on their vote .
After reviewing the documentation and these latest allegations , Members should be given adequate time to properly evaluate the separate question of retroactive immunity . "
Image : FBI.gov
See Also :
Culture & Entertainment
By : Karen Robock
It ’s time to kick those eco-efforts up a notch .
We ’ve got a cheat sheet of smart shortcuts , clever swaps and easy ways to green your home — and your days .
Read More
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Americans are falling further behind on consumer loans , with late payments rising to the highest level since the nation ’s last recession in 2001 , data released Thursday show .
Holiday shoppers cross Seventh Avenue in New York , November 23 , 2007 .
Americans are falling further behind on consumer loans , with late payments rising to the highest level since the nation 's last recession in 2001 , data released Thursday show .
REUTERS / Ray Stubblebine
In its quarterly study of consumer borrowing , the American Bankers Association said the percentage of loans at least 30 days past due rose to 2.44 percent in the July - to - September period from 2.27 percent in the previous quarter .
The delinquency rate , which covers eight loan categories , was the highest since a 2.51 percent rate in the second quarter of 2001 .
Late payments on some types of loans rose to levels not seen since the 1990s .
The ABA attributed some of the summer increase to rising oil prices and the inability of thousands of homeowners to keep up with mortgage payments .
“ Those little expenses that keep sucking dollars out of wallets every month are what have the most impact on people ’s ability to pay their consumer loans , ” Chief Economist James Chessen said in an interview .
“ My concern is that delinquencies will continue to rise , because the housing problem will worsen , and disposable income will not stretch as far , ” he added .
“ Lenders will need to take a second or third look at any consumer loans they make . ”
Foreclosures set a record in the third quarter , the Mortgage Bankers Association said on December 6 .
Many borrowers have struggled to make mortgage payments as their low initial rates reset higher , while falling home prices left others owing more than their homes are worth .
The ABA said its study covers more than 300 banks that have extended a majority of outstanding consumer loans .
Losses tied to mortgages and deteriorating credit markets are expected to hurt year - end results at large lenders such as Citigroup Inc , Bank of America Corp , Wachovia Corp and Wells Fargo & Co , among others .
In the July - to - September period , the delinquency rate on home equity loans rose to a two - year high of 2.28 percent from 1.99 percent in the prior quarter , the ABA said .
The rate of late payments on home equity lines of credit rose to 0.84 percent , the highest since the fourth quarter of 1997 .
Meanwhile , late payments on “ indirect ” auto loans , which are made through dealerships , totaled 2.86 percent in the third quarter , a 16 - year high .
Credit - card delinquencies fell to 4.18 percent from 4.39 percent in the second quarter .
“ The hope is that will continue , ” Chessen said , “ but that relies on job and income growth , which are tied to the strength of the economy . ”
The ABA study also covers direct auto , marine , mobile home , personal , property improvement and recreational vehicle loans .
Kosovo ’s declaration of independence destabilises Europe
By Chris Marsden
18 February 2008
Yesterday ’s declaration of independence from Serbia by Kosovo ’s parliament brings the world a step closer to another war on European soil .
The move has been prepared and encouraged by the United States and the European powers in a deliberate attempt to stoke hostilities with Russia .
Kosovan Prime Minister Hacim
Thaci declared “ The independence of Kosovo marks the end of the dissolution of the former Yugoslavia , ” while Serbia ’s Prime Minister Vojislav Kostunica called Kosovo a “ false state ” .
The unilateral move by Kosovo is expected to win the support of the US and the EU today , in the face of strenuous objections from both Serbia and Russia that this action is a flagrant breach of international law .
Kosovo has long been the focus of bitter conflict between the Serbian government and separatist forces from the territory ’s majority ethnic Albanians , most notably the Kosovo Liberation Army ( KLA ) .
These conflicts were utilised by the Western powers to facilitate the break up of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and thereby secure their domination of a region considered strategic in securing control of oil , gas and mineral deposits in territories previously dominated by the Soviet Union .
The KLA was secretly armed and trained by the US and Germany , while Washington officially designated it as a terrorist organisation funded by heroin trafficking .
In 1996 , it began targeting Serb police units in Kosovo , sparking a military conflict with the Serbian regime of Slobodan Milosevic that , by 1998 , saw the province divided along ethnic lines .
The KLA took control of between 25 to 40 percent of Kosovo in mid-1998 before Serb forces wrested the KLA - held area back .
The imminent defeat of the KLA prompted direct intervention by NATO in 1999 , justified in the name of opposing ethnic cleansing and atrocities by Serbian forces .
The war ended on June 10 after a 78 - day aerial bombardment of Serbian forces and Serbia itself .
Its end saw a military standoff between British and Russian forces at Pristina airport .
Kosovo was placed under the control of the United Nations , but on terms that reflected the tense power struggle for regional hegemony between the US and EU on one side , and Russia on the other .
Kosovo has a population of just two million , of whom the majority are ethnic Albanian .
But there remained a minority of Serbs , which even today , after campaigns of ethnic cleansing , numbers around 120,000 .
Resolution 1244 of June 10 , 1999 ordered the withdrawal of Yugoslav forces and the handing over of Kosovo to the control of the UN Security Council — of which Russia is a permanent member — and its military mission , KFOR .
It made no mention of independence and was based on the general principle of “ facilitating a political process designed to determine Kosovo ’s future status ” and a “ political solution to the Kosovo crisis ” .
Its preamble referred specifically to the “ territorial integrity ” of Yugoslavia , and Article 10 authorises only “ substantial autonomy within the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia ” and deployment “ under United Nations auspices ” .
However , since the West engineered the downfall of Milosevic in September 2000 and the subsequent inauguration of Bush as president , the US has been pushing for Kosovo ’s independence .
Bush visited Albania last June and has challenged Russia to try and block independence on the Security Council .
This is only one example of the worsening relations between Moscow and Washington .
Hostilities have emerged over control of the Middle East ’s and Central Asia ’s energy supplies , as well as Washington ’s threat to set up rocket silos in Poland and a radar system in the Czech Republic as part of its so - called “ missile shield ” .
The US won the support of Europe ’s major states — most notably Germany , France and the UK — so as to use the European Union as an instrument for bypassing the Security Council and facilitating a final push for a limited form of independence for Kosovo on terms drawn up for the UN by former Finnish president , Martti Ahtisaari .
The limitations supposedly include international supervision , a limit to its armed forces and commitments to protect the Serbs and other minorities .
Kosovo is not allowed to join another country , meaning Albania .
The EU has already approved the dispatch of a 2,000 - strong police and justice mission to Kosovo to take over a watchdog role from the United Nations in June .
Deployment is to be staggered , but by June 1,500 police officers including special anti-riot units , 250 judges , prosecutors and customs officials will be in place .
They will come from Germany and Italy , as well as the US .
NATO troops will continue to be stationed there .
The EU mission statement declares baldly that independence for Kosovo is within the spirit of Resolution 1244 and that “ once an entity has emerged as a state in the sense of international law , a political decision can be taken to recognise it . ”
The move has been denounced by Moscow and the pro-Western Serbian government of President Boris Tadic , who was only installed last week and is opposed by more nationalist parties .
Both insist that Serbia is a sovereign state that has not agreed to independence for Kosovo .
There is no Security Council resolution authorising the independence of Kosovo from Serbia , and both insist it is therefore illegal .
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov declared February 12 : “ We are speaking here about the subversion of all the foundations of international law , about the subversion of those principles which , at huge effort , and at the cost of Europe ’s pain , sacrifice and bloodletting have been earned and laid down as a basis of its existence .
“ We are speaking about a subversion of those principles on which the Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe rests , those [ principles ] laid down in the fundamental documents of the UN . ”
The Russian foreign ministry warned on Friday it would have to “ take into account ” any declaration of independence by Kosovo in regard to its relations with Georgia ’s breakaway regions of Abkhazia and South Ossetia .
Kosovo ’s independence “ presupposes a revision of commonly accepted norms and principles of international law ” that govern separatist movements from Moldova to Indonesia , it added .
This followed the statements made by President Vladimir Putin at his final annual press conference in the Kremlin before stepping down that any declaration of statehood would be “ illegal , ill - conceived and immoral ” .
Putin argued that Kosovo was in the same category as separatist conflicts in parts of the former Soviet Union , such as Abkhazia , South Ossetia and Trans - Dniester and warned that Russia would be forced to act .
“ Other countries look after their interests .
We consider it appropriate to look after our interests .
We have done some homework and we know what we will do , ” he threatened .
Fears have been raised that Russia will now back separatist demands , destabilising the US allies , Georgia and Ukraine .
But there are broader fears that developments in Kosovo will unleash separatist demands throughout Europe .
Serbia ’s foreign minister , Vuk Jeremic , warned of a precedent that would lead to “ an uncontrolled cascade of secession ” .
“ Should Serbia be partitioned against its will ... it could in turn result in the escalation of many existing conflicts , the reactivation of a number of frozen conflicts , and the instigation of who knows how many new conflicts , ” he warned .
Serbia has threatened to blockade Kosovo and cut its power and telephone systems .
But Moscow ’s responses are far more important and threaten a direct conflict with the US .
Speaking alongside Ukrainian President Viktor Yushchenko in Moscow last week , Putin said Russia may target its missiles at Ukraine if it joins NATO and accepts the deployment of the US missile defence shield .
“ It is terrifying even to think that in response , Russia could target its nuclear missile systems against Ukraine .
This is what worries us , ” Putin said .
US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice denounced Russia for “ intimidating its neighbours ” , stating that the “ reprehensible rhetoric that is coming out of Moscow is unacceptable ” and declaring that Washington was “ devoted to the independence and sovereignty of Ukraine and of other states that were once a part of the Soviet Union . ”
It is against this background that the move towards Kosovan independence must be judged .
In reality what is being created is nothing more than a Western protectorate .
It will be administered by the EU , but will act as a spearhead of a more general US - led offensive against a Russia that is resurgent , thanks to its growing revenues from oil and gas .
In every respect , it represents a grave threat to the peoples of Europe and the entire world .
In Kosovo itself , Serbia has denied that it will respond militarily , while the former KLA leader , Thaci , has vowed to protect the rights of minorities and ensure “ security for all citizens ” .
Neither pledge counts for much .
The 16,000 - strong NATO force is already preparing for conflict .
About half of the Serb population lives south of the Ibar River in enclaves among the overwhelmingly ethnic Albanian population .
The rest are in Serb - dominated areas in the north , where around 5,000 ethnic Albanians live .
In the northern part of the divided border town of Mitrovica , Serb leaders announced they would form their own parliament answering only to Belgrade .
Troops have laid concrete and razor - wire barriers .
Britain , already under pressure in Afghanistan and Iraq , is now expected to send up to 1,000 extra troops to Kosovo and has placed its last remaining reserve battalion , the Spearhead Lead Element , on standby to deploy .
Speaking to the Daily Telegraph , Major General Martin Rutledge , who is in charge of policing Kosovo , warned , “ If my office got it wrong we could significantly destabilise events that are going to unfold in the next few months .
I do n’t think that ’s an overstatement .
We are playing for quite high stakes . ”
The Telegraph notes that for the past nine years , “ the military ambitions of the former Kosovo Liberation Army ’s leaders have been curtailed by absorbing its commanders into the Kosovo Protection Corps ( KPC ) — a civil defence force which acts as a fire service and is partly armed . ”
The force is to halve in size after independence .
“ If we lost their trust they would have every opportunity to go off and do things we would not want them to , ” said Rutledge .
“ They certainly know where the weapons are and how to get weapons so it is very important to dissolve them with dignity ...
In this environment it only needs few people to do something inappropriate . ”
Fear of such a development , of mounting conflict with Russia , and of the spread of separatist sentiment has led to divisions within Europe , with Greece , Spain , Cyprus , Slovakia , Portugal , Malta , Bulgaria and Romania arguing against a declaration of independence .
Some of the 27 EU nations are expected to state their formal opposition to the setting up of a Kosovo state today .
Events prompted the Guardian ’s Simon Tisdall to warn of “ a moment of great peril for Europe ...
As the UN bows out , Kosovo will effectively become an EU protectorate , under its costly , possibly indefinite supervision .
Whether the EU countries , divided among themselves , endemically infirm of purpose , and facing many other demands on military and nation - building resources ( such as Bosnia , Chad , Lebanon and Afghanistan ) are equal to this task is open to question . ”
Corn : Fueling the Fast Food Industry and Obesity A new film exposes how the crop is fueling the obesity epidemic in the U.S .
March 13 , 2008  --
Corn is in everything we eat and drink , from soda to beef , and it 's fueling the nation 's obesity epidemic .
" King Corn " is Ian Cheney and Curt Ellis ' new documentary , which shows how corn has turned the American diet into a fast food nightmare .
The college buddies joined " Good Morning America " today to talk about the corn industry and the farming experiment that inspired the film .
They met at college on regular trips to the campus doughnut store .
Like the rest of their generation , they grew up loving the kind of fast food that is causing an obesity epidemic in the United States .
After graduation , they left city life on the East Coast and became farmers in Iowa to learn where their food came from .
They chose an acre of land and planted corn because they realized most of the food they ate is crammed with it -- doughnuts , hamburgers , soda and more .
After nine months , the 31,000 seeds they planted on just one acre had turned into a 10,000 - pound harvest of corn .
That much crop could yield 57,348 cans of soda , 3,894 corn - fed hamburgers , 2,301 pounds of bacon or 6,726 boxes of frosted corn flakes
Cheney and Ellis turned 63 percent of their harvest into feed for livestock , 32 percent into ethanol and 5 percent into sweeteners , such as corn syrup .
As they realized how much corn was actually going into their diet , the pair got their hair analyzed to find out how much corn was in their bodies .
Cheney discovered he had 58 percent ; Ellis , 53 percent .
Click here to learn more about the documentary " King Corn . "
National Corn Growers Association Statement on ' King Corn '
" King Corn " could have been an excellent vehicle to educate viewers on the dedication and hard work of U.S. corn growers , yet it failed to cultivate real knowledge about corn production .
The film does not match current realities in corn production .
Filmed back in 2005 , it makes much of overproduction , low prices , surplus corn and producing corn for no value or reason .
That is quite a contrast to the situation we are in now , where both demand and prices are higher .
Finally , it is ironic that a movie that claims subsidies have distorted farmers ' planting decisions and consumers ' eating habits is itself a production funded by a government subsidy .
Corn Refiners Association On - Air Statement -- ' King Corn '
New research continues to confirm that high fructose corn syrup is no different from other sweeteners .
It has the same number of calories as sugar and honey .
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has long recognized that high fructose corn syrup is safe .
No single food or ingredient is the sole cause of obesity .
Rather , too many calories and too little exercise is a primary cause .
Consumption of high fructose corn syrup has been dropping in recent years , yet the rates of obesity and diabetes in the United States continue to rise .
Moreover , many other parts of the world have rising rates of obesity and diabetes , despite having little or no high fructose corn syrup in their foods and beverages .
To learn about high fructose corn syrup , click here to visit HFCSfacts.com
The Corn Refiners Association is the national trade association representing the corn refining industry in the United States .
CRA and its predecessors have served this segment of American agribusiness since 1913 .
Click here to visit the Corn Refiners Association .
Click here to visit the National Corn Growers Association .
Patrick Swayze , the US dancer and starring actor of such hit films as Dirty Dancing and Ghost , has been diagnosed with pancreatic cancer , published reports said today .
Swayze , 55 , was diagnosed with cancer more than a month ago , the New York Post reported on its website , citing a representative for the actor .
" Patrick has a very limited amount of disease and he appears to be responding well to treatment thus far .
But that 's just the tip of the iceberg for Australia 's biggest nerd , whose entire house is connected to a central processor and can be controlled remotely via a computer or mobile phone .
Teeming with technology , the abode conjures up images of The Jetsons but , much to the surprise of visitors , the house looks no less ordinary than a typical suburban dwelling .
Wires , switches and gizmos are concealed , true to Oxer 's philosophy of " having everything work invisibly " .
A magnetic switch installed inside his letterbox detects when mail is inserted and occupants are notified via either the house computer , email or SMS .
The garden irrigation system , too , is fully automated and computer - controlled .
Oxer 's doorbell does n't ring - instead , button presses are detected by the computer , which then activates a camera to stream video to TVs around the house showing who is at the door .
If nobody is home , a picture message is sent to Oxer 's mobile and he can choose to let the person in remotely .
Inside , curtains , doors , lights and windows are all wired up so they can be controlled electronically .
" You can go to bed and realise that you left the light on at the other end of the house and be able to turn it off without getting out of bed , using an interface on a mobile phone or using a telephone keypad , " said Oxer .
" You can do things like issue a single command when you leave the house to tell it to go into lock mode and know that every single door is locked , all the curtains are closed and all the windows are closed , without checking them individually . "
In the bathroom , lights and curtains are computer controlled and a keypad on the wall lets
Oxer set the water temperature .
Issuing the " shower " command turns all the lights on , closes the windows and curtains and sets the water temperature to 41C .
Oxer , who recently retired as head of the Linux Australia community group , holds down a full - time job as technical director of Internet Vision Technologies , which he formed in 2000 .
He said the entire home automation project cost him " a couple of thousand dollars " because he did most of the work himself .
" The major cost is time rather than money because a lot of what I 've done has been modifying off - the - shelf equipment rather than buying expensive equipment designed specifically for [ home ] automation , " he said .
Oxer lives in the high - tech house with his wife , Ann , and their two children .
Far from eating into precious family time , Oxer 's electronics obsession - sparked by a technician who lived in a bungalow at the back of his childhood house when he was five - has actually turned him into a trophy husband .
" She [ Ann ] actually finds it quite entertaining and whenever I 've done something new and guests come over she 's the first person to go around demonstrating it , " he said .
One of Oxer 's next projects is to modify the bathroom scales with a Bluetooth - enabled mini computer that reports weight measurements to the house computer .
The data would be logged in a spreadsheet , allowing graphs to be generated showing progress over time .
Another plan for this year is to modify his car with a Linux - based computer to allow constant access to the internet .
It could then talk to the house computer and " report back information from the engine management system and GPS data " .
Asked for the practical uses of such a system , Oxer said he was n't exactly sure yet .
Indeed , many of Oxer 's projects were started purely for the challenge and the practical benefits only became clear once they were completed .
" I treat it like a toy and I have a lot of fun modifying and reinventing things , so it 's a hobby really , " Oxer said .
A couple of things John McCain said at his press conference this morning did n’t pass the smell test .
The first was when he claimed that the then - chairman of the FCC said that it was “ more than an appropriate role ” for McCain to have sent a letter to the Commission about a pending matter , one that involved a lobbying client of Vicki Iseman’s .
Paul Kiel tackles that one at TPMmuckraker .
The other comment from McCain that rang as false was when he said that he had not tried to get The Times to spike the story .
He personally may not have , but his campaign staff certainly did , according to a number of reports , including the latest from The New Republic .
Its exhaustive backgrounder on the story behind the story describes some of the McCain camp pushback :
From the outset , the Times reporters encountered stiff resistance from the McCain camp .
After working on the story for several weeks , Thompson learned that McCain had personally retained Bill Clinton ’s former attorney Bob Bennett to defend himself against the Times ’ questioning .
At the same time , two McCain campaign advisers , Mark Salter and Charlie Black , vigorously pressed the Times reporters to drop the matter .
And in early December , McCain himself called Keller to deny the allegations on the record .
â ¦
“ There ’s absolutely no story there .
And it ’d be a mistake for you to write about a non-story that did n’t run , ” McCain adviser Charlie Black told me last week .
“ Drudge should n’t have put that up .
He did n’t know what the hell he was doing . ” â ¦
Two members of the McCain team had contacted TNR ’s editor to pressure him not to investigate the story .
â ¦
Let ’s be clear .
Pushback is normal , and there ’s not anything particularly unusual about the pushback that occurred here .
But it certainly seems to have occurred , contrary to what McCain suggested at his press conference .
Tamper resistance of Chip & PIN ( EMV ) terminals
by Saar Drimer and Steven J. Murdoch
Executive summary
We demonstrate how fraudsters could collect card details and PINs , despite the victims taking all due care to protect their information .
This means that customers should not automatically be considered liable for fraud , simply because the PIN was used .
Even though a customer 's PIN might have been compromised , this is not conclusive evidence that he or she has been negligent .
Background
EMV ( named after its founders Europay , Mastercard and Visa ) is the standard on how smartcards used for payment communicate with the terminal in shops .
In the UK , the system based around EMV is known as Chip & PIN .
The Chip & PIN terminals used are said to be “ tamper resistant ” , which they are to the extent that they protect the banks but not the customer .
To demonstrate this we have purchased a Chip & PIN terminal off of eBay and modified it such that it is completely under our control .
To show that this is indeed the case , we have made it play Tetris .
You may watch a video of our Tetris playing terminal on YouTube or a better quality version on our group 's weblog .
Questions and answers
What exactly did you demonstrate and how did you do it ?
We demonstrated that a Chip & PIN terminal can be opened , its internal hardware replaced , and that it can be re-assembled without external evidence .
We also demonstrated that with the new internal hardware , everything is under our control : the card reader , the LCD display and the keypad .
This means that the card reader can record information from the chip and display it on the screen .
The data from the keypad , such as a PIN , can also be recorded .
We purchased a Chip & PIN terminal off eBay and removed most of the internal components but left the screen , keyboard and card reader intact , such that to a customer it looked unchanged .
Then we added our own electronics which controlled the screen , keyboard and card reader .
Since the new electronics was designed by us , we could write software which made the terminal appear to behave just like a normal Chip & PIN terminal while collecting card details and PINs entered .
How can such a fake terminal benefit a criminal ?
The card details that may be collected with such a terminal would allow us to make cards with a fake magnetic stripe , which along with the PIN , will allow a fraudster to make purchases abroad , as confirmed by APACS .
We have also found that magnetic stripe counterfeits will also work in many UK ATMs too .
Fraudsters could also make cards with fake chips , which would work in offline transactions ( ones where the merchant does not phone the bank to verify the card is legitimate ) .
According to the Daily Mail 20 % of transactions in the UK are offline .
That said , at the moment there are likely easier ways to commit fraud .
Since criminals will take the easiest route to making money , this could remain uncommon for a while .
As banks close off other loopholes that criminals are currently exploiting , fraudsters could begin adopting techniques similar to the one we discuss here .
A fake terminal can also be use as part of a “ relay attack ” , allowing fraudulent chip transactions to be place .
Further details are available on our page : “ Chip & PIN ( EMV ) relay attacks ” .
Can a fake terminal be used on the “ high street ” ?
The environment in which such terminal would be placed will vary , but can be done potentially anywhere where strict mechanisms are not enforced to prevent it , such as regular inspections of the equipment .
Retailers should be diligent to observe that none of their terminals have been altered or replaced with fake ones .
The replacement could be performed by a corrupt employee or someone posing to be a service technician .
This , of course , assumes that the merchant is not corrupt .
We estimate that the equipment needed to perform this attack costs less than £ 250 , and is easily available from online electronics shops .
Everything we used is general purpose hardware with many legitimate uses , so buying it should not raise suspicion .
Only moderate technical skill in electronics are needed and it took around a month for us to build and test the equipment .
After this stage , building any subsequent fake terminals would be much cheaper and faster , probably taking less than a day each .
Similar attacks have been seen in practice , such as the Shell Chip & PIN fraud in May 2006 .
The details of this are still unclear so we are not sure whether they replaced the insides of the terminal ( as we did ) or somehow modified the existing hardware to collect card details and PINs .
Is there anything customers could do to protect themselves ?
The customers have no way to identify if a terminal is real or fake .
There are many different kinds of terminals out there with no way to verify their legitimacy ( 84 manufacturers and 292 terminals , as of January 2007 ) .
The tamper resistance in terminals stops them from communicating with the bank but do not leave any external marks that could be observed by the user .
Even if such marks existed , the entire user population would need to be trained to looks for them , which is infeasible .
In reality , the tamper resistance protects the banks , not the customers .
How safe , in general , are the Chip & PIN terminals ?
While the terminals themselves incorporate some tamper - detection mechanisms , the vulnerabilities lie in the Chip & PIN system , rather than individual terminals .
The security of the Chip & PIN system is built on the underlying premise that customers and merchants can trust terminals they interact with .
We have shown this to be false .
The new risk to victims of fraud is that the banks are taking the position that if a PIN was used for a transaction , the customer must be liable .
This is based on the belief , despite repeated demonstrations otherwise , that Chip & PIN is infallible .
The problem , then , is not that Chip & PIN is insecure ( it is more secure than the magnetic stripe it replaced ) , but that there is a very wide gap between its perceived and actual security .
Is it a problem that the terminal you used is not approved by the banks ?
Although our prototype uses a terminal which is not approved in the UK , this is not relevant to the security problem at hand .
The right question to ask is whether customers will know it is n't approved and refuse insert their card and enter their PIN into the terminal ; the answer to this question is no .
There are so many different types of terminals currently in use that customers cannot be reasonably expected to remember them all .
If the fraudster wished to make an identical terminal , even approved , tamper - resistant terminals can be easily modified , simply by removing electronics as we have done .
Alternatively , the fraudster could build a new plastic enclosure identical to those of commercially available Chip & PIN terminals .
This option would not be as cheap , but the cost could be easily recouped by just a few fraudulent transactions .
Are there other ways to tamper with the machines ?
The terminals do incorporate anti-tampering protection , but when triggered they only prevent the terminal processing real transactions .
Since we only implemented collecting card details , and cards will reveal these to anyone , these protections were no obstacle .
Tampered or not , to a customer the terminal will look , and behave , just as normal .
However , if fraudsters wanted to keep the terminal operating normally from the banks perspective ( i.e. the legitimate transactions go through ) , they could attempt to bypass the tamper protection mechanisms .
With access to a few terminals to experiment on , this is likely to be feasible to a sufficiently motivated , funded , and creative criminal .
Why were they introduced if they are unsafe ?
Chip & PIN allows the banks to shift liability for fraud from themselves onto customers .
We described this in a paper “ Chip and Spin ” in March 2005 .
Whereas with signature based transactions , it is on the bank to prove the customer authorised the payment , with PIN based transactions , the banks are assuming the customer is liable unless the customer can show otherwise .
We have seen the impact of this move in the increasing number of complaints of banks claiming to victims of fraud , that since a PIN was used , either the customer was negligent in protecting their PIN , or they were attempting to defraud the bank by making false claims .
Our demonstration shows that even customers who are very careful in using their Chip & PIN card can have their PIN and account details recorded .
Why are you doing this work ?
Our goal is to reduce fraud .
By discussing potential vulnerabilities in Chip & PIN we hope to raise awareness and so help merchants and banks detect when this fraud is being perpetrated .
Also , this work could motivate future improvement to Chip & PIN to resist these types of attack .
Finally , we hope this page will clarify some misconceptions over the actual security of Chip & PIN , and help the victims of fraud demonstrate their case to be refunded .
How is it different from the “ interceptor ” ?
The interceptor listens in on the communication between the card and terminal , and can also modify the transaction .
Our current demonstration simply created a legitimate looking , fake , terminal that emulates a real one .
The children of immigrants are the largest threat to Danish society , says Torsten Hesselbjerg , head of the Danish police , in an interview with the morning newspaper Jyllands - Posten .
They are responsible for the heaviest forms of crime , drugs dealing , but for them , honor , prestige and power are parts of the game too .
Torsten Hesselbjerg has been the head of the Danish police since 2000 , as the so - called rigspolitichef .
In an interview with the Danish newspaper Jyllands - Posten Saturday morning he says that a list of 141 names forms the largest challenge for the Danish police right now , but young migrants worry him the most as he sees them as the largest threat to order and rest in society .
These young migrants commit all sorts of heavy crime , but focus particularly on drugs .
However , for these people , concepts like honor , prestige and power are part of the game too .
Right now , Danish police tracks fourteen criminal organizations with a total of 141 members at « level 1 » , a term the Danish police uses for the most influential and active criminals in the underworld of organized crime .
According to a police report , these criminals have access to weapons and explosives , and are prepared to use both of them in their struggle to keep control over the drugs market and to maintain their own version of honor .
Torsten Hesselbjerg points out that the Copenhagen district of Nørrebro and the area West of the Danish capital ( known as Københavns Vestegn ) were hit particularly hard at the end of 2007 and in the beginning of 2008 by shootings and unrest amongst migrants , but no persons at « level 1 » were involved in these incidents .
Both Nørrebro and Københavns Vestegn are housing large groups of migrants .
Not only young migrants but also organizations like the Hells Angels and Bandidos participate in organized crime , but at the same time , these groups have come more and more under pressure from young migrants .
This is one of the reasons why the Hells Angels recently have started a new group , A81 , recruiting mostly among younger people .
Finally , Torsten Hesselbjerg thinks that the largest challenge for the Danish police next week will be to prevent young migrants from setting fire to the streets in Denmark again during the Easter school holidays , just like they did during the last school holiday in February .
ASCII Poster converts any image into a giant PDF poster suitable for mounting on your wall .
Each poster is made completely from ordinary letters and numbers .
When viewed from a distance the characters on your poster give the illusion of giant image .
You can make your own poster in three easy steps .
" The majority of Republicans prefer progress with messy compromise over defeat with pristine principles .
Compromise is part of politics .
And it is especially part of politics if you are the minority party ...
The road to our comeback is clear .
The California Republican Party should be a right - of - center party that occupies the broad middle of California .
That is a lush , green , abandoned political space .
It can be ours . "
Schwarzenegger has long been at odds with the conservative elements of the party that tend to dominate policy positions , though he has twice proven his popularity with the rank - and - file members and with independents .
Tonight the governor homed in on his greenhouse - emission policies , which he said three - quarters of party members support : " They want this party to do something more about climate change than simply doubt it . "
And he made the same point about healthcare reform on his way to a plea to shift the party from the political right to closer to the center .
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger tonight threw down the gauntlet with his own party , lecturing some 1,200 people at the semiannual Republican state convention in Indian Wells that the party was " dying at the box office " because it has " lost the middle .
And we will not regain true political power in California until we get it back , " according to Schwarzenegger 's prepared remarks .
PREPARED TEXT OF GOVERNOR SCHWARZENEGGER'S FALL 2007 CALIFORNIA REPUBLICAN PARTY STATE CONVENTION SPEECH
Below is the prepared text of Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger 's speech to be delivered at the California Republican Party Fall Convention .
These remarks are embargoed until the Governor delivers his address , which is expected to begin at approximately 7:30 p.m. on Friday , September 7 , 2007 .
Begin Prepared Remarks :
Good evening .
I 'm happy to be with my fellow Republicans .
I have so many people I want to thank tonight .
I want to thank Ron , of course , for all the great work he does for our party .
I want to thank Mike Villines and Dick Ackerman for their leadership .
Especially on the recent budget .
For the fourth year in a row ever since the recall we have not raised taxes on Californians .
The new budget contains less than a one percent rise in spending .
The Federal Government should do so well .
And , of course , I want to thank the thousands of volunteers who make our party possible .
Ladies and gentlemen , this is not going to be the typical convention address .
I did n't come with a bunch of applause lines .
Instead , I came with some concerns about our party ... and some hopes .
And there is no better place to raise them than at this convention .
The people in this room love the Republican Party or you would not be here .
Since I know you want our party to flourish , this allows me to speak frankly about how we can make it stronger ... how we can ensure it is not relegated to the margins of California 's political life .
I know there are some who think , " What does Arnold know about Republicans ?
He 's not a real Republican . "
I have been a Republican since Nixon .
I have been a Republican in spite of years of debates with Maria , the entire Shriver clan and all the Kennedy 's up at Hyannis Port .
Believe me , it would have been far easier to abandon my Republican identity years ago .
But being a Republican is important to me .
This party is important to me .
I am proud to be a member of the party of Abraham Lincoln , who righted the greatest moral injustice in this nation 's history ... the party of Teddy Roosevelt , the enthusiastic reformer and conservationist ... I am proud to be a member of the party of Ronald Reagan , the pragmatic conservative who reached out and captured the political center , winning 49 of 50 states in 1984 .
Where is the party today ?
In California , as you know ... our party is losing numbers .
An astonishing 30 of the 32 Republican Assembly districts lost registered Republicans this year .
Since 2005 , we 've lost 370,000 registered Republicans statewide .
In just the last eight months , our numbers have declined by 120,000 .
In movie terms , we are dying at the box office .
We are not filling the seats .
Now , while the number of California Republicans has been declining , the number of independents has been growing .
They may well outnumber both political parties in just 20 years .
So , who are these people ?
According to the Public Policy Institute , 70 percent of independents own their own homes .
Most are graduates with incomes of more than $ 60,000 .
They are younger and more likely to be employed than members of either major party .
They describe themselves as moderates .
They often hold conservative views on fiscal policy and law - and - order issues , while taking more liberal stands on social and environmental issues .
And they can be reached .
They voted for me , 59 to 33 percent , over my opponent last year .
The real opportunity for Republicans is that independents generally agree with our core principles .
Like us , they believe in limited government that is not wasteful .
They believe taxes should be as low as possible , because the more you give government the more it will spend .
They believe in individual freedom and the responsibility that goes with that freedom .
They believe in the importance of public safety .
And they believe that economic prosperity comes from the energy of the marketplace , not from the heavy hand of the state .
I want to make the Republican Party welcoming to these independents .
And the reason I mention this is because there were some Republicans who had proposed that we should not allow independents to vote in Republican primaries .
What kind of sense would that make ?
The Democrats have said they welcome independents to vote in their primaries .
Why would n't we welcome them , too ?
Research shows that the party you vote for in the primary is usually the party you vote for in the general election .
The goal of any political party is to win elections , to become a majority and to advance its ideals .
How do we succeed at that ?
By including , not excluding .
By being open to new ideas , not rejecting them out of hand .
By expanding into the center , not falling back upon ourselves into a smaller and smaller corner .
Our party has lost the middle , and we will not regain true political power in California until we get it back .
I am of the Reagan view that we should not go off the cliff with flags flying .
I did that in 2005 .
In 1967 , when Ronald Reagan spoke to the California Republican Assembly , he said :
" We can not become a narrow sectarian party in which all must swear allegiance to prescribed commandments .
Such a party can be highly disciplined , but it does not win elections .
This kind of party soon disappears in a blaze of glorious defeat . "
In business if you lose market share , you do something to about it .
But I wonder if we 've been so beaten down by our minority status that we 've developed a bunker mentality ?
I wonder if we 've come to believe that our only remaining power is to say no ?
This very savvy audience understands that saying no is not the basis for a healthy political party .
We need to address the issues that even registered Republicans are urging us to address .
According to the polls , nearly three - quarters of our own party support the global warming bill that I signed last year .
They want this party to do something more about climate change than simply doubt it .
If it is the policy of the Republican Party to ignore the great majority of the world 's scientists ... to ignore the views of 80 percent of the young people who believe the same ... then that party is at odds with the future .
The Republican Party needs once again to be the party of Teddy Roosevelt conservationists .
The surveys show that a majority of our own party also wants us to work for comprehensive health care , not stand in its way .
My proposal is not a European socialist plan .
It 's not a Canadian single payer plan that is driving Canadians across our border for health care .
My plan is a good faith attempt at a market - based solution .
Never in history has medicine ever been able to make such a difference in peoples ' lives .
And we will be on the losing end of history unless we realize that health care must be addressed .
A majority of our own party supported our transportation and flood control bonds that were on the ballot last year .
Yes , it is expensive .
But we cannot allow our levees to break as in New Orleans or our bridges to collapse as in Minneapolis .
We are the party of President Eisenhower , the moderate military man who understood the need for logistics and infrastructure and created the Interstate Highway System -- the largest public works project in American history .
The majority of Republicans understand the need for investment .
I believe we should be listening to the majority of our party .
If our party does n't address the needs of the people - the needs of Republicans themselves - the voters , registered Republicans included , will look elsewhere for their political affiliation .
The majority of Republicans prefer progress with messy compromise over defeat with pristine principles .
Compromise is part of politics .
And it is especially part of politics if you are the minority party .
California Republicans do not have to be the political equivalent of the Spartans at Thermopolae .
We do not have to defend the pass alone .
Defeat does not have to be our future .
A large body of reinforcements is right behind us .
It is called the middle , the center .
They are independents .
They are Reagan Democrats .
They are disenchanted Republicans .
We do not have to give up who we are for them to come to our aid .
They already believe much of what we believe .
But they must be allowed to believe other things , too - things that perhaps not all of us agree with .
That is fine .
The road to our comeback is clear .
The California Republican Party should be a right - of - center party that occupies the broad middle of California .
That is a lush , green , abandoned political space .
It can be ours .
And we have accomplished so much together these past 3 ½ years .
* We brought the economy back .
* We reformed workers comp .
* We created nearly a million new jobs .
* We eliminated the operating deficit .
* We passed the biggest prison construction program in our history .
* We protected 3 Strikes .
* We passed Jessica 's Law .
And much more .
Ladies and gentlemen , let me close with this .
When I was 21 years old , I lost my first American bodybuilding competition , in Miami , which I thought for sure I would win .
I had already won two Mr. Universe titles in Europe .
When I did n't win , I could n't believe it .
I was devastated .
I had let people down .
It kept going through my head , " I 'm away from home , in this strange city , in America , and I 'm a loser . "
I cried all night long .
I vowed to myself I would work as hard as I could to be strong and I would not be beaten again .
My fellow Republicans , I pledge to you that I will work hard to make the Republican Party strong .
But I can not do it alone .
For the sake of California and its people , I ask you to join me .
" This case assesses the constitutionality of a Texas statute making it a crime to promote or sell sexual devices .
The district court upheld the statute 's constitutionality [...]
We reverse the judgment and hold that the statute has provisions that violate the 14th Amendment of the U.S. Constitution . "
* Actually , the law is much worse than that .
It bans promotion or possession with intent to promote sex toys , and then defines : " Promote " means to manufacture , issue , sell , give , provide , lend , mail , deliver , transfer , transmit , publish , distribute , circulate , disseminate , present , exhibit , or advertise , or to offer or agree to do the same .
Lawrence v. Texas ( 2003 ) , which legalized consensual private sex , including sodomy and BDSM and gay sex and group sex - anything consenting adults choose to do without intending for it to be public ( IOW , a peeping tom does n't make it " not private " ) .
Griswold v. Connecticut ( 1965 ) , which legalized the pill , and the sale & use of contraceptives in general .
" Because of Lawrence , the issue before us is whether the Texas statute impermissibly burdens the individual 's substantive due process right to engage in private intimate conduct of his or her choosing . "
In the landmark 1965 case of Griswold v. Connecticut , which invalidated a ban on the use of contraceptives , the Court recognized that the plaintiff pharmacists " have standing to raise the constitutional rights of the married people with whom they had a professional relationship . "
... Griswold , where the Court held that restricting commercial transactions unconstitutionally burdened the exercise of individual rights .
Buy , sell , or use condoms or the pill
Buy , sell , or use vibrators or dildos
Have oral sex
Thanks to ratatosk for pointing out this decision .
Trains à lévitation magnétique
Téléchargez la vidéo de nos trains à lévitation magnétique .
Le gros train est propulsé par un moteur magnétique linéaire similaire à celui d'un vrai Maglev !
Version française : https://youtu.be/4BTEQRU9yT8
English version : https://youtu.be/LpNHC9o8fEU
This Christmas , do n't go with that ho -hum , run -of - the - tree - farm tree your family always gets year after year .
Try something new and unusual ....
Like these 10 strange Christmas trees , for instance :
Upside Down Christmas Tree
The upside of this upside - down 7 - foot pre-lit Christmas tree is that you 'll have more room for presents underneath !
This strange tree was originally designed for specialty stores to display ornaments while using as little floor space as possible .
It 's $ 600 and is currently sold out at Hammacher Schlemmer : http://www.hammacher.com/publish/72376.asp?source=CJ&cm_ven=CJ&cm_pla=1492714&cm_ite=The%2B7-Foot%2BUpside-Down%2BPre-Lit%2BChristmas%2BTree&cm_cat=1414665
Whoville Christmas Tree
In Dr. Seuss ' How the Grinch Stole Christmas ! , the Grinch may have realized that Christmas does n't come from a store , but in this case , the Whoville desktop Christmas tree does come from one !
Link
Charlie Brown's Pathetic Christmas Tree
Good Grief !
If Cindy Lou's Whoville Christmas tree above was n't sad enough , maybe you 'll like this one : Charlie Brown 's Pathetic Christmas Tree as featured in Charles Schulz ' excellent comic strip Peanut ....
This tree needs you !
Afterall , Linus van Pelt did say " It 's not a bad little tree .
All it needs is a little love . "
Link
Mountain Dew Christmas Tree
It 's probably too late for you to start doing this one : the awesome Mountain Dew Christmas Tree .
It took about 3 months of soda drinking ( approximately 400 cans of Mountain Dew ) and 4 days of building .
http://mdewtree.com/
( with video clip )
Grolsch Beer Christmas Tree
Mountain Dew ?
Weaklings ...
Try Grolsch beer instead : http://www.unboundedition.com/content/view/3513/
Knitted Christmas Tree
If you 're into knitting and crafts , why not knit yourself a Christmas tree ?
Like this big one done by about 1,000 knitters at Eden Project : Link ( scroll down )
The Shelf Tree
Do n't want to bother with shedding pine needles or the hassle of putting together an artificial Christmas tree ?
You can make one out of books and magazines like this Shelf Tree by Frank Visser of IJM [ Flash ] instead .
World 's Most Expensive Christmas Tree
Last year , Singapore jeweler Soo Kee Jewellery created this Christmas tree with 21,798 diamonds totaling 913 carats and 3,762 crystal beads .
The tree looked like ( and was actually worth ) a million bucks !
Link
Giant Christmas Tree
This is the mother of all Christmas trees : a gigantic 7 - story " tree " made from 350 regular - sized artificial trees !
Approximately 70 staffers of Yilong Media company of China constructed a steel framing and then stacked this pyramid of Christmas trees .
Link
Festivus Pole
Not celebrating Christmas ?
Are you celebrating Festivus [ wiki ] instead ?
Then you 'll need this Festivus Pole !
In case you do n't know anything about Festivus , it 's a made up holiday popularized by the TV show Seinfeld .
The holiday includes such traditions as the " Airing of Grievances , " in which you tell people how they disappointed you over the past year , and the " Feats of Strength , " where the head of the household is wrestled to the floor .
The photo is Mark Metcalf ( " Maestro " from Seinfeld ) standing with his Festivus Pole at his restaurant Libby Montana in Mequon , Wisconsin .
More photos here : Link
You can get Festivus Pole from The Wagner Companies here : Link
Freddy has 3 Blu-rays of a western / horror blend titled THE PALE DOOR to give away -- 7 total posts
7
Here are the 5 household items that will help you " Get Off " easy in daily routine .
Check out one by one :-
Washing Machine
It 's a little clichéd , but honestly , an unbalanced washing machine on the spin cycle is just about the best ride you can take on a hunk of metal that does n't have wheels .
If you really want it to be fun , throw some sneakers in there , or place a large load of heavy towels or maybe some pillows in , but only on one side .
Source - http://jezebel.com/369366/5-household-items-that-will-help-you-get-off-easy
Bath Tub Faucet
Everyone is always going on about detatchable shower heads , and they 're great and all , but they 're the sort of luxury item for people who frequent Brookstone or Restoration Hardware .
I 'm all about the bathtub faucet , because it has a powerful gush of water , and the crappier your apartment , the more unsteady ( thus exciting ! ) , the flow can be .
I actually picked this up at a really young age because I heard it being talked about on Married With Children .
Washing Machine
It 's a little clichéd , but honestly , an unbalanced washing machine on the spin cycle is just about the best ride you can take on a hunk of metal that does n't have wheels .
If you really want it to be fun , throw some sneakers in there , or place a large load of heavy towels or maybe some pillows in , but only on one side .
Source - http://jezebel.com/369366/5-household-items-that-will-help-you-get-off-easy
A man from New Westminster , B.C. , accused of trying to blow up the Trans - Alaska oil pipeline , could face 13 years in prison after pleading guilty to a terrorism charge in a U.S. court Thursday .
Alfred Reumayr , 58 , planned to use 14 bombs to damage the pipeline on New Year 's Day 2000 , then profit when the price of oil went up .
Reumayr pleaded guilty to one count of aiding and abetting terrorism transcending national boundaries at the U.S. District Court in Santa Fe , New Mexico .
Officials have said Reumayr planned to purchase oil futures before detonating the bombs , and then sell his shares at a huge profit when oil prices rose due to the disruption in supply .
He was arrested in British Columbia in November 1999 before he could undertake the scheme .
At the time , authorities said an informant who served time with Reumayr in a U.S. prison made the arrest possible .
He provided details of the plot to the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives ( ATF ) .
Prosecutors said they had letters and e-mails sent by Reumayr to the informant , a New Mexico man who was in jail on mail fraud charges , Reuters reported .
Had it been successful , the bomb plot " would have had an enormous negative economic and environmental impact on the United States and Canada , " said William Newell , the ATF agent in charge in Phoenix , as quoted by Reuters .
" Make no mistake about it , this was a very serious threat that was thwarted by the tremendous investigative work and dedication of ATF and RCMP law enforcement personnel . "
A sentencing hearing could be held this summer .
Reumayr lost a bid to fight extradition in 2006 when the Supreme Court of Canada dismissed his appeal .
Constructed between 1975 and 1977 , the Trans - Alaska Pipeline System runs from Alaska 's North Slope to the Port of Valdez in southern Alaska .
The pipeline , which runs above ground for long stretches and crosses three mountain ranges , provides the only means of transporting oil from the north shores of Alaska and cost $ 8 billion US to build .
If you said , " Well , that 's obvious ; it shows a graphical representation of the current subfolders . " , you 'd be correct .
Quick , what does the following Unix / Linux command do ?
You can use the command to create a program called tree that would work something like the following :
Code
Here 's the command ready - to - go in a shell script :
tree.sh
#!/bin/bash ##################################################### # Unix / Linux Folder Tree # # Version : 2.8 # # File : ~/apps/tree/tree.sh # # # # Displays structure of folder hierarchy # #
-------------------------------------------------
# #
This tiny script uses " ls " , " grep " , and " sed " # # in a single command to show the nesting of # # subfolders .
# # # # Setup : # # $ cd ~/ apps/tree # # $ chmod +x tree.sh # # $ ln -s tree.sh /usr / local / bin/ tree # # $ which tree # # # # Usage : # # $ tree [ FOLDER ] # # # # Examples : # # $ tree # # $ tree /etc / apache2 # # $ tree .. # # # # WTFPL ~ https://centerkey.com/tree ~ Dem Pilafian # ##################################################### echo test - z " $ 1 " || cd " $ 1 " # if parameter exists , use as base folder pwd ls - R | grep " ^ [ . ] / " | sed -e " s/:$// " -e " s/[ ^\/]*\//--/g " -e " s/^/ |/ " # grep : select folders ( filter out files ) # 1st sed : remove trailing colon # 2nd sed : replace higher level folder names with dashes # 3rd sed : indent graph and add leading vertical bar topFolders =$ ( ls - F - 1 | grep " / " | wc - l ) test $ topFolders - ne 0 || echo " --> no subfolders " echo
Download script : tree.sh
Or just run the installer from the Terminal with the command : $ curl -s https://centerkey.com/tree/install-tree.sh | bash
SQLite is an embedded relational database engine implemented in ANSI C .
It supports a large subset of ANSI SQL and many other features common to relational databases such as triggers , indexes , and auto - increment primary keys .
It is known for its small size ( 256 Kb ) , reliability , ease - of - use , and elegant design .
Also , SQLite 's code is public domain and can be used free of charge for any purpose .
SQLite ( www.sqlite.org) is used in a variety of software , such as Mozilla Firefox , PHP5 , Google Gears , and Adobe AIR , as well as embedded devices such as cell phones using Symbian OS .
SQLite has a number of unique features , one of the most interesting of which is virtual tables .
With virtual tables , you query not only what is in a database , but what is outside of it as well .
For instance , with a little coding , you could use SQLite to search through your filesystem and issue queries such as :
create virtual table fs using filesystem ; SELECT prot , uid , gid , size / ( 1024*1024 ) as ' size ( Mb ) ' , dev , path || ' / ' || name as file from fs WHERE path = ' / usr / lib ' AND name like ' %.so ' " AND size > 1024*1024*4 ORDER
BY size desc ;
You could also write a virtual table to read your log files or filter SNMP data .
Basically , anything your program can parse , read , or grab is fair game .
In this article , I present a virtual table that interfaces with the filesystem .
It uses the Apache Portable Runtime , which enables it to work with multiple operating systems .
Because SQLite is portable , it only makes sense to try to keep virtual tables portable as well , and the APR is helpful in this regard .
The API
You implement a virtual table using three structures .
The first is the module structure , which is an array of function pointers .
These are callbacks you implement to let SQLite operate on your table as if it were a native table .
Some of these functions are mandatory , many are optional .
For example , if you do n't need to support transactions , you do n't have to implement the related functions .
You just set the respective callbacks to null .
Listing
One is the callback structure for our virtual table .
The other two structures are the vtable and cursor structures ( Listing Two ) .
static sqlite3_module example_module = { 0 , /* iVersion */ vt_create , /* xCreate - create a vtable */ vt_connect , /* xConnect - associate a vtable with a connection */ vt_best_index , /* xBestIndex - best index */ vt_disconnect , /* xDisconnect - disassociate a vtable with a connection */ vt_destroy , /* xDestroy - destroy a vtable */ vt_open , /* xOpen - open a cursor */ vt_close , /* xClose - close a cursor */ vt_filter , /* xFilter - configure scan constraints */ vt_next , /* x Next - advance a cursor */ vt_eof , /* xEof - indicate end of result set*/ vt_column , /* xColumn - read data */ vt_rowid , /* xRowid - read data */ NULL , /* xUpdate - write data */ NULL , /* xBegin - begin transaction */ NULL , /* xSync - sync transaction */ NULL , /* xCommit - commit transaction */ NULL , /* xRollback - rollback transaction */ NULL , /* xFindFunction - function overloading */ } ;
/* vtab : represents a virtual table .
*/ struct vtab { sqlite3_vtab base ; sqlite3 * db ; } ; /* vtab : represents a singe cursor with which it iterate over the virtual table .
*/ struct vtab_cursor { sqlite3_vtab_cursor base ; } ;
Because all of the callback functions use pointers to reference these structures , you are free to extend them .
SQLite only needs the sqlite_vtab and sqlite3_vtab_cursor portions of the structures to operate .
SAN FRANCISCO  Government scientists have discovered a new way that H.I.V. attacks human cells , an advance that could provide fresh avenues for the development of additional therapies to stop AIDS , they reported on Sunday .
The discovery is the identification of a new human receptor for H.I.V .
The receptor helps guide the virus to the gut after it gains entry to the body , where it begins its relentless attack on the immune system .
The findings were reported online Sunday in the journal Nature Immunology by a team headed by Dr. Anthony S. Fauci , the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases .
For years , scientists have known that H.I.V. rapidly invades the lymph nodes and lymph tissues that are abundant throughout the gut , or intestines .
The gut becomes the prime site for replication of H.I.V. , and the virus then goes on to deplete the lymph tissue of the key CD4 H.I.V.- fighting immune cells .
Repetition of shape and colour can add an engaging motif to your scene without making an ugly busy composition .
Finding pattern and symmetry for your shot need not constrain you to photographing your grandpare n’t ’s carpets and curtains .
Spot the Patterns
Patterns of all kinds occur at all scales throughout nature , but also throughout human constructs too – and this is what I ’m focusing on now .
If you live in a big city and do n’t feel too attracted to street photography , then you probably think about abstract photography .
By looking for patterns around your home you train you eye to see in a more abstract way .
However , note that abstract art not only includes textures and patterns , but also minimalistic lines and color spots / shapes .
The keyword for a successful urban pattern photography is repetition .
Accentuate the Pattern in Your Photo
Try to zoom in close enough to the pattern so that it fills the frame and makes the repetition seem as though its bursting out .
In some rare cases you can brake this rule to give the viewer a comparison for the patterned object .
One of the most commonly seen pattern in a city is made by the arrangement of the windows .
You can photograph this scene normally ( horizontal view ) or in diagonal , from different angles .
( examples sourse )
Stairs also create interesting shapes : different spirals , curves and lines .
Example by Yitzhak Avigur
Alex Wasilewski from Springfield , Illinois and his image ‘ A Record in Stone :
Night lights : dots from the standing reflectors and lines from the moving vehicles .
Any other objects that come together in a group in public places : like baskets in shopping malls , sits in an empty room , boxes and books on shelfs , the same product repeated in a shop , dishes , wheels and wheel patterns , bricks and so on .
Original Image
Industry ( not just construction industry that I mentioned at the beginning ) and agriculture ( however , this goes under rural patterns ) present activities which have as a result a man -made work full of patterns .
Some of these are only visible from a plane or some high building .
One of the most famous picture of this kind illustrates parked cars ( by Alex MacLean ) .
And one last note : you can also try some macro shots on electronic circuits ( and any other man-made little objects ) and include them as urban patterns .
Last one by arhitectural photographer Ross Langdon .
More :
Charles Webster Patterns :
March 4 , 2008  -- Former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee has conceded the Republican nomination to rival Senator John McCain , R - Ariz .
But there is no doubt the longshot - turned - contender left his mark on the GOP race .
Calling his White House bid the " journey of a lifetime " , Huckabee spoke Tuesday night from Irving , TX commending McCain on an " honorable campaign " and emphasizing his commitment to the Republican party in the fight to the November election .
" We stayed in until the race was over .
We kept the faith , that for me has been the most important goal of all , " Huckabee said , standing with his wife on stage at the Four Seasons Hotel . " I 'd rather lose the election than lose the principles that got me into politics in the first place . "
McCain visits President Bush at the White House Wednesday .
Huck Departs But Damage Done
Huckabee 's brand of social conservatism , combined with his strong core support among evangelicals , and a frugal campaign budget , left party rivals scrambling to defend their conservative credentials .
Sen . Sam Brownback , R - Kan. , former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani , and former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney were all , at least in part , victims of Huckabee 's surprise success .
Ultimately , the former Arkansas governor won by losing , attracting significant blocs of the GOP base in state races despite McCain 's significant delegate lead , the latter due in part to the party 's largely winner - take - all delegate distribution .
Huckabee 's folksy appeal earned him clout within the party as a force to be reckoned with .
Still , he has said he is not interested in a third - party run for the White House and , presidential aspirations aside , that he would rather go on a " rock tour with Amy Winehouse " than enter the Arkansas Senate race .
Huckabee has also downplayed his place in the '08 veepstakes , telling a reporter this February " I do n't think Sen. McCain would select me anyway ... I think that it 's a little almost off the chart to think that he would end up selecting me . "
Unofficial Contest Changes GOP Race
Huckabee 's meteoric rise from political obscurity to GOP threat began with his second - place finish in the Iowa Straw Poll — an unofficial but closely watched exercise within the Republican campaign cycle — back in August 2007 , which signalled his potential to stage a GOP upset .
The momentum that followed Huckabee out of the straw poll finish — complete with cable news bookings , network morning show interviews , and print media outlets clamoring to ask him " how " — bumped Huckabee from second - tier to rising star on the nation 's political radar .
Through the almost five full months from the Iowa Straw Poll until any votes were cast in the state 's January caucuses , Huckabee continued his presidential campaign , run on a shoestring budget .
He spent time at home in Little Rock and flew to first - in - the - nation contest states for long weekends when the crowds were more substantial .
But in November , a CBS News / New York Times poll changed everything .
Showing Huckabee within striking distance of then - Iowa front - runner Mitt Romney , Huckabee 's campaign quickened its pace , tailed by the national media , which had previously covered him from afar .
By mid-December , Huckabee had become the bona fide front - runner in Iowa , overtaking Romney in the state 's pre-caucus polling .
Come January , Huckabee won the Iowa caucus with 34 percent of the vote , spending a fraction of what second - place Romney used to saturate the state 's market .
Then - underdog McCain tied former Sen. Fred Thompson for third in Iowa , with each candidate garnering 13 percent of the vote .
South Carolina via New Hampshire
Riding the Iowa win , Huckabee headed to New Hampshire , where he was down in the polls .
For the five days leading up to the Republican primary , Huckabee shook every hand he could , taking advantage of just about any opportunity for free media in the Granite State .
He surprised many with a third place finish in New Hampshire , at 26 percent , behind McCain 's 37 percent and Romney 's 32 percent , and beating Giuliani by a decent margin .
The southern states that followed were Huckabee 's strong suit : he spoke the language of the electorate , and drew on the shared , common experiences that resonated with voters .
Huckabee was poised for a strong , possibly winning finish in South Carolina , when his campaign made a questionable decision to make a series of stops in Michigan — rival Romney 's home state .
As expected , Huckabee placed third in Michigan and went back to South Carolina to finish what he had started .
Southern Sweep Despite S.C. , Florida Losses
Primary day in South Carolina proved interesting from both a political and meteorological standpoint .
Snowy weather in Huckabee - friendly districts , and tough competition from Thompson , led to a disappointing South Carolina loss , as Huckabee finished with 30 percent , trailing McCain 's 33 percent .
The campaign then turned farther south , to Florida .
The Sunshine State was never Huckabee 's to win , and while his supporters there remained fervent , the South Carolina loss had the chattering classes convinced that Huckabee was on the ropes — a claim he would deny over and over in the weeks that followed .
Huckabee 's fourth - place Florida finish — behind McCain , Romney and Giuliani — and lack of subsequent momentum heading into Super Tuesday were thought to be the final nail in the campaign 's coffin .
But Huckabee would not go so quietly into the night .
Huckabee would visit seven southern states in seven days , his strategy now to carry the South and prove his viability in Republican strongholds , who turned voices to votes against McCain 's brand of conservatism , in favor of Huckabee's .
Huckabee surprised many , winning Tennessee , Georgia , Alabama , West Virginia and his home state of Arkansas .
Following Romney 's withdrawal from the race on Feb.
7 , the southern string would soon turn the race into a two - man battle , with McCain leading by a substantial margin .
Surprising wins in Kansas and Louisiana kept Huckabee afloat for a while , but could not sustain his campaign once McCain gained an insurmountable delegate lead .
Huckabee made his last stand in Texas .
Recalling the famous battle of the Alamo in which Texas rebels staged a fierce fight against Mexico for independence , the insurgent former governor often quoted a letter by Texas commander William Barrett Travis :
" The enemy has demanded a surrender at discretion , otherwise , the garrison are to be put to the sword , if the fort is taken -- I have answered the demand with a cannon shot , and our flag still waves proudly from the walls . "
Huckabee spent a few arduous days flying all over the state but in the end it would not prove enough to overcome the McCain 's momentum .
Huckabee 's crowds fluctuated significantly from a rally at Texas A&M with about 900 in the room and another 1500 watching from outside to a morning rally at Southern Methodist University in Dallas that drew less than 200 .
ABC News ' Martha Raddatz contributed to this report .
( Ms. Noonan returns this Friday . )
I think we 've reached a signal point in the campaign .
This is the point where , with Hillary Clinton , either you get it or you do n't .
There 's no dodging now .
You either understand the problem with her candidacy , or you do n't .
You either understand who she is , or not .
And if you do n't , after 16 years of watching Clintonian dramas , you probably never will .
That 's ...
IN AUGUST I blogged about Alberto Alesina and Andrea Ichino 's proposal to cut taxes for women and raise them for men .
Their argument was that because women 's labour supply is more elastic than men's , a cut would send many women into the labour force , improving gender equality , while a small increase for men would have little effect on labour supply and tax revenues .
I roundly criticized the authors for cavalierly flouting the ideal of equality under the law .
I am therefore delighted to see Gilles Saint - Paul of the Toulouse School of Economics doing the same .
Along the way he makes some excellent observations :
Now , it turns out that if I am maximising any welfare criterion , I can always do better by discriminating than by not discriminating .
This is because non-discrimination is a special case of discrimination , where all groups are treated equally .
If different groups have different economic behaviour , then to maximise my welfare function I need to discriminate as much as possible , and I will treat each group differently .
So we should have different taxes depending on sex , age , race , marital status , city of residence , state of health , and so on .
At the " optimum " , some of these taxes would sound " right " to those with a " progressive " mind - like the one favouring women proposed by Alesina et al .
Others would sound horribly wrong to these same people ; in fact the very gender - tax proposal could be implemented as a reduction in transfers to women at the bottom of the distribution of income , since their greater labour supply elasticity implies these transfers are more distortionary than for men .
This suggests an extremely important point .
The rarefied theory of optimal taxation abstracts from grimy real - world politics and instead assumes a far - seeing technocrat planner who simply calculates the revenue - maximising tax and dispassionately applies it .
So neat , so clean , so rational .
But real politics , and real fiscal policy , is a blood and guts fight for opportunistic exemptions and special subsidies .
What 's more , liberal societies are marked by rampant disagreement over values .
Puritans and health nuts want to use taxes to discourage smoking .
Population patriots think tax policy should discourage vacant wombs , while eco-warriors want to reward Prius owners .
For their part , Messers Alesina and Ichino are interested in gender equality in labour market participation .
So it is convenient for them to find a rationale in good , hard economic science .
Enemies of the demon rum I 'm sure are delighted to remind the public that high taxes on booze , for which demand is relatively inelastic , will not much hurt sales .
But they say so in the ardent hope of hurting sales .
The view that efficiency - minded discrimination in taxes is legitimate creates a pretext for opportunism and moralism and encourages the costly political conflict that necessarily comes as opportunists and moralists clash for control .
Mr Saint - Paul submits that
if " society " ( up to now ) wrote down constitutions saying citizens are equal before the law , while our utilitarian social welfare functions say that some should be more equal than others , it is unlikely that these welfare functions represent the social preferences implicit in those constitutions .
Yes , but perhaps the stronger point is simply that the economist 's idealised utilitarian social planner does not take seriously the costs incurred by the conflicts that will flare up when some are made " more equal than others " .
Perhaps liberal constitutions prominently feature equality before the law for a good reason : official non-discrimination works as a truce , a way of keeping the social peace .
READER COMMENTS ON
" Sibel Edmonds ' Charges of Nuclear Treason Crack the U.S. Mainstream Media "
( 17 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Archicoot said on 2/17/2008 @ 1:30 pm PT ...
Daily Kos ( who a times does have cogent items ) had an interesting series of comments by wittg1 posted on their article regarding Sibel .
The voluble wittg1 was finally asked by the Kos parent , BDA in VA , to do his own post ... but what he did post was very relevant to Sibel followers .... and very interesting reading and links .
It is also wittg1 's only posts on Kos to date ... hmmm .
Check them out !
http://dailykos.com/stor...17/35834/7515/244/458425
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... molly said on 2/17/2008 @ 3:40 pm PT ...
Congratulations and thanks to the Dallas Morning News .
Also to Daily Kos for getting something right .
I am not trying to be sarcastic .
It comes naturally .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... calipendence said on 2/17/2008 @ 5:12 pm PT ...
I 'm also cheering that this is getting some mainstream notice that it has not been before , I 'm wondering if we should be looking at this cautiously .
A few things to note here : 1 ) This is being released close to the time of many other " distracting " news of the primaries happening in Texas now .
Perhaps this is a calculated " late Friday news release " type of strategy to claim one 's doing one 's job , but not trying to get noticed too much by a majority of their readership .
2 ) That its appearing in their " Opinion " section shows that they do n't regard this as potential " news " and potentially trying to condition their readers to think in such a manner as well .
3 ) A lot of the various publications , etc. that are publishing stuff on Sibel 's story now have questionable links to more right wing sources :
a ) Dallas Morning News is owned by the Belo Corporation , and is described by locals in Texas as a right wing publication .
b ) The London Times , which published the recent series of articles on Sibel 's case is owned by Rupert Murdoch .
c ) The American Conservative , where this article was lifted from earlier , was founded in part by Patrick Buchanan .
d ) The New York Post , who just recently published the following related non-complimentary slam on Hillary Clinton with ties to this case .
4 ) This article was heavily edited as noted here in this breakdown of those edits .
4 ) All of these stories from these publications have been released in the last month or so .
Part of me speculates if certain elements in the elite power structure KNOW that this story will at some point become mainstream news and that this will really toast some folks in the administration , and they 've already written them off .
Perhaps they feel that they can make an end run around the " left wing " ( but still corporate media compliant ) portions of the mainstream media and later on someone can then claim that the Democratic Party were as guilty as the administration in covering this up , in efforts to " clear the deck " and make the case that newer right wingers should be elected .
I think that there 's a very tricky and sneaky subtle game being played here , and someone should try and explain this to Waxman so that he might have second thoughts about complying with those like AIPAC , etc. in keeping it silenced .
This feels very manipulative , and is something we should be conscious of as we move forward .
I also do n't wish to dismiss those writing these articles too , as I 'm sure there are many of these who are writing these with the best of wishes in mind too .
But one has to wonder who 's pulling the strings .
Might be a similar reason why the very good writer Kelly Thornton , who helped bring us landmark stories like the Carol Lam firing left with the voluntary " downsizing " of the SD Union Tribune 's staff recently .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... calipendence said on 2/17/2008 @ 5:14 pm PT ...
Meant to add that New York Post is also owned by Murdoch in previous post .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... WeCanChangeTheWorld said on 2/17/2008 @ 7:01 pm PT ...
Currently @ # 3 in the most popular political news stories on Digg in the last 24 hours .
I recommend sharing , Digging , emailing , etc. this story and to that end I 've made up an AddThis share link for it .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Damian said on 2/17/2008 @ 8:58 pm PT ...
Let 's see some action in the Congress about this , instead of the steroid hearings .
I sometimes think that our govt is joking .
How can our govt put baseball players who have been doing steroids probably since the 70s over treasonous activity with the higher ups .
We should demand to have hearings on this .
Wake up America from the distractions they put in front of you !
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 2/18/2008 @ 4:43 am PT ...
Those who did not deserve it were swiftboated with lies , now the truth will swiftboat mucho criminal ass spies .
Let 's get this damn ship of state moving in the proper direction .
Destination America .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... prvfo said on 2/18/2008 @ 6:23 am PT ...
These horrible injustices have been committed by the powerfull throughout all of human history .
The only difference today is now we have the internet .
So today we get to watch it happen right before our eyes .
If ignorence is bliss , then we the informed are all victoms of torture .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 2/18/2008 @ 8:10 am PT ...
The MSM in general is in denial about how it has assisted the fascists in screwing up America .
They find themselves now in Amurka , wondering how we can be funneling billions of dollars and nuclear secrets to a country that openly harbors the person ( bin Laden ) the bushies claim is responsible for the 911 attacks .
That picture is simply not coherent is it ?
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 2/18/2008 @ 9:35 am PT ...
Many remember that the events leading up to the FBI hiring Sibel are murky .
One agent declared that he had found the passport of one of the hijackers that hit one of the buildings on the street below the impact site .
Think about it .
Now a high court in Britain has ruled that one of the bushie story 19 hijackers is still alive , still a pilot , and had nothing to do with it :
Three of Britain ’s most senior judges condemned the Metropolitan Police and the Crown Prosecution Service for abusing the court process , presenting false allegations and not disclosing evidence .
But it was not until page 44 , paragraph 154 , line 17 that Mr Raissi ’s eyes settled upon the words he had been praying for .
The judges ruled that the charge that he was a terrorist and had trained the September 11 hijackers was one of which he should be “ completely exonerated ” .
His only “ crime ” was to learn his skills at the same Florida flying school as two of the hijackers .
( Times ) .
The bushie story about 911 is about the only bushie story many people still believe since they do n't believe much bushies say anymore .
Sibel does not believe the bushie story about 911 , but the bushies ordered her not to say anything about the story the bushies have told about 911 .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 2/18/2008 @ 10:04 am PT ...
RE # 10
The dude was of the 19 in the sense he was accused of training them and mentoring them .
He was not accused of being on board any aircraft during the attacks , and was put in prison for being in a leadership role in 911 terrorism .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Warren D. Smith said on 2/19/2008 @ 11:06 am PT ...
Pulitzer - prize Journalist Seymour Hersh
long - ago broke basically this story .
His claim , largely supported by anonymous sources
within the Reagan administration & US intelligence community , was that Reagan had made a deal with Pakistan :
we 'll give you nuclear - weapons development aid and
our OK ( and cover up evidence we get that you have nukes & are doing nuclear development ) , and in return , you give us the ability to funnel arms
to anti-soviet rebels in Pakistan such as O.Bin Laden and the Taliban .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Kathleen said on 2/19/2008 @ 11:31 am PT ...
Sibel is a National hero who has been badgered , undermined and gagged .
Thank goodness for the internet .
Her story about treason involving U.S. officials is finally breaking out in the U.S. The American public need more information .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... calipendence said on 2/19/2008 @ 12:34 pm PT ...
# 12 : Sounds like we need an " extended " updated edition of " Charlie Jones War " .
Wonder if folks like Julia Roberts and Tom Hanks will do some more scenes for that .
Also , the pattern of recent right wing increased coverage of this story continues .
Now the National Review Online Blogs an entry on it .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 2/20/2008 @ 1:07 am PT ...
Why is Marc Grossman a protected media secret instead of being outed as a treasonous back stabbing sack of shit that he is ?
He needs to be immediately prosecuted with all his nuclear weapon selling bush - cheney - clinton pirate fcks .
Not to leave out cheney 's haliburton corporation military oil contractors and poppy bushit 's carlial group military industrial corporation that has profitted handsomely off of the death they brought onto Iraq and Afganistan .
Billions of dollars , the best artillery , and military training money could buy is what the CIA used to helped build Al quada in the late 80's under Reagan to fight the Russian takeover of Afganistan .
Learn your American history .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... calipendence said on 2/20/2008 @ 1:19 pm PT ...
And Marc Grossman is still treated as a " distinguished scholar " as recently as a couple of weeks ago at Seton Hall University where he was a featured speaker in their " School of Diplomacy " 's workshops on diplomacy and leadership .
Seton
Hall students , where were you .
Should have been outside protesting the University 's nerve of having this guy anywhere close to that school .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 2/20/2008 @ 10:56 pm PT ...
By JAMES SLACK
Last updated at 17:22 16 December 2007
Sex slaves smuggled illegally into Britain are to share millions of pounds in compensation for their ' pain and trauma ' , it has emerged .
The Criminal Injuries Compensation Authority - slated for long delays in making payments to the victims of violent crime - agreed to hand over £ 140,000 to the first four cases last week .
The women had suffered a ' sustained period of sexual abuse ' after being trafficked into the UK .
Another 10,000 are estimated to be eligible under a new interpretation of guidelines drawn up by CICA , a Government agency .
The authority told the London law firm Lovells , which is acting for a number of the victims , that it would ' officially recognise ' the trauma experienced by thousands of women and children .
It is likely to re-open controversy over the way victims of sex trafficking should be treated .
The Home Office is already faced with a dilemma over the deportation of illegal immigrants forced to work in the sex trade , with Ministers indicating some may be allowed to stay .
But they also recognise the danger that offering help to trafficking victims - including compensation payments - could encourage illegal immigration .
The women who received £ 140,000 were smuggled from eastern Europe by British - based criminals using established international sex trafficking networks .
One girl was illegally brought into the UK five years ago , aged 13 .
Another was trafficked in 2003 when she was 16 .
Both were kept prisoner by the same trafficking syndicate until they managed to escape at the start of last year .
According to lawyers , who have agreed to protect the identity of claimants , they were subject to ' forced prostitution , multiple rapes and beatings ' while being held captive in the UK .
In addition , their captors refused to give the victims money and warned they would be killed if they fled .
The highest award paid to the four was £ 62,000 , and the lowest £ 16,500 .
The payments were made for ' false imprisonment and forced prostitution during the time of their imprisonment ' .
Last week , CICA was attacked by the Government 's official spending watchdog for delaying payments to people who have been attacked by violent thugs .
Inspectors said the body is taking longer to deal with cases , failing to reduce the number of ineligible applications and missing its targets .
A growing backlog of cases means more than 81,000 people are still waiting to find out if they will receive any support .
Gillian Guy , chief executive of Victim Support , said : ' Delays in processing claims are worrying and the long - term increase in turnaround time does need resolving . '
NAIROBI , Feb 13 ( Reuters ) - Kenya is a land of stark contrast : the rich drive gleaming luxury cars , can afford to enrol their children in top British schools and in the case of one local magnate , send suits to London for dry cleaning .
But most live a hand - to - mouth existence and some Kenyans believe the bloody post-election crisis that has exposed the east African country 's tribal divisions could also inflame the gulf between classes and further exacerbate instability .
Although long seen as one of Africa 's most promising economies , Kenya has a huge wealth gap , with 10 percent of people controlling 42 percent of the economy and the poorest 10 percent holding less than 1 percent , according to U.N. figures .
" If this issue is not resolved , the worst thing we would hear or see is a class war where these people , men and women , say they have nothing to lose , " Abbas Gullet , secretary general of the Kenya Red Cross , told business leaders recently .
Opposition leader Raila Odinga used the argument that many Kenyans have not shared in economic growth under President Mwai Kibaki -- averaging 5 percent a year -- to win support in impoverished areas ahead of the election in December .
The dispute over Kibaki 's re-election , in a vote that Odinga says was stolen , became the spark for bloodshed that has killed at least 1,000 people in ethnic clashes and battles between police and poor slum dwellers .
Chief mediator Kofi Annan , the former U.N. Secretary General , hopes for a political solution this week but nobody expects the wounds opened by the crisis to heal so soon .
While Kenya 's most obvious divisions follow tribal lines , those killed on both sides tend to have much more in common as peasant farmers or slum dwellers than they do with the ultra wealthy Kibaki and Odinga .
STRUGGLE TO SURVIVE
Almost half of Kenya 's 36 million people live on a dollar a day and most struggle to put their children through school or pay for decent health care .
Cabinet ministers take home more than 1 million shillings ( $ 13,820 ) a month .
" All these politicians are using us .
We fight one another and die like animals but their children are not on the streets like other Kenyans , " said Ouma , a security guard in a middle - class Nairobi suburb .
" The people dying are young men who should be working not dying . "
During the worst fighting , ethnic gangs erected roadblocks and beat up or killed those they caught from rival communities .
But some of the thugs also harassed or robbed people from their own ethnic groups if they seemed wealthier .
Around 500,000 young Kenyans join the job market each year , but many fail to find work , swelling the number of disaffected youths ready to seize on any chance they can to profit .
" Some of them see us riding in our Mercedes or in our Hummers and they want that , just as we want the same thing for our children .
This is the reality we are dealing with today , " Steven Smith , chairman of the Kenya Association of Manufacturers , told the meeting of business leaders .
Aid workers in Kenya 's slums say they have to consult with so - called " emerging informal leadership " for their safety .
Simply put , they have to deal with ethnically - based gangs that control slums where police and other normal government services rarely reach .
Poverty is a driving force behind high levels of crime that affect both rich and poor Kenyans .
In Nairobi's Mathare slum , the murderous Mungiki criminal gang has long ruled , carrying out extortion rackets and providing illegal water or electricity connections .
Politicians have long used such groups as campaign muscle - for - hire , and did so during the election violence .
" They have a huge say and sway on the ground in these major slums and they are establishing their own leadership , " Gullet said .
" I say to many politicians ... today it is quite clear that they do not have the proper control over these people . "
A local daily columnist wrote recently that it was naive to expect that pro-Kibaki and pro-Odinga gangs would only fight against each other forever .
" If there 's no political settlement soon , at some point , the gangs will unite ... together attacking , without discrimination , the homes of Kibaki and Raila 's middle - class supporters , " Charles Onyango - Obbo wrote in the Daily Nation .
He cited the example of rival gangs fighting for political godfathers in Congo Republic in the 1990s who sometimes called a temporary truce when their battles led them to a rich suburb .
They would then loot it together , before going back to war .
( Editing by Bryson Hull and Matthew Tostevin )
By Jonny Hogg
BBC News , Antananarivo
The plant is said to be so big it can be seen on Google Earth
Enlarge Image
The tree , described as the nation 's largest palm species , is unlike anything else ever found on the island before , say scientists .
Although villagers knew of its existence , none had witnessed the tree in flower .
When this finally happened last year , botanists found that the tree spent so much energy flowering that it died .
' Spectacular '
The palm is 20 m ( 60 ft ) high with leaves 5 m ( 16ft ) long , the tallest tree of its type in the country ; but for most of its life - around 100 years - it appears fairly unremarkable apart from its size .
It was only when botanists from Kew Gardens in London , UK , were told of its extraordinary flowering pattern that they began to be interested .
Madagascar is home to more than 10,000 plant species
" It 's spectacular , " says Mijoro Rakotoarinivo , who works with Kew and has seen the tree .
" At first there 's only a very long shoot like asparagus from the top of the tree and then , a few weeks later , this unique shoot starts to spread .
" At the end of this process you can have something like a Christmas tree . "
' To be protected '
The branches then become covered with hundreds of tiny flowers , which are pollinated and turn into fruit ; but the tree expends so much energy on flowering that it eventually collapses and dies .
The tree has been named Tahina spectabilis , which is Malagasy for " blessed " or " to be protected " .
It is also one of the given names of Anne- Tahina Metz , the daughter of Xavier Metz , who discovered the palm two years ago .
Dr John Dransfield , who announced the name of the tree in the Botanical Journal of the Linnean Society , is baffled as to how it came to be in the country .
It bears a resemblance to a species of palm found in regions of Asia , 6,000 km away .
It is possible that the palm has quietly gone through a remarkable evolution since Madagascar split with India some 80 million years ago .
It is now hoped that the plant will be conserved and that selling seeds can generate revenue for people living nearby , as well as allowing gardeners across the world to own their very own self - destructing Malagasy palm tree .
Madagascar is home to more than 10,000 plant species , 90 % of which occur nowhere else in the world .
These include 170 known species of palm .
WHAT you see — or rather , what you do n't see — on the internet may be determined by your government .
The attitude of officialdom varies when it comes to filtering content of a social nature .
In many places agreements are set with service providers to block nasty stuff such as child pornography .
In a few countries intervention is stronger , up to the level of pervasive censorship .
This week Pakistan 's block on YouTube accidentally caused an international outage for that website .
Iran and Saudi Arabia have also prevented their citizens from accessing the video - sharing site .
Shutterstock
Biography
is a contemporary Austrian artist working across several media .
Wurm ’s comical attitude towards representation features heavily in his Fat Car series , in which ge purposefully disfigures car models deemed status symbols by mass culture .
“ [ For me ] humor is primarily a method for getting people ’s attention — it should ultimately prompt people to look at things more carefully , ” the artist has reflected .
Born on July 27 , 1954 in Bruck an der Mur , Austria , Wurm went on to study at the University of Applied Arts in Vienna .
Following in the tradition of Joseph Beuys , the artist has contributed his own take on the medium of sculpture with his One Minute Sculptures .
In these performances , Wurm invites audience participation and interaction to reevaluate the medium .
His works have been shown at the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum in New York and Vienna , the Musée d’Art Contemporain in Lyon , and the Centre Georges Pompidou in Paris .
Wurm currently lives and works between Vienna and Limburg , Austria .
Today , the artist ’s works are held in the collections of The Museum of Modern Art in New York , the Walker Art Center in Minneapolis , the Albertina in Vienna , and the Tate Gallery in London , among others .
Shirley Chisholm was the first black woman to serve in the United States Congress .
An early education expert , Shirley Chisholm was elected to the New York Legislature in 1964 and to Congress in 1968 , where she was a founding member of both the Congressional Black Caucus and the National Women 's Political Caucus .
She ran for president in 1972 , winning 152 delegates in the Democratic primary but losing the party 's nomination to George McGovern .
Shirley Chisholm served in Congress until 1983 .
During her congressional career , Shirley Chisholm was noted for her support for women 's rights , her advocacy of legislation to benefit those in poverty , and her opposition to the Vietnam war .
Selected Shirley Chisholm Quotations
• I was the first American citizen to be elected to Congress in spite of the double drawbacks of being female and having skin darkened by melanin .
When you put it that way , it sounds like a foolish reason for fame .
In a just and free society it would be foolish .
That I am a national figure because I was the first person in 192 years to be at once a congressman , black and a woman proves , I think , that our society is not yet either just or free .
• I want history to remember me not just as the first black woman to be elected to Congress , not as the first black woman to have made a bid for the presidency of the United States , but as a black woman who lived in the 20th century and dared to be herself .
• Of my two " handicaps " being female put more obstacles in my path than being black .
• I 've always met more discrimination being a woman than being black .
• My God , what do we want ?
What does any human being want ?
Take away an accident of pigmentation of a thin layer of our outer skin and there is no difference between me and anyone else .
All we want is for that trivial difference to make no difference .
• Racism is so universal in this country , so widespread and deep - seated , that it is invisible because it is so normal .
• We Americans have a chance to become someday a nation in which all racial stocks and classes can exist in their own selfhoods , but meet on a basis of respect and equality and live together , socially , economically , and politically .
• In the end , anti-black , anti-female , and all forms of discrimination are equivalent to the same thing - anti-humanism .
• My greatest political asset , which professional politicians fear , is my mouth , out of which come all kinds of things one should n't always discuss for reasons of political expediency .
• The United States was said not to be ready to elect a Catholic to the Presidency when Al Smith ran in the 1920's .
But Smith 's nomination may have helped pave the way for the successful campaign John F. Kennedy waged in 1960 .
Who can tell ?
What I hope most is that now there will be others who will feel themselves as capable of running for high political office as any wealthy , good - looking white male .
• At present , our country needs women 's idealism and determination , perhaps more in politics than anywhere else .
• I am , was , and always will be a catalyst for change .
• There is little place in the political scheme of things for an independent , creative personality , for a fighter .
Anyone who takes that role must pay a price .
• One distressing thing is the way men react to women who assert their equality : their ultimate weapon is to call them unfeminine .
They think she is anti-male ; they even whisper that she 's probably a lesbian .
• ... rhetoric never won a revolution yet .
• Prejudice against blacks is becoming unacceptable although it will take years to eliminate it .
But it is doomed because , slowly , white America is beginning to admit that it exists .
Prejudice against women is still acceptable .
There is very little understanding yet of the immorality involved in double pay scales and the classification of most of the better jobs as " for men only . " ( 1969 )
• Tremendous amounts of talent are being lost to our society just because that talent wears a skirt .
• Service is the rent we pay for the privilege of living on this earth .
( attributed to Chisholm ; some sources attributed to Marian Wright Edelman )
• I am not anti-white , because I understand that white people , like black ones , are victims of a racist society .
They are products of their time and place .
• The emotional , sexual , and psychological stereotyping of females begins when the doctor says , " It 's a girl . "
• When morality comes up against profit , it is seldom profit that loses .
• To label family planning and legal abortion programs " genocide " is male rhetoric , for male ears .
• Which is more like genocide , I have asked some of my black brothers -- this , the way things are , or the conditions I am fighting for in which the full range of family planning services is available to women of all classes and colors , starting with effective contraception and extending to safe , legal terminations of undesired pregnancies at a price they can afford ?
• Women know , and so do many men , that two or three children who are wanted , prepared for , reared amid love and stability , and educated to the limit of their ability will mean more for the future of the black and brown races from which they come than any number of neglected , hungry , ill - housed and ill - clothed youngsters .
Pride in one 's race , as will simple humanity , supports this view .
• It is not heroin or cocaine that makes one an addict , it is the need to escape from a harsh reality .
There are more television addicts , more baseball and football addicts , more movie addicts , and certainly more alcohol addicts in this country than there are narcotics addicts .
Sources
Chisholm , Shirley .
The Good Fight .
Harper Collins , 1973 .
Chisholm , Shirley .
Unbought and Unbossed .
Houghton Mifflin Harcourt , 1970 .
Vaidyanathan , Rajini .
" Before Hillary Clinton , there was Shirley Chisholm . "
BBC , 26 January 2016 , https://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-35057641.
Winslow , Barbara .
Shirley Chisholm : Catalyst for Change .
Routledge , 2013 .
( CNN ) -- Sen. Barack Obama raised $ 55 million in February , his campaign reported Thursday , setting a record for political fundraising in one month .
Sen . Barack Obama says he received donations from 727,972 people in February .
The amount far outpaces the $ 35 million his rival for the Democratic presidential nomination , Sen. Hillary Clinton , raised over the same period .
The Illinois Democrat set the previous record in January when he raised $ 36 million .
The campaign said 727,972 donors contributed to the campaign in February .
More than half of them were first - time contributors .
A majority of the money , $ 45 million , was raised online , the campaign said .
More than 90 percent of the donations were under $ 100 , and more than half were under $ 25 .
Less than $ 1 million of the funds raised in February can only be used if Obama receives his party 's nomination , the campaign said .
All the rest may go toward campaigning in the primary season .
Clinton and Obama 's battle for the Democratic presidential nomination took on new energy this week after Clinton 's comeback victories in Ohio and Texas Tuesday .
The Clinton campaign has been raising $ 3 million a day since Clinton 's victories Tuesday , a campaign adviser told CNN .
The two campaigns Thursday showed they were ready to use the campaign funds to battle for every delegate as they planned events in states that rarely show up on the Democrats ' political radar .
The next big prize is Pennsylvania , which holds its primary April 22 .
But in a tight race , every delegate is critical , and the Clinton campaign Thursday dispatched former President Clinton to campaign for his wife in Wyoming , which holds Democratic caucuses Saturday .
Both Democratic candidates are scheduled to campaign in Wyoming Friday .
The Wyoming party will divvy up 12 delegates based on the caucus results .
Clinton was headed Thursday to Mississippi , which holds a primary March 11 .
Mississippi has 33 delegates at stake .
Obama planned to spend the day in his hometown of Chicago , Illinois , planning his campaign strategy with his staff .
The two candidates are separated by fewer than 100 delegates , CNN estimates , with Obama leading Clinton 1,520 to 1,424 .
The closeness of the delegate race has put the controversy over how the Democratic party handles the Michigan and Florida delegations back in the spotlight .
The national party penalized each state for moving their primaries before February 5 by stripping each state of its delegates , turning the January 15 primary in Michigan and the January 29 primary in Florida into largely symbolic contests .
Clinton won both contests after she and the rest of the top - tier candidates declined to campaign in either state before the voting began .
But political leaders in Florida and a Michigan are pushing to have their delegates seated at the national convention in August .
If the delegations are seated , it could significantly affect who receives the Democratic nomination .
Florida has 210 delegates at stake , and Michigan has 156 .
Allocate the remaining delegates »
On Wednesday , Florida Gov. Charlie Crist , a Republican , and Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm , a Democrat , called on the Democratic National Committee to seat their states ' delegations .
They accused the party in a statement of silencing " the voices of 5,163,271 Americans " who voted in their primaries .
" It is intolerable that the national political parties have denied the citizens of Michigan and Florida their votes and voices at their respective national conventions , " they wrote .
Democratic National Committee Chairman Howard Dean Thursday said the states can either come up with a new plan to choose a slate of delegates or appeal to the party 's credentials committee when the convention opens in August .
" The rules were set a year and a half ago .
Florida and Michigan voted for them and then decided that they did n't need to abide by the rules .
When you 're in a contest you do need to abide by the rules , " he told CNN Thursday .
Florida and Michigan could hold new primaries or caucuses to allocate their delegates .
Crist said he would be willing to allow the Democrats to hold another primary but was opposed to having the state pay for it .
The congressional delegations of Florida and Michigan also met on Capitol Hill Wednesday night to discuss options .
The final delegate count will also be shaped by the final results from Tuesday 's Democratic caucuses in Texas .
Watch what 's going on in Texas »
The party will split 67 delegates according to the caucus results .
Obama was leading Clinton 56 percent to 44 percent with 41 percent of the precincts reporting .
If Obama comes out on top , that would be a reversal of Tuesday 's Texas primary results , where Clinton beat Obama 51 percent to 48 percent .
E-mail to a friend
All About Barack Obama • Hillary Clinton • U.S. Presidential Election
EPA
Bags of debt relief
ANGANWADI ( courtyard ) centres look after infants and pregnant women in India 's villages and slums .
Those who run them feed the children in their care yellow dal to guard against malnutrition and weigh them regularly to keep track of their growth .
They help get them immunisation jabs and lead them in songs .
Many say they take great pleasure in their work , which is just as well since the stipend is a meagre 1,000 rupees ( $ 25 ) a month .
But on February 29th India 's finance minister announced he would raise the monthly stipend of anganwadi workers to 1,500 rupees .
It was one of innumerable benedictions dispensed in his budget , the last before the governing United Progressive Alliance , led by the Congress party , has to call an election .
Palaniappan Chidambaram had 7.5 trillion rupees to spend .
His speech sprawled over 187 paragraphs , stopping to quote an ancient muse , two dead prime ministers and one live one .
He found time to protect India 's tiger , exempt earnings from pot plants , and tax unfiltered cigarettes as heavily as filtered ones .
Mr Chidambaram 's coffers are full , thanks to India 's fine economic performance .
The economy is expected to grow by 8.7 % this fiscal year , which ends on March 31st , having grown by 9.6 % and 9.4 % in the previous two .
The hills are alive with the sound of tax revenue .
The exchequer will take 24 % more this year than last .
These buoyant revenues have allowed the finance minister to meet ( give or take ) the fiscal rules his government wrote for itself in 2004 .
He has narrowed the central government 's deficit to 3.1 % of GDP this fiscal year , compared with 4.5 % when he took office in 2004 ; he predicts a budget gap of just 2.5 % in the year to come .
But these figures take no account of a forthcoming pay commission , which meets every decade or so to set the salaries of the government 's vast retinue of employees ( see article ) .
Unlike anganwadi workers , these public servants expect generous remuneration .
The commission 's recommendations , due on March 31st , will cascade through the public finances .
After the last one , the annual cost of public pay and pensions eventually swelled by 600 billion rupees .
Moreover , the economy is beginning to stumble .
Corporate profits provided a quarter of Mr Chidambaram 's revenues this fiscal year but industrial production is slowing .
The slowdown may return India to about 8 % growth , possibly a more sustainable rate .
But Mr Chidambaram seems to view this as a shortfall from the 9 - 10 % growth to which India is entitled .
He cut duties on scooters and small cars to boost demand .
He also raised the amount people can earn before they pay tax .
One area of the economy that is undeniably stagnant is farming , which will probably grow by just 2.6 % this year .
Too many Indians still rely on the land , and too much of the country 's arable land depends on the vagaries of the monsoon .
Over 17,000 farmers killed themselves in 2006 , according to one estimate , often to escape unpayable debts .
Relieving farmers ' debts , India 's opposition parties decided , was a vote - winner .
They resolved to bang on the doors of Mr Chidambaram 's treasury , raising a racket that would carry them to victory in state polls this year , or even a national election in the autumn .
But the doors were already open .
In his budget Mr Chidambaram promised to wash clean the slates of about 30 m small farmers by the time the next monsoon falls .
Another 10 m larger landholders can choose to repay 75 % of their debts , and have the remainder written off .
The bail - out may not reach those on the verge of desperation , who tend to be bigger farmers taking gambles on cotton crops .
Nor will it help those in hock to loan sharks , whose lending is beyond the government 's reach .
But by making it easier for farmers to take out fresh loans from reputable institutions , it may stop them turning to moneylenders in the first place .
Such largesse sounds wonderful , but a dramatic cancellation of loans could raise doubts about the rural - credit culture .
Loan forgiveness , says Y.S.P. Thorat , a former chairman of the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development , is like “ hot milk .
You have to keep blowing on it . ”
If managed properly , however , it should not do too much damage to “ repayment ethics ” , he says .
The kind of small farmers targeted by the scheme tend to be the most reluctant to default , he argues .
They are “ too much in awe of the system ” to abuse it .
The write - off will put another burden on India 's public finances .
But it succeeded in wrongfooting the opposition parties , who did not expect such generosity .
The farmers themselves were cannier .
In the months leading up to the budget , Mr Thorat says , there was a noticeable slowdown in loan repayments .
my DNS tools - a collection of free IP address & DNS tools for DNS Lookup , Whois , troubleshooting , testing , checking , or simply just exploring .
Use the links on the left for our range of free network tools
Painters have been working on the bridge for more than a century
The need for continuous maintenance of the structure has passed into folklore and led to the coining of a phrase for a never - ending job .
However , Network Rail has announced a £ 74 m contract which will see painters down their brushes in 2012 .
The new paint has an estimated life span of 25 years , although is it hoped it will last closer to 40 years .
The expression " like painting the Forth Bridge " features in the Cambridge International Dictionary of Idioms .
It states : " If repairing or improving something is like painting the Forth Bridge , it takes such a long time that by the time you have finished doing it , you have to start again . "
The restoration of this remarkable bridge will return it to near pristine condition
Marshall Scott
Balfour Beatty
For more than 100 years , that is how painting work on the bridge has been carried out .
However , Network Rail 's chief executive , Iain Coucher , said the company was now able to name the date when the process would end .
He said : " The work currently being undertaken will restore the bridge to its original condition and preserve the steel - work for decades to come .
" The team currently working on the bridge has now completed some of the most difficult work and they have already overcome the most significant challenges that this project posed . "
The work involves screening off sections of the bridge before old paintwork is removed and any repairs carried out on the bare steel .
The new paint , similar to that used in the offshore oil industry , is then applied in three coats .
Marshall Scott of engineers Balfour Beatty said : " We have now worked in excess of 2.4 million hours on the bridge over six years .
" We now look forward to taking this project to completion in 2012 and , with the removal of the scaffolding , the restoration of this remarkable bridge will return it to near pristine condition . "
Rescuing Bear Stearns , offering mortgage - backed securities swaps , holding closed - door meetings with JPMorgan Chase :
This is the face of the new Federal Reserve , the lone ranger attempting to solve financial crises when others turn in fright .
So far , few have dared ask a troubling question :
Who controls the Fed ?
The immediate and long - considered answer is that Chairman Ben Bernanke controls the Fed .
But to whom does Mr. Bernanke answer ?
He faces little plausible resistance from the White House , the Congress , or even the courts .
The concentration of power in one agency and its chairman is both troubling and , paradoxically , comforting .
Our federal government is not well structured to handle economic crises .
The president and Congress have little direct discretionary authority and are too often left to public posturing .
Congress passed , and the president signed , a " stimulus package " ostensibly to help the economy .
Sending out checks for a few hundred dollars to voters in 2008 may influence the election more than the economy .
Taxpayers will pick up the $ 200 billion tab .
How many members of Congress knew of Bear Stearns 's problems and the Fed 's solution before the rest of America ?
Even if a member had known , would he or she have had either the inclination or the power to do anything about it ?
Even much of the administration was left in the dark , or perhaps worse , was told what was happening regardless of their views .
Even where it has discretion , Congress will not take needed steps to help mend the underlying economy .
It will not discipline tax - and - spend policies , call for an end to crippling regulation , or stand against weakening the dollar .
A generation ago , the Federal Reserve was an obscure government agency .
Today , Mr. Bernanke is a widely known public figure .
For better or worse , the Fed is filling the vacuum of power and responsibility for the economy .
That assertion of power is potentially troubling .
The only entity in America that seems to be consistently tackling the current economic challenge is one that is perhaps not lawfully obligated to do so : the Fed .
Some observers believe that the Fed should worry about nothing more than inflation and the strength of the dollar .
Mr. Bernanke sees his responsibilities more broadly .
The Fed 's power , when it chooses to exercise it , is formidable .
Over the past eight months , the Fed has reduced benchmark rates several times , most recently yesterday , and by all appearances it will continue to do so .
In recent weeks , the Fed has also been more aggressive operating outside of the normal course of its business .
On March 7 , the Fed injected hundreds of billions of dollars into the economy by swapping federal bonds for mortgage debt .
Last week , the Fed together with JPMorgan Chase provided liquidity to Bear Stearns through a provision of the Federal Reserve Act that has not actively been used since the Great Depression .
Over the weekend , the Fed helped negotiate the deal between JPMorgan Chase and Bear Stearns .
Now , the Fed offers greater access to credit .
In attempting to avert chaos in the financial sector , the Fed has weakened the dollar .
The Fed 's exercise of power is problematic .
By regulating banks and having the authority to lend money to individual institutions under favorable terms , the Fed 's power can potentially be abused .
Did the Fed ask JPMorgan Chase for assistance with Bear Stearns , or vice versa ?
Why did the Fed go to JPMorgan Chase and not another bank ?
The very questions and many possible answers are troubling .
The president and Congress members will give many public speeches on the economy in the weeks and months ahead .
But they will take few practical steps to help the economy .
Mr. Bernanke will be meeting in private and negotiating actual outcomes .
One can only hope that , for his practically unlimited power , Mr. Bernanke uses it with wise restraint .
Third Test , Perth : India 330 & 294 bt Australia 212 & 340 by 72 runs ( day four )
Match scorecard
RP Singh sparked scenes of unbridled jubilation by bowling Tait
India denied Australia a record 17th straight victory by dismissing them for 340 to win the third Test by 72 runs .
Resuming on 65 - 2 , chasing 413 , the hosts did well to only lose Ricky Ponting ( 45 ) on the fourth morning .
But Mike Hussey ( 46 ) , Andrew Symonds , Adam Gilchrist and Brett Lee fell to make it 243 - 7 at tea , while Anil Kumble had Michael Clarke ( 81 ) stumped .
Mitchell Johnson ( 50 no ) shared 73 with Stuart Clark ( 32 ) but India persevered to cut their series deficit to 2 - 1 .
It ended the home side 's hopes of surpassing the 16 consecutive victories achieved by Steve Waugh 's Aussies between 1999 - 2001 .
The defeat was their first since the thriller at Trent Bridge against England in 2005 , and their first on home soil since India beat them in Adelaide in 2003 .
606 : DEBATE
After the rhetoric of the past few few weeks , cricket finally came to life at Perth
Englindian
And the tourists will now fancy their chances of completing their fightback in the finale at the same South Australia venue and emulate the series draw they achieved that time .
That is a remarkable prospect considering the acrimony and soul - searching which followed their controversial defeat in Sydney .
Australia were hoping the Waca pitch , which had shown signs of variable bounce and turn would hold up well in the baking heat .
However , their chances suffered an early blow when captain Ponting was caught by Rahul Dravid at first slip off Ishant Sharma , and the middle order fell away after lunch .
Hussey was trapped lbw by RP Singh and Symonds was leg - before to skipper Kumble although replays showed he had made contact with the bat .
Part - time spinner Sehwag then did further damage by bowling Gilchrist round his legs for 15 and having Lee snapped up at silly mid-off by VVS Laxman .
Clark and Johnson swung the bat merrily to frustrate the Indians
While Clarke was at the crease the Aussies retained an outside chance of a stunning success .
But his 134 - ball defiance ended when he charged down the track to leg - spinner Kumble and was a couple of yards short when Mahendra Dhoni whipped off the bails .
India 's celebrations were delayed by an unlikely obstacle in Johnson , who smashed Sehwag over mid-on for six and clubbed three fours in one Kumble over costing 17 runs .
Johnson was bowled off a Kumble no -ball and dropped on the boundary at wide long - on by Sehwag before clubbing a massive six in the same region to bring up the fifty partnership off 47 balls .
The visitors were losing their grip , on the ball and their nerves , as edges and heaves dropped agonisingly short of fielders .
Singh was handed the second new ball at the first opportunity and Clark , who was fed a steady diet of long - hops , promptly pulled him for another maximum to bring the target down to 100 .
The tail - enders ' confidence was soaring but Pathan found Clark 's edge to have him caught behind .
Johnson , who was dropped by Dravid at first slip off Singh , deservedly reached his maiden Test fifty off 80 balls but Singh clean bowled Shaun Tait to seal a momentous Indian triumph .
From the party who still loves Oliver North , this should come as no surprise .
Though this pretty much puts to rest any argument about whether Petraeus is “ political ” or not .
You think ?
Besides talking about his own visions of glory in American politics , read the entire article which highlights – lowlights , actually – the miserably failed missions of Petraeus during his time in Iraq .
( Note : The Independent is a perfectly respectable British newspaper and not a trashy tabloid . )
The US commander in Iraq , General David Petraeus , expressed long - term interest in running for the US presidency when he was stationed in Baghdad , according to a senior Iraqi official who knew him at that time .
Sabah Khadim , then a senior adviser at Iraq ’s Interior Ministry , says General Petraeus discussed with him his ambition when the general was head of training and recruitment of the Iraqi army in 2004 - 05 .
“ I asked him if he was planning to run in 2008 and he said , ‘ No , that would be too soon ’ , ” Mr Khadim , who now lives in London , said … .
For a soldier whose military abilities and experience are so lauded by the White House , General Petraeus has had a surprisingly controversial career in Iraq .
His critics hold him at least partly responsible for three debacles : the capture of Mosul by the insurgents in 2004 ; the failure to train an effective Iraqi army and the theft of the entire Iraqi arms procurement budget in 2004 - 05 .
Is this the kind of person we want to rely on for something as critical as whether or not to stay in Iraq ?
Let ’s hear more about the success of his Iraqi Army training programs , and about what happened to the US taxpayer funded military equipment , before we listen to Petraeus ’ reasons for why we need to stay in Iraq .
When someone has been part of the problem , why should we suddenly expect them to be part of the solution ?
NOTE FROM JOHN :
The reason we ’re still in Iraq , the reason we ca n’t withdraw ( they tell us ) , is because the Iraq security forces are n’t yet ready to stand up so we can stand down .
Well , Mr. Petraeus was in charge of training those forces .
I think it ’s time the Democrats held hearings on the status of the Iraq security forces and their training .
And , gosh , I guess that means Mr. Petraeus would be a rather large subject of those hearings .
I usually try not to pay too much attention to the daily financial news .
For longer than I care to remember , it has been nothing more than a mouthpiece for those who created and control the “ stock market . ”
Rumor and speculation fed to the masses of idiots by the master manipulators who bet on futures of corporations , debt instruments , commodities and precious metals .
If you think the Wall Street Journal is anything other than a propaganda outlet , I would recommend seriously re-evaluating your position , or alternately , reading no further in this article .
{ *1}
That all said , the Bear Sterns story from this past Friday barely caught my attention .
Leading into the weekend , my thoughts were simply that yet another company was being looted from the inside .
Furthermore , I expected that some scapegoats would later get the blame ( remember Barings Bank , BCCI , or Societe Generale ? ) , and then , it ’d be business as usual on “ the street , ” until the next firm is brought down in the classic Mafia fire - sale methodology . {* 2}
JPMorgan
Chase stepping in to announce an offer should have indicated something odd was afoot , but it did n’t register .
The Federal Reserve ’s emergency weekend meeting , on the surface , seemed like damage control to make sure the entire market did n’t plummet yet .
{ * 3} So , they ( the Fed ) again lowered interest rates , thereby further ensuring the dollar ’s continued decline and the ongoing destruction of what once was the known as “ The United States of America . ”
Then , on Monday , JP Morgan announced its buy - out of the ailing company for a paltry $ 2 per share .
Now that , is suspicious on two fronts .
One , regardless that Bear Sterns was trading at a meaningless market - value of $ 170 / share as little as a year ago , the firm had a book value of between $ 75 / share and $ 84 / share .
That is the intrinsic value of the firm ’s assets ( e.g. , were it sold off piece by piece ) .
The office building , where Bear Sterns is headquartered , alone is valued at roughly $ 1.5 billion .
So , JP Morgan is paying $ 240 million for a company valued at approximately $ 10 billion .
Calling the deal a “ bargain , ” is akin to calling the Titanic a “ dingy . ”
Two , the firm JPMorgan Chase , was started by John Pierpont Morgan , who was working on behalf of the Rothschild family .
The firm is currently one of the few big consolidated banks left and is firmly in the hands of the Rockefeller crime family , who some argue , is also serving Rothschild interests .
Now , anyone who ’s bothered to research real history , knows these “ families ” were at the root of the 1929 Stock Market Crash and the ensuing Great Depression . {* 4}
Here ’s a rather revealing Associated Press comment on what transpired Monday :
The arrangement , the first of its kind since the 1930s , resulted in Bear getting a 28 - day loan from JPMorgan with the government ’s guarantee that JPMorgan would not suffer any losses on the deal .
Some savior JPMorgan has turned out to be , huh ?
At one point , before the rumors and the panic started , Bear Sterns had roughly $ 17 billion in cash on the balance sheet .
In last week ’s chaos , those liquid assets literally disappeared ; Bear Sterns found itself a victim of the rumors , unable to secure financing from its lenders and unable to stay afloat .
As to the source of the rumors , well common sense and logic are probably more important than any “ official ” news or reports to figure that one out .
The phrase “ qui bono ” comes to mind .
Tip : ask it before asking any other .
The final caveat ?
The Federal Reserve ’s own press release , issued two hours after the JPMorgan Chase / Bear Sterns deal was sealed :
The Federal Reserve Board voted unanimously to authorize the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to create a lending facility to improve the ability of primary dealers to provide financing to participants in securitization markets .
This facility will be available for business on Monday , March 17 .
Basically , this announcement ( which obviously came out of the emergency weekend session ) would have killed the deal and saved Bear Sterns , its shareholders and its employees .
OK ?
Ignore all the financial networks , the talking heads , the industry pundits and the garbage press .
All one needs to do is use their own critical reasoning ability and read the above two paragraphs .
The sun has yet to set .
The daylight robbery is now complete .
Which begs the question : where was the sheriff during all this ?
This image seems too fitting :
This has not been the first time a public swindle of this magnitude has been pulled off .
Anyone remember Enron ?
The Smartest Guys in the Room documentary only scratches the surface of what happened .
The trial of Ken Lay and Jeffrey Skilling was the beginning of the path to some form of “ justice , ” but the all too convenient and all too suspicious death / murder / disappearance of Lay put an end to all that .
We also had the super - convenient controlled - demolition / accidental - collapse of WTC7 ( where Enron ’s case files were housed ] .
So , Kenneth Lay is either “ Up In Smoke ” ( literally ) , or sitting on some remote island sipping Pina Coladas with Osama bin Laden , Timothy McVeigh and Tupac Shakur .
Depends on perspective I guess . { *5}
Why JPMorgan and not someone else ?
Why not just the normal hostile takeover attempt ?
I doubt the middle managers ( the capos that run JPMorgan Chase ) could have pulled off a heist of this magnitude , without explicit approval from the “ Don ” ( aka the Federal Reserve ) .
A bidding war would definitely not have been allowed , as Bear Sterns was one of the primary dealers of government securities , and therefore could not be let fall into foreign hands ( i.e. , outside “ the family ” ) .
Leaving little doubt that JPMorgan Chase is part and parcel of the planned ongoing economic collapse [ aka the mass global consolidation and monopolization we are witnessing ] is their association with Barrick Gold and the gold price manipulation lawsuits .
Many suspect Lehman Brothers will be next .
Whether this is rumor - mongering by whatever behemoth hopes to swallow them up , or fall - out from fleeing investors , I ’ll leave for you to contemplate .
Regardless , it fits the pattern of the ongoing consolidation we are bearing witness to .
The same guys who took over “ everything ” back in the 1930 ’s may now be tired of trying to control this huge web of corporations and personalities ( I believe the interlocking Boards of Directors are the steering method ) .
As a friend of mine in the business lamented , “ Eventually , there will be a Ministry of Banking and a Ministry of Investments . ”
Orwell may have not necessarily been so far off - base .
As I pondered the relevance of the prior events , contemplating synchromystic connections , the television dial stopped on a news clip of David Paterson being ceremonially sworn in as the new Governor of New York .
He ’s blind ?
And , not just blind , but the way his eyes were , it looked almost as if he was intentionally closing them .
Oh , how appropriate !
What synchromysticism is trying to tell me , and now hopefully you , is that a gang of outlaws has openly taken over our town and appointed a blind sheriff .
[ cue ominous music ]
Yes , they are laughing at us .
Hm !
Does this have something to do with Eliot Spitzer ?
It did seem kind of odd that he was exposed a couple of weeks ago .
When the major media pushes a story down our throats , it is safe to assume they ’ve been instructed to .
After all , when looking at the upper echelons of government , cavorting with prostitutes is a rather benign offense .
Were one to attend some state function featuring these “ dignitaries , ” you could not throw a rock without hitting either a pederast , a drug dealer / user , or someone who has participated in homosexual orgies at “ The Grove . ”
Synchronistically continuing , shortly after I wrote my first draft of this article , I tuned into Oracle Broadcasting , and heard these two stories :
The logical path to follow , is to then ask , “ Who first broke the prostitute story ? ”
It was the New York Times ( i.e. , Judith Miller ’s propaganda rag ) .
So then next , we have to ask , “ Why was Spitzer murdered ? ” [ There are two ways to kill people : physically or politically . ]
The Spitzer Hit List reads like a who ’s who of financial mafiosos who would like nothing more than to get this guy out of their way .
Had to replace the Sheriff !
Again , logic ( and , reading between the lines ) would lead one to conclude that Spitzer was either going after some of the higher - ups , may have acted to prevent the robbery in question , or was getting ready to expose something that just could not be allowed .
Oddly enough , as implied above , the Spitzer trail leads back to the financial angles of the 9/11 Conspiracy :
Taking into consideration the source of the second article above , I highly doubt that Spitzer was out to expose 9/11 .
As the host speculated during said show : Eliot may have been unhappy about not getting paid a what he deemed a proper cut of Silverstein ’s mega - settlement after helping him procure it .
Perhaps .
Was he ruffling feathers or jockeying for position ?
I do n’t know .
I will leave that for you to decide .
Exercise your own judgment .
Form your own opinion .
Research for yourself .
Whatever comes out of all this , you can rest assured that the consolidation will continue .
The American Public will continue to get f*cked while they watch TV , either suckered in by the utter nonsense about the “ rivalry ” between a puppet named Hillary and a puppet named Obama , or tuning out and watching American Idol , dreaming that one day they too will be a star .
All the while , the traitors in charge of our financial systems will go on with their plan to reduce America to a Third World country .
No baby .
You wo n’t be a star .
But , if you do n’t turn off that television and learn to start thinking for yourself , your children will be scrambling around shining shoes or selling trinkets , just like those poor little Mexican kids you took photos of when you and your friends were drunk in Cabo a few years ago .
Disclaimer :
This article was written at an earlier stage of my development , thus it may contain some minor points which do not necessarily reflect my present belief set .
Posted in Articles ( ID )
Tags : 911 , AIG , bear stearns , conmen , corruption , david paterson , eliot spitzer , Enron , federal reserve , great depression , jp morgan , JPMorgan Chase , judith miller , Kenneth Lay , Lehman Brothers , mafia , politics , psychological warfare , Rockefellers , rothschilds
SARAJEVO , Bosnia – The Bosnian girl who famously read a poem to Hillary Rodham Clinton during her 1996 visit to the war - torn country is shocked – and her countrymen infuriated – that the former first lady claimed to have dodged sniper fire that day .
Emina Bicakcic , now 20 and studying to become a doctor , told The Post she stood on the tarmac at the air base in Tuzla , greeted Clinton and even had time to share the lines of verse she ’d written – all without fear of attack from an unseen enemy .
“ I was surprised when I heard this , ” Bicakcic said , referring to Clinton ’s assertion that she braved snipers upon landing , ducking and sprinting to military vehicles .
Other Bosnians said they had one of two reactions to Clinton ’s debunked action - hero account of her visit : laughter or anger .
“ It ’s an exaggeration , ” said former acting President Ejup Ganic , who was present during Clinton ’s visit .
“ No one was firing .
There were no shots fired . ”
Sema Markovic , 22 , a student , said she has long respected Hillary as a strong leader but was angered by her remarks .
“ It is an ugly thing for a politician to tell lies , ’ she said .
“ We had problems for years , and I do n’t like when someone lies about them .
It makes us look bad . ”
Clinton has since admitted she “ misspoke . ”
Bicakcic , asked if she feared any threat of violence that day , said she felt just the opposite .
“ No , ” she said , speaking at her home in Sarajevo , the Bosnian capital .
“ I was just excited .
I wanted to look [ Clinton ] in the eye and say , ‘ Thank you . ’ ”
And Clinton , she said , seemed far more interested in her poem than in dashing for shelter .
“ She was really listening , ” Bicakcic recalled .
“ She was drinking in every word of my poem . ”
Her poem begins with the words , “ Peace has come . ”
Bicakcic said she was reluctant to criticize Clinton ’s account of that day because of a deep appreciation for the US role in ending Bosnia ’s bloody nightmare .
A picture of the girl ’s meeting with the then - first lady – signed and inscribed by Clinton – has become a treasured family heirloom .
Still , Bicakcic admitted that she is not supporting Clinton in her contest against Barack Obama .
“ I ’m staying neutral , ” she said , declining to discuss the issue further .
“ I have very mixed emotions about it .
It ’s a difficult situation for me . ”
Former acting President Ganic said that while the war with Serbia had largely ended by the time Clinton visited , he was still nervous about hosting such an important foreign figure , which meant more security and , ultimately , less risk for the former first lady that day .
“ We were nervous , so we cut down the ceremony , ” he recalled .
“ You do n’t mess around with your key friends .
There was a little bit of risk , but it was not like that .
She did n’t run . ”
A worker at the airstrip where Clinton landed said the surrounding hills that could have harbored snipers were far too distant to pose any real threat to the first lady .
He said that he found her false account hard to stomach and that it unnecessarily revived difficult memories .
Many Bosnians – still confronted with bullet - scarred and burned - out buildings from Sarajevo to Tuzla – said their very real experiences with violence should not serve as cheap fodder for Clinton ’s political ambitions .
“ It was a horrible lie , ” said 29 - year - old Midhat Efendira .
Like most Bosnians , he expressed a deep appreciation of Bill Clinton for his role in ending the war .
But he found Hillary Clinton ‘s remarks intolerable .
“ It was a low blow , ” he said .
“ She did it to gain sensational publicity . ”
Efendira said that Bosnians are closely following the US presidential race and that Hillary ’s remarks have damaged the formerly untouchable Clinton name in the country .
Sead Numanovic , the deputy editor - in - chief of Bosnia ’s largest newspaper , Dnevni Avaz , laughed at Sen .
Clinton ’s account of the alleged sniper fire and her claim that she “ misspoke . ”
“ My first thought was , she must be kidding , ” he said .
“ When someone threatens your life , you do n’t make a mistake . ”
Numanovic said his paper has not even bothered to cover the story .
“ We do n’t have space for someone ’s lies , ” he said .
“ Why is she so stupid ?
It does n’t portray her as a real leader . ”
Some Bosnians contrasted Clinton ’s jaunt to the truly dangerous visits paid by now - deceased former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto and former Turkish Prime Minister Tansu Ciller in 1994 .
In an effort to call attention to Sarajevo ’s plight , the two female heads of state donned flak jackets and were driven throughout the heart of the bullet - riddled city at the height of the conflict .
Two days after their visit , 69 people were killed in a mortar attack on a central market .
Editor Numanovic summed up his opinion of the Clinton “ sniper fire ” controversy with a little dig at US culture .
“ I guess there has to be a little bit of Hollywood in everything , ” he said with a laugh .
selim.algar@nypost.com
Indiana University researchers are studying a ground - breaking theory that young children are able to learn large groups of words rapidly by data - mining .
Their theory , which they have explored with 12 - and 14 - month - olds , takes a radically different approach to the accepted view that young children learn words one at a time -- something they do remarkably well by the age of 2 but not so well before that .
Data mining , usually computer - assisted , involves analyzing and sorting through massive amounts of raw data to find relationships , correlations and ultimately useful information .
It often is used and thought of in a business context or used by financial analysts , and more recently , a wide range of research fields , such as biology and chemistry .
IU cognitive science experts Linda Smith and Chen Yu are investigating whether the human brain accumulates large amounts of data minute by minute , day by day , and handles this data processing automatically .
They are studying whether this phenomenon contributes to a " system " approach to language learning that helps explain the ease by which 2 - and 3 - year - olds can learn one word at a time .
" This new discovery changes completely how we understand children 's word learning , " Smith said .
" It 's very exciting . "
Smith , chair of the Department of Psychological and Brain Sciences at IU Bloomington , and Yu , assistant professor in the department , recently received a $ 1 million grant from the National Institutes of Health to fund this research for five years .
Here are some recent findings :
* In one of their studies , published in the journal Cognition , Yu and Smith attempted to teach 28 12 - to 14 - month - olds six words by showing them two objects at a time on a computer monitor while two pre-recorded words were read to them .
No information was given regarding which word went with which image .
After viewing various combinations of words and images , however , the children were surprisingly successful at figuring out which word went with which picture .
* In the adult version of the study , which used the same eye - tracking technology used in the Cognition study , adults were taught 18 words in just six minutes .
Instead of viewing two images at a time , they simultaneously were shown anywhere from three to four , while hearing the same number of words .
The adults , like the children , learned significantly more than would be expected by chance .
Many of the adult subjects indicated they were certain they had learned nothing and were " amazed " by their success .
Yu and Smith wrote in the journal Psychological Science , " This suggests that cross-situational learning may go forward non-strategically and automatically , steadily building a reliable lexicon . "
Yu and Smith say it 's possible that the more words tots hear , and the more information available for any individual word , the better their brains can begin simultaneously ruling out and putting together word - object pairings , thus learning what 's what .
Yu , who has a doctorate in computer science and writes much of the software programming for their studies , said that if they can identify key factors involved in this form of learning and how it can be manipulated , they might be able to make learning languages easier , through training DVDs and other means , for children and adults .
The learning mechanisms used by the children to learn words also could be used to further machine learning .
It took 75 years , but the Reichstag Fire patsy , Marinus van der Lubbe , has been exonerated of his " crime " .
The Guardian covered the news on January 12 , and the New York Times mentions it today , 7 paragraphs into this article .
The innocence of van der Lubbe has been common knowledge to some for decades , and the truth of his " crime " was popularized by William Shirer in his classic book , The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich " back in 1960 ;
" That it was a crime , a Communist crime , they proclaimed at once on arrival at the fire .
Goering , sweating and puffing and quite beside himself with excitement , was already there ahead of them ( Hitler , President von Hindenburg , etc. ) declaiming to heaven , as Papen later recalled , that " this is a Communist crime against the new government . "
To the new Gestapo chief , Rudolf Diels , Goering shouted , " This is the beginning of the Communist revolution !
We must not wait a minute .
We will show no mercy .
Every Communist official must be shot , where he is found .
Every Communist deputy must this very night be strung up . "
The whole truth about the Reichstag fire will probably never be known .
Nearly all those who knew it are now dead , most of them slain by Hitler in the months that followed .
Even at Nuremburg the mystery could not be entirely unraveled , though there is enough evidence to establish beyond a reasonable doubt that it was the Nazis who planned the arson and carried it out for their own political ends .
From Goering 's Reichstag President 's Palace an underground passage , built to carry the central heating system , ran to the Reichstag building .
Through this tunnel Karl Ernst , a former hotel bellhop who had become the Berlin S.A. leader , led a small detachment of storm troopers on the night of February 27 to the Reichstag , where they scattered gasoline and self - igniting chemicals and then made their way quickly back to the palace the way they had come .
At the same time a half - witted Dutch Communist with a passion for arson , Marinus van der Lubbe , had made his way into the huge , darkened and to him unfamiliar building and set some small fires of his own .
This feeble - minded pyromaniac was a godsend to the Nazis .
He had been picked up by the S.A. a few days before after having been overheard in a bar boasting that he had attempted to set fire to several buildings and that he was going to try the Reichstag next .
The coincidence that the Nazis had found a demented Communist arsonist who was out to to do exactly what they themselves had determined to do seems incredible but is nevertheless supported by the evidence .
The idea for the fire almost certainly originated with Goebbels and Goering .
Hans Gisevius , an official in the Prussian Ministry of the Interior at the time , testified at Nuremburg that " it was Goebbels who first thought of setting the Reichstag on fire , " and Rudolf Diels , the Gestapo chief , added in an affadavit that " Goering knew exactly how the fire was to be started " and had ordered him to prepare , prior to the fire , a list of people who were to be arrested immediately after it . "
- William L. Shirer , The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich , pp. 192-193 ( Emphasis added . )
Will we have to wait this long for Oswald to be cleared ?
How about the 9/11 nineteen ?
75 years is too long .
In honor of Abraham Lincoln 's actual birthday on Tuesday , here are portions of an online interview I conducted with my long - time friend Gerald J. Prokopowicz , history department chairman at East Carolina University , former historical director of the Lincoln Museum in Fort Ft. Wayne , Ind. , and author of the new Random House / Pantheon book , " Did Lincoln Own Slaves ?
And other frequently asked questions about Abraham Lincoln . "
Q : If Lincoln were alive today , whom would he be supporting for president ?
A : Lincoln , if he were alive today , would almost certainly be thinking , " Can somebody help me get out of this tomb ? "
The presidential race would not be his first concern .
Q : OK , you 're going to resist speculating on the passions and whims of Lincoln if he were transplanted into our era .
Fair enough .
You have your academic dignity to maintain .
But do n't these kinds of questions intrigue you ?
Leno or Letterman ?
PC or Mac ?
Boxers or briefs ?
A : Those questions are certainly interesting , but they reflect the narcissism of our society .
If Lincoln actually could be brought back to life for a brief moment ( as in fact happened in 1993 , according to the Weekly World News ) , surely we would do better to ask him about his world instead of what he thought about ours .
Q : Your title question — " Did Lincoln own slaves ? " — is clearly absurd .
Why did you choose it ?
A : Because it 's still frequently asked .
Usually , it 's raised as a way of attacking Lincoln , sort of like a historical push - poll .
Q : What motivates those attacks ?
A : Some critics look at his careful and politically practical approach to ending slavery and mistake it for reluctance to help African - Americans .
Others overlook slavery altogether and romanticize the Confederacy as a libertarian paradise crushed by the tyrant Lincoln .
But since even Lincoln 's most extreme opponents can't deny that the end of slavery was a good thing , they have to try to disassociate Lincoln from emancipation , and that leads to the absurdity of implying that Lincoln must have been a slave owner .
Q : What are other popular questions ?
A : They change over time .
To take one example , 50 years ago , people wanted to know all about Ann Rutledge , who , according to one source , was the only true love of Lincoln 's life .
Now it 's hard to find people who even recognize the name of Ann Rutledge , but everyone seems to want to know if Lincoln was sexually attracted to men .
Q : Since you bring it up , was he ?
A : There 's no evidence he was .
He had a close male friend , Joshua Speed , with whom he shared quarters when they were both single — as you and I did during and after college .
Being less affluent than we were they had only one bed in their apartment , which they shared , but that was common in that era and not proof of physical attraction .
Q : Given that the Q&A format is often recognized by discerning readers as evidence of a lazy writer who does n't want to struggle with transitions , why did you choose that format for your book ?
A : I got it from your columns .
--------
What was Lincoln 's middle name ?
Was his father a bum ?
Where did he go to college and law school ?
What was his funniest joke ?
What do scholars make of those eerie claims about Lincoln 's similarities to President John F. Kennedy — that President Lincoln had a secretary named Kennedy and President Kennedy had a secretary named Lincoln , that they were both assassinated on Friday and so on ?
The interview continues below .
Kurt Nimmo
Truth News
March 29 , 2008
Now that Michael Mukasey is firmly installed as AG , we begin to get a whiff of his agenda , as dictated by the bankers and their neocon collaborators .
From the Associated Press :
In remarks to Silicon Valley executives at the Tech Museum of Innovation , Mukasey said the economy and national security of the United States are increasingly threatened by violations involving copyrighted software code , patented inventions and trademarked properties .
Not terrorists in caves , mind you , but people who hack software , steal “ patented inventions and trademarked properties , ” sort of like China , although Mukasey did n’t say that .
He did say the “ the huge profits generated from piracy and counterfeiting are increasingly flowing into the coffers of terrorist groups , ” not China but al - Qaeda , I guess .
As usual , the government speaks in vague generalities .
Terror groups are taking their cues from organized crime and increasingly funding their operations from counterfeiting and piracy , he said .
Mukasey said his department is devoting more resources to prosecuting intellectual property crimes , which led to a 7 percent increase in the number of IP cases filed in 2007 over the year before and a 33 percent increase over 2005 .
Organized crime … for instance the government ?
It is the largest , most well organized and deadliest organized crime syndicate on the planet , putting the old Cosa Nostra to shame and relegating it to fanciful Hollywood movies .
In the real world , government does most of the drug dealing , counterfeiting , and theft of copyright and patents , not guys in caves who hate our freedom .
“ Criminal syndicates , and in some cases even terrorist groups , view IP crime as a lucrative business and see it as a low - risk way to fund other activities , ” Mukasey said .
“ A primary goal of our IP enforcement mission is to show these criminals that they ’re wrong . ”
In other words , al - Qaeda , from its cottage industries in Pakistan and Afghanistan , are cranking out pirated movies and software .
I say we unleash the RIAA on them if they are bootlegging Britney Spears CDs and selling them to the faithful .
Send Mitch Bainwol ’s lawyers to Kandahar .
Before Friday ’s speech , he met privately with representatives from companies including Apple Inc. and Adobe Systems Inc .
I bet they were not talking about Osama bin Laden at that meeting .
I bet they did talk about prosecuting hackers and that guy who used a key generator to load Photoshop on his brother - in - law ’s computer .
It has nothing to do with a terrorist group funded and wet nursed by the CIA .
It has everything to do with making sure corporate profit and market domination are ensured .
It also has to do with making sure the next time you rip a CD of your favorite music artist , you equate that with helping out Osama , shadowy drug cartels , and various murderers and thieves .
WATCH ALEX JONES ’ ENDGAME ONLINE NOW in its entirety .
View more
High quality trailers at www.endgamethemovie.com
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Appendix : The Scientologist 's Story
Bibliography of Sources Consulted
About the Author
Changes from the Paperback Edition
Index / Paperback Page Index
An elderly Australian man apparently shot himself dead Tuesday , using an elaborate suicide robot of his own construction , according to media reports .
The 81 - year - old man who lived alone in Burleigh Heads left a note detailing his macabre machinations , as well as his grievances over his relatives demanding he be committed to a nursing home .
The man reportedly had spent hours researching on the internet for a suitable way to do himself in before he came upon the plans for a complex murder machine , which he built and armed with a .22 caliber handgun .
Local newspaper
The Gold Coast Bulletin would not reveal the exact nature of the machine , but said it was loaded with four bullets and was capable of firing multiple shots once activated by remote control .
After moving the robot to his driveway , he placed himself in front of the device and set the controls to up yours , Asimov .
In his notes , the man said he chose the driveway because he knew tradesmen working next door would see his body .
His grisly plan was executed perfectly .
The man was soon found dead by the workers — alerted by the sound of gunfire . ®
AYF82M4 Second Lieutenant Rep 62 Posts 201
Join Date : Mar 2008 Location : Los Angeles , CA
0 ) iTrader : (
Garage List
2008 BMW M3 Sedan [ 0.00 ]
Garage List Drives : MG F80 M3 ZCP
This morning , BMW of Lincoln has agreed to sell me the car at a price of 60 K , with certain conditions .
I 'll be going over the conditions with the dealership tommorow , and I hope to have everything finalized by tommorow afternoon .
But one thing that I would like to make everyone aware of is , BMW of Lincoln is proactively working to correct the situation that they screwed up .
And yes , they screwed up big time , no doubt about that .
They are trying to do right , so please do n't harass the dealership right now .
No phone calls , threats , emails or fake sales calls .
That said , I would just like to take a step back for a moment .
The past few days have been insane .
Just thinking about what has transpired , leaves you speechless really .
How did this thing go from a M3 post.com rant to what it became today ?
In 3 days , the site amassed
650 + comments and 200,000 page views , with people posting from all around the world , lending their support and help .
Thats people I dont even know !
Amazing stuff , and probably the coolest thing I have ever
been part of , leveraging the internet in a way that I have never seen before .
People I have never met , making calls on my behalf , contacting automotive sites , supplying information , just doing anything and everything possible to help out .
Lets do it again sometime , I hope to be there for someone when they are in need .
Thanks guys , there are good people in this world after all .
I 'll post again tommorow .
Regards
Ken
ArtPE
bolmedias14
mkoesel
mooseman
Laszlo
yacoub
JerseyBeemer
acidtrunks
rickc
Xcellere
rainsux
ideliver
DJ9
Technic
kingdaviswaco
na335i
tturedraider
moog55
erdoran
e46e92love
ganjadude
viobruin
enlightenment
botchka
NavNurs
dgb2
The Peregrinus
skierman64
UsedCarSalesmanwCombOver
zavigm
Disinterested Observer
Does n't Drive
M308CAH
stlmini
Brookzors
italy430
AML
Spazdoc
TimVFR
LilRedGXP
ybbiz34
Los Angeles
RX7owner
Revin9k
mduval1988
Huecifer
BlackJetE90
bradbmw
GalaxyGreySi
Last E92 M3
Epacy
drkbrent
normtrum
C4talyst
Ron21
imafrk
nightkhan
landon305
ShakeR
SteveMondragon
ChrisFastM3
steve40704
ncoday
Illan
joes3series
TheAcAvenger
smmille
lucid
homerjsimp
Avenger
Garissimo
Keto
D0WNxiSH1FT
08 fbpSI
MrFoof
Manticorez
JasenWFO
sonofthor
OC kid
MelsM3
max4speed
Samifumi
Fyre Man
djdorifto
mimic
shanks
Adam_B
czechchamp
tiguy99
BlackStar
tivs31
CSL - Fanatik
IrvRobinson
RacerRex
ddsm3
FifthStreetz
Bammered
abuzzl23
p
runutzzzzz
marcos
M3aHOLIC84
RAC
Brian W
prova275
EmmEff
Educated
Junior Barnes
paologaspar
cngzsn
hacman
Stealth_M
dlpruk
///MML
redmtclimber
takedown8
mdrobc13
RT8_M3
Jdebitjr
Nucking Futs !
smmmurf
leewoods18
SteveLevin
88M3SanDiego
orangebyke
dommo_g
anosa
ozarkgolfer
Chris_Lee
BimmerBoyz
nootrac22
Hankdoll
buschy
Jack28
achien
ianbiz
McLuVan
knext21
SnowsM3
SmittyNC
prrbill
bodies_from_vent
BMWridin89
Bettor
FCTrs4
lazyhobo
stormrider
31337
Simpoleca
JThw8
kronzprinz
yamazaho
JEllis
dab33d
teritanz
omerfar23
THE_PRO
jgorman13
jm1234
cristios01
Angelus897
bear_2008
CaribooLou
saaboteur
Anonymous Dissent
mrmcderm
gobuffs
iluvmycsx
qortra
GrFa
lvwirelessguy
OC 335i
Salespunk
fizzle
SMSgt B
yahtzee
BogoKi
hakaida442
CallMeDPit
briambran
freakguy54321
Mfive
awesomeness
SBasinger
wtfcorp
bamafun
HeDeservesTheCar
Neu
wontonjon
E394KEN
KL2DC
John
monsta
JoeClothing
Dave_H
eurospek
gundamfans
timsev
thevaliantknight
tdicola
evilsykoskitzo
89dub
jeaguilar
Gurevich8889
Night Hawk
PhaseShift
Indecent
BMWBLOG.COM
gerilc
Stein
ky_soldier
MadDog
hak87
Eichhörnchen
Lil. Lucas
eyemdbmw
pharenx
Bookem
dunjee
jasonintoronto
motionmonk
robb
Minimad
CoolAir
CrownSeven
tRas
kgodfrey
Mateo
Happy13178
Stilig
Greeney
ucla1995
thetastelingers
Glacked
JS11
MrHarris
Gig103
achenator
MC Mo Murda
FourOFour
420
Bambler
e36_m3
moosepoop
Sorry its taken so long to post a update .
The site is very slow ( understandably ) .
I 'll be going over the conditions with the dealership tommorow , and I hope to have everything finalized by tommorow afternoon .
But one thing that I would like to make everyone aware of is , BMW of Lincoln is proactively working to correct the situation that they screwed up .
And yes , they screwed up big time , no doubt about that .
They are trying to do right , so please do n't harass the dealership right now .
No phone calls , threats , emails or fake sales calls .
That said , I would just like to take a step back for a moment .
The past few days have been insane .
Just thinking about what has transpired , leaves you speechless really .
How did this thing go from a M3 post.com rant to what it became today ?
In 3 days , the site amassed650 + comments and 200,000 page views , with people posting from all around the world , lending their support and help .
Thats people I dont even know !
Amazing stuff , and probably the coolest thing I have everbeen part of , leveraging the internet in a way that I have never seen before .
People I have never met , making calls on my behalf , contacting automotive sites , supplying information , just doing anything and everything possible to help out .
Lets do it again sometime , I hope to be there for someone when they are in need .
Thanks guys , there are good people in this world after all .
I 'll post again tommorow .
RegardsKenArtPEbolmedias14mkoeselmoosemanLaszloyacoubJerseyBeemeracidtrunksrickcXcellererainsuxideliverDJ9Technickingdaviswacona335itturedraidermoog55erdorane46e92loveganjadudeviobruinenlightenmentbotchkaNavNursdgb2The Peregrinusskierman64UsedCarSalesmanwCombOverzavigmDisinterested ObserverDoesn't DriveM308CAHstlminiBrookzorsitaly430AMLSpazdocTimVFRLilRedGXPybbiz34Los
AngelesRX7ownerRevin9kmduval1988HueciferBlackJetE90bradbmwGalaxyGreySiLast E92 M3EpacydrkbrentnormtrumC4talystRon21imafrknightkhanlandon305ShakeRSteveMondragonChrisFastM3steve40704ncodayIllanjoes3seriesTheAcAvengersmmillelucidhomerjsimpAvengerGarissimoKetoD0WNxiSH1FT08fbpSIMrFoofManticorezJasenWFOsonofthorOC
kidMelsM3max4speedSamifumiFyre MandjdoriftomimicshanksAdam_Bczechchamptiguy99BlackStartivs31CSL-FanatikIrvRobinsonRacerRexddsm3FifthStreetzBammeredabuzzl23prunutzzzzzmarcosM3aHOLIC84RACBrian
Wprova275EmmEffEducatedJunior BarnespaologasparcngzsnhacmanStealth_Mdlpruk///MMLredmtclimbertakedown8mdrobc13RT8_M3JdebitjrNucking
Futs!smmmurfleewoods18SteveLevin88M3SanDiegoorangebykedommo_ganosaozarkgolferChris_LeeBimmerBoyznootrac22HankdollbuschyJack28achienianbizMcLuVanknext21SnowsM3SmittyNCprrbillbodies_from_ventBMWridin89BettorFCTrs4lazyhobostormrider31337SimpolecaJThw8kronzprinzyamazahoJEllisdab33dteritanzomerfar23THE_PROjgorman13jm1234cristios01Angelus897bear_2008CaribooLousaaboteurAnonymous
DissentmrmcdermgobuffsiluvmycsxqortraGrFalvwirelessguyOC
335iSalespunkfizzleSMSgt
ByahtzeeBogoKihakaida442CallMeDPitbriambranfreakguy54321MfiveawesomenessSBasingerwtfcorpbamafunHeDeservesTheCarNeuwontonjonE394KENKL2DCJohnmonstaJoeClothingDave_Heurospekgundamfanstimsevthevaliantknighttdicolaevilsykoskitzo89dubjeaguilarGurevich8889Night HawkPhaseShiftIndecentBMWBLOG.COMgerilcSteinky_soldierMadDoghak87EichhörnchenLil.
LucaseyemdbmwpharenxBookemdunjeejasonintorontomotionmonkrobbMinimadCoolAirCrownSeventRaskgodfreyMateoHappy13178StiligGreeneyucla1995thetastelingersGlackedJS11MrHarrisGig103achenatorMC
Mo MurdaFourOFour420Bamblere36_m3moosepoop
Laura Bush in Haiti : grandiose lies amid misery
Published Mar 22 , 2008 8:30 AM
Laura Bush swung by Haiti for a few hours on March 13 on her way to Mexico .
She stayed in her car or in a building for most of the few hours she spent there promoting the Bush administration ’s interventions on poverty and AIDS .
The Bush administration has been promoting Haiti as a success story , crediting U.S. contributions of some hundreds of millions of dollars for the success .
But the Bush regime does n’t mention that almost all these millions were used to pay for the military occupation and repression and for the coup the U.S. organized against the democratically elected president , Jean - Bertrand Aristide , on Feb. 29 , 2004 .
“ Haiti has been a very important aspect of what we consider to be President Bush ’s accomplishments in the region , ” Thomas Shannon , assistant secretary of state for western hemisphere affairs , told the Miami Herald .
Laura Bush followed up with the message , “ I want to encourage especially the people of Haiti and the Haitian Americans ... in Florida and all over the United States to stay involved in Haiti , to reach out as individuals ... to make sure this success continues . ”
She told the Miami Herald .
The region of Port - au - Prince , Haiti ’s capital , where she stayed was pretty much closed off to car and foot traffic by the security forces of MINUSTAH ( the U.N. Mission to Stabilize Haiti ) and the Haitian National Police while she was in town .
Laura Bush actually met with three young HIV - positive adults during her morning visit to GHESKIO , an AIDS clinic near the embassy .
She used the opportunity to call for more funding for President Bush ’s AIDS program .
Bush also met with a group of HIV - positive women who had received business loans through GHESKIO , Haiti ’s largest treatment center for sexually transmitted diseases .
GHESKIO stands for the Haitian Group for the Study of Kaposi ’s Sarcoma and Opportunistic Infections .
The loans range from $ 13.50 to $ 1,300 and are allegedly designed to promote economic independence .
It was typical Bush to focus on individual responses to a vast social problem , giving the minimum in financial aid in the face of a vast bucket of misery , much as the administration did in New Orleans .
Haitian writer Mona Peralte points out that Laura Bush could save “ many more thousands of lives by inviting George W. to stop bombing thousands of innocent civilian victims in Iraq and Afghanistan and to cease those neoliberal economic diktats on poor countries that cause mass hunger in poor countries . ”
1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die
››
Published in 2005 by Cassell Illustrated .
Selected & written by 90 leading international critics , general editor Robert Dimery .
In chronological order 1955 - 2005 .
Year of release only given here , when considered absolutely necessary .
Where there were differences in UK & US ( or other ) releases for artists , such as the Beatles & the Rolling Stones , the original country of release edition can be taken to be the one listed , unless indicated otherwise .
( ie : for the Rolling Stones ’ Aftermath & The Beatles ’ A Hard Day ’s Night , the UK editions are the ones listed ) .
No compilations were allowed , though , the odd one ( The Hives ’ Your New Favourite Band , for example ) did creep in !
1950 so Sinatra , Frank – In the Wee Small Hourso Presley , Elvis – Elvis Presley ( 1956 ) o Louvin Brothers – Tragic Songs of Lifeo Prima , Louis – Wildesto Domino , Fats – This is Fatso Ellington , Duke – At Newport ( 1956 ) o Sinatra , Frank – Songs for Swingin ’ Lovers !o Crickets – Chirping…o Basie , Count – Atomic Mr Basieo Monk ,
Thelonious – Brilliant Cornerso Sabú [ Martínez ] – Palo Congoo Davis , Miles – Birth of the Coolo Machito – Kenyao Little Richard – Here ’s…o Puente , Tito & His Orchestra – Dance Mania ( 1958 ) o Holiday , Billie – Lady in Satino Elliott , Jack – Jack Takes the Flooro Vaughan , Sarah – At Mister Kelly ’so Fitzgerald , Ella – Sings the Gershwin Song Booko Charles , Ray – Genius of … ( 1959 ) o Davis , Miles – Kind of Blueo Robbins , Marty – Gunfighter Ballads & Trail Songso Brubeck , Dave – Time Out1960so Baez , Joan – Joan Baez ( 1960 ) o
Presley , Elvis – Elvis is Back !o Makeba , Miriam – Miriam Makeba ( 1960 ) o Everly Brothers – A Date with the…o Smith , Jimmy – Back at the Chicken Shacko Muddy Waters – At Newporto Evans , Bill – Sunday at the Village Vanguardo Charles , Ray - Modern Sounds in Country & Western Musico Booker T & the MGs – Green Onionso Getz , Stan & Charlie Byrd – Jazz Sambao Price , Ray – Night Lifeo Beatles – With the…o Dylan , Bob – Freewheelin ’ …o Spector , Phil & Various Artists – A Christmas Gift for Youo Cooke , Sam – Live at the Harlem Squareo Mingus , Charles – Black Saint & the Sinner Ladyo Brown , James – Live at the Apollo ( 1963 ) o Getz , Stan & João Gilberto – Getz / Gilbertoo Beatles – A Hard Day ’s Nighto Brel , Jacques – Olympia 64o Burke , Solomon – Rock ‘ n ’ Soulo Springfield , Dusty - A Girl Called Dustyo Rolling Stones – Rolling Stones ( 1st Album ) o Owens , Buck – I ’ve Got a Tiger by the Tailo Lewis , Jerry Lee – Live at the Star Club , Hamburgo Sonics – Here Are the…o Dylan , Bob – Bringing it All Back Homeo Redding , Otis – Otis Blue… Sings Soulo Beach Boys – Today !o Coltrane , John – A Love Supremeo King , B.B. – Live at the Regalo Beatles – Rubber Soulo Jansch , Bert – Bert Jansch ( 1st Album ) o Byrds , Mr Tambourine Mano Dylan , Bob – Highway 61 Revisitedo Who – My Generationo Beatles – Revolvero Beach Boys – Pet Soundso Neil , Fred – Fred Neil ( 1st Album ) o Byrds – Fifth Dimensiono Dylan , Bob – Blonde on Blondeo Monks – Black Monk Timeo Kinks – Face to Faceo Mamas & the Papas – If You Can Believe Your Eyes & Earso Revere , Paul & the Raiders – Midnight Rideo Mothers of Invention – Freak Out ! o Rolling Stones – Aftermatho Simon & Garfunkel – Parsley , Sage , Rosemary & Thymeo 13th Floor Elevators – Psychedelic Sounds of the…o John Mayall ’s Blues Breakers – With Eric Claptono Yardbirds – Yardbirds [ aka Roger the Engineer ] ( 1st Album ) o Simone , Nina – Wild is the Windo Gilberto , Astrud – Beach Sambao Nico – Chelsea Girlo Beatles – Sgt Pepper ’s Lonely Hearts Club Bando Country Joe & the Fish – Electric Music for the Mind & Bodyo Buffalo Springfield – Againo Captain Beefheart & His Magic Band – Safe as Milko Moby Grape – Moby Grape ( 1st Album ) o Love – Da Capoo Beau Brummels – Triangleo Monkees – Headquarterso Buckley , Tim – Goodbye & Helloo Love – Forever Changeso Cream – Disraeli Gearso Pink Floyd – Piper at the Gates of Dawno Who – Sell Outo Velvet Underground - & Nicoo Sinatra , Frank - Frank Albert Sinatra & Antonio Carlos Jobimo Doors – Doors ( 1st Album ) o The Byrds - Younger Than Yesterdayoo Young Rascals – Groovin’o Jefferson Airplane – Surrealistic Pillowo Kinks – Something Else by the…o Donovan – Sunshine Supermano Haggard , Merle – I ’m a Lonesome Fugitiveo Hendrix , Jimi – Are You Experiencedo Electric Prunes – I Had too Much to Dream ( Last Night ) o Lynn , Loretta – Do n’t Come Home a Drinkin ’ ( With Lovin ’ on Your Mind ) o Sharma , Shivkumar / Brij Bushan Kabra / Hariprasad Chaurasia – Call of the Valleyo Velvet Underground – White Light / White Heato Hendrix , Jimi – Axis : Bold as Loveo Franklin , Aretha – I Never Loved a Man the Way I Love Youo Rolling Stones – Beggars Banqueto Traffic – Traffic ( 2nd Album ) o Incredible String Band – Hangman ’s Beautiful Daughtero Kinks – Village Green Preservation Societyo Shankar , Ravi – Sounds of India ( 1968 ) o Mutantes , os – Mutantes , os ( 1st Album ) o Hendrix , Jimi – Electric Ladylando Cohen , Leonard – Songs of…o Cash , Johnny – At Folsom Prisono Nyro , Laura – Eli & the Thirteenth Confessiono Franklin , Aretha – Lady Soulo Blue Cheer – Vincebus Eruptumo Byrds – Notorious Byrd Brotherso Big Brother & the Holding Company – Cheap Thrillso United States of America – United States of Americao Dr John – Gris Griso Iron Butterfly – In a Gadda da Vidao Pretty Things – S.F. Sorrowo Simon & Garfunkel – Bookendso Small Faces – Ogdens ’ Nut Gone Flakeo Band – Music from Big Pinko Beck , Jeff – Trutho Veloso , Caetano – Caetano Veloso ( 1968 ) o
Walker , Scott – Scott 2o Zombies – Odessey & Oracleo Morrison , Van – Astral Weekso Byrds – Sweetheart of the Rodeoo Beatles – Beatles [ aka White Album ] o Mothers of Invention – We ’re Only in it for the Moneyo Young , Neil – Everybody Knows This is Nowhereo Captain Beefheart & His Magic Band – Trout Mask Replicao Creedence Clearwater Revival – Bayou Countryo Crosby , Stills & Nash – Crosby , Stills & Nasho Blood , Sweat & Tears - Blood , Sweat & Tears ( 2nd Album ) o Flying Burrito Brothers – Gilded Palace of Sino Cash , Johnny – At San Quentino Creedence Clearwater Revival – Green Rivero Beatles – Abbey Roado Who – Tommyo Davis , Miles – In a Silent Wayo Bee Gees – Odessao Pentangle – Basket of Lighto Rolling Stones – Let it Bleedo Drake , Nick – Five Leaves Lefto Springfield , Dusty – Dusty in Memphiso Presley , Elvis – From Elvis in Memphiso Velvet Underground – Velvet Underground ( 3rd Album ) o Quicksilver Messenger Service – Happy Trailso Led Zeppelin – Led Zeppelin ( 1st Album ) o Band – Band ( 2nd Album ) o Led Zeppelin – IIo MC5 – Kick Out the Jamso Temptations – Cloud Nineo Sly & the Family Stone – Stand !o Buckley , Tim – Happy Sado Chicago Transit Authority [ Chicago ] - Chicago Transit Authority ( 1969 ) o Fairport Convention – Unhalfbrickingo Youngbloods – Elephant Mountaino Hayes , Isaac – Hot Buttered Soulo Grateful Dead – Live / Deado Kinks – Arthur : Or the Decline & Fall of the British Empireo King Crimson – In the Court of the Crimson Kingo Cohen , Leonard – Songs from a Roomo Fairport Convention – Liege & Liefo Walker , Scott – Scott 4o Stooges – Stooges ( 1st Album ) o Spence , Alexander ‘ Skip ’ – Oaro Zappa , Frank – Hot Rats1970 so Creedence Clearwater Revival – Cosmo ’s Factoryo Derek & the Dominos – Layla & Other Assorted Love Songso Davis , Miles – Bitches Brewo Spirit – Twelve Dreams of Dr Sardonicuso Black Sabbath – Black Sabbath ( 1st Album ) o Doors – Morrison Hotelo Carpenters – Close to Youo Still , Stephen – Stephen Stills ( 1st Album ) o Lennon , John – Plastic Ono Bando Crosby , Stills , Nash & Young – Déjà vuo Black Sabbath – Paranoido Young , Neil – After the Gold Rusho Led Zeppelin – IIIo Deep Purple – In Rocko Morrison , Van – Moondanceo Grateful Dead – American Beautyo Drake , Nick – Bryter Laytero Shankar , Ananda – Ananda Shankar ( 1970 ) o
Who – Live at Leeds ( 1st Album ) o Soft Machine – Thirdo Stewart , Rod – Gasoline Alleyo Harrison , George – All Things Must Passo Simon & Garfunkel – Bridge Over Troubled Watero Stevens , Cat – Tea for the Tillermano Traffic – John Barleycorn Must Dieo Stooges – Fun Houseo James Taylor - Sweet Baby Jameso McCartney , Paul – McCartney ( 1970 ) o Santana – Abraxaso Barrett , Syd – Madcap Laughso Jethro Tull – Aqualungo Crosby , David – If Only I Could Remember My Nameo Sly & the Family Stone – There ’s a Riot Goin ’ Ono Gaye , Marvin – What ’s Going Ono Yes – Yes Albumo Bee Gees – Trafalgaro Who – Who ’s Nexto King , Carole – Tapestryo Hayes , Isaac – Shaft : Music from the Soundtracko Allman Brothers – At Fillmore Easto Rolling Stones – Sticky Fingerso Lennon , John – Imagineo Beach Boys – Surf ’s Upo Yes – Fragileo Doors – LA Womano Can – Tago Magoo John , Elton – Madman Across the Watero Parton , Dolly – Coat of Many Colorso McLean , Don – American Pieo Emerson , Lake & Palmer – Tarkuso Led Zeppelin – IV [ aka Untitled / aka Four Symbols ] o Gainsbourg , Serge – Histoire de Melody Nelsono Stewart , Rod – Every Picture Tells a Storyo Emerson , Lake & Palmer – Pictures at an Exhibitiono Cohen , Leonard – Songs of Love & Hateo Mitchell , Joni – Blueo Funkadelic – Maggot Braino Joplin , Janis – Pearlo Kuti , Fela - With Ginger Baker : Live !o Faces – A Nod is as Good as a Wink… To a Blind Horseo Flamin ’ Groovies – Teenage Heado Clark , Gene – White Lighto Prine , John – John Prine ( 1st Album ) o Nilsson , Harry – Nilsson Schmilssono T.Rex – Electric Warrioro Bowie , David – Hunky Doryo Newman , Randy – Sail Awayo Deep Purple – Machine Heado Big Star – # 1 Recordo Black Sabbath – Vol 4o Steely Dan – Ca n’t Buy a Thrillo Young , Neil – Harvesto Mayfield , Curtis – Superfly : Original Motion Picture Soundtracko Slade – Slayed ?o Deep Purple – Made in Japano Yes – Close to the Edgeo Reed , Lou – Transformero Masekela , Hugh – Home is Where the Music Iso Nascimento , Milton & Lo Borges – Clube da Esquina ( 1972 ) o Rundgren , Todd – Something / Anythingo Nitty Gritty Dirt Band – Will the Circle Be Unbroken ? o Wonder , Stevie – Talking Booko Still , Stephen – Manassaso T.Rex – Slidero Ackles , David – American Gothico Eagles – Eagles ( 1st Album ) o Buckley , Tim – Greetings from LAo Drake , Nick – Pink Moono Simon , Paul – Paul Simon ( 1972 ) o Roxy Music – Roxy Music ( 1st Album ) o Alice Cooper – School ’s Outo Temptations – All Directionso Bowie , David – Rise & Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Marso War – World is a Ghettoo Green , Al – Let ’s Stay Togethero Rolling Stones – Exile on Main Sto Lynyrd Skynyrd – Pronounced Leh-nerd Skin-nerdo Incredible Bongo Band – Bongo Rocko Bowie , David – Aladdin Saneo King Crimson – Lark ’s Tongues in Aspico Marley , Bob & the Wailers – Catch a Fireo Hawkwind – Space Ritualo Cale , John – Paris 1919o Can – Future Dayso Reed , Lou – Berlino Genesis – Selling England by the Poundo Gaye , Marvin – Let ’s Get it Ono Martyn , John – Solid Airo Roxy Music – For Your Pleasureo Faust – IVo Hancock , Herbie – Head Hunterso Mott the Hoople – Motto Oldfield , Mike – Tubular Bellso Rundgren , Todd – A Wizard , a True Staro John , Elton – Goodbye Yellow Brick Roado Steely Dan – Countdown to Ecstasyo Jennings , Waylon – Honky Tonk Heroeso Pink Floyd – Dark Side of the Moono Wonder , Stevie – Innervisionso ZZ Top – Tres Hombreso McCartney , Paul & Wings – Band on the Runo Sensational Alex Harvey Band – Nexto Alice Cooper – Billion Dollar Babieso Iggy & the Stooges – Raw Powero Isley Brothers – 3 + 3o New York Dolls – New York Dolls ( 1st Album ) o Eno , Brian – Here Come the Warm Jetso Bad Company – Bad Company ( 1st Album ) o Genesis – Lamb Lies Down on Broadwayo Otis , Shuggie – Inspiration Informationo Wonder , Stevie – Fullfillingness ’ First Finaleo Clapton , Eric – 461 Ocean Boulevardo Kraftwerk – Autobahno Morrison , Van – It ’s Too Late to Stop Nowo Mitchell , Joni – Court & Sparko Queen – IIo Roxy Music – Country Lifeo Tangerine Dream – Phaedrao Sparks – Kimono My Houseo Supertramp – Crime of the Centuryo Thompson , Richard & Linda – I Want to See the Bright Lights Tonighto Scott - Heron , Gil & Brian Jackson – Winter in Americao Queen – Sheer Heart Attacko 10 cc – Sheet Musico Young , Neil – On the Beacho Jones , George – Grand Touro Clark , Gene – No Othero Steely Dan – Pretzel Logico Newman , Randy – Good Old Boyso Marley , Bob & the Wailers – Natty Dreado Wyatt , Robert – Rock Bottomo Parsons , Gram – Grievous Angelo Eno , Brian – Another Green Worldo Dictators – Go Girl Crazy ! o Neu ! – ‘ 75 o Led Zeppelin – Physical Graffitio Jarrett , Keith – Köln Concerto Aerosmith – Toys in the Attico Bowie , David – Young Americanso Burning Spear – Marcus Garveyo Springsteen , Bruce – Born to Runo Harris , Emmylou – Pieces of the Skyo Dion – Born to Be With Youo Mitchell , Joni – Hissing of Summer Lawnso Tom Waits - Nighthawks At The Dinero Burman , Rahul Dev – Shalimar ( Soundtrack ) o
Young , Neil – Tonight ’s the Nighto Dylan , Bob – Blood on the Trackso Smith , Patti – Horseso Pink Floyd – Wish You Were Hereo Queen – A Night at the Operao Nelson , Willie – Red Headed Strangero Earth , Wind & Fire – That ’s the Way of the Worldo Mayfield , Curtis – There ’s No Place Like America Todayo Petty , Tom & the Heartbreakers - Tom Petty & the Heartbreakers ( 1st Album ) o Modern Lovers – Modern Lovers [ Rec 1972 , not released until 1976 ] o Bowie , David – Station to Stationo Mitchell , Joni – Hejirao Boston – Boston ( 1st Album ) o Eagles – Hotel Californiao ABBA – Arrivalo Kiss – Destroyero Rush – 2112o Ben , Jorge – África Brasilo Armatrading , Joan – Joan Armatrading ( 1st Album ) o Aerosmith – Rockso Parliament – Mothership Connectiono Penguin Café Orchestra – Music from the Penguin Caféo Jarre , Jean Michel – Oxygeneo Ramones – Ramones ( 1st Album ) o Kuti , Fela – Zombieo Tosh , Peter – Legalize Ito Wonder , Stevie – Songs in the Key of Lifeo Frampton , Peter – Frampton Comes Aliveo Eno , Brian – Before & After Scienceo Kraftwerk – Trans - Europe Expresso Joel , Billy – Stranger , theo Marley , Bob & the Wailers – Exoduso Electric Light Orchestra – Out of the Blueo Weather Report – Heavy Weathero Muddy Waters – Hard Againo Stranglers – Rattus Norvegicuso Clash – Clash ( 1st Album ) o Bowie , David – Lowo Steely Dan – Ajao Wire – Pink Flago Martyn , John – One Worldo Talking Heads – 77o Fleetwood Mac – Rumourso Bowie , David – ‘ Heroes ’o Wilson , Dennis – Pacific Ocean Blueo Suicide – Suicide ( 1st Album ) o Iggy Pop – Idiot , theo Gabriel , Peter – Peter Gabriel ( I ) o Television – Marquee Moono Meat Loaf – Bat Out of Hello Costello , Elvis – My Aim is Trueo Iggy Pop – Lust for Lifeo Dury , Ian – New Boots & Panties !!o
Sex Pistols – Never Mind the Bollocks , Here ’s the…o Pere Ubu – Modern Danceo Kraftwerk – Man Machineo Blondie – Parallel Lineso Regina , Elís – Vento de Maioo Pere Ubu – Dub Housingo Only Ones – Only Ones ( 1st Album ) o Costello , Elvis – This Year ’s Modelo Jam – All Mod Conso Ely , Joe – Honky Tonk Masqueradeo Adverts – Crossing the Red Sea with the…o Big Star – Third ( aka Sister Lovers ) o Residents – Duck Stab / Buster & Gleno Public Image Ltd – Public Imageo Magazine – Real Lifeo Springsteen , Bruce – Darkness on the Edge of Towno Funkadelic – One Nation Under a Grooveo Throbbing Gristle – DOA : Third & Final Reporto Thin Lizzy – Live & Dangerouso Talking Heads – More Songs About Buildings & Foodo Buzzcocks – Another Music in a Different Kitcheno Van Halen – Van Halen ( 1st Album ) o Colón , Willie & Rubén Blades – Siembrao Cars – Cars ( 1st Album ) o Devo – Q : Are We Not Men ?
A : We Are Devoo Dire Straits – Dire Straits ( 1st Album ) o Saints – Eternally Yourso Gaye , Marvin – Here , My Dearo Nelson , Willie – Stardusto Chic – C’est Chico X-ray Spex – Germ Free Adolescentso Eno , Brian – Ambient 1 : Music for Airportso Siouxsie & the Banshees – Scream , theo AC / DC – Highway to Hello Sister Sledge – We Are Familyo Crusaders – Street Lifeo Germs – GIo B52s – B52s ( 1st Album ) o Czukay , Holger – Movieso Police – Reggatta de Blanco Fall – Live at the Witch Trialso Talking Heads – Fear of Musico Joy Division – Unknown Pleasureso Chic – Risquéo Undertones – Undertones ( 1st Album ) o Clash – London Callingo Japan – Quiet Lifeo Faithfull , Marianne – Broken Englisho Slits – Cuto Costello , Elvis – Armed Forceso Young , Neil – Rust Never Sleepso Gang of Four – Entertainment ! o Cheap Trick – At Budokano Fleetwood Mac – Tusko Pink Floyd – Wall , theo Public Image Ltd – Metal Boxo Jackson , Michael – Off the Wallo Damned – Machine Gun Etiquetteo Numan , Gary – Pleasure Principleo Specials – Specials ( 1st Album ) 1980 so Adam & the Ants – Kings of the Wild Frontiero Dexys Midnight Runners – Searching for the Young Soul Rebelso AC / DC – Back in Blacko Cramps – Songs the Lord Taught Uso Dead Kennedys – Fresh Fruit for Rotting Vegetableso Gabriel , Peter – Peter Gabriel ( III ) o Soft Boys – Underwater Moonlighto Cure – Seventeen Secondso Echo & the Bunnymen – Crocodileso Motörhead – Ace of Spadeso Killing Joke – Killing Joke ( 1st Album ) o Judas Priest – British Steelo Circle Jerks – Group Sexo Talking Heads – Remain in Lighto Joy Division – Closero Iron Maiden – Iron Maiden ( 1st Album ) o Undertones – Hypnotisedo Jam – Sound Affectso Waits , Tom – Heartattack & Vineo UB40 – Signing Offo Teardrop Explodes – Kilimanjaroo Specials – More Specialso Winwood , Steve – Arc of a Divero Pretenders – Pretenders ( 1st Album ) o Einstürzende Neubauten – Kollapso Siouxsie & the Banshees – Jujuo Heaven 17 – Penthouse & Pavemento Go -Gos – Beauty & the Beato Motörhead – No Sleep ‘ Til Hammersmitho Soft Cell – Non Stop Erotic Cabareto Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark – Architecture & Moralityo Eno , Brian & David Byrne – My Life in the Bush of Ghostso Black Flag – Damagedo X – Wild Gifto Psychedelic Furs – Talk , Talk , Talko Human League – Dareo Gun Club – Fire of Loveo Bauhaus – Masko Womack , Bobby – Poeto Tom Tom Club – Tom Tom Club ( 1st Album ) o Rush – Moving Pictureso ABBA – Visitorso ABC – Lexicon of Loveo Prince – 1999o Grandmaster Flash & the Furious Five – Message , theo Costello , Elvis – Imperial Bedroomo Cure – Pornographyo Dexys Midnight Runners – Too Rye Ayo Simple Minds – New Gold Dream ( 81 , 82 , 83 , 84 ) o Madness – Rise & Fallo Fagen , Donald – Nightflyo Haircut One Hundred – Pelican Westo Bush , Kate – Dreaming , theo Orange Juice – Rip it Upo Jackson , Michael – Thrillero Birthday Party – Junkyardo Venom – Black Metalo Springsteen , Bruce – Nebraskao Associates – Sulko Iron Maiden – Number of the Beasto Duran Duran – Rioo Violent Femmes – Violent Femmes ( 1st Album ) o McLaren , Malcolm – Duck Rocko Def Leppard – Pyromaniao REM – Murmuro The The – Soul Miningo Waits , Tom – Swordfishtromboneso Blue Nile – A Walk Across the Rooftopso Hanoi Rocks – Back to Mystery Cityo Lauper , Cyndi – She ’s So Unusualo Simon , Paul – Hearts & Boneso Echo & the Bunnymen – Porcupineo ZZ Top – Eliminatoro Eurythmics – Sweet Dreams ( Are Made of This ) o U2 – Waro Police – Synchronicityo Meat Puppets – IIo Culture Club – Colour by Numberso Frankie Goes to Hollywood – Welcome to the Pleasuredomeo Run DMC – Run DMC ( 1984 ) o Sade – Diamond Lifeo Cocteau Twins – Treasureo Minor Threat – Out of Stepo Van Halen – 1984o Prince – Purple Raino Replacements – Let it Beo Style Council – Café Bleuo Turner , Tina – Private Dancero Echo & the Bunnymen – Ocean Raino Minutemen – Double Nickels on the Dimeo Cole , Lloyd & the Commotions – Rattlesnakeso N’Dour , Youssou – Immigréso Springsteen , Bruce – Born in the USAo Fall – This Nation ’s Saving Graceo Ibrahim , Abdullah – Water from an Ancient Wello Aha – Hunting High & Lowo Tears for Fears – Songs from the Big Chairo Dire Straits – Brothers in Armso Prefab Sprout – Steve McQueen ( aka Two Wheels Good ) o Mekons – Fear & Whiskeyo Big Black – Atomizero Vega , Suzanne – Suzanne Vega ( 1st Album ) o Pogues – Rum , Sodomy & the Lasho Bush , Kate – Hounds of Loveo Smiths – Meat is Murdero Waits , Tom – Rain Dogso Jesus & Mary Chain – Psychocandyo New Order – Low Lifeo Simply Red – Picture Booko Dexys Midnight Runners – Do n’t Stand Me Downo Scritti Politti – Cupid & Psyche 85o Costello , Elvis – Blood & Chocolateo Afrika Bambaataa & the Soul Sonic Force – Planet Rock : The Albumo Beastie Boys – Licensed to Illo Metallica – Master of Puppetso The The – Infectedo Griffith , Nanci – Last of the True Believerso Bragg , Billy – Talking with the Taxman About Poetryo Talk Talk – Colour of Springo Megadeth – Peace Sells … But Who ’s Buying ? o Bon Jovi – Slippery When Weto Sonic Youth – Evolo Slayer – Reign in Bloodo Throwing Muses – Throwing Muses ( 1986 ) o Simon , Paul – Gracelando Run DMC – Raising Hello XTC – Skylarkingo Earle , Steve – Guitar Towno Bad Brains – I Against Io Baker , Anita – Raptureo Smiths – Queen is Deado Gabriel , Peter – Soo Anthrax – Among the Livingo Dinosaur Jr – You ’re Living All Over Meo Parton , Dolly with Linda Ronstadt & Emmylou Harris – Trioo Def Leppard – Hysteriao REM – Documento Prince – Sign ‘ O’ the Timeso Cult – Electrico Depeche Mode – Music for the Masseso Sisters of Mercy – Floodlando Michael , George – Faitho Hüsker Dü – Warehouse : Songs & Storieso Butthole Surfers – Locust Abortion Techniciano Piazzolla , Astor & Gary Burton – New Tangoo Smiths – Strangeways Here We Comeo Guns N’ Roses – Appetite for Destructiono Jesus & Mary Chain – Darklandso Ladysmith Black Mambazo – Shaka Zuluo Laibach – Opus Deio Napalm Death – Scumo Sonic Youth – Sistero Triffids – Calentureo Jackson , Michael – Bado Pet Shop Boys – Actuallyo U2 – Joshua Treeo D’Arby , Terence Trent – Introducing the Hardline According to…o Pogues – If I Should Fall from Grace with Godo Cohen , Leonard – I ’m Your Mano Waterboys – Fisherman ’s Blueso Fishbone – Truth & Soulo Everything But the Girl – Idlewildo Living Colour - Vivido Mudhoney – Superfuzz Bigmuffo REM – Greeno Happy Mondays – Bummedo Go Betweens – 16 Lovers Laneo Cowboy Junkies – Trinity Sessiono Chapman , Tracy – Tracy Chapman ( 1st Album ) o My Bloody Valentine – Is n’t Anythingo Pixies – Surfer Rosao Metallica – And Justice for Allo Dinosaur Jr – Bugo Krause , Dagmar – Tank Battleso lang , k.d. – Shadowlando American Music Club – Californiao Morrissey – Viva Hateo Sonic Youth – Daydream Nationo Sugarcubes – Life ’s Too Goodo Yoakam , Dwight – Beuenas Noches from a Lonely Roomno Jane ’s Addiction – Nothing ’s Shockingo Public Enemy – It Takes a Nation of Millions to Hold Us Backo Faith No More – Real Thingo Kravtiz , Lenny – Let Love Ruleo Hooker , John Lee – Healer , theo New Order – Techniqueo Madonna – Like a Prayero Queen Latifah – All Hail the Queeno Spacemen 3 – Playing with Fireo fIREHOSE – fROMOHIOo Beastie Boys – Paul ’s Boutiqueo Young Gods – Eau Rouge , l’o Zorn , John – Spy vs Spy : Music of Ornette Colemano Stone Roses – Stone Roses ( 1st Album ) o Cherry , Neneh – Raw Like Sushio Maal , Baaba & Mansour Seck – Djam Leeliio Bush , Kate – Sensual Worldo Cure – Disintegrationo 808 State – 808:90o Coldcut – What ’s That Noise ? o Adamson , Barry – Moss Side Storyo Aerosmith – Pumpo Pixies – Doolittleo Raitt , Bonnie – Nick of Timeo Fugazi – Repeatero Soul II Soul – Club Classics : Vol Oneo De La Soul – 3 Feet High & Risingo Jackson , Janet – Rhythm Nation 1814o Jungle Brothers – Done by the Forces of Natureo NWA – Straight Outta Compton1990so Cocteau Twins – Heaven or Las Vegaso Shamen – En-Tacto Deee Lite – World Cliqueo La ’s – La’so Black Crowes – Shake Your Money Makero Depeche Mode – Violatoro Pixies – Bossanovao Megadeth – Rust in Peaceo Digital Underground – Sex Packetso Pet Shop Boys – Behaviouro Happy Mondays – Pills ‘ n ’ Thrills and Bellyacheso Michael , George – Listen Without Prejudice : Vol 1o Young , Neil – Ragged Gloryo Ice Cube – AmeriKKKa ’s Most Wantedo Jane ’s Addiction – Ritual de lo Habitualo LL Cool J – Mama Said Knock You Outo Public Enemy – Fear of a Black Planeto O’Connor , Sinéad – I Do Not Want What I Have n’t Goto Tribe Called Quest , a – People ’s Instinctive Travels & the Paths of Rhythmo Sonic Youth – Gooo Ride – Nowhereo My Bloody Valentine – Lovelesso Nirvana – Nevermindo Crowded House – Woodfaceo Cypress Hill – Cypress Hill ( 1st Album ) o Cope , Julian – Peggy Suicideo Gang Starr – Step in the Arenao MC Solaar - Qui Sème le Vent Récolte le Tempoo Jah Wobble – Rising Above Bedlamo Red Hot Chili Peppers – Blood Sugar Sex Magiko Ice T – OG : Original Gangstero Mudhoney – Every Good Boy Deserves Fudgeo Public Enemy – Apocalypse 91 … Enemy Strikes Backo Tribe Called Quest , a – Low End Theoryo Pearl Jam – Teno Saint Etienne – Foxbase Alphao Sepultura – Ariseo Slint – Spiderlando U2 – Achtung Babyo KLF – White Roomo Massive Attack – Blue Lineso Primal Scream – Screamadelicao Teenage Fanclub – Bandwagonesqueo Metallica – Metallica [ aka Black Album ] o Pavement – Slanted & Enchantedo Aphex Twin – Selected Ambient Works 85 - 92o Arrested Development – 3 Years , 5 Months & 2 Days in the Life of …o Olomidé , Koffi – Haut de Gamme : Koweït , Rive Gaucheo Morrissey – Your Arsenalo Maal , Baaba – Lam Toroo Lemonheads – It ’s a Shame About Rayo Rage Against the Machine - Rage Against the Machine ( 1st Album ) o Disposable Heroes of Hiphoprisy – Hypocrisy is the Greatest Luxuryo lang , k.d. – Ingénueo Dr Dre – Chronic , theo REM – Automatic for the Peopleo Pharcyde – Bizarre Ride II the…o Spiritualized – Lazer Guided Melodieso Sugar – Copper Blueo Waits , Tom – Bone Machineo Sonic Youth – Dirtyo Stereo MCs – Connectedo Ministry – Psalm 69 ( Way to Succeed and the Way to Suck Eggs ) o Amos , Tori – Little Earthquakeso Ice Cube – Predatoro Pantera – Vulgar Display of Powero Alice in Chains – Dirto Cave , Nick & the Bad Seeds – Henry ’s Dream , by…o Khan , Nusrat Fateh Ali – Devotional Songso Harvey , P.J. – Dryo Suede – Suede ( 1st Album ) o Weller , Paul – Wild Woodo Smashing Pumpkins – Siamese Dreamo Auteurs – New Waveo Phair , Liz – Exile in Guyvilleo Afghan Whigs – Gentlemeno Mann , Aimee – Whatevero Grant Lee Buffalo – Fuzzyo Nirvana – In Uteroo Jamiroquai – Emergency on Planet Eartho Pet Shop Boys – Veryo Harvey , P.J. – Rid of Meo Blur – Modern Life is Rubbisho Crow , Sheryl – Tuesday Night Music Clubo Fall – Infotainment Scano Wu Tang Clan – Enter the Wu Tang ( 36 Chambers ) o Björk – Debuto Orbital – Orbital [ aka Brown Album ] o Snoop Doggy Dogg – Doggystyleo Sebadoh – Bubble & Scrapeo Boo Radleys – Giant Stepso Orbit , William – Strange Cargo : IIIo Method Man – Ticalo Black , Frank – Teenager of the Yearo Girls Against Boys – Venus Luxure No 1 Babyo Jeru the Damaja – Sun Rises in the Easto Pavement – Crooked Rain , Crooked Raino Portishead – Dummyo Sabres of Paradise – Haunted Dancehallo Nas – Illmatico Beastie Boys – Ill Communicationo Costello , Elvis – Brutal Youtho Morrissey – Vauxhall & Io TLC – CrazySexyCoolo Oasis – Definitely Maybeo Soundgarden – Superunknowno Offspring – Smasho Drive Like Jehu – Yank Crimeo Blur – Parklifeo G Love & Special Sauce - G Love & Special Sauce ( 1994 ) o Touré , Ali Farka – Talking Timbuktuo Hole – Live Through Thiso Massive Attack – Protectiono Manic Street Preachers – Holy Bibleo Suede – Dog Man Staro Notorious BIG – Ready to Dieo Buckley , Jeff – Graceo Orbital – Snivilisationo Nirvana – MTV Unplugged in New Yorko Nine Inch Nails – Downward Spiralo Prodigy – Music for the Jilted Generationo Green Day – Dookieo Foo Fighters – Foo Fighters ( 1st Album ) o Garbage – Garbage ( 1st Album ) o Nightmares on Wax – Smokers Delighto Tricky – Maxinquayeo Raekwon – Only Built 4 Cuban Linxo Smashing Pumpkins – Mellon Collie & the Infinite Sadnesso Rocket from the Crypt – Scream , Dracula , Screamo Chemical Brothers – Exit Planet Dusto 2 Pac – Me Against the Worldo Elastica – Elastica ( 1st Album ) o Supergrass – I Should Cocoo Radiohead – Bends , theo Guided by Voices – Alien Laneso Kuti , Femi – Femi Kuti ( 1995 ) o Verve – A Northern Soulo Genius GZA – Liquid Swordso Pulp – Different Classo Leftfield – Leftismo D’Angelo – Brown Sugaro Oasis – ( What ’s the Story ) Morning Glory ? o Goldie – Timelesso Morissette , Alanis – Jagged Little Pillo Screaming Trees – Dusto Super Furry Animals – Fuzzy Logico Fatboy Slim – Better Living Through Chemistryo Dr Octagon – Dr Octagonecologysto Stereolab – Emperor Tomato Ketchupo Tortoise – Millions Now Living Will Never Dieo Beck – Odelayo Belle & Sebastian – Tigermilko DJ Shadow – Endtroducingo Eels – Beautiful Freako Divine Comedy – Casanovao Apple , Fiona – Tidalo Wilco – Being Thereo Sepultura – Rootso Adamson , Barry – Oedipus Schmoedipuso Fun Lovin’ Criminals – Come Find Yourselfo Maxwell – Urban Hang Suiteo Charlatans – Tellin’ Storieso Manic Street Preachers – Everything Must Goo Everything
But the Girl – Walking Woundedo Cave , Nick & the Bad Seeds – Murder Balladso Bukem , LTJ – Logical Progressiono Underworld – Second Toughest in the Infantso Jon Spencer Blues Explosion – Now I Got Worryo Cardigans – First Band on the Moono Marilyn Manson – Antichrist Superstaro Fugees – Score , theo Ash – 1977o Belle & Sebastian – If You ’re Feeling Sinistero Blur – Blur ( 1997 ) o Radiohead – OK Computero Quaye , Finley – Maverick a Strikeo Elliott , Missy Misdemeanor – Supa Dupa Flyo Chemical Brothers – Dig Your Own Holeo Primal Scream – Vanishing Pointo Wyatt , Robert – Shleepo Holmes , David – Let ’s Get Killedo Sleater Kinney – Dig Me Outo Prodigy – Fat of the Lando Buena Vista Social Club - Buena Vista Social Club ( 1997 ) o Cave , Nick & the Bad Seeds – Boatman ’s Callo Divine Comedy – A Short Album About Loveo Cornershop – When I was Born for the 7th Timeo Daft Punk – Homeworko Williams , Robbie – Life Thru a Lenso Carey , Mariah – Butterflyo Supergrass – In it for the Moneyo Dylan , Bob – Time Out of Mindo Size , Roni & Reprazent – New Formso Smith , Elliott – Either / Oro Verve – Urban Hymnso Spiritualized – Ladies & Gentlemen , We are Floating in Spaceo Dandy Warhols – Dandy Warhols ( 1997 ) o Dylan , Bob – Bootleg Series Vol 4 : Live 1966 [ rec : 1966 at Free Trade Hall , Manchester ] o Chao , Manu – Clandestinoo Bragg , Billy & Wilco – Mermaid Avenueo Turbonegro – Apocalypse Dudeso Fatboy Slim – You ’ve Come a Long Way , Babyo Gray , David – White Laddero Williams , Lucinda – Car Wheels on a Gravel Roado Pulp – This is Hardcoreo Madonna – Ray of Lighto Hill , Lauryn – Miseducation of …o Hole – Celebrity Skino Mercury Rev – Deserter ’s Songso System of a Down - System of a Down ( 1st Album ) o Queen of the Stone Age - Queen of the Stone Age ( 1st Album ) o Air – Moon Safario Singh , Talvin – OKo Korn – Follow the Leadero Khalèd , ( Cheb ) – Kenzao Kid Rock – Devil Without a Causeo Boards of Canada – Music Has the Right to Childreno Suba - São Paulo Confessionso XTC – Apple Venus : Volume 1o Skunk Anansie – Post Orgasmic Chillo Incubus – Make Yourselfo Magnetic Fields – 69 Love Songso Travis – Man Whoo Slipknot – Slipknot ( 1st Album ) o Orton , Beth – Central Reservationo Sawhney , Nitin – Beyond Skino Death in Vegas – Contino Sessionso Moby – Playo Flaming Lips – Soft Bulletino Rhymes Digitales , les – Darkdancero Tigre , le – Tigre , le ( 1999 ) o Eminem – Slim Shady LPo Spears , Britney – Baby One More Timeo Metallica – S&Mo Bonnie Prince Billy – I See a Darknesso Shack – HMS Fableo Basement Jaxx – Remedyo Red Hot Chili Peppers – Californicationo Sigur Rós – Ágætis Byrjun2000so Doves – Lost Soulso Air – Virgin Suicides : Original Motion Picture Scoreo Adams , Ryan – Heartbreakero Gilberto , Bebel – Tanto Tempoo Cole , MJ – Sincereo Harris , Emmylou – Red Dirt Girlo Limp Bizkit – Chocolate Starfish & the Hot Dog Flavored Watero Radiohead – Kid Ao U2 – All That You Ca n’t Leave Behindo Linkin Park – Hybrid Theoryo Smith , Elliott – Figure 8o Badly Drawn Boy – Hour of Bewilderbeasto Harvey , P.J. – Stories from the City , Stories from the Seao Badu , Erykah – Mama ’s Guno Coldplay – Parachuteso Common – Like Water for Chocolateo Ladd , Mike – Welcome to the Afterfutureo Red Snapper – Our Aim is to Satisfyo Eminem – Marshall Mathers LPo Goldfrapp – Felt Mountaino Giant Sand – Chore of Enchantmento Lambchop – Nixono Lemper , Ute – Punishing Kisso Madonna – Musico Avalanches – Since I Left Youo OutKast – Stankoniao Radiohead – Amnesiaco Silver Jews – Bright Flighto Björk – Vespertineo Gorillaz – Gorillaz ( 1st Album ) o Adams , Ryan – Goldo Destiny ’s Child – Survivoro Strokes – Is This Ito Welch , Gillian – Time ( The Revelator ) o Gotan Project – Revancha del Tango , lao White Stripes – White Blood Cellso Beta Band – Hot Shots IIo Jay Z – Blueprinto Röyksopp – Melody AMo Drive - By Truckers – Southern Rock Operao Super Furry Animals – Rings Around the Worldo Jurassic 5 – Power in Numberso Wilco – Yankee Hotel Foxtroto Ms Dynamite – A Little Deepero Bees – Sunshine Hit Meo Jones , Norah – Come Away with Meo Coldplay – A Rush of Blood to the Heado Coral – Coral ( 2002 ) o Cash , Johnny – American IV : Man Comes Aroundo Flaming Lips – Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robotso Doves – Last Broadcasto Elliott , Missy – Under Constructiono Springsteen , Bruce – Rising , theo Aguilera , Christina – Strippedo Roots – Phrenologyo Beck – Sea Changeo Timberlake , Justin – Justifiedo Vines – Highly Evolvedo Hives – Your New Favourite Bando Radiohead – Hail to the Thiefo Winehouse , Amy – Franko Calexico – Feast of Wireo Darkness – Permission to Lando White Stripes – Elephanto Dizzee Rascal – Boy in da Cornero Kings of Leon – Youth & Young Manhoodo Thrills – So Much for the Cityo Yeah Yeah Yeahs – Fever to Tello OutKast – Speakerboxxx / Love Belowo 50 Cent – Get Rich or Die Tryin ’o Mars Volta – Deloused in the Comatoriumo Lightning Bolt – Wonderful Rainbowo Wainwright , Rufus – Want Oneo Scissor Sisters – Scissor Sisters ( 1st Album ) o Morrissey – You Are the Quarryo Björk – Medúllao Mylo – Destroy Rock & Rollo Wilson , Brian – SMiLEo Icarus Line – Penance Soiréeo Arcade Fire – Funeralo Banhart , Devendra – Rejoicing in the Handso Cave , Nick & the Bad Seeds – Abattoir Blues / Lyre of Orpheuso Franz Ferdinand – Franz Ferdinand ( 1st Album ) o N*E*R*D – Fly or Dieo Beta Band – Heroes to Zeroso Ozamatli – Street Signso Libertines – Libertines ( 1st Album ) o West , kanYe – College Dropouto Green , Cee-Lo – Is the Soul Machineo TV on the Radio – Desperate Youth , Blood Thirsty Babeso Liars – They Were Wrong , So We Drownedo Streets – A Grand Do n’t Come for Freeo Wainwright , Rufus – Want Twoo Zutons – Who Killed the Zutons ? o Killers – Hot Fusso Kings of Leon – Aha Shake Heartbreako MIA ( UK ) – Arularo Beck – Gueroo White Stripes – Get Behind Me Satan
Allstate Corp. , which covers about 1 of every 10 insured cars in California , has been ordered to cut its automobile rates by 15.9 % -- an average savings of $ 124 per car , state Insurance Commissioner Steve Poizner said Tuesday .
The new rate is effective April 14 , and Allstate is considering whether to appeal the rate cut order in court .
“ California ’s consumers deserve a competitive marketplace in which to shop around for the best rates that meet their needs , ” Poizner said in a statement .
“ This reduction reaffirms my commitment to ensuring that excessive rates are not charged .
At the same time , the rate reduction is fair and reasonable for the company . ”
Advertisement
Allstate ’s reduction is the latest in a series of rate cuts in California by dozens of automobile insurance companies since the summer of 2006 .
After losing a protracted court challenge , the industry began complying with regulators ’ insistence that it primarily base its premium - setting formulas on a person ’s driving record , number of years behind the wheel and total miles driven annually .
“ It was very clear that they were charging too much , ” said Douglas Heller , executive director of the Foundation for Taxpayer & Consumer Rights , the Santa Monica - based advocacy group that successfully championed Proposition 103 in 1988 .
The voter - approved initiative turned insurance into a highly regulated business , similar to power companies and other public utilities .
Heller , whose organization had legal standing to participate in the Allstate case , predicted that other auto insurers would propose lowering their automobile premiums in rate submissions scheduled to be delivered to the California Department of Insurance this summer .
The order , which came at the close of a lengthy proceeding before an administrative law judge , was more than twice what the Northbrook , Ill. , company wanted to grant its policyholders .
Advertisement
According to the order issued by Poizner on Friday , Allstate had requested permission to lower its rates by 7.1 % .
The department ’s rate - setting formula calculated that a 19.4 % reduction was merited .
After months of legal arguments , a state administrative law judge granted Allstate a credit to cover the expenses of providing additional services to low - income neighborhoods and brought the final rate reduction down to 15.9 % .
Allstate contends that it is being unfairly singled out by Poizner in being forced to cut rates by a larger percentage than other insurance companies .
“ Suppressing one company ’s rates below the rest of the market is unfair to that company and not conducive to a healthy economy in California , ” Allstate spokesman Peter DeMarco said .
Advertisement
The company is also embroiled in a dispute with Poizner over the cost of its homeowner policies .
--
marc.lifsher@latimes.com
Just in case you were living under the illusion that traffic laws are set by trained professionals ( traffic engineers ) and not politicians , here comes a story from TheNewspaper.com that is sure to change your mind :
Just one day after Kentucky ’s new Secretary of Transportation , Joe Prather , assumed control of traffic issues in the state , the process began to install signals that had previously been deemed unnecessary .
Specifically , $ 5450 worth of left - turn arrows happened to be set up at an intersection making it easier for Prather to turn into his subdivision .
The Lexington Herald - Leader obtained transportation cabinet documents dated January 8 , 2008 that showed that the intersection of Ring Road and Pear Orchard Road had one - half the traffic volume it would need to justify the engineering change .
In a not - so - shocking twist , Prather insists that he did not order the left - turn arrows to be installed .
Image Credit : dbking
What Rowan Williams wishes upon us is an abomination and I write here as a modern Muslim woman .
He lectures the nation on the benefits of sharia law – made by bearded men , for men – and wants the alternative legal system to be accommodated within our democracy in the spirit of inclusion and cohesion .
Pray tell me sir , how do separate and impenetrable courts and schools and extreme female segregation promote commonalities and deep bonds between citizens of these small isles ?
What he did on Thursday was to convince other Britons , white , black and brown , that Muslims want not equality but exceptionalism and their own domains .
Enlightened British Muslims quail .
Friends like this churchman do us more harm than our many enemies .
He passes round what he believes to be the benign libation of tolerance .
It is laced with arsenic .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
He would not want his own girls and women , I am sure , to " choose " to be governed by these laws he breezily endorses .
And he is naive to the point of folly if he imagines it is possible to pick and choose the bits that are relatively nice to the girls or ones that seem to dictate honourable financial transactions .
Look around the Islamic world where sharia rules and , in every single country , these ordinances reduce our human value to less than half that is accorded a male ; homosexuals are imprisoned or killed , children have no free voice or autonomy , authoritarianism rules and infantilises populations .
What 's more , different Muslim nations claim to have their own allegedly god - given sharia .
In Saudi Arabia , women cannot drive ( What in Allah 's name could the Koran have warned about cars ? ) .
In Bangladesh and Pakistan , they have no such bar to driving , although increasingly Saudi Wahabi Islam is taking over and we see Saudi sharia taking hold .
It is growing in influence here , too .
Ten years ago , the only fully shrouded Muslim women around were from the Arab fiefdoms , the many wives of sheikhs often drawn by cartoonists to convey the absurdity and inhumanity of such cloaks .
Now all of Europe has these girls and women rendering themselves invisible in public spaces .
It is their elected sharia , so they claim without credibility .
There is no agreed body of sharia , it is all drafted by males and the most cruel is now claiming absolute authority .
In Pakistan , on the statutes are strictures on adultery introduced by the military dictator Zia ul - Haq .
Women activists in that country have given their lives protesting against the injustice of those laws where women suspected of adultery , or rape victims , are punished in hideous ways and the man goes free .
The Iranian theocracy changes its regulations from year to year , capriciously playing with the lives of females .
The morality police hound women and girls , beat them up , imprison them for showing an ankle , walking too provocatively or singing in the streets .
They fight back but are ground down eventually .
Two Iranian friends chose to die rather than live under the demeaning religious orders .
Go to Afghanistan if you fancy a 12 - year - old bride – a practice approved by the mullahs .
That 's sharia for you .
Many women , gay men and dissidents came to Britain to escape Islamic tyrants and their laws .
Dr Williams supports those laws and , by default , makes the refugees victims again .
Four years ago , a Saudi woman in her fifties came to my home .
She was divorced from a Saudi prince who had sent her away and kept her children .
What she said about sharia cannot be repeated .
She had money , this princess , but no parental rights and she howled like a child in excruciating pain in my living room .
Yet , family disputes , says Dr Williams , would be easier , within sharia .
For whom exactly ?
The polygamous men who live in this country , yes , certainly .
Not for their wives who will be told that God intends them to lower their eyes and accept unjust verdicts .
Many will be sent back to bastard husbands or flinty - eyed mullahs will take their children away .
In Bradford and Halifax , they may be forbidden to drive or work where men are employed .
Adultery will be punished .
I do n't think we will have public stonings but violence of some sort will be meted out ( it already is ) with lawmakers ' backing .
Sensing the drift in their direction , British sharia " experts " today shamelessly direct female medical students not to wash their forearms , essential to prevent the spread of infections , because that exposes their flesh .
Does the Archbishop even know that sharia comes in many guises and that several schools of jurisprudence have their own versions ?
The list is long – Hanafi , Maliki , Shafi , Hanbali , Jafari , Salafi and on and on .
Ayatollah Khomeini preferred his DIY set of crimes and punishments when he came to power .
No women are allowed to be imams or serious jurists , so cannot help make their own fair and free set of female - friendly sharia .
All the systems insist on ultimate truths , hard certainties .
Sharia cannot provide solutions to the complex challenges of modern life and many violate fundamental human rights as established by the United Nations .
Taj Hargey , a historian and Islamic theologian , runs the Muslim Education Centre in Oxford .
He , with me , is a trustee of British Muslims For Secular Democracy which is attempting to educate Muslims out of authorised obscurantism and non-Muslims into a better understanding of the progressive and evolutionary nature of the practice of Islam .
He is incandescent that Dr Williams backs a perilous Islamic conservatism , already too powerful in Britain : " Sharia is nothing but a human concoction of medieval religious opinion , largely archaic and outmoded and irrelevant to life today .
Most sharia contradicts the letter and spirit of the Koran , distorts the transcendental text . "
During his sermons Dr Hargey explains to congregations that , for example there is no blasphemy in the Koran , that the Prophet himself allowed a man to mock the divine revelations .
Apostasy , says the holy text , will be dealt with by Allah in the afterlife .
Sharia policemen insist apostates should be tortured and killed .
Dr Williams says Muslims want the choice to opt for sharia .
What he believes to be choice is , in truth , inner compulsion , the result of brainwashing which begins in the madrassas when girls and boys are young enough to mould .
I have often admired the Archbishop 's lofty thoughts , his intellectualism , the passion for human rights , his guts when the Government needs to be chastised .
But this time his kind indulgences betray his own invaluable principles and deliver Muslim women , girls and dissidents into the hands of religious persecutors – an unforgivable intervention , which I hope he now sincerely regrets .
Yahoo would be attractive to News Corp , analysts suggest
US internet company AOL has become the latest firm to hold talks with Yahoo about a possible deal to fend off an approach from Microsoft , a report says .
Advisers from Time Warner - owned AOL have held talks with representatives of Yahoo to see if a deal is workable , the Sunday Telegraph reported .
Microsoft has offered to buy Yahoo for more than $ 40 bn ( £ 20.5 bn ) .
But AOL is thought to be keen on being the firm that helps Yahoo avoid falling into Microsoft 's clutches .
Last week Rupert Murdoch 's News Corporation was said to have taken an interest in merging its online interests - which include MySpace - with Yahoo .
' Walk away '
Yahoo has dismissed Microsoft 's $ 31 - a- share offer as undervaluing its brand , audience , investments in advertising platforms and future growth prospects , free cash flow and earnings potential .
And according to a separate report , an influential Microsoft investor has called on the software giant to walk away from the Yahoo offer .
Robert Olstein , a fund manager with about one million Microsoft shares has written to the firm saying that it should " in no circumstances " raise its offer .
He , like many other investors , believes that buying Yahoo would prove a distraction to Microsoft , the Observer said .
Microsoft shares have fallen by about 10 % since it made the Yahoo offer - wiping almost $ 35 bn from its share value .
Microsoft wants to merge with Yahoo to increase its online presence and enable it to better compete with industry leader Google .
Together we can make a better web .
For start , let 's build the manifest of ten cool and short rules and promote it .
Click on the " Agree " link for the rules you like best :
Exploiting search engine imperfection is not a business model .
( 582 ) Agree !
Web forms were made for humans .
Do n't let robots do the talk .
( 477 ) Agree !
Do n't steal other people 's identities or act as someone you 're not .
( 454 ) Agree !
Do n't let your ads tell more than your content .
( 411 ) Agree !
Do n't be an expert on a field you have no clue about .
( 399 ) Agree !
Do n't hurt the web .
Use open standards .
( 378 ) Agree !
Add value .
Make web a better place .
( 367 ) Agree !
Every piece of content belongs to someone .
Respect that .
( 367 ) Agree !
Use links for honest personal recommendation only .
Do n't trade them .
( 353 ) Agree !
10 .
Would you like to enter your name ?
cancel
Thanks !
Now get your stopwebpollution badge and put it on your blog to help spread the word !
I 'll offer another voice in support of the GnuWin32 toolset .
Cygwin is fine but but I like the GnuWin32 focus on full Win32 compatibility and function from CMD ( or COMMAND ) shell .
I 've also noticed that GnuWin32 has been updating its packages frequently in the past few months .
A smart way to implement GnuWin32 and keep it up to date is using GetGnuWin32 .
The alternative is downloading the individual applications from SourceForge .
GetGnuWin32 will automatically download the full complement of packages along with documentation , place them in proper subdirectories , create a subdirectory for you to copy to wherever you want to store the files and create a batch file to create Start Menu links as appropriate .
When you decide to update packages you can run the software and it will only download the updated packages before creating a new instance for you .
I typically move my GetGnuWin32 developed GnuWin32 folder to " c: \GnuWin32\bin\ " and add that to my path .
Once I have it in my preferred location I run the " update - links.bat " to create the appropriate Start Menu links .
Full install is ~360 MB but GetGnuWin32 can be tailored to a reduced set of GnuWin32 tools with a little configuration file editing ( see the docs for this ) .
I concur with Ooble .
PowerShell does offer ls function but not in a * nix compliant sense .
PowerShell itself is much more powerful shell for the Windows platform and than CMD , COMMAND , BASH , or any other shell which predates it .
If you have the will or wish to invest time in something that will give you the highest return of function for time invested in use then PowerShell is your logical choice .
PowerShell is what happens when you decide to replace all the shell - based text parsing so useful on * nix systems with a similar shell - based object parsing more appropriate to Windows systems .
( I may be a bit biased , I won a grand prize in Microsoft 's Power Shell programming contest a while back and am favorably disposed to it since receiving my filthy lucre .
It helps that the shell is so useful even if it takes a little mental retraining to think in terms of objects at the command line . )
AUSTIN , Texas -- Jamaal Charles was the fourth Longhorn to rush for more than 1,500 yards in a season .
He 'll be the first from a list that includes a pair of Heisman Trophy winners to leave early for the NFL .
Jamaal Charles is the fourth Texas back to rush for more than 1,500 yards in a season .
Kirby Lee / US
Presswire
The junior running back , who had 1,619 yards and 18 touchdowns this season , announced Wednesday he will enter the NFL draft .
Charles joined Cedric Benson and Heisman winners Ricky Williams and Earl Campbell as the only Longhorns to rush for more than 1,500 yards in a season .
His biggest game of the season was a career - high 290 yards in a 28 - 25 win over Nebraska in which he had 216 yards and three long TDs in the fourth quarter .
He also had 161 yards and two touchdowns in Texas ' Pacific Life Holiday Bowl win over Arizona State .
Texas finished 10 - 3 .
He indicated after the bowl game he would return but had filed paperwork with the NFL to test where he might get drafted .
The response , which he did not disclose , prompted his decision , he said in a statement released by the school .
" Playing in the NFL has always been my dream and when the NFL report came back , I was happy with the grade and felt like it was best for me to enter the draft , " said Charles , who led the Big 12 in rushing .
The first high - profile player to declare early for the draft , Charles could be joined by running backs Darren McFadden of Arkansas , a Heisman finalist , and Steve Slaton of West Virginia , among others .
Charles is the rare Texas player to leave coach Mack Brown early .
Quarterback Vince Young , who led Texas to the 2005 national championship , is the only other Longhorn to enter the draft early in Brown 's 10 seasons in Austin .
Brown figured he would lose a major contributor before ever coaching a game at Texas , but Williams shocked everyone by returning for his senior season -- Brown 's first with the Longhorns -- in 1998 .
Williams won the Heisman that year .
Charles ' 3,328 yards rushing rank fourth in school history , trailing Williams , Benson and Campbell .
" We appreciate everything Jamaal has done for Texas and want to wish him all of the best , " Brown said .
" He has been a great player for us and more importantly a tremendous person , student and representative of our program . "
A slashing runner with sprinter 's speed , Charles averaged 6.2 yards per carry this season .
After being dogged by early - season fumbling problems -- including a key drop near the goal line in a 28 - 21 loss to Oklahoma -- he flourished down the stretch , averaging 180 yards over the final five games .
He was a four - time All - American in track for the Longhorns and ran a career - best 10.23 - second 100 meters to win the Big 12 title as a freshman in 2006 .
Charles ' departure leaves quarterback Colt McCoy as the team 's leading returning rusher .
McCoy had 492 yards while the top returning tailback , Vondrell McGee , had 297 yards on 75 carries and eight TDs .
Texas also announced Wednesday that assistant head coach and co-defensive coordinator Larry Mac Duff is leaving after one season on the Texas staff .
A 36 - year coaching veteran , Mac Duff spent four seasons with the San Francisco 49ers before joining the Longhorns .
Texas had one of the worst defenses in the country , giving up an average of 33.4 points over the final five games .
" Larry and I met this morning and he informed me that he is not returning for the 2008 season , citing philosophical differences , " Brown said .
" Larry is a great coach and man and we appreciate all he 's done for our program . "
Doctors said that the report , being published in The Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , helps to explain why so many children grow out of the diagnosis in middle school or later , often after taking stimulant medications to improve concentration in earlier grades .
The findings in the first study grew out of a collaboration among a dozen leading researchers to reassess data from six large child - development studies performed since 1970 .
Each of these six studies tracked hundreds of children from an early age through elementary school on a number of measures , including reading and math skills , emotional stability and concentration , or attention .
Most of the studies used teacher reports to gauge students ’ emotional and social progress and their ability to pay attention when asked .
The researchers adjusted the findings to eliminate the influence of factors like family income and family structure .
While there was little correlation between behavior problems in kindergarten and later academic success , the researchers did find that scores on math tests at ages 5 or 6 were highly correlated with academic success in fifth grade .
Kindergarten reading skills and scores on attention measures — where youngsters with A.D.H.D. falter — also predicted later academic success , but less strongly than math scores did .
The pattern was about the same in girls as in boys , and for children from affluent families as well as those from lower - income groups .
The authors of the study suggested that preschool programs might consider developing more effective math training .
The findings should also put to rest concerns that boys and girls who are restless , disruptive or withdrawn in kindergarten are bound to suffer academically .
“ For kindergarten , it appears teachers are able to work around these behavior problems in a way that enables kids to learn just as much as other kids with equal levels of ability , ” said the lead author , Greg J. Duncan , a professor of human development and social policy at Northwestern University .
The findings , Dr. Duncan said , have been “ very controversial among developmental psychologists who have seen the paper . ”
The UK's Ministry of Defense ( MOD ) is conducting a review of information security policies in response to a serious data breach that transpired earlier this month .
A laptop that was stolen from the car of a military recruitment officer contained information about approximately 600,000 people , most of whom were prospective recruits .
The database stored on the laptop was not encrypted — a significant violation of MOD data handling policies .
The records , the earliest of which date back to 1997 , primarily consisted of names and basic contact information , but more sensitive data — such as passport information , National Health Service numbers , medical details , and drivers ' license numbers — were included for 153,000 individuals .
Financial and banking information of approximately 3,700 people was also stored on the laptop .
The theft has compelled defense secretary Des Browne to launch extensive policy reviews and appoint a Data Protection Officer who will be responsible for evaluating MOD information security practices on an ongoing basis .
Browne believes that the failure to use encryption is primarily the result of inadequate training .
" Our internal investigation has identified weaknesses in the application of MOD security procedures to this database , which is managed by the Army Recruiting and Training Division on behalf of all three services , " said Browne in a statement made to the House of Commons .
" In the time available it has not been possible to establish all of the facts , but it is clear that the database files were not encrypted , in breach of MOD procedures , and that there were shortcomings in security training and awareness among the relevant staff . "
As we have seen many times in the past , even the strictest policies are n't always effective at combating these kinds of data breaches .
The frequency with which these situations occur indicates a very clear need to reevaluate the manner in which data is stored , transported , and retained .
The impact of data breaches could be minimized if data retention policies are established mandating disposal of information that is no longer actively used .
" It is not clear to me why recruiting officers routinely carry with them information on such a large number of people or why the database retains this information at all , " Browne commented .
" As with all parts of Government , those who have dealings with the Armed Forces have a right to expect that their data will be properly protected . "
In the past decade , the UK has rapidly transformed into a surveillance society with pervasive camera monitoring , plans for a broad national ID card program , the largest citizen DNA database in the world , and increasingly common mandatory biometric information collection in schools without parental consent — trends that have drawn criticism from UK security officials and the European Court of Human Rights .
As the UK grapples with the implications of collecting massive amounts of personal information about citizens , leaders must consider the serious risks of potential data breaches .
Depression – a common , serious mood disorder – can undermine quality of life and contribute to disability , especially in more severe or persistent cases .
In a given year , it ’s estimated that 1 in 15 adults will experience depression or have at least one major depressive episode .
The mood disorder can affect myriad aspects of a person ’s life , from one ’s ability to tackle daily activities and work to relationships .
Symptoms
While depression is often first diagnosed in adolescents and adults , it can occur at any age .
Rather than involving fleeting sadness , hallmarks of the disorder like depressed or low mood and loss of interest or pleasure must continue for at least two weeks for a diagnosis of depression to be made .
Symptoms for major depressive disorder can be mild to severe and may include :
Feeling sad , hopeless or despondent .
A loss of pleasure or interest in things you once enjoyed .
Sleep disturbances – such as insomnia or sleeping too much .
A loss of energy or fatigue .
Recurrent thoughts of death or suicide .
Feelings of guilt or worthlessness .
Significant weight loss when not dieting or weight gain , or a noticeable decrease or increase in appetite .
Difficulty concentrating .
Agitation or restlessness .
Depression is often accompanied by anxiety as well , requiring individuals to manage both at the same time .
Causes
Studies indicate that a number of different genetic , biological , environmental and psychological factors can raise a person ’s risk for developing depression .
As outlined by the National Institute of Mental Health , these can include having a personal or family history of depression , experiencing major life changes , trauma , stress and certain physical ailments and medications .
These include drugs prescribed for everything from controlling high blood pressure to treating asthma to helping with smoking cessation .
Serious and chronic medical illnesses , such as heart disease and diabetes , are also associated with higher rates of depression .
So - called early life adversity like childhood trauma – including physical or sexual abuse – has also been linked to higher rates of depression not only around the time of the trauma but later in life as well .
Types
In addition to major depression , or major depressive disorder , and the variation in how long symptoms last and their severity , there are a number of other types of depression .
NIMH lists several examples :
Persistent depressive disorder .
Also called dysthymia , this involves depression symptoms that last for at least two years .
This form of depression is not as severe as major depression , but the ongoing nature of this disorder can significantly interfere with a person ’s life and relationships with the persistence of symptoms like a loss of interest in daily activities , diminished productivity and feelings of hopelessness .
A person can also have episodes of major depression , alternating with periods of less severe symptoms .
Also called dysthymia , this involves depression symptoms that last for at least two years .
This form of depression is not as severe as major depression , but the ongoing nature of this disorder can significantly interfere with a person ’s life and relationships with the persistence of symptoms like a loss of interest in daily activities , diminished productivity and feelings of hopelessness .
A person can also have episodes of major depression , alternating with periods of less severe symptoms .
Perinatal or postpartum depression .
Perinatal depression refers to major depression that some women experience during pregnancy or after delivery – which , in the latter case , is typically referred to as postpartum depression .
Symptoms including extreme sadness , crying , anxiety , appetite disturbance and exhaustion can make it difficult to handle the challenges of pregnancy or caring for a new child .
Perinatal depression refers to major depression that some women experience during pregnancy or after delivery – which , in the latter case , is typically referred to as postpartum depression .
Symptoms including extreme sadness , crying , anxiety , appetite disturbance and exhaustion can make it difficult to handle the challenges of pregnancy or caring for a new child .
Psychotic depression .
This is major depression accompanied by psychosis , or psychotic symptoms , including delusions , or false beliefs , and hallucinations – seeing or hearing things that are n’t there .
These delusions and hallucinations are frequently related to the person ’s depressed feelings , like hearing critical voices telling the individual that he or she does n’t deserve to live .
This is major depression accompanied by psychosis , or psychotic symptoms , including delusions , or false beliefs , and hallucinations – seeing or hearing things that are n’t there .
These delusions and hallucinations are frequently related to the person ’s depressed feelings , like hearing critical voices telling the individual that he or she does n’t deserve to live .
Seasonal affective disorder .
Also referred to as seasonal or winter depression , it tends to coincide with the changing seasons .
Symptoms , from feeling depressed to having low energy , typically begin and end around the same time each year , frequently lasting from the late fall or early winter and going away in the spring and summer .
( Less commonly episodes can occur during the summer . )
Treatment approaches include light therapy – or exposure to artificial light – as well as therapy and medication traditionally prescribed for depression .
Also referred to as seasonal or winter depression , it tends to coincide with the changing seasons .
Symptoms , from feeling depressed to having low energy , typically begin and end around the same time each year , frequently lasting from the late fall or early winter and going away in the spring and summer .
( Less commonly episodes can occur during the summer . )
Treatment approaches include light therapy – or exposure to artificial light – as well as therapy and medication traditionally prescribed for depression .
Depression occurring with bipolar disorder .
Bipolar disorder differs from depression since it involves alternating periods of unusually intense emotion .
But along with manic episodes marked by extreme elation , sufferers also experience depressive episodes .
Sometimes the same mood episode features both manic and depressive symptoms .
Individuals with bipolar disorder also experience accompanying changes in sleep patterns and activity levels .
Diagnosis and Treatment
Experts advise people who suspect they or a loved one are suffering from depression to seek professional help so they can be properly diagnosed and treated .
In particular , anyone who is having suicidal thoughts , experiencing psychosis or whose safety might otherwise be compromised is urged to get help immediately .
Treatments vary based on factors ranging from the depression type , symptoms and severity , and individual preference .
Most commonly major depression is treated with psychotherapy , or talk therapy – like cognitive behavioral therapy – or medication , and often the combination is recommended .
Whether a person is selecting a therapist or therapeutic approach or trying different medications , it can take time to find the right fit .
Even then , as with medications , results are n’t instantaneous .
For example , it generally takes at least a couple weeks before antidepressants begin to work .
Besides medication and therapy , other approaches are also sometimes recommended depending on depression severity and type , from light therapy for seasonal affective disorder to exercise , which research has shown to be effective in preventing and treating depression , particularly for those experiencing milder depression symptoms .
Alternative treatments from yoga to vitamin D supplements to meditation have also shown some promise but require more research .
Health Care Providers That Treat Depression
“ LET us be frank about it : most of our people have never had it so good , ” a British prime minister , Harold Macmillan , once said .
The phrase entered the political lexicon , and “ Supermac ” went on to win re-election in 1959 .
The lesson seems clear enough : for a politician , delivering good news is a winner .
If only it were that simple .
Half a century on , a growing body of research makes the case that , contrary to widespread belief , globalisation has made life better for most European citizens .
What is more , Europe is unusually good at it .
Yet political leaders seem wary of delivering the good news .
With few exceptions , the political rhetoric when it comes to globalisation ranges from grim resolve ( this challenge can be managed ) to plain grim ( we must tame this menace ) .
Defending globalisation is left to a cottage industry of think - tanks , academics and business lobbies ( although some of the most thoughtful studies are quietly financed by pro-market governments , from Finland to the Netherlands , or by the European Union ) .
What is going on ?
Politics , mostly .
Today 's Europeans fear that globalisation may not be good for most people .
Or , to be more precise , even if they notice the diffuse benefits ( cheap jeans and high - tech gadgets ) , they fret about the visible losers , starting with workers whose jobs are shipped overseas .
Worse , with globalisation disrupting business models at an ever finer level of detail many citizens feel they cannot be sure if they will be next .
A new book * by a pair of academics from America 's Johns Hopkins University finds lots of facts to cheer Europeans up .
European consumers ( ie , all Europeans when they are shopping ) are big winners from globalisation , which has delivered cheap imports , held down inflation and kept interest rates low .
Despite the fuss about China and India , the EU 's share of world exports rose slightly between 2000 and 2006 .
What is more , two - thirds of Chinese exports involve foreign brands , a good chunk of which are European .
Nor does a “ made in China ” tag mean big revenues for Chinese firms .
In a recent speech defending globalisation , the EU trade commissioner , Peter Mandelson , cited a University of California study into who gains when an iPod is sold in America for $ 299 .
Only $ 4 stays in China with the firms that assemble the devices , Mr Mandelson explained .
$ 160 goes to American companies that design , transport and retail iPods .
A similar pattern holds for many European products .
Europeans worry a lot about wage competition .
The researchers note that globalisation is not just about wages , but more broadly about finding efficiencies anywhere along complex supply chains .
After all , most non-EU employees of European firms live in America , not China ( EU and Swiss firms employ some 3.5 m workers in America ) .
Yes , European jobs have been lost by offshoring , but unevenly .
In France only 3.4 % of jobs lost in 2005 could be blamed on offshoring , though there has been a wave of factory closures more recently ( see article ) .
Portugal has suffered more : a quarter of its job losses between 2003 and 2006 involved jobs heading overseas , mostly to new EU members .
Stick to the data , and globalisation Angst in Europe can look like the tail wagging the dog .
Italian producers have demanded anti-dumping duties of tens of millions of euros on Chinese air compressors , to preserve just 500 jobs .
Yet in a political world , data get you only so far .
A politician seen as heartless towards 500 workers risks punishment by millions of watching voters .
EU economies may have created 18 m more jobs than they shed in the past decade .
But the jobs are different : like America , Europe has shed manufacturing and farming jobs , and created new ones in services .
Many Europeans suspect these of being precarious and low - paid .
President Nicolas Sarkozy of France is not alone in fuelling such suspicions , visiting factories to vow that France will remain an industrial power — with state help if need be — and deriding those who say that services are the future .
Services français
Such populism wilfully ignores European strengths .
France has a particular genius for exporting services ( if you are after striking symbols , a French firm , Sodexo , feeds both the American Marines and the British garrison on the Falklands ) .
Furthermore , wages and conditions in services vary widely ; and not all factory jobs were fun .
Yet Mr Sarkozy and his kind may be expressing something else : a sense that a shift towards globally traded services involves a loss of control .
Many Europeans have grown up in corporatist systems , dominated by trade unions , employers ' groups and politicians .
Globalisation is bad for such a model .
That can be liberating , if annoying to French Gaullists .
But it can be bruising as well .
Globalisation is one reason why European wage demands have been so restrained in recent years .
It is easier for bosses to say no when workers fear that their jobs might be shipped to Shenzhen .
That has been good for EU competitiveness .
But it is not nice to hear your boss making the threat .
Arguably , the European model has more niceness built into it than the American version , thanks to social safety nets of various sorts .
Some , like Denmark 's pricey “ flexicurity ” , look tailor - made for a globalised world thanks to their focus on supporting and retraining individual workers , not protecting jobs .
Politicians should not skate over risks ( to be fair , in his 1957 speech , even Mr Macmillan confessed to worrying : “ is it too good to last ? ” ) .
But they should not conceal good news from voters , either , just because it runs counter to popular gut instinct .
Although many Europeans do not seem to realise it , globalisation has been good for them — and the protection some crave would do far more harm than good .
Will today 's politicians ever be frank enough to tell them ?
* “ Globalisation and Europe : Prospering in the New Whirled Order ” .
By Daniel S. Hamilton and Joseph P. Quinlan , Centre for Transatlantic Relations .
Canadian troops have become increasingly involved in combat
MPs voted 198- 77 to keep the 2,500 troops in the southern province of Kandahar if Canada 's allies send 1,000 more soldiers , drones and helicopters .
Otherwise , Canada would withdraw next year at the end of its current mandate .
The confidence motion had been expected to pass because the minority governing Conservatives had opposition support .
The Conservatives , under Prime Minister Stephen Harper , were backed by the opposition Liberal Party after they adapted their motion to include greater emphasis on reconstruction and training for Afghan troops .
The consequences of pulling Canada 's military out of Afghanistan could have a far - reaching effect or a domino effect on others
Defence Minister Peter Mackay
They also set a firm pull - out date of December 2011 .
The New Democratic Party and the Bloc Quebecois voted against the extension of the Canadian mission past February 2009 .
The motion was treated as a confidence vote in the government .
Had it not been passed , it would have triggered early parliamentary elections .
Increasing combat
In parliamentary debate on the vote last month , Defence Minister Peter Mackay had urged MPs to support the motion .
" The consequences of pulling Canada 's military out of Afghanistan could have a far - reaching effect or a domino effect on others , " he said .
" If we were to pack up and leave Afghanistan , why would n't other nations follow suit ? "
Canada 's role in the Nato - led International Security Assistance Force ( Isaf ) is becoming increasingly controversial at home .
Eighty soldiers and one diplomat have been killed as the mission 's original role of reconstruction has become increasingly aimed at fighting Taleban and al - Qaeda insurgents in volatile Kandahar province .
Americans are often chided for a low savings rate .
We would be better off if we saved , supposedly .
Instead of taking a luxury vacation or buying a beach house , we loan money to bank or invest it in a business .
They use that money productively and give us back a nice return on investment so that we can , at some point in the future , take two vacations or buy a much nicer beach house .
Consumers in the past decade or so have not behaved as though they believed this pitch .
They borrowed the maximum that they could out of their home equity and went off to Europe .
They spent every dime that they earned and every dime that banks would lend them .
They behaved as though they believed that money invested in the stock market would be stolen by managers running the companies .
They spent as though they believed beach houses and European vacations would rise in cost much faster than the stock market .
It now appears that Wall Street agrees with these folks .
The yield on 5 - year Treasury Inflation Protected Securities ( TIPS ) has gone negative ( story ) .
If you give the government $ 1000 today , they will give you back $ 900 and change in 2013 .
Whatever they give you back will be adjusted for domestic inflation , at the officially published rate , so in theory your spending power in 2013 will only be slightly smaller than it is today .
But for the average thing that you might want to buy , you are more likely to be able to buy it right now than if you bought TIPS and waited five years .
A friend who is a professional money manager says that you should expect the yield on every form of investment to converge to LIBOR .
In other words , there is no reason to believe that other investments will return more than these negative - yield TIPS .
They might appear to yield more right now , but that is only because we are underestimating inflation .
Due to the decreasing marginal utility of income , i.e. , that $ 1 spent on top of $ 150,000 brings less enjoyment than the same dollar spent on top of $ 15,000 , it makes sense to save a bit for retirement .
Otherwise , perhaps anyone with a steady income should party on .
What if disability or death interferes with that steady income ?
One can buy insurance against these unlikely events and that insurance might well be cheaper than the haircut you ’re going to take as an investor in TIPS or any other publicly traded instrument .
Responding to the London Metropolitan Police 's new anti-photographer snitch campaign , wherein posters urge Londoners to turn in people who might be taking pictures of CCTV cameras , many people have taken a crack at redesigning the posters to point out the absurdity of them .
Here 's one from Flickr 's " illegalphotos " :
Here 's one from Flickr 's " Rubin 110 " :
And here 's one that Rob Beschizza sent me :
Have you made one ?
Link to it in the comments below .
( Thanks , Jake and Rob ! )
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- President Bush warned Friday the United States is in " more danger of attack " because Congress failed to extend legislation on domestic wiretapping laws allowing the government without a warrant to listen in on phone calls and intercept e-mails by foreign terrorist suspects that are transmitted through this country .
President Bush said he will not accept another temporary extension of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act .
Bush 's remarks came at the end of a meeting with Republican congressional leaders and Vice President Dick Cheney .
" American citizens must understand , clearly understand , that there still is a threat on the homeland , " Bush said .
" There 's still an enemy which would like to do us harm , and that we 've got to give our professionals the tools they need to be able to figure out what the enemy is up to so we can stop it . "
Temporary revisions to the 1978 law that regulates wiretapping are set to expire this weekend .
Democrats said the law as existed before a temporary revision in August will remain in effect and gives the administration all the authority it needs to spy on suspected terrorists .
" He knows that the underlying ' intelligence ' law and the power given to him in the Protect America
Act give him sufficient authority to do all of the surveillance and collecting that he needs to do in order to protect the American people , " House Majority Leader Nancy Pelosi said Thursday .
The House of Representatives and Senate are split over whether to include retroactive legal protection for telecommunications companies in a permanent overhaul .
Watch Bush 's comments on the FISA controversy »
After Friday 's meeting , House Minority Leader John Boehner , R - Ohio , defended Republicans ' desire to give the telecommunication companies immunity .
" This issue of the carriers that work with our government are increasingly concerned about their liability and increasingly concerned about whether they are going to continue to work with our intelligence officials , " Boehner said .
Congress is in recess for a week starting Friday .
Bush had offered to put off the start of his planned trip to Africa " if it will help them complete their work on this critical bill , " but White House spokeswoman Dana Perino later said the president would leave as scheduled Friday .
" The Democrats have made a decision that their higher priority -- over national security -- is taking another recess , " Perino said .
The current laws are set to expire at midnight Saturday .
The nation 's intelligence agencies then will have to go to court for warrants to listen in on conversations between suspected terrorists overseas .
Intelligence officials said that it will cause unnecessary delays , but the government will be able to get permission to conduct eavesdropping through the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court .
Even without court permission , agents also can listen in on a suspect 's calls without a warrant as long as an application is submitted within three days .
Additionally , any warrants already approved are good for a year from when the initial warrant was issued .
E-mail to a friend
All About U.S. Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court
The F - 15C Eagle fighter jets are single - seaters
Both men were able to eject and were picked up during a rescue operation off the Florida panhandle , but one of the unnamed pilots later died .
The surviving pilot is said to be in good condition .
The planes are believed to have collided while practising basic manoeuvres on Wednesday afternoon .
The weather was clear .
' Great loss '
The Eglin air force base in Florida had suffered " a great loss " , said Col Tom Harmer , commander of the 33rd Fighter Wing , 58th Fighter Squad , in a statement .
" My heart goes out to the family and friends of our fallen airman . "
Both pilots had substantial experience , Col Harmer said .
The US temporarily grounded F - 15C jets after one failed while training in Missouri last November .
Most were back in service by January , but others have been grounded indefinitely after defects were found .
FEBRUARY 3-- Florida investigators yesterday returned to the scene of the grind , arresting more than two dozen strippers in an undercover investigation .
According to the Pasco County Sheriff 's Office , the dancers were allegedly involved in a variety of criminal activities , including cocaine peddling , prostitution , lewdness , exposure of sexual organs , and the improper solicitation of alcohol sales .
The strippers , who were nabbed late last night and early this morning , worked at seven Tampa - area clubs : Lollipops ; Calendar Girls ; Vegas Showgirls ; Brass Flamingo ; Bare Assets ; Foxy Lady ; and Club Extasy .
Last July , dancers at five of those clubs were arrested as part of a lunchtime sting operation .
At left you will find mug shots of 25 strippers arrested as part of the latest Pasco County probe , which involved undercover officers infiltrating the joints and , in some instances , receiving lap dances that , um , rubbed the cops the wrong way .
According to criminal complaints , of the 25 women arrested , 23 ( or 92 percent ) were inked , including one woman who had a " Daddy 's Girl " tattoo on the back of one shoulder .
( 25 pages )
Critics had slammed the Federal Reserve for putting up $ 30 billion ( in the form of a loan ) in order to " facilitate " J.P. Morgan Chase 's purchase of Bear Stearns Cos. when J.P. Morgan decided to buy Bear at $ 2 a share at the beginning of last week .
The argument , as many suggested , was that was n't a bailout because a $ 2 valuation on Bear was essentially , well , nothing , and therefore the Fed was n't doing anybody any favors .
But the calculus changes now that Bear is going to be purchased by J.P. Morgan at $ 10 a share .
It has been an interesting ten days of trading .
That may well be much less than what some would value Bear at , but still , it 's more than last week , and the only additional risk J.P. Morgan is taking on is that out of that $ 30 billion portfolio the Fed is assuming control of ( using BlackRock Financial Management as the manager ) , the first $ 1 billion in losses are on J.P. Morgan 's shoulders .
The Fed , however , is on the hook for the rest of the portfolio's losses -- and by extension , some say , U.S. taxpayers , if the Fed ends up losing money .
" If the Fed takes $ 30 billion collateralized by illiquid assets from Bear and those assets end up being written down , how much of a hit can the Fed take on its books before it actually costs the taxpayers real money ? " asks Peter Cohan , of consultancy Peter Cohan & Associates .
Even allowing for the low expectations we bring to any lame - duck president ’s final State of the Union address , President Bush ’s brief discussion of climate change seemed especially disconnected from reality : from the seriousness and urgency of the problem and from his own responsibility for obstructing progress .
His call for a new international agreement to address global warming was disingenuous , coming as it did from a president who rejected the Kyoto Protocol as soon as he moved into the White House .
His promise to work with other nations on new , low - carbon technologies is one he has been unveiling for the last seven years .
We were told that Mr. Bush ’s thinking on global warming had evolved .
So there were slim hopes that , after years of stonewalling , he might agree to work with Congress on a mandatory program of capping carbon emissions .
That would begin to address the problem at home and give the United States the credibility it needs to press other major emitters like China to act .
No such luck .
Mr. Bush remains wedded to a voluntary approach that has not inspired industry to take aggressive action .
Meanwhile , the stonewalling continues .
Despite heavy pressure from Congress and many state governors , the Environmental Protection Agency shows no sign of reversing its decision to prohibit California and more than a dozen other states from moving forward with aggressive measures to cut greenhouse gas emissions from automobiles .
Your Inner Fish : A Journey into the 3.5 - Billion - Year History of the Human Body
by Neil Shubin
Allen Lane £ 20 , pp229
There has never been a shortage of jokes about the moral inadequacies of the legal profession .
Take this golden offering : why do sharks not eat lawyers ?
Professional courtesy , of course .
Thus , barristers are equated with savage , underwater killers and distanced , albeit jokingly , from humanity .
And why not ?
you might ask .
Lawyers scarcely deserve a reputation for being lovable or cuddly .
Yet fossil expert Neil Shubin will have no lampooning of the legal trade .
We are all sharks under the skin , he says or , to put it more precisely : ' We 're all modified sharks - or worse , there is a lawyer inside each of us . '
It is a disturbing notion .
Nevertheless , it is based on sound science .
As Shubin makes clear , evolution does not proceed in mighty anatomical jumps but through a process of gradual change , by transforming - very slightly - a gene , cell or bone so that it acts to a new purpose .
In this way , a new species is eventually created , albeit one that still carries the hallmarks of its evolutionary predecessors , an inner connection that can - and often does - stretch over the aeons , from fish to humans .
You can see these biological stigmata today , says Shubin .
' Our hands resemble fossil fins , our heads are organised like those of long - extinct jawless fish and major parts of our genomes still look and function like those of worms and bacteria . '
We are all shark siblings , in short .
The thesis is intriguing and although not entirely new , it is made fresh and accessible by Shubin 's laidback , rather chatty style , not to mention his admirable sense of the ridiculous and his catalogue of dotty anecdotes : an Arctic fossil dig turned to panic at the sight of approaching polar bears that , on closer inspection , were revealed to be large Arctic rabbits , and the marooning of his team on a remote Canadian river bank where they promptly found , by fluke , the fossil of a tritheledont , an extraordinarily rare , 200 - million - year - old ' part mammal , part reptile ' .
Through this narrative Shubin , head of Chicago University 's anatomy school , outlines his case for existence of ' the fish within us ' : fossil amphibian fins that demonstrate a structural affinity with human hands ; teeth , first discovered in ancient jawless fish , that evolved into modern mammary and sweat glands ; and genes , which control our eyes and ears , that correspond directly to DNA found in primitive jellyfish .
If nothing else , the scope of Your Inner Fish is ambitious , and if Shubin occasionally falters in his storytelling , trapping himself in the complexities of his material , he rarely loses the plot for long .
In any case , the real value in Shubin 's book goes beyond biology .
In demonstrating how anatomical features are co-opted in the natural selection of species , the author takes a well - aimed swipe at intelligent design .
The latter notion , brainchild of fundamental Christians , argues that the breadth and complexity of life on Earth cannot be explained without recourse to the work of an intelligent designer , in other words God .
How else can we explain the complexity of the eye , the structure of DNA or the wiring of the brain ?
Only a super - smart entity could have done that .
Well , from the pages of Your Inner Fish , it is clear that if a supreme being were responsible for creating life on Earth , from bacteria to humans , He or She displayed little intelligence .
Far from being the perfectly crafted handiwork of a deity , our bodies are jerry - rigged patchworks of old bones , cells and genes bolted on to old frameworks that creak and groan at every opportunity .
Men suffer hernias because their spermatic cords , inherited from ancient fish ancestors , leave them susceptible to gut tissue spilling through muscle walls , for example , while the evolution of the voice box has left us vulnerable to all sorts of breathing and swallowing ailments .
Or consider hiccups .
Spasms in our diaphragms , hiccups are triggered by electric signals generated in the brain stem .
Amphibian brain stems emit similar signals , which control the regular motion of their gills .
Our brain stems , inherited from amphibian ancestors , still spurt out odd signals producing hiccups that are , according to Shubin , essentially the same phenomenon as gill breathing .
Similarly , modern lifestyles leave us vulnerable to predispositions to obesity , heart attacks and haemorrhoids because we have the genes of hunter - gatherers who lived active , not sedentary , lives .
Then there is our sense of smell .
Three per cent of our DNA is devoted to receptors that give us a sense of smell .
The same is true for all other mammals , including rats , dogs and cats , except that in humans , a third of this material , the equivalent of about 300 genes , has been rendered useless by recent mutations .
We no longer rely on our sense of smell , so its genetic roots have atrophied .
But if we are created in His image , why fit us out with hundreds of useless , redundant smell - receptor genes in the first place ?
Scarcely the handiwork of a very intelligent designer , it would seem .
Certainly , for an infallible deity , God appears to have made an awful bodge of the bodies of men and women .
Nor should we be surprised , says Shubin : ' We were not designed rationally , but are products of a convoluted history . '
And that is putting it mildly .
- video encodings still in process -
It 's all Bin Laden and those Islamofascists fault ....... Woman 's Name To Be Listed On Sept. 11 Memorial ( CBS / AP ) NEW YORK
A woman who died of lung disease five months after Sept. 11 was added on Wednesday to the medical examiner 's list of attack victims , marking the first time the city has officially linked a death to the toxic dust caused by the World Trade Center 's collapse .
Felicia Dunn - Jones , a 42 - year - old attorney who was caught in the dust cloud while fleeing the collapsing towers on Sept. 11 , 2001 , died of sarcoidosis , a rare disease that causes inflammation and scarring in the lungs , on Feb. 10 , 2002 .
Chief Medical Examiner Charles Hirsch , citing " accumulated scientific research " that concluded exposure to trade center dust can cause or contribute to sarcoidosis , said that " Mrs. Dunn - Jones ' exposure to World Trade Center dust on 9/11/01 contributed to her death and it has been ruled a homicide . " " Mrs. Dunn -Jones has now been added to the list of people who died as a result of the collapse of the World Trade Center towers , " Hirsch wrote .
The city said the Sept. 11 death toll at the trade center is now 2,750 .
Dunn -Jones will be listed on the Sept. 11 memorial when it opens in 2009 , a spokeswoman for the World Trade Center Memorial Foundation said .
Dunn -Jones was not one of the 10,000 plaintiffs suing the city over their exposure to ground zero dust .
But David Worby , the attorney who filed the suit , said Wednesday he hopes listing her as a Sept. 11 victim bolsters arguments that people exposed to the toxic plume of pulverized concrete , jet fuel , asbestos and other toxins can contract rare diseases very quickly .
Worby said more than 100 of his clients have died , and said at least five of those people had sarcoidosis .
A study published this month by a Fire Department of New York doctor linked sarcoidosis definitively to exposure to the toxic dust , finding firefighters contracted the disease at a much higher rate after the Sept. 11 attacks than before .
New York lawmakers seeking federal funding for Sept. 11 health issues also said more names should be added to the list .
" I hope that the medical examiner is no longer in denial about the trade center dust , " said U.S. Rep.
Carolyn Maloney , D - N.Y .
" Dr. Hirsch must review the cases of other 9/11 heroes who , like Felicia , died in the prime of their lives .
" A New Jersey medical examiner last year ruled that the January 2006 death of a retired police detective , 34 - year - old James Zadroga , was " directly related " to his work at ground zero on and after Sept. 11 . Zadroga 's father , Joseph Zadroga , said that his son also suffered from sarcoidosis and that he and many others should be added to the list of victims with Dunn - Jones .
" I think that anybody that passes as a result of 9/11 should be listed on the wall , " said Zadroga .
" They 're going to be adding to that wall for the next 20 years .
" James Zadroga was at the trade center site when Seven World Trade Center collapsed but not when the twin towers fell , his father said .
Dunn -Jones breathed in the toxic dust of the towers , did not return to ground zero and became ill shortly after the attacks .
She was the only victim who did n't die on Sept. 11 to receive a death benefit from a federal fund to compensate victims ' families .
Dunn - Jones ' family had asked last year that the medical examiner add her name to the death toll , but Hirsch wrote at the time that his office could not link her death to the exposure " with certainty beyond a reasonable doubt .
" And in a letter last week to an attorney representing Dunn - Jones , Hirsch wrote that " I continue to have reasonable doubt " that exposure to trade center dust caused her disease , saying that there was evidence of scarring on Dunn - Jones ' heart muscle that appeared to be there before Sept. 11 . But Hirsch said that exposure to the toxic dust cloud certainly would have aggravated her disease and that he would change her listed cause of death .
Dunn -Jones will be listed on the Sept. 11 memorial with the names of 2,973 people killed on Sept. 11 in New York , Pennsylvania and Washington , D.C. , foundation spokeswoman Lynn Rasic said .
Mayor Michael Bloomberg , who chairs the memorial foundation , said his " thoughts and prayers are with the Dunn - Jones family . "
" It is on their behalf and on behalf of all those affected by 9/11 that we are now building a memorial that remembers and honors the thousands of innocents that died , " he said .
Hi , Mike Nash here from the Windows Product Management group at Microsoft .
Â
Today we are excited to announce that we have released Service Pack 1 for Windows Vista to manufacturing ( RTM ) for our first set of languages ( English , French , Spanish , German and Japanese ) .
Service Pack 1 is a very important milestone because it addresses many of the key issues that our customers have identified with Windows Vista over the last year both , directly and through programs like the Customer Experience Improvement Program .
Â
With Service Pack 1 , we have made great progress in performance , reliability and compatibility .
Â
One of the great things about my job is that I get to play with the latest builds of our products —
I ’ve personally been running Windows Vista SP1 pretty exclusively for a few months and I ’ve noticed that my systems run faster and more reliably than they did with the “ Gold ” release of Windows Vista .
When we first released Windows Vista last year , there were lots of customers who had great experiences , but some had issues finding applications that worked well on Windows Vista ; others had problems finding the right device drivers for some of the hardware devices that they used .
Â
The reason for these issues is that in order to improve the reliability and security of Windows Vista , we made some important architectural changes to the system .
Â
While this caused some issues in the short term , in the long term we know that these investments will improve both the reliability and security of the customer experience on Windows .
Â
Check out this blog post about the first year of Windows Vista security to see how some of these changes are paying off .
The good news is that this last year has been a great year of progress for Windows Vista in terms of improving application and device compatibility .
Â
For example , 98 out of the top - selling 100 applications have versions available for Windows Vista .
Â
And through the great work of our hardware partners , we now have 78,000 devices and components supported by Windows Update , up from about 34,000 in November 2006 .Â
As a result , we have licensed over 100 million copies of Windows Vista to date .
Service Pack 1 brings new improvements that are based on feedback we heard from our customers .
Â
It further improves the reliability and performance of Windows Vista .
Â
The information we collect thanks to tools like the Customer Experience Improvement Program , Online Crash Analysis , and Windows Error Reporting help us learn about where and when customers are having issues with Windows Vista and the applications that run on it .
Â
Since these issues have a direct impact on our customers ’ experiences , we ’ve invested time and energy to make this better .
Â
While Windows Vista Service Pack 1 is an important milestone , we will continue to invest in the continuous improvement process .
More from source : http://windowsvistablog.com/blogs/windowsvista/archive/2008/02/04/announcing-the-rtm-of-windows-vista-sp1.aspx
New York -
At a hastily scheduled morning press conference at the headquarters of New York 's exclusive Emperors Club prostitution ring , high priced call girl " Kristen " announced that she would temporarily step aside in the wake of charges that she had engaged in sex with New York Governor Eliot Spitzer .
" I made a serious mistake and betrayed the trust of my co-workers , my many clients , and my pimps , " she said in a quiet voice cracking with emotion .
" I will be taking a leave of absence to earn their forgiveness , and redeem myself in the eyes of the entire expensive whore community . "
The embattled prostitute did not mention Spitzer by name , and stopped short of offering an official resignation .
But longtime sex industry insiders say that it will be difficult for Kristen to return to her post in light of mounting federal wiretap evidence that she had sexually serviced the Governor on at least two occasions .
" It will be hard for her to spin her way out of this , " said Destinee Rizzo , editor of the trade journal Executive Concubine .
" After taking on clients like that , her days as a five diamond , high - roller suite call girl are over .
Frankly , with all the press coverage she 'll be lucky to get a job as a $ 5 truck stop lot lizard in Kentucky . "
" The big problem now is to keep this incident from threatening the whole expensive whore industry , " added Rizzo .
The revelation brought an immediate and angry reaction from Greymont Preston IV , spokesman for the powerful consumer watchdog group Profligate Wastrels United .
" For that kind of money , there 's an expectation that these girls have been with Snoop Dogg or Charlie Sheen , " said Preston .
" But please -- Eliot Spitzer ?
When our members are spending five thousand dollars to snort cocaine off an ass , they want to know that ass has some standards . "
Preston said his organization would push for new industry guidelines , including a " black box " john tracking system , but stopped short of calling for government regulation .
" Unfortunately , that would involve meeting with members of Congress , and many of our member do n't want to risk having the photos become public , " said Preston .
Lafester " Sly " Williams , president of the Big Dollar Pimp Association , said his group would comply with greater oversight and control systems .
" We want to assure the expensive whore buying public -- whether they are drug dealers , washed out big league ball players , or compulsive gamblers on a temporary hot streak -- that when they purchase one of our products , that fine bitch will now be DNA tested and certified 100 % free of contaminants from politicians or journalists , " said Williams .
Despite the new assurances , Rizzo says it may take years for the whore industry 's luxury segment to recover from the incident .
" The saddest thing is what it done to the youngsters , those starry - eyed 17 and 18 year old boys out there who dream someday of blowing thirty or forty thousand dollars on a hotel room full of beautiful , high end hookers , " said Rizzo .
" Sure , only a few ever achieve it , but that boyhood dream has always been universal .
After the Spitzer incident , thought , I 'm just not sure whether that 's true anymore . "
As to underscore that concern , as Kristen walked toward the exit of the press conference to her waiting 1973 Lincoln Continental Mark IV , she was approached by a teenage boy , a forlorn questioning in his eyes .
" Say it ai n't so , Kristen , " he begged .
" Say it ai n't so ! "
It never ends for the insanity and proves for the millionth time that no matter how badly you fail in corporate America , you will still be handsomely rewarded .
All of the so - called pay for performance talk is nothing more than bull .
Corporate America continues to slash benefits not to mention trash jobs for employees but they always take care of themselves .
Worse still is that Bank of America will receive massive tax write - offs for buying the lousy company so BoA will get a nice free ride too boot .
Best business environment money can buy .
No wonder the US economy has been growing at a slower pace than Europe during the Bush years .
It ’s just like a stinking third world country any more .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
March 30 , 2008
In his new book , New York Times writer Eric Lichtblau tells us the neocon plan to create an Americanized version of Stasi “ sparked heated legal concerns and silent protests inside the Bush administration within hours of its adoption in October 2001 , according to current and former government officials . ”
Deputy Attorney General Larry Thompson refused to sign off on any of the secret wiretapping requests and technicians at the FBI “ stumbled onto the N.S.A. ’s program accidentally within 12 hours of its inception , setting off what officials described as a brief firestorm of anxiety among senior officials , ” according to the New York Times .
Sure it did .
Because these government officials understand well enough the neocon Stasi snoop plan is an in - your - face violation of the Fourth Amendment .
“ Some who had not been told about the program were concerned that the agency was violating laws that required a court order for the singling out of Americans in wiretaps , and they immediately alerted higher - ups to what they had discovered . ”
Of course , most of these higher - ups are neocons or if not specifically neocons believers in an autocratic executive .
No doubt many of them simply shut - up because they were not willing to sacrifice their careers , their homes , their beamers to protect the Constitution and the Bill of Rights , as many of them had promised to do upon taking an oath .
Robert S. Mueller III , the F.B.I. director , assured nervous officials that the program had been approved by President Bush , several officials said .
But the presidential approval , one former intelligence official disclosed , came without a formal legal opinion endorsing the program by the Office of Legal Counsel at the Justice Department .
In other words , Mueller told “ nervous officials ” to check their concern at the door and forget about the fact Bush , the neocon sock puppet , had violated the Constitution .
Bush , or again the neocons , have nothing but contempt for the Constitution , which Bush infamously referred to as nothing more than a “ g.d. piece of paper , ” and the officials who were mollified by Mueller ’s assurances are as guilty as Bush and the neocons of treason .
Former AG John Ashcroft admits he was little more than a paper weight .
Ashcroft complained to associates at the time that the White House , in getting his signature for the surveillance program , “ just shoved it in front of me and told me to sign it . ”
Aides to Mr. Ashcroft were worried , however , that in approving a surveillance program that appeared to test the limits of presidential authority , Mr. Ashcroft was left legally exposed without a formal opinion from the Office of Legal Counsel , which acts as the legal adviser for the entire executive branch .
At that time , the office had already issued a broad , classified opinion declaring the president ’s surveillance powers in the abstract in wartime , but it had not weighed in on the legality or the specifics of the N.S.A. operation , officials said .
In short , Ashcroft realized he was doing something big time illegal , but that did not stop him .
Come the day of reckoning , John Ashcroft will wear an orange jumpsuit along with his associates , criminals all .
Or so we can hope .
At this point , with so little enthusiasm for arresting and prosecuting these traitors , we may as well wish for a golden pony and a visit from the tooth fairy .
Millions of Americans are not only vaguely aware of the crimes committed in their names , they are also dangerously ignorant of the Constitution beyond the fact it promises them the right to free speech , usually translated as the right to have 100 cable channels or boom obnoxious music at three o’clock in the morning .
It was John Yoo , advocate for torturing toddlers with pliers , who declared “ that the president ’s wartime powers allowed him to order the N.S.A. to intercept international communication of terror suspects without a standard court warrant . ”
In fact , the NSA has intercepted all communication for several decades now and the international part is miniscule , as there are few terrorists plotting to blow up buildings , that is unless they are nudged in that direction by FBI infiltrators , as in the case of the hapless poor kids in Miami , said by the government to hankered to knock down the Sears tower in Chicago .
Actually , these less than intellectually stellar street kids were attempting to shake down the FBI for cash .
Yoo ’s “ opinion ” on violating the Constitution is classified , as should be expected .
“ It was apparently written in late 2001 or early 2002 , but it was revised in 2004 by a new cast of senior lawyers at the Justice Department , who found the earlier opinion incomplete and somewhat shoddy , leaving out important case law on presidential powers .
Mr. Yoo declined to discuss the issue .
Even after the final legal opinions were written , lawyers at the National Security Agency were not allowed to see them , officials said . ”
Yoo is a professor of law at the Boalt Hall School of Law , University of California , Berkeley , and not a Constitutional scholar , not that you need one to understand the Fourth Amendment .
But then Yoo works for the American Enterprise Institute , neocon central , where Bush admits he gets his “ minds , ” that is to say his various warmongering psychopaths .
AEI is not Constitution friendly territory .
In fact , neocons agree : you have no rights , especially when it comes to having your phone , internet , credit and medical information snooped .
Congress apparently agrees as well , with the exception of a few hardy souls in the House .
Eric Lichtblau ’s book may provide us with a few details , more or less useless so long as there is no legal recourse and Congress and the judiciary allow Bush — and soon enough , his successor , be it Obama or Hillary — to conduct wholesale high - tech snooping , not of average Americans , who do not yet pose a threat to our rulers , but scattered activists who need to be subverted , or as the FBI would have it , need to be “ neutralized . ”
Now that the FBI and the CIA are in on the action , we can expect a return of COINTELPRO and Operation Chaos .
In fact , such programs never went away , they simply changed names .
As should be obvious , the so - called 9/11 truth movement has weathered an “ Operation Chaos ” for years now and is bogged down in irrelevancies and petty bickering over planes , no-planes , space beams , and other counterproductive minutia .
Lichtblau ’s book may now collect dust in the library .
Most people are blissfully unaware they live in a police state , sans any functional rights — all rights now are strictly ceremonial and having nothing to do with reality — and in fact many of them would not know how to act if they did in fact live in a constitutionally limited republic .
Liberty necessitates responsibility .
Far too many Americans have surrendered responsibility for vague promises issued by the nanny and police state .
As experience teaches , any meaningful promise made by the state will be broken , especially now that our rulers insist there are sacrifices to be made .
Soon enough , Mr. Lichtblau ’s book may be included in a little bonfire , not unlike the one staged on the Opernplatz in Berlin , that is if history plays out as it usually does .
You may remember the fire at Opernplatz .
It was staged by the Nazis in 1933 and they burned around 20,000 books .
WATCH ALEX JONES ’ ENDGAME ONLINE NOW in its entirety .
View more
High quality trailers at www.endgamethemovie.com
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
On the left is a portrait of German composer Johann Sebastian Bach by Elias Gottlob Haussmann from 1746 , presumably the only one in which Bach himself acted as the model .
On the right is the reconstructed face of Bach .
BERLIN ( Reuters ) - Experts have digitally rebuilt the face of 18th century German composer Johann Sebastian Bach -- and say the results may surprise his fans .
Raúl Jara ’s grandfather tilled a rich man ’s land on the outskirts of Lima , Peru , until agrarian reform in the nineteen - sixties made four acres of it his .
By the time Raúl was born , in 1971 , Lima had grown to surround the Jaras ’ compound , making their walled garden of bananas and bougainvillea an oasis from the increasingly chaotic and polluted capital city .
Raúl , an only child , was the first member of his family to go to college , and six times a week he would travel an hour and forty - five minutes by minibus to an oasis of another kind , the campus of Pontificia Catholic University , where he and his fellow engineering students immersed themselves in the elegant exactitude of mathematics .
Peruvians like to say that they have the world ’s best - educated taxi- drivers , because only a fraction of Peruvian college graduates find professional jobs .
Raúl was an exception .
After graduation , he worked as a teacher of computerized industrial drawing , then as an engineer at a gold mine , until , finally , he was hired at a copper mine set more than thirteen thousand feet up in the Peruvian Andes .
Peru ’s per-capita gross domestic product is less than that of Namibia or the Dominican Republic , but the Anglo - Australian Tintaya copper mine is a decidedly First World operation .
The man -made canyon of the open pit is bordered by a spotless miniature city — neat workers ’ houses with flowers out front , garden apartments , a chapel , a hotel , a hospital , a health club , and office buildings .
The rules of conduct are enforced with the rigor of a military academy : no walking in the street , no crossing outside the zebra stripes , no smoking , and orange vests and hard hats required everywhere .
The mine ’s obsessive rectitude , amid the nearly uninhabited high grassy plains and snow - capped mountains of southeastern Peru , is as anomalous as a moon colony in a science - fiction story .
Engineers at Tintaya work in cubicles , each with a late - model I.B.M.
ThinkPad attached to a nineteen - inch L.C.D. monitor , their whiteboards covered with dizzying graphs , parabolas , and complicated equations .
When Raúl started at Tintaya , as a geotechnical engineer , he examined soil samples and computed the angle at which to cut the wall of the pit , and then , as an ingeniero de costos , he analyzed the budget and developed new projects .
He worked twelve - hour shifts ten days in a row , and earned thirteen hundred dollars a month , almost ten times the minimum wage .
During his four days off , he would travel twenty - three hours by bus over rough roads back to Lima , where his friends and relatives would welcome him with a pachamanca , a feast of meats cooked slowly underground .
Though happy in his job , Raúl yearned for a life as orderly as the mine , for a country that funded education and parks , regulated air pollution and noise , and policed its own lawmakers .
Once , when Raúl and some other engineers made a road trip to Chile , he noticed that in Peru the driver gleefully exceeded the speed limit , passed on the right , even blew through stop signs , but in Chile he was careful not to speed , and was scrupulous about stop signs and railroad crossings .
“ They have laws here , ” the man said .
When a colleague went to work in Canada , Raúl asked his boss about the possibility of a transfer , but he was told that he did n’t speak English well enough .
On one of Raúl ’s four - day furloughs in the fall of 2002 , he was walking in downtown Lima with his girlfriend , Liliana Campos , a willowy beauty with the graceful half - moon nose of her Inca ancestors .
Lily , as she is called , was then twenty - five and living with Raúl ’s parents while she studied to be a nurse .
A red - white - and - blue sign caught their attention : “ Sorteo de Visas ! ” Every autumn , storefront businesses decorated with American flags bloom across Lima like rockrose .
Tall cardboard signs are taped onto windows or on sandwich boards placed on the sidewalk , festooned with Old Glory , the Statue of Liberty , and exhortatory phrases : “ Lotería de Green Card ! ” or simply “ Puedes Ganar ” — “ You Can Win . ” Raúl and Lily had never given the lottery much thought , but this time they paid a couple of dollars to have their pictures taken and to get some help in filling out forms .
Then , like most people who enter a lottery , they forgot all about it .
The official name of the program known as the Green Card Lottery in Peru — and in a hundred and seventy - six other countries — is the Diversity Visa Program .
Of the more than two hundred visa types provided by the State Department , it is by far the oddest .
While the vast majority of immigrant visas still go to people who suffer persecution or possess strictly prescribed qualifications — relatives already in the U.S. , strategic skills , or great wealth — the only requirement for winning the Green Card Lottery , other than good fortune , is a high - school education or two years ’ experience in one of three hundred and fifty - three career categories ranging from anthropologist to housepainter to poet - and - lyricist .
Fifty thousand diversity visas are made available each year ; almost six million people applied to the program in 2005 .
Its future , however , is uncertain .
Last month , the House of Representatives passed a border enforcement and immigration bill that included an amendment to abolish the Green Card Lottery .
The Senate will consider that bill later this year .
The lottery began — in the name of diversity — as a way to bring more white people to America .
It was , so to speak , a correction to a correction to a correction .
The earliest immigration laws , from the late eighteen - eighties , favored Northern Europeans .
In 1965 , at the height of the civil - rights movement , Congress changed the laws to favor relatives of American citizens or permanent residents , regardless of origin , and Asians , Africans , and Latin Americans began arriving in record numbers , while European immigration plummeted .
The shift alarmed many members of Congress , who argued for legislation that would , in the words of Senator Alfonse D’Amato , relieve the “ painful , and even tragic problems for Irish , Germans , Italians , Poles , and others without immediate family members in the United States . ”
The result , in the early nineteen - nineties , was a series of short - lived diversity - visa programs designed to bring more European immigrants , especially English - speakers , to the United States .
From 1992 to 1994 , forty per cent of diversity visas were set aside for immigrants from one country : Ireland .
When the Irish exception expired , in 1995 , Congress decided the lottery should cover the whole world — except those countries thought to be overrepresented in the immigrant pool .
That list now includes Mexico , Colombia , the Dominican Republic , El Salvador , Haiti , Jamaica , China ( not including Hong Kong ) , Russia , India , Pakistan , the Philippines , South Korea , Vietnam , the United Kingdom ( except Northern Ireland ) , Poland , and Canada .
Winners of the lottery qualify for immediate permanent - resident cards — green cards — which allow them to live and work in the United States as long as they like and to move toward citizenship .
Some countries , like Ethiopia and Egypt , had more than six thousand qualified winners last year .
Andorra , Liechtenstein , the Pacific island nation of Niue , and the French Southern and Antarctic Territories each had one .
The Cocos Islands had two , Suriname had three , and the Seychelles had four .
Whatever the lottery does to diversify the immigrant pool , it is a splendid overseas marketing campaign for the American Dream .
That a carpet installer or pipe fitter in Ouagadougou or Yerevan who would otherwise have no hope of emigrating might suddenly be handed a green card is a notion as powerful as that of the orphan who becomes President or the twenty - five - year - old who pulls the right lever in Las Vegas and wins forty million dollars .
The odds are n’t bad : at a hundred and eighteen to one , they ’re considerably better than the forty - five - million - to - one odds of winning first prize in the New York Lotto .
A Boston man has filed a class - action lawsuit accusing hardware maker HP and office supply retailer Staples of colluding to inflate the price of printer ink cartridges in violation of federal antitrust law .
According to the suit , HP allegedly paid Staples $ 100 million to refrain from selling inexpensive third - party ink cartridges , although the suit does n't make it clear how plaintiff Ranjit Bedi arrived at that figure .
For most printer companies , ink is the bread and butter of their business .
The price of ink for HP ink - jet printers can be as much as $ 8,000 per gallon , a figure that makes gas - pump price gouging look tame .
HP is currently the dominant company in the printing market , and a considerable portion of the company 's profits come from ink .
The printer makers have been waging an all - out war against third - party vendors that sell replacement cartridges at a fraction of the price .
The tactics employed by the printer makers to maintain monopoly control over ink distribution for their printing products have become increasingly aggressive .
In the past , we have seen HP , Epson , Lenovo and other companies attempt to use patents and even the Digital Millennium Copyright
Act in their efforts to crush third - party ink distributors .
The companies have also turned to using the ink equivalent of DRM , the use of microchips embedded in ink cartridges that work with a corresponding technical mechanism in the printer that blocks the use of unauthorized third - party ink .
Adding insult to injury , most printers are lying , filthy ink thieves , according to a recent study , misreporting that they are low on ink when they are not .
Bedi's suit asks for unspecified damages and an injunction barring the two companies from engaging in anticompetitive business practices .
vmsplice ( ) : the making of a local root exploit
Please consider subscribing to LWN Subscriptions are the lifeblood of LWN. net .
If you appreciate this content and would like to see more of it , your subscription will help to ensure that LWN continues to thrive .
Please visit this page to join up and keep LWN on the net .
vmsplice ( )
As this is being written , distributors are working quickly to ship kernel updates fixing the local root vulnerabilities in thesystem call .
Unlike a number of other recent vulnerabilities which have required special situations ( such as the presence of specific hardware ) to exploit , these vulnerabilities are trivially exploited and the code to do so is circulating on the net .
Your editor found himself wondering how such a wide hole could find its way into the core kernel code , so he set himself the task of figuring out just what was going on - a task which took rather longer than he had expected .
The splice ( ) system call , remember , is a mechanism for creating data flow plumbing within the kernel .
It can be used to join two file descriptors ; the kernel will then read data from one of those descriptors and write it to the other in the most efficient way possible .
So one can write a trivial file copy program which opens the source and destination files , then splices the two together .
The vmsplice ( ) variant connects a file descriptor ( which must be a pipe ) to a region of user memory ; it is in this system call that the problems came to be .
The first step in understanding this vulnerability is that , in fact , it is three separate bugs .
When the word of this problem first came out , it was thought to only affect 2.6.23 and 2.6.24 kernels .
Changes to the vmsplice ( ) code had caused the omission of a couple of important permissions checks .
In particular , if the application had requested that vmsplice ( ) move the contents of a pipe into a range of memory , the kernel did n't check whether that application had the right to write to that memory .
So the exploit could simply write a code snippet of its choice into a pipe , then ask the kernel to copy it into a piece of kernel memory .
Think of it as a quick - and - easy rootkit installation mechanism .
If the application is , instead , splicing a memory range into a pipe , the kernel must , first , read in one or more iovec structures describing that memory range .
The 2.6.23 vmsplice ( ) changes omitted a check on whether the purported iovec structures were in readable memory .
This looks more like an information disclosure vulnerability than anything else - though , as we will see , it can be hard to tell sometimes .
These two vulnerabilities ( CVE - 2008 -0009 and CVE - 2008-0010 ) were patched in the 2.6.23.15 and 2.6.24.1 kernel updates , released on February 8 .
On February 10 , Niki Denev pointed out that the kernel appeared to be still vulnerable after the fix .
In fact , the vulnerability was the result of a different problem - and it is a much worse one , in that kernels all the way back to 2.6.17 are affected .
At this point , a large proportion of running Linux systems are vulnerable .
This one has been fixed in the 2.6.22.18 , 2.6.23.16 , and 2.6.24.2 kernels , also released on the 10th .
At this point , with luck , all of these bugs have been firmly stomped - though , now , we need to see a lot of distributor updates .
The problem , once again , is in the memory - to - pipe implementation .
The function get_iovec_page_array ( ) is charged with finding a set of struct page pointers corresponding to the array of iovec structures passed in by the calling application .
Those pointers are stored in this array :
struct page * pages [ PIPE_BUFFERS
] ;
Where PIPE_BUFFERS happens to be 16 .
In order to avoid overflowing this array , get_iovec_page_array ( ) does the following check :
npages = ( off + len + PAGE_SIZE - 1 ) >>
PAGE_SHIFT ; if ( npages > PIPE_BUFFERS - buffers ) npages = PIPE_BUFFERS - buffers ;
Here , off is the offset into the first page of the memory to be transferred , len is the length passed in by the application , and buffers is the current index into the pages array .
Now , if we turn our attention to the exploit code for a moment , we see it setting up a number of memory areas with mmap ( ) ; some of that setup is not necessary for the exploit to work , as it turns out .
At the end , the code does this ( edited slightly ) :
iov.iov_base = map_addr ; iov.iov_len = ULONG_MAX ; vmsplice ( pi [ 1 ] , &iov , 1 , 0 ) ;
The map_addr address points to one of the areas created with mmap ( ) which , crucially , is significantly more than PIPE_BUFFERS pages long .
And the length is passed through as the largest possible unsigned long value .
Now let 's go back to fs / splice .c , where the vmsplice ( ) implementation lives .
We note that , prior to the fix , the kernel did not check whether the memory area pointed to by the iovec structure was readable by the calling process .
Once again , this looks like an information disclosure vulnerability - the process could cause any bit of kernel memory to be written to the pipe , from which it could be read .
But the exploit code is , in fact , passing in a valid pointer - it 's just the length which is clearly absurd .
Looking back at the code which calculates npages , we see something interesting :
npages = ( off + len + PAGE_SIZE - 1 ) >>
PAGE_SHIFT ; if ( npages > PIPE_BUFFERS - buffers ) npages = PIPE_BUFFERS - buffers ;
Since len will be ULONG_MAX when the exploit runs , the addition will cause an integer overflow - with the effect that npages is calculated to be zero .
Which , one would think , would cause no pages to be examined at all .
Except that there is an unfortunate interaction with another part of the kernel .
Once npages has been calculated , the next line of code looks like this :
error = get_user_pages ( current , current -> mm , ( unsigned long ) base , npages , 0 , 0 , & pages [ buffers ] , NULL ) ;
get_user_pages ( ) is the core memory management function used to pin a set of user - space pages into memory and locate their struct page pointers .
While the npages variable passed as an argument is an unsigned quantity , the prototype for get_user_pages ( ) declares it as a simple int called len .
And , to complete the evil , this function processes pages in a do {} while ( ) ; loop which ends thusly :
len --; } while ( len && start < vma->vm_end ) ;
So , if get_user_pages ( ) is passed with a len argument of zero , it will pass through the mapping loop once , decrement len to a negative number , then continue faulting in pages until it hits an address which lacks a valid mapping .
At that point it will stop and return .
But , by then , it may have stored far more entries into the pages array than the caller had allocated space for .
The practical result in this case is that get_user_pages ( ) faults in ( and stores struct page pointers for ) the entire region mapped by the exploit code .
That region ( by design ) has more than PIPE_BUFFERS pages - in fact , it has three times that many , so 48 pointers get stored into a 16 - pointer array .
And this turns the failure to read - verify the source array into a buffer overflow vulnerability within the kernel .
Once that is in place , it is a relatively straightforward exercise for any suitably 31337 hacker to cause the kernel to jump into the code of his or her choice .
Game over .
( Update : as a linux - kernel reader pointed out , the story is a little more complicated still at this point ; this is an unusual sort of buffer overflow attack ) .
The fix which was applied simply checks the address range that the application is trying to splice into the pipe .
Since a range of length ULONG_MAX is unlikely to be valid , the vulnerability is closed - as are any potential information disclosure problems .
Get the stories that matter to you sent straight to your inbox with our daily newsletter .
Subscribe
Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
TWO 14 - year - old boys were caught taking Viagra in school .
Police are investigating after the second - year pupils were hauled before the headmaster after other children tipped off teachers .
Both boys caught with the male impotence drug were excluded from St Matthew 's Academy in Saltcoats , Ayrshire .
A source at the school said : " The boys were caught after reports they had taken a number of the pills each .
" They were pulled into the headmaster 's office and found to be in possession of prescription drugs including Viagra .
" The boys have claimed not to have taken any of them but there has been good reason to believe that was not the case .
" Teachers have been told to be extra vigilant .
" Because it is relatively easy to get hold of there is a real worry that this could become a craze among pupils . "
One concerned parent said : " My son came home and said this boy had been excluded for taking pills .
" He was embarrassed when I quizzed him about it then he admitted it was Viagra .
" I did n't know whether to laugh or be really concerned .
" Apparently the youngster is a bit of a toerag and probably just did it for a prank . "
A North Ayrshire Council spokeswoman said : " Last week , two pupils came into school with prescription drugs including Viagra .
They were caught and excluded from school as a result . "
Record GP Craig Lennox said : " This drug is not designed for children and so the possible side effects are unknown .
" The most likely thing that would happen to someone who took too much is a prolonged and painful erection . "
Viagra has become popular as a recreational drug with revellers who feel it gives them some kind of high .
Being a geek is not just reserved for the computer room – it pervades every aspect of your life .
In order to enrich the lives of the geeks on the site , we have produced this list of 10 cool geek gadgets especially for use in the kitchen !
Enjoy !
10 R2 D2 Trash Can
Every geek must have at least one item of Star Wars memorabilia – and if you do n’t – this is a great item to start the collection .
You can keep your old pizza crusts and soda cans in here , as well as your old draft copies of quantum physics papers .
Unfortunately the trash can does n’t beep and squeak like R2 , but it is better than nothing !
Buy one at Amazon
9 Tetris Ice Moulds
Tetris . Ice. Moulds .
What more can I say ?
These are a design concept so you ca n’t buy them yet , but once they are out , I will definitely be buying some for my next geek cocktail party !
[ Source ]
8 Tic Tac Toast
With Tic Tac
Toast you can now exercise your brain at breakfast too !
Grab some peanut butter and your favorite jam and have a tic tac toast competition .
The winner eats the toast so you had better brush up on your tic tac toe skills or it will be cold left - over pizza for you .
[ Buy one ]
7 Eye Vac
This is perfect for the geek who likes to eat his pizza standing up in the kitchen .
When you are done , all you need to do is sweep the crumbs in the general direction of the Eye Vac and it will suck them all up !
You do n’t even need to bend down !
What could be more perfect for the less active geek than this ?
[ Buy one ]
6 Digital Hour Glass
This is n’t the most thrilling of gadgets , but I had to include it because it looks so cool !
I have recently been looking for a new egg timer and this is definitely the one I am buying .
Buy one at Amazon
5 Hood Toaster Concept
Unfortunately this gadget it still only a concept , but what a GREAT looking toaster !
I will be first in line to buy one of these when it makes it to the production stage .
It works by sliding a small cage under the hood which holds the bread in place .
Very very nice .
[ Source ]
4 Nutritional Scales
They say you are what you eat , and these kitchen scales can tell you , exactly , the nutritional content of just about any food you use to prepare a meal .
The scales come with an in - built computer that can analyze the nutritional content of the food you are weighing , from a database of over 1,400 different foodstuffs .
The scales not only report on nutritional information , but they can keep a record of total dietary intake , for up to two people , so that you can monitor calorie intake as well as other important dietary information over time .
[ Buy One ]
3 Grenade Fire Extinguisher
One of these would look cool in every geeks kitchen !
I would recommend that you not wear one on your belt when in public as you may get tazed bro .
This is definitely a must have for every geek – especially those with questionable talent in the kitchen !
[ Buy one ]
2 Voodoo Knife Block
A friend of mine owns one of these knife sets but in blood red , and I can tell you – it is even cooler in person than in the photo .
This is probably the coolest knife set I have ever seen and at only $ 100 ( approximately ) it is a real steel !
[ Buy one ]
1 ReadyWhenUR – SMS Kettle
This has got to be the coolest gadget ever made !
This kettle can be turned on and off via an SMS message !
Imagine heading home after a long day and arriving home to find the kettle hot and ready for a good cup of coffee !
I am almost certain that owning one of these will cause a dramatic increase in my daily intake of coffee .
This product has been marketed but does not yet appear to be available for sale .
Let ’s hope we do n’t have to wait much longer .
That creative freedom has fueled plenty of cultural cross-pollination .
Dick Verdult , an avant - garde musician and artist from the Netherlands , began toying with cumbia around 2000 , manipulating the childish rhythms of the South American folk music with electronic bass lines , time delays and sampled voices .
“ Cumbia is like a ball of clay , ” said Mr. Verdult , 53 , who is better known by his stage name , Dick El Demasiado .
“ If you stick to the simple laws ” — a 4/4 rhythm that he likens to a galloping horse — “ but disregard the tradition , you can do a lot with it .
Argentina has a very elastic culture . ”
His first cumbia album , “ No Nos Dejamos Afeitar , ” released in 2002 , was so well received that Mr. Verdult decided to move to Buenos Aires .
“ The reaction blew me away , ” said Mr. Verdult , who is regarded as the unofficial godfather of this new electrotango sound known as experimental cumbia .
Not surprisingly , many of his disciples are fellow expatriates .
“ There ’s a group of maybe 10 producers and D.J. ’s who are really pushing these new styles , ” said Gavin Burnett , 26 , a D.J. from San Francisco who blends cumbia with hip - hop and Jamaican dancehall under the pseudonym Oro11 .
“ If you ’re an artist looking to be inspired and have $ 10,000 saved up , you can basically come down here and work , and not worry for a year . ”
Image Le Bar was started by French expatriates .
Credit ... Lalo de Almeida for The New York Times
It ’s not only artist types who are soaking up Buenos Aires ’s budget bohemia .
Stumble into many of the city ’s trendy restaurants , bars and hotels , and there ’s a good chance a foreigner is behind it .
One of the newest is Le Bar , a martini lounge and restaurant in Microcentro with sunken seats , cool lighting and a rooftop terrace .
It was started by several French expatriates including Manuel Schmidt , 40 , an architect from Paris who sailed to Argentina with his wife and young daughter three years ago , and basically did n’t sail back .
Brasserie Petanque , a new restaurant in San Telmo , looks as though it was transplanted tile by tile from the Left Bank .
“ When I came in 2003 , there were no French restaurants , so I stayed and opened this , ” said Pascal Meyer , an owner who was tending bar on a recent Sunday night .
Before becoming a restaurateur in Buenos Aires , he was a culinary tour guide for the United Nations in New York City .
AND then there are the novelists , journalists and screenwriters , quietly tapping away in their $ 600 - a- month apartments , seeking to make a name for themselves on Argentine soil .
Nate Martin , a 24 - year - old from Wyoming , moved to the city in November and took a job as an editor at The Buenos Aires Herald , an English - language newspaper , because , he says , “ I did n’t want to be a waiter while writing . ”
For his creative outlet , Mr. Martin maintains a blog , Grating Space .
Like dozens of similar blogs written by foreigners , it rhapsodizes about the Argentine good life .
He also D.J. ’s on the side .
New charges against Baltimore City cop '; 2nd Incident Caught on Tape2/15/08 New video of Baltimore police officer Salvatore Rivieri in action at the Inner Harbor .
This time he confronts Billy Friebele , an artist from Washington D.C. , who was videotaping at the Harbor last summer .
Friebele said he was taping the reactions of passersby to a box he was moving with a remote controlled car .
Officer Rivieri is seen on tape kicking the box off of the car and then kicking the car .
The officer then orders Friebele to leave the area .
Rivieri is the same officer caught on a video wrestling a 14 year old skate boarder to the ground .
A spokesperson for the Baltimore Police Department declined to comment on this latest videotape .
Officer Rivieri is suspended without pay pending the outcome of an internal investigation of the incident with the skate boarder .
Incredible work Zentra !
You built all of this yourself ?
What did you use for designing and cutting the bracket system ?
Are those like aluminum t- blocks ( no , I 'm not a mechanical engineer ) at the joints on the body ?
Nice work on the cable management too !
How sturdy are those single brackets connecting the legs from the shoulders ?
Sorry I 'm just loving this spider and have a ton of questions !
France 's Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner speaks to the press after his meeting with China 's Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi in the Diaoyutai State Guesthouse in Beijing October 31 , 2007 .
Kouchner and German Foreign Minister Frank - Walter Steinmeier will record a " rhythm and blues " song on European integration next week , an official spokesman said on Friday .
REUTERS / Peter Parks / Pool
BERLIN ( Reuters ) - The French and German foreign ministers will record a “ rhythm and blues ” song on European integration next week , an official spokesman said on Friday .
The song by Bernard Kouchner and Frank - Walter Steinmeier will be recorded in Berlin on Monday on the sidelines of a Franco - German summit , which will focus on European integration .
“ The two foreign ministers want to make their contribution to the debate but in a somewhat unconventional way , ” German Foreign Ministry spokesman Martin Jaeger told a news conference .
They will go to a studio in Berlin ’s Kreuzberg district , a heavily Turkish section of the German capital , and record with young people from the neighbourhood .
Asked whether the ministers would record a rap song , Jaeger said the tune could be classified as “ rhythm and blues ” and would be posted on the Internet video portal Youtube.com .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel , along with the ministers , will hold the regular summit in Berlin on Monday .
“ No one has ever heard a French and German foreign minister singing together .
On Monday this will happen , ” Jaeger added .
An American soldier marks grenades with messages referring to family , friends , the Yankees and the 9/11 terrorist attacks .
All photographs © Tim Hetherington / Panos Pictures
In 2017 , more than 676,500 American homes went into foreclosure , according to Attom Data Solutions .
That ’s roughly 1 out of every 200 homes in the country .
This is better than the peak rate in 2010 when more than 2 out of every 100 homes were in foreclosure , but it still represents hundreds of thousands of people being forced out of their homes because they could n’t meet their mortgage payments .
Homeowners can end up in this situation for many different reasons .
Some lose their jobs and can no longer make ends meet .
For others , a health crisis leaves them with hefty medical bills that eat up their available funds .
And some simply make the mistake of buying more house than they can afford , so that even a small change in their finances is enough to put the payments out of their reach .
No matter why it happens , foreclosure is a terrible experience .
Losing your home is always scary and depressing , but when you lose it because you could n’t meet the payments , you can feel like it ’s your fault .
This piles feelings of shame and guilt on top of all your other stress .
And to make matters worse , a foreclosure seriously hurts your credit score , making it much harder for you to buy another home in the future .
If you ’re facing this problem , it makes sense to do everything you possibly can to avoid it .
There are several ways for cash - strapped homeowners to prevent a foreclosure — or at least shield themselves from some of foreclosure ’s worst effects .
Raising Extra Cash
If you have n’t fallen behind on your mortgage payments by more than a month or two , you still have a chance to get back on track .
If you can manage to raise enough extra cash , you can make up the missed payments and save your home from foreclosure .
Here are some ways to raise money in a hurry .
Slash Your Expenses
Start by cutting out all the extras in your budget , if you have n’t already .
Cancel your cable TV , scale back to a cheaper cell phone plan , drop your gym membership , stop drinking bottled water , and quit going out to eat , even if it ’s just for coffee in the morning .
If that ’s not enough to close the gap in your budget , it ’s time to move on to more extreme strategies .
Look for ways to slash your grocery bills , find affordable healthcare , and possibly even give up your car .
Tightening your belt this much is painful , but it ’s better than losing your home .
Use Aid Programs
If you qualify for any form of government aid – such as Medicaid , SNAP ( food stamps ) , or heating assistance – take it .
The extra money it frees up in your budget could allow you to keep up with your mortgage .
The Benefit Finder at Benefits.gov can help you find and apply for programs in your state .
Sell Stuff
Search your house for anything of value that you can sell to raise some money .
High - value items include jewelry , electronics , collectibles , tools , musical instruments , and even some furniture or a second car if you can get along without them .
You can sell your belongings on eBay , post them on Craigslist , or take them to a pawn shop .
Boost Your Income
Look for ways to earn some extra income to make ends meet .
See if your boss is willing to give you some extra shifts or overtime hours at work .
If that does n’t work , look into getting a second job or a side gig like driving for Uber .
Renting out a spare room in your home , if you have one , is another way to bring in some extra money .
Tap Your Retirement Fund
If you have money set aside in a retirement fund , consider taking an early withdrawal .
If you have a Roth IRA , you can withdraw money from it without having to pay extra taxes or penalties .
Doing this will still put you behind on your retirement savings , but you can worry about catching up later , once your financial crisis has passed .
If you have a traditional IRA or 401k , you ’ll have to pay taxes and penalties on any early withdrawals , but the cost could be worth it to save your home .
Refinancing
Some people wind up in trouble because of adjustable rate mortgages that have a low , manageable payment for the first few years , then suddenly jump up to a level that ’s out of reach .
Some of the worst offenders are interest - only loans , which become much more expensive when you have to start paying principal as well as interest .
Other people have fixed - rate mortgages , but the interest rate is very high – perhaps because they had poor credit , or perhaps because the rates just happened to be high at the time .
If you ’re in any of these situations , refinancing your mortgage could be enough to get your monthly payment down to a level you can handle .
This can be an option even if you ’re upside down on your loan .
Ordinarily , banks do n’t want to refinance a mortgage unless you have a fair amount of equity , but if the alternative is foreclosing on the loan , the bank can make more money by letting you refinance than by going through the foreclosure process .
Refinancing vs. Foreclosure
Refinancing your home loan , if you can , is usually the best alternative to foreclosure .
It offers several advantages :
Least Impact on Credit .
Applying for a new loan always dings your credit score a bit , but the drop is only temporary .
Compared to other options – such as a short sale , loan modification , or deed in lieu of foreclosure – a refinance should do the least damage to your credit rating in the long term .
.
Applying for a new loan always dings your credit score a bit , but the drop is only temporary .
Compared to other options – such as a short sale , loan modification , or deed in lieu of foreclosure – a refinance should do the least damage to your credit rating in the long term .
A More Affordable Loan .
Refinancing your home replaces an unaffordable loan with an affordable one .
You ’ll have monthly payments that fit more comfortably into your budget , rather than stretching it to the limit or beyond .
.
Refinancing your home replaces an unaffordable loan with an affordable one .
You ’ll have monthly payments that fit more comfortably into your budget , rather than stretching it to the limit or beyond .
You Keep Your Home .
Most importantly , refinancing lets you keep your home .
You ’ll have to go through some hassles filling out the paperwork , but that ’s a lot less trouble than moving to a new home .
Ways to Refinance
If you ’ve built up plenty of equity in your home , your bank should be happy to refinance your mortgage for you .
Even if you ca n’t get a lower interest rate , you should be able to lower your monthly payments by extending your loan term .
For instance , if you had a $ 200,000 loan and you ’ve already paid off $ 50,000 , you can take out a new 30 - year loan for $ 150,000 .
It will take you longer to get your house paid off this way , but that ’s better than losing your home completely .
If you do n’t have much equity , there ’s a chance you can still refinance with the help of some special programs .
These include :
HARP .
The Home Affordable Refinance Program ( HARP ) helps homeowners whose homes have lost value to refinance their mortgages , even if they ’re now upside down .
This program is only available for mortgages that were originated up through May 2009 by the government - sponsored programs Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac .
The HARP website can tell you if you qualify and help you apply .
HARP is due to expire at the end of 2018 , so you ’ll need to act quickly to use this program .
. The Home Affordable Refinance Program ( HARP ) helps homeowners whose homes have lost value to refinance their mortgages , even if they ’re now upside down .
This program is only available for mortgages that were originated up through May 2009 by the government - sponsored programs Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac .
The HARP website can tell you if you qualify and help you apply .
HARP is due to expire at the end of 2018 , so you ’ll need to act quickly to use this program .
FHA Programs .
If your mortgage is backed by the Federal Housing Authority ( FHA ) , you can take advantage of some special FHA programs for refinancing .
An FHA Simple Refinance is a good option to get the lowest possible interest rate and keep your out - of - pocket costs low , while an FHA Streamline Refinance helps you refinance quickly and avoid paperwork .
.
If your mortgage is backed by the Federal Housing Authority ( FHA ) , you can take advantage of some special FHA programs for refinancing .
An FHA Simple Refinance is a good option to get the lowest possible interest rate and keep your out - of - pocket costs low , while an FHA Streamline Refinance helps you refinance quickly and avoid paperwork .
IRRRL .
Homeowners with a mortgage financed by the Department of Veterans Affairs , or VA , can qualify for an Interest Rate Reduction Refinancing Loan ( IRRRL ) .
Sometimes referred to as a VA Streamline or VA - to - VA loan , this loan helps you refinance to a lower interest rate .
Any lender can provide this type of loan , but no lender is required to , so you might have to shop around to find a bank that will provide this loan to you .
Mortgage Workout
If you ca n’t refinance your home loan , you can try to get your lender to agree to a “ mortgage workout . ”
This sounds like an exercise plan for your house , but it ’s actually a plan that helps you “ work out ” a way to make your mortgage more manageable .
There are several types of mortgage workouts , including loan modifications , forbearance plans , and repayment plans .
Loan Modification
With a loan modification , your lender agrees to alter the terms of your mortgage to make the payments more affordable .
For instance , the lender could reduce the interest rate , change your loan from adjustable - rate to fixed - rate , or extend the term of the loan .
One advantage of loan modifications is that applying for one temporarily halts the foreclosure process , giving you more time to save your home .
To be eligible for a loan modification , you must show that you ’ve suffered a financial hardship and can no longer meet your current loan payments .
To prove this , you must provide documents such as paychecks , tax returns , and bank statements .
You must also go through a trial period to show that you can afford to make the new , lower payments .
There are many different loan modification programs .
The Hardest Hit Fund ( HHF ) , which provides home loan modifications and other aid to struggling homeowners , is available in 18 states and the District of Columbia through the end of 2020 .
There are special loan modification programs available for VA and FHA loans , as well as programs run by banks .
To apply for a loan modification , contact your lender ’s loss mitigation department ( also known as a home retention department ) .
You should be able to find contact information for this department on your monthly mortgage statement or on the lender ’s website .
The Making Home Affordable ( MHA ) website has more information about what you ’ll need to apply .
Forbearance
In some cases , the financial crisis that ’s putting your mortgage payment out of your reach is only temporary .
For instance , maybe you ’ve lost your job , but you know you ’ll be starting a new one in a few months .
Or maybe you have health problems that have left you temporarily unable to work .
In a situation like this , a forbearance agreement can help you until you get back on your feet .
Under these plans , the mortgage lender agrees to reduce , or even suspend , your mortgage payment for a set amount of time .
They also promise not to foreclose on the property during this period .
In exchange , you agree to resume paying your mortgage in full once the period is up , as well as paying extra to catch up on the missed payments .
The process for seeking loan forbearance starts out the same way as getting a loan modification : contact your lender and ask them to help you set up a plan .
Just remember that forbearance is only a temporary solution .
It wo n’t help you stay in a home you ca n’t afford .
Repayment Plan
Perhaps you ’re at risk of foreclosure because you missed several mortgage payments during a short - term crisis , but you ’re now back on your feet and meeting the payments again .
In this case , a repayment plan offers you a way to get caught up and avoid foreclosure .
In a repayment plan , your lender adds up all the payments you ’ve missed , then divides the total into small chunks that are added to your regular mortgage payment over a fixed period .
For instance , if you ’re behind by $ 3,000 , you could add an extra $ 500 to each mortgage payment for the next six months .
The length of the repayment period varies , but three to six months is typical .
Short Sale
If you just ca n’t afford your home anymore , your best option could be to sell it .
The problem is that if housing prices have dropped , the amount your home will fetch on the market could be less than the amount you owe on your mortgage , leaving you still in the red .
In a case like this , a short sale – selling your home for less than the amount you have left on the mortgage – could be the solution .
If your lender agrees to it , you can sell your house , walk away , and start over .
For instance , suppose you currently owe $ 100,000 on your mortgage .
To pay off this amount and also cover your closing costs on the sale , you ’d have to list the house for $ 105,000 .
However , the housing market in your area is so cold that you get no offers at this price .
With a short sale , you could drop the asking price for the house to $ 95,000 .
With $ 5,000 for closing costs , that leaves only $ 90,000 to pay off your old mortgage .
However , the lender agrees to accept this smaller amount as full payment for your loan rather than go through the expensive , time - consuming process of foreclosing on the home .
Some lenders actually require you to try a short sale before they ’ll consider any other alternatives to foreclosure such as a loan modification .
Short Sale vs. Foreclosure
A short sale has several advantages over a foreclosure , but it has some disadvantages too .
Here ’s how it compares :
Less Wait to Buy a New Home .
If your house goes through foreclosure , you ’ll have to wait five to seven years before a bank will give you a mortgage again .
This waiting period may be reduced to three years if you can show the foreclosure was due to circumstances beyond your control .
After a short sale , however , you could qualify for a home loan again in as little as two years .
.
If your house goes through foreclosure , you ’ll have to wait five to seven years before a bank will give you a mortgage again .
This waiting period may be reduced to three years if you can show the foreclosure was due to circumstances beyond your control .
After a short sale , however , you could qualify for a home loan again in as little as two years .
Control of the Sale .
With a short sale , you control the process of selling your house .
You can decide how much to ask for it , and you ’ll know who the final buyer is .
In a foreclosure , the bank simply seizes your home , and you have no way of knowing what will happen to it .
.
With a short sale , you control the process of selling your house .
You can decide how much to ask for it , and you ’ll know who the final buyer is .
In a foreclosure , the bank simply seizes your home , and you have no way of knowing what will happen to it .
Less Social Stigma .
For many homeowners , a short sale is much less embarrassing than a foreclosure .
To the neighbors , it looks just like any other home sale ; only the bank knows that you ’re getting less for the property than you owe .
.
For many homeowners , a short sale is much less embarrassing than a foreclosure .
To the neighbors , it looks just like any other home sale ; only the bank knows that you ’re getting less for the property than you owe .
Continuing Payments .
While you ’re short - selling your house , you ’re still on the hook to keep making mortgage payments until the sale is completed .
If your house is in foreclosure , by contrast , you can stop making payments and continue to live in the house until the bank kicks you out .
.
While you ’re short - selling your house , you ’re still on the hook to keep making mortgage payments until the sale is completed .
If your house is in foreclosure , by contrast , you can stop making payments and continue to live in the house until the bank kicks you out .
Same Effect on Credit Score .
A short sale and a foreclosure both damage your credit rating by about the same amount .
Either option can cause your credit score to drop by 105 to 160 points .
Both of them leave a negative mark that will stick around on your credit report for up to seven years , but your score can start to recover after the first two years or so .
How to Do a Short Sale
To get approval for a short sale , contact your bank ’s loss mitigation department , just as you would for a home loan modification .
You ’ll need to fill out an application and back it up with lots of documents showing all the details of your finances .
The bank will use this information to figure out whether taking the short sale is really its only alternative to foreclosing .
Most banks also require you to have an offer from a buyer before they ’ll accept a short sale .
So you have to list the house at the lower price , get the offer , take it to the bank , then wait to hear whether the short sale has been approved before deciding whether to accept the offer .
All this back and forth between the seller , the buyer , and the lender makes short sales a very complicated process that can take up to a full year .
It ’s important to make sure that if the lender approves the sale , it also agrees not to sue you for the extra amount you still have n’t paid on the mortgage .
Sometimes , the lender agrees to release its lien , or legal hold , on the property so you can sell it , but it does n’t agree to accept the proceeds as full payment of your loan .
Instead , it can seek a “ deficiency judgment ” against you to collect the extra money by such means as garnishing your wages .
In a few states – namely , Arizona , California , Nevada , and Oregon – deficiency judgments after a short sale are illegal .
Unless you live in one of those four states , you must get a written agreement from your lender stating that they wo n’t seek one .
Otherwise , you could sell your house for less than it ’s worth and still be in the hole .
Deed in Lieu of Foreclosure
If everything else fails , there ’s still one last thing you can do to avoid the long , painful process of foreclosure .
It ’s called a deed in lieu of foreclosure , and it ’s a transaction in which you basically hand your home over to your mortgage lender .
In exchange , the lender agrees to release you from your debt , even if it was more than what the home is now worth .
Deed in Lieu vs. Foreclosure
A deed in lieu is , in effect , still a foreclosure , but it ’s a quicker and easier one .
As soon as you hand over your house , your debt is canceled immediately .
You also avoid the very public embarrassment of going through foreclosure proceedings .
A deed in lieu will probably hurt your credit score just as much as a normal foreclosure .
However , you wo n’t have to wait as long before being able to buy a house again .
Choosing a deed in lieu could reduce the wait time from a minimum of five years to four – or even two , if you can show extenuating circumstances .
How to Get a Deed in Lieu of Foreclosure
The deed in lieu process starts with contacting your bank ’s loss mitigation department .
You ’ll have to fill out the same kind of paperwork as you would for a loan modification or a short sale , showing that you ’ve suffered a financial hardship and can no longer meet your payments .
Just like you , your bank most likely looks on a deed in lieu as a last resort .
It ’s less costly and time - consuming for it than a foreclosure , but it ’s not as good as a refinance or even a short sale .
Some banks will require you to try selling the property before they ’ll accept a deed in lieu , and they ’ll ask for paperwork to prove that you ’ve put it on the market .
If your bank agrees to a deed in lieu , you ’ll have to sign two documents .
The first hands over your home to the lender , and the second , called an estoppel affidavit , explains whether the bank accepts the deed as full payment for your mortgage debt .
In most cases , the bank will release you from your debt after a deed in lieu , but in rare cases , it might reserve the right to seek a deficiency judgment against you .
To avoid this problem , make sure before you sign the paperwork that it specifically states your deed in lieu settles your debt .
What Does n’t Work : Foreclosure Scams
You might wonder why this article has n’t mentioned any of the “ foreclosure help ” services that advertise through local papers , fliers , and online ads .
These services claim that , in exchange for a fee , they can save your home from foreclosure .
They may offer to :
Negotiate with your lender to refinance your loan
Take over your loan so that you pay your mortgage to them , not to the bank
Perform a forensic loan audit to see if your lender is breaking any laws
Help you find aid programs for distressed homeowners
Help you file for bankruptcy
Unfortunately , these so - called services are really financial scams that prey on vulnerable people who are desperate to save their homes .
At best , they ’ll just connect you with real programs , like HARP , that you could use for free .
At worst , they ’ll steal the mortgage payments that should be going to the bank , digging you even deeper into debt .
In general , you can safely assume any program that offers to help you avoid foreclosure for a fee – as opposed to real programs from the government , which are free – is a scam .
Final Word
Sometimes , there ’s no way to save your home from foreclosure or one of its alternatives like a short sale .
The good news is that it ’s possible to rebuild your credit afterward so you can someday own a home again .
Focus on paying all your bills promptly and paying down any other debts you have , such as credit card balances .
After about two years , you should see your credit score start to recover .
When you ’re finally ready to buy a house again , learn from your mistake so you do n’t end up with another mortgage you ca n’t afford .
Before you bid on a house , do the math and make sure the monthly payment does n’t eat up more than 28 % of your income .
The lower you can get the payment , the better your chances of being able to keep the house if you face another financial setback .
What advice would you give to someone facing the possibility of foreclosure ?
Frequent Slashdot contributor Bennett Haselton adds his experience to the litany of woes with Microsoft Vista .
Unlike most commentators who have a beef with the operating system , Bennett does a bit of surveying to bolster his points .
Read his account by clicking on the magic link .
Windows Explorer and Internet Explorer no longer have the " File / Edit / View " menu bars across the top of the window .
Was this a big problem under XP ?
When the menus gave quick , two - click access to most actions that you could take within the application , was there a grassroots movement to have them removed ?
I did eventually find that you can hit the " Alt " key to bring the menus back , but why put people through that frustration ?
The most annoying feeling while using a computer is being yanked out of thinking about what you 're doing with the computer to having to concentrate on how to use it .
Perhaps the idea was to steer users towards using the buttons on the toolbar , but there are n't enough buttons to cover all the options located under the menus .
If the UI designers wanted to steer users gently towards using the buttons , my suggestion would have been :
Whenever the user picks something under a menu that corresponds to something accessible from the toolbar , display a dialog box which says for example , " In the future , you can print faster by clicking the printer button on the toolbar " , along with a picture ( and a " Do not show this message again " checkbox -- important ! ) .
with the computer to having to concentrate on how to it .
Windows Explorer also did away with the " Up " button that lets you browse from the current directory to the higher - level directory .
Again , probably not in response to a groundswell of users demanding for that button to be removed , when it took up about one square centimeter of screen space .
Supposedly Windows Explorer makes up for this by displaying the entire path to the current directory in the address bar , so that if the path is " C: \Financial Records \ Chris Pirillo\ Pectoral Real Estate\ " , you can click on " Chris Pirillo " to go one directory higher .
The trouble is that I frequently give my directories extremely long and descriptive names like ( this is a real example ) " Flash - Player - 8.5.0.246-beta2.downloaded-2006-03-20-from-labs.macromedia.com " so that I can keep track of where and when I got each piece of downloaded software , in case I ever need to go back to a previous version that the software maker no longer makes available because they 're trying to steer me away from it ( ironically , " Vista syndrome " ) .
With a directory that has a long name like that , the higher - level directories are n't visible in the address bar , so I had to locate it manually in the left - hand tree view panel .
OK , knock off the violins , the point is that I did n't have to do that in XP .
I have an older monitor , so I wanted to turn ClearType off .
The IE7 help file describes how to do this in IE , but that did n't work for me no matter how many times I tried , and my eyes were aching by the time I found out that in Vista it 's a default system - wide setting that overrides IE 's setting until you change the system - wide one .
I would have suggested putting one line in the IE7 help file : " Note : if your operating system such as Windows Vista is set to use ClearType system - wide , you must disable this as well to disable ClearType in IE . "
Virtual PC , which worked on all versions of Windows XP , is not supported on Vista Home Premium .
I need Virtual PC ( for reasons other than Linux - bashing ) , so this was a deal - breaker .
Telnet no longer installed by default .
Even though I use a different telnet program for regular use , telnet .exe was handy to test whether a remote machine was reachable on a given port .
( For example , in a command prompt , type " telnet www.yahoo.com 80 " and when the command prompt screen goes blank , that means the machine www.yahoo.com is accepting responses on port 80 , the standard port for Web traffic .
Try connecting to port 81 instead , and you get no response on that port .
This can be useful when diagnosing problems with Web servers and other programs . )
Even though it's not hard to get telnet back , why would they go to the trouble of removing it ?
The aforementioned Facebook problem .
This seemed so startling at the time that I almost stopped everything to write an article just about that , musing on Microsoft having so much power that all PC stores were now exclusively stocking computers running an OS that , at the time anyway , could n't access Facebook .
But then I asked another bunch of users on Mechanical Turk , and all respondents using Vista said they could access Facebook after all .
Of course , this was n't a random sample , since users who bought Vista and could n't access Facebook , probably would have returned their machines a long time ago , but I 'm still not sure what caused it to work on some machines and not others -- all I know is that Facebook was inaccessible until I disabled IPv6 .
I know Facebook is reading these articles , since in November I wrote about how you could circumvent Facebook 's system of verifying that users were real high school students , by doing the following : " ( 1 ) create a profile of a non-overweight girl and sign up as a member of a high school network , pending confirmation ; ( 2 ) search for several boys in that network and send them friend requests ; and ( 3 ) wait for at least one of them to confirm you back " .
Shortly afterwards , Facebook changed the verification system , so that now , if you 're confirming someone who is a pending member of a high school network but no one else has confirmed them yet , Facebook warns you , " Only check this box if you 're absolutely sure that you know this person . "
So , whichever of Mark Zuckerberg 's friends is reading my articles : Clever idea , and , keep the IP v6 records working .
My brand - new - out - of - the - box Windows Vista machine could not access www.facebook.com .
A nearby XP machine could , but the Vista machine could n't .
I went back to Circuit City to try out the other Vista demo machines , and they could access other sites but not Facebook , either .
And that honeymoon feeling that you get when you buy a new computer and expect it to solve all your problems , was over for me .
Having built my latest career on helping people access Facebook where they were blocked from it , by some cosmic joke was Vista now blocking me from getting to Facebook on my own machine ?
I know , another article bashing Vista , what could be more banal .
( Kids !
That word , meaning " trite " or " unoriginal " , is pronounced " ba - NAHL " .
If you say it the wrong way like I did in an interview , it sounds naughty and you sound stupid . )
But in my own random survey of 30 Vista users on Amazon 's Mechanical Turk service ( a handy way to check these things ) , three quarters ( 23 ) said the only reason they were using Vista was that the PC store they went to did n't sell XP machines any more , and about half of all respondents ( 14 ) said that they would go back to Windows XP if they could .
So I do n't want to get a bunch of e-mails with Ron Paul links in the signature saying " Nobody has to use Vista if they do n't want to ! "
( I 'm aware that a survey of 30 people is too small to be scientific , but it 's enough to get a ballpark figure for about $ 5 on Mechanical Turk . )
Besides , the more people write testimonials to what they found frustrating about Vista , the more likely it is that some future version will keep what is good about the new OS , while providing a less frustrating interface ( suggested name : " Vista 98 " ) .
It turns out the Facebook issue was not really Microsoft 's fault -- www.facebook.com had a broken IP v6 record , and Vista defaults to using IPv6 where XP used IP v4 , so that 's why the host was n't working .
( In case you run into this with any other Web sites on Vista , I fixed the problem by disabling IP v6 in network settings and rebooting . )
But it was one more example of something thatto work pre-Vista and then stopped working , and every case like that adds up to the overall frustration of switching to a new system , regardless of whose fault it is .
I hasten to add that I am not some partisan Microsoft basher .
I like XP just fine , never more than when I went back to it after a few days on Vista , and I still think for that matter that Vista would be easier to switch to than Linux .
Having been involved for years with free speech activism , I run into a lot of people in the same circles who are strong Linux advocates , apparently because the concept of " freedom of speech " is closely aligned with " making every file search as simple and stress - free as a Hamas hostage negotiation " .
So every year or two I 'll try out the latest version of some Linux distro to see how long it would take to get used to it .
In 2005 , full of optimism , I cheerfully booted up the latest version of Shrike , then tried to find a directory and discovered I could not right - click on the hard drive root dir and specify the name of a directory I wanted to search for ( that only worked for files , not directories ) .
I posted a query to a Linux newsgroup , and a respondent told me that the solution was to open a command prompt and type " man find " , which I am aware is a polite way of saying " screw you , newbie " , but which I dutifully followed anyway and got an output screen of which the first paragraph was : and that was all my Linux for that year .
Maybe I 'm overdue to try it again .
( Microsoft gives away their Virtual PC program that makes it easy to try other operating systems ; I think it 's a ploy to make us appreciate Windows more . )
Now , I love theof a freely - distributable , freely - modifiable operating system , and I 've recommended Linux to people when you need it to do something cool that Windows can't do , like bypassing Windows security by booting a PC from a CD .
And it 's done a lot of good for organizations like the One Laptop Per Child program , which can keep their costs down by using a free operating system .
But to this day I 've never heard an answer to one question : Since even Linux advocates admit that it 's harder to use , what can you do with Linux that you can't do with Windows , to make it worth switching over to ?
If I was nervous about Vista because some of the interface had changed and some of my old programs no longer worked , it was n't helpful to tell me to switch to a system where all of the interface would change and none of my old programs would work .
So , I wanted to like Vista .
I knew that eventually everyone would have to upgrade anyway , so , not wanting to be left behind , I wanted to switch to Vista because of the same factor that spammers use to get your attention : " Other guys are improving themselves , why are n't you ? "
But there were some things I ran into almost immediately : That was as far as I got before I stopped trying to get used to Vista and started taking notes for this article ( working title : " Vist Vucked " ) .
From the Mechanical Turk users who responded to my survey , the other most common reported problems were : software compatibility , hardware compatibility , difficulty with the UI , and running too slowly .
Presumably the first two problems will improve over time , but the UI will always be hard to switch to as long as users can't find functions that were easy locatable in the old interface , and if it runs slower than XP , that will always be a factor no matter how fast your computer is .
( However fast it runs Vista , you 'd always be able to make it run even faster with XP instead ! )
The best things I 've heard about Vista have been that ( a ) it is the most secure Windows ever ( which Dave Barry says is like calling asparagus the " most articulate vegetable ever " ) , and ( b ) it features better multimedia integration .
To which my responses were : ( a ) the number of incomprehensible warnings that Vista flashes at a user whenever they look at the computer funny , does not make it more secure , because users will condition themselves to just ignore those warnings , and ( b ) I hate watching TV on my computer anyway .
Since TV / PC integration is a major selling point for Vista , I thought this last issue was worth looking harder at :
Do people really want to use their computers to watch TV ?
My computer monitor is in an office where I sit up close when I 'm working ; but TV feels more comfortable to watch from several feet away , and in my office I can't even scoot my chair back that far .
( And if I lived with family , I doubt they 'd want to crowd into my office to watch a movie . )
In fact , I like the psychological separation of the TV set in the living room from the distractions of the computer in the office : I go inwhen I 'm done with everything in .
The only way I 'd regularly download and watch movies would be if I had a way to send them wirelessly to my TV , but a wireless PC - to - TV converter and the corresponding receiver together cost about $ 200 .
Seeking more validation of my opinions from strangers , I did another survey of 30 Mechanical Turk users , asking if they would rather drive to a movie rental store or download a movie online for the same price .
Almost half ( 14 ) said they 'd rather drive to the movie store , citing the comfort of watching the movie on their TV as opposed to on the computer .
Another fourth of the respondents ( 8 ) said they 'd download the movie but only if they could send the content to their TV to watch , and only the last fourth ( 8 ) said they 'd actually watch it on their computer monitor .
So the future of convergence between PC and TV will probably be not in all - in - one systems but in devices that link the PC in your study with the TV in your living room , and since there 's no household name yet for PC - to - TV linkage , the field is wide open for some lucky company to make a product that becomes synonymous with the concept , the way " TiVo " is easier to say than " Digital Video Recorder " .
Maybe that will be a boost for systems like Vista .
If that happens at about the same time that a Vista successor is released that makes the interface easier to switch to from XP , I 'll bet that will be the tipping point that gets people switching voluntarily .
( Of course many people will switch by then just because they need a new computer and they could n't find one with anything but Vista on it . )
Anyway , I was only trying a new Vista machine because the hard drive on my old computer died , but after all the data had been recovered , I just installed a new drive in the old machine and went back to XP , while my Vista machine was returned to its perch , gargoyle - like , on the shelves at Circuit City , waiting to pounce on the next unsuspecting wretch with dreams of self - improvement through newer computer purchases .
The only remnant of Vista that I have left is IE7 , which was installed by my Windows XP restore disk and can't be removed , and which is incompatible with some sites and programs that I need , so I 've been using Firefox more and getting to like it .
That 's lucky , since I 've already offended the loyal software - logo - wearing constituencies of Vista and Linux , and would n't want to deal with the Firefox crowd too .
As my friend Anne Mitchell says , " Admitting you hate Firefox is almost as bad as admitting to being Republican . "
( Except that when Firefox screws with a page , the chat logs do n't end up on national television .
Ba-dump - bump ! )
Blue Brain is an ambitious attempt to model brains .
It may fail , but my guess is that within a half century some project like it will success so spectacularly as to completely remake society , and turn well - placed pioneers into multi-trillionaires .
From Seed :
In the basement of a university in Lausanne , Switzerland sit four black boxes , each about the size of a refrigerator , and filled with 2,000 IBM microchips stacked in repeating rows .
Together they form the processing core of a machine that can handle 22.8 trillion operations per second . …
This is Blue Brain . …
When he launched the project in the summer of 2005 , as a joint venture with IBM , there was still no shortage of skepticism .
Scientists criticized the project as an expensive pipedream , a blatant waste of money and talent . …
The first phase of the project – “ the feasibility phase ” – is coming to a close .
The skeptics , for the most part , have been proven wrong .
It took less than two years for the Blue Brain supercomputer to accurately simulate a neocortical column , which is a tiny slice of brain containing approximately 10,000 neurons , with about 30 million synaptic connections between them . …
“ What is holding us back now are the computers . ” …
In order to accurately simulate the trillion synapses in the human brain , you ’d need to be able to process about 500 petabytes of data …
That ’s about 200 times more information than is stored on all of Google ’s servers . …
But if computing speeds continue to develop at their current exponential pace , and energy efficiency improves , Markram believes that he ’ll be able to model a complete human brain on a single machine in ten years or less . …
Once the team is able to model a complete rat brain – that should happen in the next two years – Markram will download the simulation into a robotic rat , so that the brain has a body .
He ’s already talking to a Japanese company about constructing the mechanical animal .
“ The only way to really know what the model is capable of is to give it legs , ” he says .
Anders Sandberg tells me this is actually the most impressive project to date .
Details from the whitepaper :
The so far ( 2006 ) largest simulation of a full Hodgkin - Huxley neuron network was performed on the IBM Watson Research Blue Gene supercomputer using the simulator SPLIT …
It was a model of cortical minicolumns , consisting of 22 million 6 - compartment neurons with 11 billion synapses , with spatial delays corresponding to a 16 cm^2 cortex surface and a simulation length of one second real - time .
Most of the computational load was due to the synapses , each holding 3 state variables .
The overall nominal computational capacity used was 11.5 TFLOPS , giving 0.5 MFLOPS per neuron or 1045 FLOPS per synapse .
Simulating one second of neural activity took 5942 s.
The simulation showed linear scaling in performance with the number of processors up to 4096 but began to show some ( 23 % ) overhead for 8192 processors .
GD Star Rating
loading ...
A century after John Pierpont Morgan rescued the New York stockmarket from a 50 % sell off in share prices , his blue - blooded Wall Street bank was yesterday once again at the heart of attempts to contain the deepening global financial crisis .
In an echo of the " bankers ' panic " of 1907 , JP Morgan responded to what is being billed as a meltdown of historic proportions by agreeing to buy its stricken rival , Bear Stearns .
The length and severity of the crisis that broke over global markets last summer has had analysts delving into their history books .
George Soros , who was largely responsible for Black Wednesday , the last bout of serious financial turmoil to afflict the UK , believes there has been nothing to match the events of the past nine months since the Great Depression .
Alan Greenspan , the former chairman of the Fed and the man blamed by many for setting off the boom - bust in the US housing market , agrees with the man who broke the Bank of England .
Writing in the Financial Times yesterday , Greenspan said : " The current financial crisis in the US is likely to be judged as the most wrenching since the end of the second world war . "
The first 25 years after the war were relatively trouble free .
Britain had devalued the pound in 1949 and 1967 , but the first real systemic threat to the financial system arrived in 1973 with the secondary banking crisis that affected the " fringe banks " that had provided money to speculators during the property boom .
When the crash came , the Bank of England launched a " lifeboat " to prevent the crisis spreading .
Similar action by the Federal Reserve in 1998 contained the fallout from the collapse of Long Term Capital Management , a hedge fund that lost money in the aftermath of Russia 's decision to default on its debts .
By comparison with recent events , LTCM now seems to be a minor market wobble .
Students of the markets say the only recent parallel with the current turmoil is Japan in the 1990s , but other than that they have had to study the 1930s , when 9,000 banks failed , 1907 when JP Morgan told Wall Street enough was enough after a 50 % drop in shares , and even to the series of economic and financial upheavals during the final quarter of the 19th century .
Ben Bernanke , chairman of the Fed , spent years as an academic studying the Great Depression and his actions over the past six months have been interpreted as a sign that he is determined the lessons from the past should be understood .
Julian Jessop at Capital Economics said : " In our view the Fed is taking the right steps to prevent the recession from developing into a full blown depression that resembles the debt / deflation spiral that Japan found itself trapped in for more than a decade in the 1990s , or even the economic and financial disasters in the final quarter of the 19th century and the 1930s in the US . "
Jessop added that all three episodes were characterised by the central bank 's failure to prevent the money supply from contracting .
" What we have seen from day one in this crisis is that the Fed recognises it needs to take whatever steps are necessary to prevent the money supply from falling and to inject as much liquidity as required to prevent a Japanese - style debt / deflation spiral from developing . "
Japan 's problems in the 1990s were caused by the pricking of a real estate and stock market bubble in the late 1980s that resulted in banks seeking to liquidate massive losses .
The Japanese government was criticised for failing to take action quickly enough to prevent the economy suffering a series of recessions .
Unlike today , however , the crisis had no global reach ; the rest of the world boomed as Japan languished .
That was bad .
Yesterday we conducted our Ciconian raid .
We 've lost two ships and nearly one in five of our men , and it could have been much worse .
Here 's the short of it :
The evening before last , the Lil ' Tethys spotted the Ciconian city of Ismara just before nightfall .
The Tethys relayed the information to us , and we anchored out - of - sight off the southern shore .
Not long after sundown , our fleet began to slowly make its way towards the city .
It was our intention to embark out of sight of Ismara .
However , the city lies at the foot of a mountain , and the coast to the south of it was very rocky .
As a result , our fleet crept up along the coast for quite some time before we could find a place to land .
The moon was nearly new , so things were pretty dark .
In fact , as we looked for places to land , Polites and Elpenor were on the bow , repeatedly dropping a plumb line .
Even so , if it were n't for the Lil '
Tethys guiding us , we would have probably ended up upon the rocks .
I can clearly recall standing with Odysseus and Baius as the lights of Ismara grew closer and closer .
It was a tense moment , and the General was obviously anxious .
Aside from Elpenor 's whispered soundings , I could only hear Odysseus wrapping his knuckles upon his shield .
Anyway , we were nearly on top of the city before the rocks gave way to a sandy shore .
Here , our first contact with the Ciconians was the Lil '
Tethys running into a small fishing boat .
This occurred several yards off of our bow , and we could n't see what happened .
However , we heard a few high - pitched screams and what looked like a torch thrown through the air .
At that , Elpenor shouted something like : " It 's begun ! " Odysseus loudly ordered Baius to bring us in .
Lighting two torches upon our stern , I signaled for the fleet behind us to do the same .
This was almost comical .
As our large ships rushed towards the beach , we had to plow through a flotilla of small fishing boats .
Many of these boats contained sleeping fishermen , who were understandably disturbed by the appearance of our ships .
As a result , our stealthy landing was n't so stealthy .
Although we unintentionally rammed a few fishing boats , we did n't bother to engage the fishermen on our way in .
However , once they realized what was going on , the fishermen started throwing what they had at us , and caught the mainsail of one of our ships on fire .
The blaze provided us with a bit of useful light actually , and within moments we were orderly unloading our crews into the sandy shallows to the southeast of the city .
After ten years of war , our troops are incredibly well - trained .
- With only minimal orders , our army of over two - thousand poured onto the beach , and then quietly fell into columns .
Actually , aside from the efforts of a few brave Ciconian fishermen , the only real confusion upon our landing was on account of our officers .
As several of these men had been reassigned to replace lost helmsmen , they were confused as to whether they should join the raid or to stay with the ships .
Frustrated , Odysseus ordered all of these officers to join us on the beach .
- In retrospect , that might not have been the best idea .
The men were already falling into formation , and although a handful of soldiers were left to guard each ship , the lack of a helmsman later contributed to an unanticipated problem .
Anyway , within just twenty minutes or so we had gained the beach , and began to advance on the city .
Ismara was only several hundred yards up from the water , atop a gradual sandy slope .
We made our way quickly , with officers spread every ten meters or so across our front .
I was in the center with Odysseus and Elpenor .
Misenus was some distance to our left , and Polites was commanding our rear guard .
I wo n’t go into too many details , as there 's not much to say .
- In short , we made quick work of the city .
As we had caused quite a bit of commotion upon our landing , much of Ismara knew we were coming before we fell upon them .
In fact , a small contingent of about one - hundred brave souls met us just in front of the city , but they were ill - prepared and obviously untrained .
I was somewhat struck with how efficiently and almost stoically our troops engaged and dispatched these desperate defenders .
Besides this defense , Ismara had a small wall .
However , two of the entrances to the city were either left open or were non-existent .
As a result , we quickly poured into the city , reformed into twelve separate companies , and then went about raiding the place .
I stuck with Odysseus throughout the sack of Ismara , as did Elpenor .
For his part , Elpenor was refreshingly quiet , and helped direct our men with only a minimal amount of kissing Odysseus ’ ass .
It was n't our intention to damage the city or to unnecessarily harm the residents .
Thus , we went through the night and early morning with very little fighting .
In fact , after a few hours , the Ciconians seemed to become resigned to our efforts , and more - or - less stood aside as we went from house to house , taking what we fancied .
It felt pretty dirty .
Things were also made easy by another circumstance .
Shortly into the raid , we were confronted by a group of Ciconian guards escorting the city 's mayor .
This chubby and swarthy guy named Ennomus , was quick to make it clear Ismara would surrender to our force , and only asked us that his city not be destroyed .
Odysseus obviously got a kick out of this , and he responded by asking Ennomus why he should n't do the same to Trojan - loving Ciconians as he had done to Troy .
I guess word had already reached Ennomus about the fall of Troy , and he was immediately dumbfounded to find himself in the presence of " The Great Odysseus , conqueror of Troy .
"
We were then escorted by the mayor and his small contingent as we looted the city .
That was kind of surreal .
Odysseus and Ennomus were actually making small talk as we went about our business .
– Maybe Ennomus thought it was an honor to have his city sacked by the “ Conqueror of Troy .
” Anyway , after several hours of looting , our force began to reassemble near the city wall where we had entered .
As the sun rose , we piled our spoils onto Ciconian carts , and prepared to head back to our fleet .
At that point I do n't think we had lost more than a dozen men .
But then things went very bad .
Standing with Odysseus and the mayor of Ismara at the city gate , we heard a signal horn from down at the beach .
Rushing out to see the cause of the alarm , we saw our fleet was still anchored at the foot of the city .
A trail of carts linked Ismara to the shoreline , and some of our ships were being loaded in the shallow water .
At first , nothing appeared amiss .
However , Polites then stepped up next to me and exclaimed : " Mother of Zeus .
We 're fucked .
" Turning to Polites , I could tell he was looking at something else .
Following his gaze over our ships , I then saw why we were fucked .
- Almost obscured by the rising sun , a number of large ships were headed towards the shore .
It did n't take long before we realized what we were looking at .
It was the Ciconian army , returning from the War at Troy .
In fact , these were likely the same Ciconians that shot Odysseus in the leg .
- They must have been delayed by the storm , and we beat them to their home .
Why we had n't considered their return , I do n't know .
In fact , it actually crossed my mind as we landed , but after I got caught up in the raid , I forgot about it .
Looking at Odysseus , I was stunned by how quickly he reacted to the situation .
The General 's response was : " Burn the city .
Get to the fleet .
" Obviously baffled , Ennomus yelled : " Nooooo !
" To this , Odysseus coldly replied : " Kill him .
" Not staying to watch his order carried out , the General began to jog towards our fleet .
Polites , Elpenor and I joined him , listening to a quick stream of orders he gave as her ran .
- Strangely , Odysseus seemed more pissed off than anything else .
Basically , the General 's orders were for us to board as quickly as possible , leaving the rest of our treasure on the beach .
Elpenor and Polites quickly dispatched and began to spread the word .
Odysseus and I were intercepted by Macar as we ran to the boats .
Macar brought more bad news .
Unfortunately , while we were raiding the city , the tide went out .
Baius had been able to get some of our ships to deeper waters , but without a helmsman in each our ships , things got pretty confused .
As a result , our six boats closest to shore were essentially resting on the bottom .
- Baius and Macar assumed we 'd just have to wait until high tide , but no one anticipated a rushed departure .
At hearing that , Odysseus looked crazy mad .
Grabbing Macar by the shoulders , the General asked him to repeat what he had just said , one more time .
That was the first time I had ever seen Macar look intimidated .
However , after making sure Odysseus was serious , Macar coolly repeated the situation , word for word .
Odysseus listened and then nodded .
With his hands still on Macar 's shoulder , he slowly looked at the situation about us .
To the west , plums of smoke began to rise from Ismara .
To the east , we could see our fleet , soon to be boxed in by the returning Ciconians .
All about us , men and officers ran , both up and down the beach , often changing directions midway .
Looking back to the two of us , Odysseus shook his head , and then broke into a warm smile .
" Macar , Eurylochus .
It looks like we 're fucked . "
With that , the General started laughing .
Maybe it was the lack of sleep , but Macar and I immediately burst out laughing as well .
- It felt like the funniest thing I had heard in a long time .
Anyway , after a good chuckle , we continued on our way down to the shore .
There we met Baius , who was his usual cool self .
Baius reiterated what Macar had said , and then suggested we meet the returning Ciconians with the few ships that were free .
Odysseus agreed with Baius , but decided he would stay on shore .
Macar and Baius then took the Lil ' Tethys out to command our fleet .
Apollo's ass , it 's getting late .
Alright , so here 's what happened :
There were five ships in the Ciconian fleet .
Two of these ships were caught up in a hasty blockade set up by Baius and Macar , and three of the Ciconian vessels broke through to the shore .
These ships unloaded in the shallows amongst our own , where we fought one of the most chaotic battles I have ever witnessed .
Unfortunately , despite the burning of Ismara , soon after the Ciconians ships were spotted , a substantial number of furious citizens began to harass us on the beach .
These pissed - off citizens were mostly armed with farm implements and rocks , but they created a second front on our rear , which greatly aided the Ciconian attack .
It took about thirty minutes before the Ciconians had landed .
However , due to these new partisans and the confused state of our officers ( Polites and Elpenor had just ordered our men to board our beached ships ) we were less than prepared when the Ciconians began to disembark amongst us .
I stayed with Odysseus throughout what ended up being a very long battle .
Polites joined the two of us after about an hour , and we later happened upon Misenus , who was trapped under an overturned cart of Ciconian treasure .
- He 'll be alright .
I did n't see Elpenor for the rest of the morning .
I guess he ended up on one of our beached ships , fighting a group of Ciconcians that repeatedly set it on fire .
Interestingly , we did happen upon the Ciconian captain that we had met at sea .
I think his name was Euphemus , or at least that 's what his men called him .
Euphemus and his contingent of troops met Odysseus and our entourage late in the battle .
Once he saw Euphemus , Odysseus became very animated , and kept working to engage him personally .
However , Euphemus ' guard was well - trained , and they fell in tight before him any time we pressed towards their leader .
Even so , I 'm sure Odysseus would have eventually gotten to Euphemus .
However , that 's when Achaemenides appeared .
By noon , things were looking pretty grim .
Whenever I had the opportunity , I would look about us and assess the situation .
Each time I did , I always saw the same thing : Our Ithacans were spread out along the beach , fighting about one third as many Ciconian soldiers , and nearly twice as many Ismaran citizens .
The beach was littered with treasure and bodies .
By my measure , we were slowly fighting to a stalemate .
However , at this particular lull , I climbed upon one of the carts to have a look at our fleet .
- For the past several minutes I had heard a few cheers come from that direction , and I was wondering what it was about .
Amazingly , what I saw was Achaemenides ' ship on the far side of the ongoing sea battle .
Apparently , Achaemenides had just rammed into the hull of a Ciconian vessel .
- It was difficult to discern what was going on , but there was little doubt things were looking bad for the two Ciconian ships that remained offshore .
I immediately related this to Odysseus .
Hearing it , the General grinned from ear to ear .
He shouted : " Get the men on our ships ! " and with new energy , he charged towards a skirmish taking place closer to the shore .
With that , Polites , Misenus and I began to spread the world along the beach .
It was n't a perfect retreat , but it could have been worse .
Fortunately , the tide had begun to come in shortly before Achaemenides ' return .
As a result , it was easy enough to board our ships , but we did n't have to wait long before they were afloat once again .
We spent nearly half and hour fending - off the Ciconians as our men boarded and waited to embark .
However , as the water rose , it became more and more difficult for the Ciconians to attack our ships .
Furthermore , as the Ciconians had concentrated on fighting us as we boarded , by the time we were free , it was already too deep for them to effectively board their own vessels that began floating nearby .
Thus , after several hours of fighting on the shore of Ismara , we were able to escape to sea , taking a number of doomed Ciconians with us .
However , we did so with two fewer ships , and many fewer men .
To add insult to injury , we got very little treasure from the bargain .
After we were out of sight of Ismara , Odysseus had Achaemenides brought aboard our ship .
The General then made a very big deal about Achaemenides ’ rescue .
He bestowed Achaemenides the ship he ’s been commanding , and presented him with a very ornate sword .
- In fact , the sword kind of looked like mine .
How many of these swords does the General have ?
Anyway , we had an impromptu feast to honor ‘ Captain Achaemenides ’ , which went on far too late .
We did n’t spend any of the daylight assessing our damages , or redistributing the men .
No doubt that will be my job tomorrow .
- Without Odysseus , of course .
I have to think Odysseus hoped the Ciconian raid might substitute for our missing treasure barge .
However , although Achaemenides returned , I now have very little hope for that flat - bottomed ship .
- Besides , if the Milesian barge is still afloat , they are likely on their way to Ismara .
Would n’t that be ironic ?
At any rate , I do n’t think the General will want to linger in Ciconian waters , waiting for our missing treasure .
No , I think we are going to have to start heading home .
- Our fleet is damaged enough as it is .
Odysseus did his best to raise morale with Achaemenides ’ feast , but I do n’t think our crew can take any more of these adventures .
The Iraqi president , Jalal Talabani , today told Turkey not to " violate " the country after Turkish troops entered northern Iraq to attack Kurdish rebels .
Several hundred troops – some reports claimed thousands - crossed the border after fighter jets and heavy artillery bombed Kurdistan Workers ' party ( PKK ) forces .
The PKK said two Turkish soldiers were killed and eight wounded in clashes following the incursion , but Turkey refused to comment on the claim .
A rebel spokesman pledged that fighters would " prevent Turkish army from entering deep in the Iraqi land " .
The Turkish prime minister , Recep Tayyip Erdogan - who said he had given both his Iraqi counterpart , Nouri al - Maliki , and the US president , George , Bush advance warning - defended the raid as " just " .
He said the only targets were " PKK camps located in the north of Iraq " .
However , a Baghdad spokesman said Talabani had told the Turkish head of state , Abdullah Gul , that Ankara " should respect Iraq 's unity and sovereignty and not violate its lands " .
The spokesman added that Iraq considered the PKK 's actions in Turkey to be " terrorist " .
In a statement , Turkish military officials said the incursion had been launched yesterday evening .
" The Turkish armed forces , which value Iraq 's territorial integrity and its stability , will return as soon as planned goals are achieved , " the statement said .
" The executed operation will prevent the region from being a permanent and safe base for the terrorists , and will contribute to Iraq 's stability and internal peace . "
NTV television reported that 10,000 troops were taking part in the offensive and had penetrated 10 km ( six miles ) into Iraq , although one US officer said the offensive involved only several hundred troops .
Rear Admiral Gregory Smith , a spokesman for US forces in Iraq , said Turkey had assured the US it would do everything possible to avoid " collateral damage " to innocent civilians and infrastructure .
" The United States continues to support Turkey 's right to defend itself from the terrorist activities of the PKK and has encouraged Turkey to use all available means , to include diplomacy and close coordination with the government of Iraq to ultimately resolve this issue , " he added .
Reuters reported that the deputy assistant secretary of state , Matthew Bryza , said the offensive was " not the greatest news " and took Turkey 's confrontation with Iraq - based Kurdish fighters to a " whole new level " .
A spokeswoman for the European commission appealed to Turkey to act with restraint , saying : " Turkey should refrain from taking any disproportionate military action and respect human rights and the rule of law . "
The offensive is the latest Turkish operation against the PKK , which it accuses of using Kurdish northern Iraq as a base to launch attacks on south - east Turkey in its long - running campaign for autonomy in the region .
The US , the EU and Turkey consider the PKK to be a terrorist organisation .
In December , several hundred Turkish troops carried out a smaller ground incursion , and Ankara has also launched air and artillery strikes against suspected PKK targets in Iraq .
Its parliament authorised the army to carry out such raids in October .
Fouad Hussein , a spokesman for the semi-autonomous Kurdish government , said Kurdish Peshmerga forces had been put on alert .
He added that Iraqi Kurdish forces also had tightened security around bases housing Turkish military monitors operating in northern Iraq with permission from local authorities under a 1996 agreement .
" The government of Kurdistan ordered the Peshmerga forces to be on alert in fear of any Turkish incursion on Iraqi territory , " he said , claiming Turkish military monitors had tried to leave their bases in violation of the 1996 agreement .
Turkey has staged ground incursions against Turkish Kurd rebels in northern Iraq in previous years .
The PKK launched its guerrilla campaign in 1984 , and as many as 40,000 people have died .
